
in the officers and men of the battalion are half as well satisfied with the manner in which I performed my duty as I am with the manner in which they performed theirs we are all well pleased.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

R. I. FALLS,

Major, Commanding First Bat. First Pennsylvania Reserve Cavalry.

Colonel OWEN JONES,

Commanding First Pennsylvania Reserve Cavalry.

Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Independent Brigade, First Corps, of operations August 8-13.
HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT BRIGADE,Near Fort Ethan Allen, Va., September 12, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command since the departure from Woodville, Va., on August 8, 1862:

At 9 o'clock p. m. my brigade, taking the advance of the corps, started in the direction of Culpeper, arriving at the place about 5 next morning. At 5 p. m. of same day received ordered to march immediately in direction of Cedar Mountain, from which direction heavy firing had been heard all the afternoon. I again took the advance. Having marched some 3 miles, and finding the road blocked up by ambulances and stragglers from the battle-field, I started ahead with my cavalry detachment (three companies of the First Virginia) leaving my infantry and artillery to make the best of their way toward the front. Arriving about 8 p. m. at the front, and finding everything in confusion, I ordered my cavalry into line under the protection of the woods nearest the enemy, and advanced alone to reconnoiter. Fifteen minutes had scarcely elapsed when a battery of the enemy suddenly opened with great precision upon the remnant of General Banks' corps posted on my right. The enemy's fire had been directed by several large fires burning brilliantly among Banks' batteries. The result was a general stampede, artillery, cavalry, and infantry retreating in the greatest disorder. I endeavored to rally them, at first without success, but finally succeeded in arresting a battery or two and some cavalry, which I brought back to their old position on the road, at the same time throwing my cavalry across on the same side. Shortly after, one of Banks' batteries, having retreated to a safe position, commenced, to the left of the road and behind us, responding to the enemy's guns, the firing ceasing in about fifteen minutes.

Meanwhile, fearing that my brigade, two regiments of which had been thrown across the road to stop the terrified mass in their head-long retreat, might be delayed too long, I dispatched one of my aides to hurry it forward - to push before them all of the retreating column possible. They immediately proceeded forward, and after much labor I succeeded in encamping them, near 2 a. m., in the position first selected in the evening. Having posted pickets at a suitable distance on our front I allowed the men to rest on their arms.

Sunday, 10th.- Still holding position in advance of the corps I threw forward a line of skirmishers, with a sufficient support, along my whole front. They found the enemy's skirmishers, supported by their whole

