
herewith forwarded. Many of the wounded are disabled for life. It is to be hoped that a grateful country will not forget their services nor their sufferings.

In conclusion, I congratulate the major-general commanding the Second Corps on the substantial success which followed the efforts of his gallant command to arrest and hold in check the confident advance of a greatly superior force of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, major, your obedient servant,

A. S. Williams,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

P. S. - The good conduct of my mounted orderlies, who in the necessary absence of my staff were used in transmitting my orders, deserve notice. I would especially report as faithful and efficient men Private S. S. Beach, Second Massachusetts Volunteers, clerk in Adjutant-General's Office; Corpl. Charles C. Wilcox, Privates Becraft, Chatterson, Connelly, Petticrew, Dwight, Smith, John Robinson, and Watson, of Company M, First Michigan Cavalry.

A. S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major D. D. PERKINS,

A. A. A. G., and Chief of Staff, 2nd Corps, Army of Va.

Numbers 8. Report of Brigadier General Samuel W. Crawford, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,Army of Virginia, August 14, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operation of the force under my command in the recent engagement with the rebel forces near Cedar Mountain, Va.:

At noon on Friday, The 8th instant, while encamped with my command at Culpeper Court-House, I received an order from the major-general commanding the Army of Virginia to proceed immediately to the support of Brigadier-General Bayard, whose small force was retiring before the enemy. My command consisted of four regiments of infantry (the Twenty-eighth New York, Colonel Donnelly; the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, Colonel Knipe; the Tenth Maine, Colonel Beal, and the First Connecticut, Colonel Chapman), together with Roemer's battery of six 3-inch rifled guns, and two sections of Knap's battery of 10-pounder Parrotts.

My brigade was soon under arms and on the march, and passing through Culpeper took the road leading toward Orange Court-House. By 4 o'clock in the afternoon I came up with General Bayard's force between Colvin's Tavern and small stream, known as Cedar Run, and which crossed the road in advance of a belt of woods running east and west. Passing to the front I discovered the enemy's pickets, and beyond, on the road to Crooked River, a portion of his cavalry.

Selecting, with the assistance of Major Houston, U. S. Engineers, of General McDowell's staff, a suitable position, I brought up my artillery, drawing up the infantry regiments in close supporting distance

