
on the low ground of the run, completely concealed from the view of the enemy. Knap's battery, with two pieces from Roemer, was supported on the left by the Tenth Maine and the Fifth Connecticut Regiments, while the Twenty-eighth New York and Forty-sixth Pennsylvania supported Roemer's remaining guns on the right. The cavalry were ordered to the front and flank to watch the enemy. Strong pickets were thrown out within a short distance of those of the enemy, and the command bivouacked for the night.

Early next morning General Bayard reported to me that the enemy were advancing. The command were immediately under arms. It proved, however, to be a maneuver upon the part of the enemy toward our left flank. His cavalry were moving in the direction of a range of elevated hills on our left, known as Cedar Mountain. The movement was intended to conceal the passage of three pieces of artillery, which he succeeded in placing in position at the foot of the slope. Our cavalry were drawn up in our front across our position.

At 11 o'clock the enemy, being established upon the slope of Cedar Mountain at the skirt of the timber near the base on our left, opened fire upon our cavalry. Several shots were fired, when another battery opened a short distance in the rear. I directed Captain Knap o reply, which he did so effectually, that at the third shall from his guns the enemy's battery ceased to fire and shortly afterward withdrew.

An order now reached me from the major-general commanding the Army of Virginia directing me to resist the advance of the enemy, and that General banks was advancing to my support. Lieutenant Muhlenberg, of Fourth U. S. Artillery, with Battery F of that regiment, now arrived upon the field, and was assigned position upon the right and left. The artillery fire was kept up occasionally at long range for some time, when at 12 o'clock Brigadier-General Williams arrived on the field with Gordon's brigade, of his division. Between 1 and 2 o'clock Major-general Banks arrived upon the field with the division of Augur and assumed command.

I reported to General Williams my position, and soon after received an order to move my entire brigade upon the right of the road, that position having been assigned to Williams' division. The brigade of Brigadier-General Gordon was directed to occupy my right. Upon receiving the order I directed the Tenth Maine and Fifth Connecticut Regiments, who were supporting Knap's battery, to move by the flank across the road to the right of the other regiments of the brigade, supporting Muhlenberg's and Roemer's batteries. The movement had not been accomplished when an order was received to deploy one of my regiments on the right as skirmishers into a thick woods directly in advance of our right wing. The Tenth Maine Regiment was halted to support the center. Roemer's battery was advanced to a position on the left of the road. The Fifth Connecticut Regiment had passed to the right, and with the Twenty-eighth New York and Forty-sixth Pennsylvania had advanced into the woods.

The enemy at this moment opened with all his batteries, one of which he had established in an open field on our left. We had thrown forward our center, and had advanced a regiment of infantry, which, deployed as skirmishers, were lying upon the ground and supporting the battery in the field on the right of his position. Just at this period I received an order from the major-general commanding the corps to advance my brigade through the woods and prepare to move upon the left flank of the enemy, and that the movement would be supported by the brigade under Brigadier-General Gordon.

