
wounded, and was borne from the field. Lieutenant-Colonel Brown had his arm shattered. Major Cook, after being wounded, was made prisoner by the enemy. Out of the 14 company officers in action there is not one remaining able to do duty. All are either wounded or prisoners. Of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania its Colonel (Knipe) was twice wounded, and carried from the field, Lieutenant-Colonel Selfridge had his horse shot under him, and Major Mathews fell dangerously wounded. Of its 20 company officers who went into action 17 were killed, wounded, or missing, and 226 of its rank and file. Of the Fifth Connecticut, Colonel Chapman, Lieutenant-Colonel Stone, and Major Blake are gone. The first is reported a prisoner in the hands of the enemy. The latter two were seen to fall, and have not since been heard from. Out of 18 company officers who went into action 10 are killed, wounded, or missing,and 224 of the rank and file. Out of 88 officers and 1,679 men and prisoners. The batteries attached to my brigade did most excellent service. Knap, Roemer, and Muhlenberg directed their operations in person, and their fire was most effective. A special report of the operations of their batteries was made to the chief of artillery. In Muhlenberg's regular battery (Best's), of the Fourth Artillery, 1 non-commissioned officer was killed and 2 non-commissioned officers and 2 privates wounded.

It is customary at the close of a report like this to mention those whose conduct has merited commendation, but I point the general commanding to the vacant places of my officers and the skeleton regiments of my brigade to speak more earnestly than I can do of the part they played in that day's contest. Colonel Donnelly, of the Twenty-eighth New York; Colonel Knipe, of the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania, and Colonel Chapman, of the Fifth Connecticut, sustained by the field officers of their regiments, led them into the action. These regiments alone an unsupported reached the opposite woods, and fought hand to hand with the enemy. Lieutenant Sprout, adjutant of the Twenty-eighth New York, was killed at the side of the enemy's battery, and the gallant conduct of the men was sufficiently attested by one of the generals of the enemy himself, as we stood together upon the battle-field twenty-four hours after the action amid the mingled bodies of the dead of both sides. The conduct of the color guards of these regiments is beyond all praise. The colors of the Fifth Regiment, from Connecticut, were three times shot down, and as often raised again and borne on into the fight. Of the Maine regiment but 1, the color-sergeant, who bore the colors from the field, remains.

I remained upon the battle-field until dark, directing the removal of the wounded, when I returned and reported to the general commanding, who directed me to move with the remnant of my command to the rear of the woods on Cedar Run, at the center of our position. Moving up to it with my staff, I found it occupied by the enemy's cavalry, who opened fire and charged upon us, killing 2 of my escort. I then reformed my regiments in the neighborhood of Colvin's Tavern, north of the battle-field.

Of the officers of my personal staff who accompanied me on the battle-field I would mention Captain F. De Hautesville, assistant adjutant-General, who from the first rendered me especial and important service, attended with great personal exposure.

Captain Cogswell, Fifth Connecticut, and Captain Duggan, First Michigan Cavalry, acted as my aides during the entire day, and rendered me great assistance. First Lieutenant A. M. Crawford, aide-de-camp,

