
action; 25 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 95 wounded, and 37 missing out of 474 in action.

The company of Zouaves d'Afrique attached to this regiment honorably and creditably discharged their duty on the field. They lost 1 commissioned officer missing, 4 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, and 7 missing.

The list of killed and wounded will, I fear, be considerably increased as the reports from the companies are corrected.

Several of the non-commissioned officers and privates were conspicuous for coolness and good conduct in action. Their names will be published as soon as a perfect list can be made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Colonel Second Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Commanding Third Brigade.

No. 10. Report of Colonel Silas Colgrove, Twenty-seventh Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH Regiment INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, August 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken in the battle of the 9th instant by the Twenty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers:

My regiment occupied the extreme right of our brigade in the position first occupied. I was ordered by you to throw two companies forward and occupy an advanced position. I immediately sent Companies F and C about three-quarters of a mile to our right and front, occupying a high ridge of ground covered with timber, and deployed a part of each company forward abut one-quarter of a mile as skirmishers, holding about half of each company on the highest part of the ridges as reserves. From this position the surrounding country for some distance was in plain view, and from the surrounding country for some distance was in plain view, and from the disposition made of the two companies our right was amply secured from surprise by any flank movement of the enemy on our right. Shortly after this disposition had bee made of my two companies the artillery on our front and left commenced firing, which continued until about 6 p.m.

At or about this time I received orders from you through your assistant adjutant-general, Captain Scott, for me to form my regiment and march to the front, which order I complied with as promptly as possible. I marched to the front and near the Sixteenth Indiana Battery and was then halted by your command, as I suppose, for some minutes and until I received orders to march to the front and on the right of the Second Massachusetts Regiment. I immediately marched to the front and right to again my position in compliance with the above order. As soon as I had gained the desired position I halted the regiment and formed line of battle in an open field about 300 yards in front of the foot of the ridge in our front, which was covered with a thick undergrowth and heavy timber. About the time I commenced forming my regiment into line the Third Wisconsin Regiment, or six companies of it, that had been brought into the action some time previous, fell back out of

