
of the enemy marching in column by companies a little in front of my line and within 20 steps of my right. I immediately gave the order to my right to change front by the right flank and by file right, which order was obeyed by Company A only. The enemy opened a very heavy fire upon us. My regiment was soon compelled to fall back a second time, and was not rallied until we had retreated to the creek in the bottom. At this point again you in person (and I noticed Captain Wilkins, assistant adjutant-general, of General Williams' staff, and Captain Scott) assisted me in rallying the regiment. From this point I was ordered by you to fall back on my original position.

There are many cases of individual bravery, and especially among my non-commissioned officers, that I might mention. The whole conduct of my regiment and officers transpired under your own personal observation, so far as it was possible for one man to observe. I therefore forbear making any special mention of it.

Inclosed is a list of casualties of the regiment during the action.*

Your obedient servant,

S. COLGROVE,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

General GEORGE H. GORDON,

Commanding Third Brigade, Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

No. 11. Report of Brigadier General Christopher C. Augur, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 10, 1862.

MAJOR:I desire respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of my division in the battle of Cedar Mountain up to 7 o'clock p.m., the time I was wounded and left the field:

My division consisted of Generals Geary's, Prince's, and Greene's brigades, composed as follows: Geary's brigade, of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, detached during the march to Cedar [Thoroughfare] Mountain and not engaged in that affair; the Fifth, Seventh, Twenty-ninth, and Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, and Knap's battery; total enlisted men, 1,121. Prince's brigade-battalion of Eighth and Twelfth Regulars, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, the Third Maryland Volunteers, and Robinson's battery, Fourth Maine; total enlisted men, 1435. Greene's brigade, of the Third Delaware Volunteers, detached at Front Royal; the Purnell Legion, Maryland Volunteers, detached at Warrenton and Warrenton Junction; the Sixtieth New York, detached at Warrenton Springs, leaving only the Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers and a battalion of the First District Volunteers, and McGilvery's battery, Sixth Maine, engaged in the battle; total enlisted men, 457. The number of enlisted men of the division actually on the field was therefore about 3,013.

As my division came upon the field I was directed to place it on the left of Crawford's brigade and toward Cedar Mountain. Subsequently Crawford's brigade joined his division on the right of the line, and I was directed to move my command to place it in two lines, with its

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.137.

---------------

