
gallantly and efficiently attending to his brigade. I sent my adjutant-general, Captain Halstead, to report to General Prince, and say that he was in command of the division.

The subsequent operations of the division will be reported by General Greene, who, with his little command, so persistently held the enemy in check on our left, and who, after the capture of General Prince, succeeded to the command of the division. I am most happy to report that up to the time I left the field I saw no instances of bad conduct on the part of the officers or soldiers; that, quite to the contrary, I saw nothing but coolness and determation. To Generals Geary, Prince, and Green I am under great obligations for their intelligent and active co-operation, and for the skill and gallantry with which they managed their commands. General Geary was severely wounded; and General Prince, after losing his entire staff, and being the only mounted officer near him, went to another part of the field for orders, was surrounded and captured by the enemy. To Captain Pitcher, Eighth Infantry, great credit is due for his skillful and effective management of his battalions of skirmishers, which, as have been seen, were of so serious an annoyance to the enemy. He was severely wounded in the knee. I respectfully recommend him to the favorable consideration of the general commanding and of the Government.

Of my own staff I cannot speak too highly. Captain Halsted, assistant adjutant-general, after being of the greatest service to me during the day reported, when I left the field to General Prince, and was subsequently captured. To Captains Cutting and Shaw, my aides-de-camp; to Captain Hodge, assistant quartermaster, and Captain Woodruff, commissary of subsistence, who, in addition to their proper duties, which were efficiently performed, acted as my aides-de-camp on the field, I am greatly indebted for their activity and for their intelligent transmission of orders throughout the day. Exposed to every variety of fire as their duties required, the labored faithfully, actively, and efficiently to aid me in every possible way. To the commanders of batteries, Captain Knap, Pennsylvania; McGilvery and Robinson, Maine, great credit is due for their skillful and active management of their respective batteries. Captain Knap testifies to the skill and bravery of Lieutenant Geary, Pennsylvania, and Lieutenants Cushing and Howard, Fourth Artillery, and of his men generally. Captain Robinson speaks particularly of the good conduct of his first sergeant, H. C. Haynes, and Captain McGilvery speaks the same of his officers and men. Captain Anderson, Twelfth Infantry, speaks in the highest terms of the conduct of Captain Quimby, Twelfth Infantry, severely wounded; Lieutenant Andrews, Eighth Infantry, slightly wounded; Noble, Eighth Infantry; Perkins and Fisher, Twelfth Infantry. He also especially desires to call attention to the gallant services of Sergeants Higgins, McMenamir, Lathrop, and O'Connor, Eighth Infantry, and Sergeants Liscum and Lawrence, Canavan and Byrne, of the Twelfth Infantry. General Greene makes especial mention of the efficient services of his assistant adjutant-general, Captain C. P. Horton, and of his aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Shipman, Sixtieth Regiment New York Volunteers. General Prince speaks in the highest and most feeling terms of his staff, two of whom were killed (Captains Green and Tennatt), and the other, Captain Haskell, severely wounded.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. AUGUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Banks' Corps.

