
times their number, were being terribly cut up, but retained their ground, closing up their decimated ranks, and still pressing toward the enemy. Seeing their condition I ordered the Fifth and Twenty-ninth Ohio of their support. They promptly answered the command, the Twenty-ninth passing immediately to the support of the Seventh and the Fifth passing to the left of the Sixty-sixth.

At this period a ball struck me on the ankle, and almost at the same instant a ball passed through my left arm. I was compelled to leave the field, and the command of the brigade devolved on Colonel Charles Candy.

JNO. W. GEARY.

General AUGUR,

Commanding Second Division, Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

No. 13. Report of Captain Joseph M. Knap, Battery E, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS KNAP'S PENNSYLVANIA BATTERY,Near Culpeper, Va., August 14, 1862.

COLONEL: On Friday, 8th instant, I was ordered by General Crawford, commanding brigade at Culpeper, to move at 4 p.m. in advance of his brigade with four guns. We took a position on an eminence to the left of the Orange road, some 400 yards beyond Cedar Run, and remained there all night, nothing occurring until 12 m. on Sunday, the 9th instant.

At the time above mentioned the enemy opened upon our advance cavalry with two batteries, one of which (1 1/4 miles to the front and left of our position) I was ordered to reply to. A few shots from my battery, together with two or three from a section of Reomer's Second New York, under my command, soon silenced the enemy's guns, causing them to change their position.

At 1.30 p.m. General Geary's brigade arrived and took position on my left, Lieutenant Geary's section of artillery being posted on the right of the brigade. A section of Captain Best's battery, Lieutenant Cushing, was assigned to me, and took position on the left of Lieutenant Howard's section, Second New York Battery.

At 2.30 p.m. the enemy opened with two batteries, about a mile distant, upon our position, and in less than twenty minutes four additional batteries were unmasked, all apparently concentrating their fire on our artillery. The enemy's line of batteries extended in a crescent shape for about 2 1/2 miles on elevated ground, and at distances from our batteries varying from 1,500 to 2,500 yards. A continual fire from both sides was kept up, the enemy occasionally changing the position of their batteries, until 5.30 p.m., when our infantry moved forward on the right, charging upon and silencing the two batteries on the enemy's left, which had produced the most effect upon our artillery. We were then ordered to devote our attention to the enemy's right flank, and fire on their infantry whenever it was practicable.

The enemy's artillery ceased firing about dusk, when I was ordered by Captain C. L. Best, chief of artillery, to fall back and take another position, my ammunition, with the exception of canister, having been expended. I took position about 1 mile to the rear of my first, and remained there all night. Owing to the nature of the ground I was

11 R R-VOL XII, PT II

