
unable to shift my position materially during the entire engagement. I was forced to leave to caissons on the field, empty and disabled, one of which has been recovered.

My loss in men was 1 killed and 7 wounded, and in horses 14 killed and disabled.

One gun was disabled late in the action by a cannon-shot, but was brought off the field. No ammunition fell into the enemy's hands.

In conclusion, it gives me great pleasure to testify to the gallant conduct and bearing of my men and those of Lieutenants Howard's and Cushing's sections, temporarily under my command, and to the bravery and skill displayed by Lieutenants Geary, McGill, Cushing, and Howard, and acting Lieutenant Dunlevy.

The amount of shell expended by my battery (six 10-pounder Parrotts) was 980.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. M. KNAP,

Captain Commanding Pa. Bat., attached to First Brigadier, Second Div.

Colonel CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Second Army Corps.

No. 14. Reports of Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, August 11, 1862.

SIR: We left Culpeper about 9 a.m. Saturday (9th), and reached the field of action, 8 miles distant, about 2 p.m.; took position on the left; stacked arms and rested; were shortly afterward ordered to support a battery, which was in position in the center. After about an hour were ordered to advance, taking about 300 men into the engagement. While advancing we passed the Twelfth Regulars lying in a ravine, and only about 150 came out at the close of the fight, which was about dark. We had 1 field officer, 13 line officers, and 95 men killed and wounded.*

Respectfully, yours,

JNO. H. PATRICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel CANDY,

Sixty-sixth Ohio Vols., Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VETERAN VOLUNTEERS, April 10, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with orders from the general commanding division I have the honor to forward the official report of the part taken by my command in the battle of Cedar Mountain, August 9, 1862:

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Culpeper, Va., August 13, 1862.

In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to transmit a record concerning our action in battle near Culpeper, Va., August 9, 1862:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.137.

---------------

