
We left Culpeper Saturday morning, the 8th instant, and marched a distance of about 8 miles, and arrived at the scene of action about 2 o'clock. We halted in front of the enemy's right, stacked arms, and rested about an hour. In the mean time the artillery had opened fire on both sides, and I think that our artillery opened the fire. We were then ordered by General Geary to support a battery which was in position on our center. On arriving there our brigade, or rather that part comprising General Tyler's old brigade (the other part, consisting of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, had left on the road), was divided, the Sixty-sixth and Seventh Ohio formed the first line of support, the Fifth and Twenty-ninth Ohio the second, 50 paces in the rear. We were ordered to advanced and gained equal distance in front.

We lay there until about 6 o'clock, having been shelled briskly from the commencement up to that time. The infantry were then ordered to advance. We kept advancing until we crossed a corn field. Our front was then clear, the troops in front having flanked to the right in advancing through the corn field. There was a road or ravine where we found a regiment of regulars (the Twelfth, I believe), all lying down. I tried to get them to advance. Our regiment called them cowards, and walked over them. After leaving the corn field we received the first round of grape and canister. We advanced farther until we reached a small mound. By this time we were the only regiment holding the open field, the others having flanked to the right that were on our right, and the regiment that came up on our left, after we had advanced through the corn field, only fired one volley, and retired immediately, the officer commanding leading them off the field.

The enemy by this time had been forced to retire, and if we had been re-enforced we would have driven them from the field. From some unexplained reason we were left to the kind mercy of the enemy, who seemed to know their business, and brought another brigade into action against us, no doubt with the intention of making a finish of the few brave men remaining on the field. We went into action with about 275 men, and lost in killed, wounded, and missing 122.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps.

No. 15. Report of Colonel William R. Creighton, Seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,In Field near Culpeper Court-House, August 9, 1862.

SIR: I would respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Cedar Creek, Saturday, August 9, 1862:

At about 8 o'clock a.m. we moved forward, by order of Brigadier-General Geary, commanding the brigade, a distance of 8 miles, suffering greatly from the scarcity of water and the intense heat, from the effect of which a number of men were fatally sun-struck. We took position in rear of Knap's battery, on the west side of Cedar Creek,

