
forming in line of battle nearly due north and south, and remained there until 3.30 p.m., when we changed position by the right flank to support the right-center battery. In that position we remained about an hour, when we received orders to advance in line of battle. We moved forward about 200 yards, and were ordered to halt and await further orders. In the mean time we were exposed to a terrible cross-fire from rebel batteries, when we lost several men killed and wounded. We remained there about an hour, when we advanced to support the line of skirmishers thrown out by the enemy, then advancing in force in line of battle. We were soon in range of their infantry, and became hotly engaged. We held our position until relieved by the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, when, closing my decimated ranks, I moved off the field by the right of column to the rear, and halted on the summit of a hill on the east side of Cedar Creek. Being wounded in the left side and arm, I was compelled to retire and leave the command of the regiment to the senior officer in the field.

At about 9 o'clock p.m. we moved forward toward Cedar Creek, being detailed for picket duty. When within a short distance of the creek our advance was challenged, but giving no answer, we received volleys from right, left, and front, compelling us to retire under the cover of the woods, and falling back 1 mile we bivouacked for the night.

I cannot speak too highly of the officers and men. Every one was at his post, and nobly did each one do his duty.

Number of field, line, and staff officers in action; 14; number of enlisted men taken into action, 293; field and staff officers wounded, 2; line officers killed, 3; wounded, 5; enlisted men killed, 34; wounded, 146.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. R. CREIGHTON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

CHARLES CANDY,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., 2nd Corps Army of Va.

No. 16. Report of Captain Wilbur F. Stevens, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Culpeper Court-House, Va., August 14, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order of this date I have the honor to make the following report of the Twenty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late action near Cedar Mountain, August 9:

I went into the fight with 9 commissioned officers and 180 enlisted men. We were formed in rear of the Seventh Ohio Regiment for the support of a battery stationed on a slight elevation of ground direct to our front. The battery was moved in a short time, and we were left for the support of another battery, stationed to our left. Afterward we moved to the front for the support of the Seventh Ohio Regiment, we coming up on their left. We then opened fire on the enemy, who were on a slight hill beyond the corn field and in the woods to our right. Here we received their fire from both the above-named places. They

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.137.

---------------

