
finally gave way direct in front, and we moved forward and occupied the ground on the hill beyond the corn field, we receiving the same cross-fire (from the woods and to the front). Our support on extreme right giving way, and we fearing our small squad would be captured, fell back to the right of our first position near the battery. Night coming on we fell back to the woods in our rear.

During the engagement my men behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery. No man left the field unless he was wounded or ordered to assist a wounded man back to the rear, and then return to his place in the ranks. We retired in as good order as could be expected, as our numbers were greatly diminished, they being either killed or wounded or assisting our wounded to the rear. During the engagement I had my horse shot, which I was obliged to leave.

The above is respectfully submitted.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. F. STEVENS,

Captain, Commanding Twenty-ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Colonel CANDY,

Sixty-sixth Ohio, Commanding First Brigade.

No. 17. Report of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFTY., U. S. A.,Camp near Culpeper Court-House, Va., August 11, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance to circular, dated Headquarters Second Division, Second Corps d'Armee, Army of Virginia, I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late action of Saturday, August 9, near Culpeper Court-House, Va.:

The regiment left camp at Culpeper Court-House, Va., in company with the remainder of the brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Geary; arrived on the field, and took position on the left of the Seventh Ohio, the line running, as near as can be ascertained, due north and south. Remained in that position about an hour; then ordered to move to the right and change position in rear of batteries almost perpendicular to our original front, which was done at a double-quick. Took position in rear of batteries; remained about an hour; ordered to advance; moved 200 or 300 yards and commenced firing; ordered to halt; laid down in corn field and remained in that position near an hour; ordered to advance, firing on the enemy's skirmishers, which was done. As soon as the troops on the right and left commenced falling back I ordered my regiment to fall back firing, no one being present to give any orders and no support in view. After falling back some 10 or 15 yards I again ordered the advance; advanced beyond our original line some 10 or 20 yards. This was repeated several times; again fell back firing. Upon finding out that the enemy had our range, and with grape and shell were mowing down the brave men under my command, I fell back to the woods on this side of the creek, bringing with me but about 60 men left of my entire regiment. Upon coming out I found a squall of the Fifth, Seventh, and Twenty-ninth Ohio formed, waiting for some one to give them orders what to do. I was here informed that General Geary had been wounded in the

