
early part of the engagement, and immediately reported to Major-General Banks for instructions. Was ordered by him to take position on the right of General Greene's brigade, at the edge of the timber this side of the Run (Cedar Creek); started to take position as ordered, throwing out an advance guard of 10 men, under command of Captain Van Deman, Sixty-sixth Ohio. He advanced, throwing out his advance guard as skirmishers. Upon their arrival at the edge of the timber they were ordered to halt and deliver up their arms. At that instant my command was fired upon by a strong party concealed in the timber. My regiment of about 60 men, being in the advance, received their fire, which wounded 1 captain, 3 lieutenants, and quite a number of the enlisted men. After returning their fire back and reported the facts to General Pope, commanding, who ordered me to place my men where they could rest for the night.

From the reports received by the acting adjutant of the regiment we went into the action about 250 strong. My officers and men stood throughout the engagement under a galling fire of musketry, shell, and grape, obeying every order promptly and punctually. I have the honor to inclose herewith list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General GEORGE S. GREENE,

Commanding Second Div., Second Corps d'Armee, Army of Virginia.

No. 18. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hector Tyndale, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of reconnaissance to Thoroughfare Mountain.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-EIGHTH Regiment PA. VOLS.,Near Culpeper, Va., August 11, 1862.

COLONEL: On the 9th instant, being ordered by General Geary, i took this regiment on to Thoroughfare Mountain, 10 miles distant from this road, to retake possession and re-establish the signal station, driven thence by the enemy's cavalry in the morning of that day. I found no signs of the rebels on the route, except some half a dozen scouts, who evaded the detail of 15 cavalry, under Lieutenant Lydy, of Captain Kerr's company, First West Virginia Regiment, who accompanied me, which scouts ran across the country to the southward. En route I learned that the enemy was in large force at a point say 3 miles southeast from Thoroughfare Mountain and about 2 miles from my road. I found Colonel Cluseret, with brigade, at James City. On yesterday morning my command returned, by order of Major-General Banks, and I reported to you in person in the afternoon.

The casualties of the road were as follows: One of the cavalry slightly shot in the hand by a concealed guerrilla, and 2 men of same corps missing, supposed to be captured while carrying a message for me. Of the men of this regiment left behind on guard of brigade ammunition train 1 was killed and 1 slightly wounded. Another, reported

---------------

*Nominal list here omitted shows 11 killed, 79 wounded, and 1 missing. But see revised statement, p.137.

---------------

