
killed, who, being unwell, fell behind the regiment, returned to this road and entered the fight in another regiment.

The total number of this regiment present yesterday after the march was 1,034, or one less than the number beginning the march, as already stated.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HECTOR TYNDALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twenty-eighth Regiment Pa. Vols.

Colonel CANDY,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps.

No. 19. Report of Brigadier General Henry Prince, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

WASHINGTON, November 10, 1862.

SIR: A prisoner of war, detained until recently, I have not had an opportunity before to report the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Cedar Mountain, Culpeper, Va., August 9, 1862. I respectfully request permission to do so now.

My command was the Second Brigade of the Second Division, Second Army Corps, Army of Virginia, consisting of the following five battalions, of equal strength, viz: A battalion of the Eight and Twelfth U. S. Infantry, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania, Third Maryland, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania, and One hundred and second New York Regiments of Volunteers; also the Fourth Maine Battery of Artillery and a company of cavalry.

We marched from Culpeper Court-House before noon of the date referred to in the division column, following the First Brigade and taking the main road southward. The booming of artillery in front indicated that the march proposed was not a long one, an impression which was the more pleasing to the troops, as it was the warmest day of the season. Six miles from Culpeper a strip of woodland, stretching across the road and reaching to some distance from it on either side, furnished a shade, in which the troops rested and obtained water. During the half for these purposes they were informed that the brigade was about to leave the road for the purpose of meeting the enemy, and every one was excepted to keep his place. After passing through the wood and filing to the left we followed down a small run three-fourths of a mile, crossed it, and halted in its hollow to wait for orders.

At this time the cannonade became continuous, and both sides were placing more batteries. In a few minutes I received from division headquarters the following orders nearly simultaneously: To detach the battalion of the Eighth and Twelfth Infantry, with instructions to report to division headquarters to relieve with the Fourth Maine Battery the battery on the hill near by; to form the remainder of the brigade with two lines, and place it on the left of Geary's brigade, already in line. These orders being promptly complied with the lines were then rectified, so as to take advantage of the slight inequality of the smooth ground, on which for several hours they faced the cannonade which ensued with but few casualties, three persons in each line being wounded slightly, among whom was Colonel Stainrook; also two horses were

