
Liscum, Lawrence, Canavan, and Byrne, of the Twelfth. I was attended by three of my staff, whose gallantry cannot be too highly commended. They rendered me valuable assistance, and are all of them borne on the list of most serious casualties.

Captain Thomas H. Green, aide-de-camp and acting assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff, whose courage and bearing were of the highest stamp, was detached by me near the close of the day, and was undoubtedly killed while in the execution of his duty, though I am obliged to report him missing.

Captain George F. Tennatt, aide-de-camp, fell from his horse mortally wounded by a Minie ball passing through the bridle hand and through the body while advancing toward the enemy in the execution of his duty. His deportment and his death were alike heroic.

Lieutenant L. F. Haskell, Fifth Regiment Missouri Volunteers, aide-de-camp, was severely wounded by a Minie ball through the thigh. He remained on the field until it totally disabled him, near the close of the day.

I shall always be ready to render appropriate testimony respecting all who were engaged, but I cannot pretend in this report to do justice to individuals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY PRINCE,

Brigadier-General Volunteers.

Lieutenant Colonel LOUIS H. PELOUZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 20. Report of Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Third Corps.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF VA., August 14, 1862.

COLONEL: Agreeably to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the late engagement near Cedar Mountain:

On Friday,the 8th instant, the division was ordered from camp north of Culpeper, and took position on the Orange road, near its junction with the road leading to Stevensburg, and remained there until ordered forward about 5 p.m. on the 9th, reaching the field about 7 o'clock. The division was immediately directed to relieve the right of General Banks' corps, which was done by forming line of battle-Tower's brigade on the right, Carroll's on the left, Hartsuff's brigade in close column of division in rear of Tower's, and Durea's in rear of Carroll's; two batteries of artillery-Leppien's and Matthews'-on the right, and two batteries-Thompson's and Hall's-toward the left and center.

This arrangement was being rapidly completed when the enemy advanced a battery near a point of woods to our left in close range and opened a brisk fire, followed by discharges of infantry. Hall's battery had formed, Thompson's camp into action while receiving the enemy's fire, and both replied with such good effect as to cause the withdrawal of the enemy, leaving us in undisturbed possession of the field for the night. The excellent practice of the artillery and the general good conduct of the division are deserving of praise.

