
I herewith submit the reports of brigade commanders, chief of artillery, and the colonel commanding Firs Maine Cavalry, who was temporarily allotted to General Bayard's brigade, the casualties amounting to 103 killed, wounded, and missing, according to the accompanying list.*

In this connection I must knowledge the attention and zeal of my staff, Surg. N. R. Moseley, medical director; Major D. Tillson, chief of artillery; Major William Painter, division quartermaster; Captain J. W. Williams, assistant adjutant-general; Captain William Fisher, aide-de-camp; Captain B. W. Richards, aide-de-cam, who each rendered important services in his appropriate duties.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

No. 21. Report of Major Davis Tillson, Chief of Artillery, Second Division.
HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 3rd ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Cedar Mountain, Va., August 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from these headquarters, calling for reports as to the part taken by the different commands during the late engagement with the enemy, I have the honor to make the following statement of the operations of the field batteries of this division:

Immediately upon their arrival near the scene of action, just in rear of the woods through which General Banks' army was retiring, by direction of General Ricketts the Fifth Maine Battery, Captain Leppien, and Battery F, First Pennsylvania, Captain Matthews, were placed near the residence of Mrs. Brown, taking positions to command the right and front, and supported by General Tower's brigade.

The Second Maine Battery, Captain Hall, was placed on the right of the road leading through the woods to the rear, covering the interval between General Carroll's and General Duryea's brigades.

The Second Maryland Battery,+ Captain Thompson, was to have been posted on the left of General Hartsuff's brigade, but before it arrived there one of the enemy's batteries, that from behind the woods had been shelling the division while it was getting into position, stealthily emerged from the woods along the road over which General Banks' column had just passed to the rear, and covered by the darkness of the evening and the shadow of the woods, took up a position immediately in front of our forces, whose first intimation of their presence was the opening upon them by the enemy of a most galling fire of canister and case shot.

Captain Hall, whose position was fortunately well chosen, immediately brought his guns to bear, and opened fire upon the enemy. Captain Thompson quickly placed his guns in battery on Captain Hall's

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.139.

+More properly Battery C, Pennsylvania Light Artillery.

---------------

