
left, and both batteries poured in upon the enemy a fire that for precision and rapidity could not have been surpassed.

Within fifteen minutes the enemy's battery was completely silenced, disabled, and driven from the field. The next morning 2 lieutenants of artillery were found dead on the spot occupied the evening before by the enemy's battery, with abundant evidence that they had suffered terribly in killed and wounded. Eleven dead horses were piled up within a few rods' square, and 8 more were found dead along the road upon which the enemy retreated, together with a disabled caisson.

During an interview held under a flag of truce Major-General Stuart, of the Confederate Army, informed General Bayard that the first discharge of our battery on the right (Captain Hall's) killed the rebel General Winder.

Only 2 men were wounded in our batteries, Corpl. Cyrus T. Barker and Private William J. Collamore, both slightly. The former, after being wounded, refused to go the rear, but assisted in working his gun until the close of the action.

The vigorous and well-directed fire from Captains Hall's and Thompson's batteries discouraged the enemy and drove him back in confusion, ending the contest.

The steadiness and cool courage of the officers and men of the batteries in taking up their position while being shelled by the enemy are worthy of the highest commendation. Very few, if any of them, had been under fire before, yet they bore themselves with the steadiness of veterans.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVIS TILLSON,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Third Army Corps.

Captain JOHN W. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rickett's Division.

No. 22. Report of Brigadier General Abram Duryea, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., 3rd ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VA., August 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this brigade took up the line of march for the scene of action at Slaughter Mountain on the evening of the 9th instant at 4 o'clock p.m., arriving on the field about 7 o'clock. When within about 1,000 yards of the enemy he opened upon the column from a battery within a wood with solid shot and shell, causing a panic among the wagon and ambulance drivers, who turned their horses and fled toward the rear. The troops, however, remained firm, conducting themselves admirably.

The shot at this point passed over us, doing little damage. We continued our march along the road until we arrived within 500 yards of the enemy, filing to the right into a corn field. The enemy then poured in a volley, which killed a captain of the Twelfth Massachusetts, who was in close proximity, and wounded 8 or 10 of my command.

We progressed in our march under fire until we obtained a supporting position to Thompson's and Hall's batteries. These batteries soon

