
adjutant-general, where my command was to be placed, I marched them to it, receiving while going to the position and for some time after arriving there the fire of a battery of the enemy at less than 300 yards. Two of my regiments became temporarily separated from the rest by the confusion ensuing on the unexpected fire, but remained perfectly unbroken, and soon after joined me. I first took position in close column by division about 250 yards in rear of the center of General Tower's line, and when the fire of the enemy's battery was directed toward my position I moved my brigade a few yards beyond the crest of a hill, which sheltered them from the fire, and changed my direction so as to face the fire. In this position I remained until 3.30 a.m., when by General McDowell's directions I moved about half a mile to the rear.

A list of the casualties from the enemy's fire was sent to division headquarters to-day, of which the following is a summary: Two killed, 11 wounded, 4 missing. Total, 17.

Officers and men behaved under the unexpected and close fire with very commendable coolness; ranks were unbroken, and there was no confusion.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Brigadier-General.

Captain WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 25. Report of Colonel Samuel S. Carroll, Eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, August 13, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with a circular from division headquarters of this date I have the honor to make the following report:

The Fourth Brigade was on the evening of the 9th instant, between the hours of 9 and 10 p.m., in line of battle on the left of the division of artillery. The position was barely taken, and skirmishers were being thrown into the woods on our front, when the enemy opened a battery on the left of our front about 50 yards distant, throwing grape and canister into that flank, accompanied with musketry firing. The two regiments on the left flank returned the fire, and fell back under cover of a fence running perpendicular to the line of battle, intersecting it at the center of the brigade. We remained in this position only a few minutes, until ordered by Major-General McDowell to occupy a new position more to the right, after which there was no further attack made upon us, and we remained quiet until morning.

Yesterday I forwarded to division headquarters a list of the killed, wounded, and missing,* and to-day the brigade surgeon has sent in his report to the medical director of the division.

Sir, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,S. S. CARROLL, U. S. A.,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Captain JOHN W. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.139.

---------------

