
[Inclosure B.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, IN THE FIELD,August 29, 1862 - 4.30 p. m.

Major-General PORTER:

Your line of march brings you in on the enemy's right flank. I desire you to push forward into action at once on the enemy's flank and, if possible, on his rear, keeping your right in communication with General Reynolds. The enemy is massed in the woods in front of us, but can be shelled out as soon as [you] engage their flank. Keep heavy reserves and use your batteries, keeping well closed to your right all the time. In case you are obliged to fall back, do so to your right and rear, so as to keep you in close communication with the right wing.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure C.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, IN THE FIELD,Near Bull Run, Va., August 29, 1862 - 8.50 p. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

GENERAL: Immediately upon receipt of this order, the precise hour of receiving which you will acknowledge, you will march your command to the field of battle of to day and report to me in person for orders. You are to understand that you are expected to comply strictly with this order, and to be present on the field within three hours after its reception or after daybreak to-morrow morning.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure D.]

BALL'S CROSS-ROADS, VA., September 3, 1862.

Was ordered to Centreville by Major-General Pope on Saturday, August 30. General Griffin arrived there with his command at 11 o'clock, coming from the direction of Manassas Junction. He moved his brigade to the north of the town, halted it, and came to General Pope's headquarters, where he remained one hour, conversing with Lieutenant-Colonel Myers and myself. During this conversation Lieutenant-Colonel Myers asked him several times why his (General Griffin's) brigade was not in the fight. General Griffin replied, "Never mind; I do not care." He said that he was tired of being commanded by staff officers, and asked what Pope had ever done that he should be made a major-general. Also spoke disrespectfully and sneeringly of other superior officers; said that he had heard that morning that General McClellan was to take command; hoped that it was true. He then rode off toward his command, and about two hours after sent an officer to ask whether he could get shoes for his men.

SPEED BUTLER,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

[Indorsement.]

Forwarded to Colonel Holt, Judge-Advocate-General, U. S. Army.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

