
Hill (A. P.), though at Orange Court-House yesterday morning, having encamped in a mile of the town on the other side, reported last night that he was not more than a mile on this side, thus making only 2 miles yesterday. Ewell's division, which is near this point (12 miles from Culpeper Court-House) and in front, marched about 8 miles. Yesterday was oppressively hot; several men had sun-strokes. Hill's division is too large; I will reduce it by at least the Louisiana Brigade. To-day I do not expect much more than to close up and clear the country around the train of the enemy's cavalry. I fear that the expedition will, in consequence of my tardy movements, be productive of but little good. My plan was to have been at Culpeper Court-House this forenoon. Should I learn that Burnside has gone in the direction of Richmond I will try to cut him off. Scouts were sent out yesterday to ascertain. Orders have been given that Pope's officers captured yesterday be kept in close confinement. Bayard commanded the enemy's camp, leaving some stores (quartermaster's, commissary, and ordnance) behind. The enemy's infantry, from reports brought in last night, is about 5 miles in front; his cavalry near ours.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Major-General.

General R. E. LEE.
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 4, 1863.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,A. A. and I. G., Hdqrs. Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I forward herewith my official report of the battle of Cedar Run and accompanying reports of others officers.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON.

[Inclosure.]

HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 4, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit to you a report of the operations of my command in the battle of Cedar Run, on August 9, 1862:

Intelligence having reached the commanding general that Gordonsville was endangered by the approach of the enemy, I was ordered to move in that direction with Ewell's and Jackson's division from my position on the Mechanicsville turnpike, near Richmond. I arrived near Gordonsville on July 19. From information received respecting the strength of the opposing Federal army, under General Pope, I requested the commanding general to re-enforce me. He accordingly sent forward Major General A. P. Hill, with his division.

On August 2, while Colonel (now Brigadier General) W. E. Jones, by direction of Brigadier-General Robertson, was moving with the Seventh Virginia Cavalry to take charge of picket posts on the Rapidan, he received intelligence before he reached Orange Court-House that the enemy was in possession of the town. Finding the man street filled with

