
Federal cavalry, Colonel Jones boldly charged the head of the Federal column, while its flank was attacked by another portion of the regiment, under Major Marshall. Both attacks were successful, and the enemy was hastily driven from the town; but as our cavalry was vastly outnumbered it was soon after forced to fall back, in consequence of the enemy's greatly superior force in front and the fire from his flanking parties. Upon Colonel Jones' subsequent show of resistance, near where the engagement commenced, the enemy retired a short distance, and about an hour afterward retreated. While Colonel Jones was gallantly leading his men in the charge he received a saber wound. I regret to say that during the engagement Major Marshall was captured.

Having received information that only part of General Pope's army was at Culpeper Court-House, and hoping, through the blessing of Providence, to be able to defeat it before re-enforcements should arrive there, Ewell's, Hill's, and Jackson's divisions were moved on the 7th in the direction of the enemy from their respective encampments near Gordonsville.

On the morning of the 8th the enemy's cavalry north of the Rapidan was driven back by ours, under Brigadier-General Robertson. Our cavalry pursued the enemy's on the direct road from Barnett's Ford to Culpeper Court-House and was followed by the other troops, Ewell's division leading. As the Federal cavalry subsequently displayed unusual activity, and, from reports received by me, was seriously endangering the train of Jackson's division, I directed General Lawton to guard it with his brigade. He was thus thrown in rear of the division and prevented from taking part in the battle of the following day.

On the 9th, as we arrived within about 8 miles of Culpeper Court-House, we found the enemy in our front, near Cedar Run, and a short distance west and north of Slaughter Mountain. When first seen his cavalry in large force occupied a ridge to the right of the road. A battery under Lieutenant Terry opened upon the cavalry, which soon forced it to retire. Our fire was responded to by some guns beyond the ridge from which the Federal advance had just been driven. Soon after this the enemy's cavalry returned to the position where it was first seen. General Early was ordered forward, keeping near the Culpeper road, while General Ewell, with his two remaining brigades-Trimble's and Hays', the latter commanded by Colonel Forno-diverged from the road General Early, forming his brigade in line of battle, moved into the open field, and passing a short distance to the right of the road, but parallel to it, pushed forward, driving the Federal cavalry before him to the crest of a hill, along which the enemy's batteries were posted. In his front the country was for some distance open and broken. A corn field, and to the left of it a wheat field, upon which the shocks were yet standing, extended to the opposite hill, which was covered with timber. So soon as Early reached the eminence described the Federal batteries were opened upon him. Large bodies of cavalry were seen in the wheat field to the left. General Early having retired his troops under the protection of the hill, Captain Brown, with one piece, and Captain Dement, with three pieces, of artillery planted their guns in advance of his right and opened a rapid and well-directed fire upon the Federal batteries. By this time General Winder, with Jackson's division, had arrived, and after having disposed Campbell's brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett commanding, to the left, under cover of the wood, near the wheat field; Taliaferro's

