
brigade parallel to the road, in rear of the batteries of Poague, Carpenter, and Caskie, then being placed near the road, under the direction of Major Andrews, chief of artillery of the division, and Winder's brigade, Colonel Ronald commanding, as a reserve, he was proceeding to direct, with his usual skill and coolness, the movements of these batteries, when he was struck by a shell, from which he expired in a few hours.

It is difficult within the proper reserve of an official report to do justice to the merits of this accomplished officer. Urged by the medical director to take no part in the movements of the day because of the then enfeebled state of his health, his ardent patriotism and military pride could bear no such restraint. Richly endowed with those qualities of mind and person which fit an officer for command and which attract the admiration and excite the enthusiasm of troops, he was rapidly rising to the front rank of his profession. His loss has been severely felt.

The command of Jackson's division now devolved upon Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro, whose brigade during the remainder of the action was commanded by Colonel A. G. Taliaferro.

In the mean time General Ewell, with the brigades of Trimble and Hays, reached the northwest termination of Slaughter Mountain, and upon an elevated spot, about 200 feet above the valley below, had planted Latimer's guns, which opened with marked effect upon the enemy's batteries. For some two hours a rapid and continuous fire of artillery was kept up on both sides. Our batteries were well served and damaged the enemy seriously. Especial credit is due to Major Andrews for the success and gallantry with which his guns were directed until he was severely wounded and taken from the field.

About 5 o'clock the enemy threw forward his skirmishers through the corn field and advanced his infantry, until then concealed in the woods, to the rear and left of his batteries. Another body of infantry, apparently debouching from one of those valleys hid from the view by the undulating character of the country, moved upon Early's right, which rested near a clump of cedars, where the guns of Brown and Dement were posted. The infantry fight soon extended to the left and center. Early became warmly engaged with the enemy on his right and front. He had previously called for re-enforcements. As General Hill had arrived with his division, one of his brigades (General Thomas') was sent to Early, and joined him in time to render efficient service. While the attack upon Early was in progress the main body of the Federal infantry moved down from the wood through the corn and wheat fields, and fell with great vigor upon our extreme left, and by the force of superior numbers, bearing down all opposition, turned it and poured a destructive fire into its rear. Campbell's brigade fell back in disorder. The enemy pushing forward, and the left flank of Taliaferro's brigade being by these movements exposed to a flank fire, fell back, as did also the left of Early's line, the remainder of his command holding its position with great firmness. During the advance of the enemy the rear of the guns of Jackson's division becoming exposed they were withdrawn. At this critical moment Branch's brigade, of Hill's division, with Winder's brigade, farther to the left, met the Federal forces, flushed with their temporary triumph, and drove them back with terrible slaughter through the wood. The fight was still maintained with obstinacy between the enemy and the two brigades just named, when, Archer and Pender coming up, a general charge was made, which drove the enemy across the field into the opposite wood,

