
one being from the Fifth Connecticut and another from the Twenty-eighth New York.

The official reports of the casualties of my command in this battle show a loss of 19 officers killed and 114 wounded, of non-commissioned officers and privates 204 killed and 949 wounded, with 31 missing, making 223 killed and 1,060 wounded; total loss of killed, wounded, and missing, 1,314. This loss was probably about one-half that sustained by the enemy.

I remained in position until the night of the 11th, when I returned to the vicinity of Gordonsville, in order to avoid being attacked by the vastly superior force in front of me, and with the hope that by thus falling back General Pope would be induced to follow me until I should be re-enforced.

The conduct of officers and men during the battle merits great praise.

My chief of artillery, Colonel S. Crutchfield, ably discharged his duties.

In the prompt transmission of orders great assistance was received from Major E. F. Paxton, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. S. Pendleton, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant J. K. Boswell, chief engineer; First Lieutenant J. G. Morrison, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant H. K. Douglas, acting inspector-general; First Lieutenant Thomas T. L. Snead, of the engineer corps, and Cols. William L. Jackson and A. R. Boteler, volunteers aides-de-camp.

The wounded received special attention from my medical director, Dr. Hunter McGuire.

The quartermaster's and commissary departments were well managed during the expedition by their respective chiefs, Majs. J. A. Harman and W. J. Hawks.

For further information respecting the detailed movement of troops and conduct of individual officers and men I would respectfully call your attention to the accompanying official reports of other officers.

Two maps,* by Mr. J. Hotchkiss-one of the route of the army during the expedition and the other of the battle-field-are transmitted herewith.

In order to render thanks to God for the victory at Cedar Run and other past victories and to implore His continued favor in the future divine service was held in the army on August 14.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

A. A. and I. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of Northern Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 12, 1862.

Major General THOMAS J. JACKSON,Commanding Valley District:

GENERAL: I congratulate you most heartily on the victory which God has granted you over our enemies at Cedar Run. The country owes you and your brave officers and soldiers a deep debt of gratitude. I hope your victory is but the precursor of others over our foe in that quarters, which will entirely break up and scatter his army. I mourn with you the loss of many gallant officers and men, and chief among

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

