
them that noble and accomplished officer and patriot General C. S. Winder.

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

No. 29. Report of Colonel S. Crutchfield, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY SECOND CORPS, March 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the artillery of his army corps in the battle of Cedar Run of August 9, 1862:

The road on which we advanced debouched from a piece of woods upon the immediate battle-field, which was open and somewhat broken, a brook running across it and the prolongation of the road, and making a small angle with our general line of battle. The advance of our troops was the division of Brigadier General C. S. Winder, and its artillery became first engaged. The enemy's batteries occupied rising ground to the right and beyond the mouth of the road, while is infantry extended from these batteries toward our left. About 2 p.m. a gun placed at the mouth of the road by Major R. S. Andrews, commanding the artillery of General Winder's division, opened on the enemy (his cavalry skirmishers and outposts had been previously driven in by Brigadier-General Early's brigade, which was just to the right of this point). The reply was immediate, and from this time the enemy kept up a sharp fire at this point as one near which our troops and batteries must pass in taking position. I found that to the right and front some 250 yards were rises in the ground favorable for positions for artillery. I therefore directed Major Andrews to move forward his rifled guns to these points. He moved out four rifled and one 12-pounder Napoleon; the latter and two rifles were from Captain Poague's battery, and the others from those of Captains Caskie and Carpenter. Their fire was directed against the enemy's batteries in order to protect the deployment of our infantry. They were excellently served, and so completely occupied the enemy's guns, about twelve in number, I think, that Major Andrews proposed to move one or two smooth-bore batteries farther down the road, and endeavor to enfilade the enemy's position. In trying to do this he was wounded, and the complexion of affairs just after prevented its subsequent execution.

Meanwhile the battery of Captain Latimer, which had moved with Major-General Ewell's division, had opened on the enemy from a position at the base of Slaughter Mountain far to our right, while the batteries of Captains Brown and Dement (the two comprising six guns) had position between the battery of Captain Latimer and those of Major Andrews. These two batteries were capitally served, and evidently damaged the enemy severely. Thus far the fight had been between the opposing artillery exclusively. At this time the enemy's infantry advanced in line of battle-that is, a regiment of them-through a corn field just beyond the brook and in front of Major Andrews' guns. Unable apparently to cross in this formation, they formed column of companies for the purpose. Just then Major Andrews turned his guns

