
upon them (for it was before he had been wounded), and opening with canister soon broke them. At this time Lieutenant Colonel R. L. Walker coming up with the artillery of Major General A. P. Hill's division, I directed him to place four rifled guns on the rising ground to Major Andrews' right. He placed them by sections-two from Captain Pegram's battery and two from Captain Fleet's, the latter under command of Lieutenant Hardy. These guns now were formed en echelon. Captain Pegram being in advance and to the right, next to him Lieutenant Hardy, while the guns from General Winder's division were farther to the left and something in advance of Lieutenant Hardy, giving an oblique fire across their front. At this moment the enemy's infantry advanced again in general line across the corn field, and Lieutenant-Colonel Walker's guns were turned on them exclusively. In a short time our infantry on the left of the road was apparently thrown into confusion and gave way. They enemy advancing, the rear of the guns of General Winders's division was exposed, and they were withdrawn by General Jackson's order. At the same time the enemy made a feeble effort to advance through and from the corn field, but a well-directed fire of canister from the guns of Captain Pegram and [Lieutenant] Hardy, supported by, I believe, the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, Colonel J. A. Walker, checked them, though their skirmishers got quite near under cover of the accidents of the ground. The temporary confusion on the left was soon overcome, and in a short time the enemy gave way, and our whole line advancing, the artillery moved along the road, unable to cross the brook in front through the fields. The pursuit continued until, having crossed the second brook, we came upon a large body of woods. It being deemed advisable to shell these before advancing farther, the batteries of Captains Pegram, Fleet, Braxton, and Latham were placed in position under Lieutenant-Colonel Walker some 80 or 100 yards distant, and a heavy fire opened in various directions. After a short time Captain Pegram's battery was ordered forward with an infantry brigade through these woods about a quarter of a mile. It took position just beyond and opened upon what was thought and proved to be the enemy's camp. A battery was soon opened in reply, and a heavy cannonade was the consequence for some time, causing Captain Pegram severe loss. His battery, however, retained its position until next morning, when it was withdrawn. We lost no pieces or caissons, but had two guns dismounted by the enemy's fire. We captured one 12-pounder Napoleon (spiked) and carriage and caisson, with two other caissons and a limber, all of which were brought off. The gun and caisson were sent to Richmond, one caisson exchanged into Captain Poague's battery, and the other caisson and limber also sent to Richmond.

It is due that I should call especial attention to the gallantry displayed by Major R. S. Andrews in this action. He was severely wounded, and in our withdrawal fell a prisoner into the hands of the enemy. Captain J. Carpenter, a most excellent officer, received a wound (from which he has since died) while fearlessly exposing himself in looking out a position for his battery.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

