
enemy. After having made report of my position to the commanding general I was ordered to permit the troops to rest for the night, which was done in advance of the field of battle.

From my own personal observation and the reports of officers it affords me pleasure to bear renewed testimony to the efficiency and gallantry of this veteran division.

The First Brigade fully sustained its ancient reputation. It captured a number of prisoners and four stand of colors. Colonel Ronald, who ably and gallantly commanded it, speaks in the highest terms of the support he received from the courage and zeal displayed by his officers and men. He particularly mentions Major Williams, Fifth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts, Second Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel R. D. Gardner, Fourth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel Edwin G. Lee, Thirty-third Virginia Regiment; Captain Charles L. Haynes, Twenty-seventh Virginia Regiment; Captains Carpenter and Poague, commanding batteries; Captain John H. Fulton, Fourth Virginia; Major Holliday, Thirty-third Virginia, and Lieutenant Garnett, of General Winder's staff.

The Second Brigade-commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Garnett, who exhibited a rare skill and courage, refusing to leave the field, although severely [wounded], until the close of the fight-although at one time overwhelmed by superior numbers, pressing and turning their left flank, yet renewed the fight with determination and bravery. The conflict of this command with the enemy was most severe. The bayonet was freely used and a hand-to-hand fight with superior numbers ensued before the right of the brigade fell back.

Colonel Garnett makes especial mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Cunningham, who with most heroic gallantry led the Twenty-first Virginia and fell at their head; of Major Lane, of the Forty-second Virginia, who was mortally wounded; of Major Seddon, commanding First Virginia Battalion; Captain Hannum, of the Forty-eighth Virginia; Captain Deyerle, Forty-second, mortally wounded; Captain Wilson, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Dabney, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant White, acting aide-de-camp.

The Third Brigade, Colonel A. G. Taliaferro, Twenty-third Virginia, commanding, was conducted into action by that officer with the intrepidity and courage which have heretofore distinguished him. His command was subjected to a terrific fire, which it gallantly withstood, and to a charge of cavalry, which it instantly repulsed, and when the left flank for a time gave way under an overwhelming force the right, and particularly the Twenty-third Virginia Regiment, which deserves especial mention for its firmness and admirable conduct in the engagement, remained unbroken.

Colonel Taliaferro particularly mentions Major Stover, commanding Tenth Virginia Regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, commanding Twenty-third Virginia, who fell mortally wounded; Major Walton, Twenty-third Virginia; Colonel T. V. Williams, of the Thirty-seventh Virginia, who was wounded; Major Wood, Thirty-seventh Virginia; Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, of the Forty-seventh Alabama Regiment; Colonel Sheffield, of the Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment, who was severely wounded; Major Alldridge, Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment, who was severely wounded, and of his assistant adjutant-general, Lieutenant W. F. Coleman.

The batteries of the division engaged in this action were those of Captains Carpenter, Poague, and Caskie. The officers and men of these batteries behaved well. Captain Caskie was wounded. Captain Wooding's

