
on the extreme left of the open field I first entered. He continued his march by the flank until his right reached the northeast corner of the field, when I sent Captain Fulton to inform him that the enemy were in the woods to his right. He then continued his march for some distance, and then put his brigade in line of battle, his right resting on the left of the First Brigade, and then the whole line advanced in the direction of the main road. Very shortly after this connection was formed a short but very vigorous contest ensued, which succeeded in completely routing the enemy. It is proper here to state that the enemy engaged in the woods at this point is the same column whose reformation of line I attempted to prevent when informed that the left flank of the Second Brigade had been turned. Here the enemy's loss was very heavy. This brigade pursued the now retreating foe until after dark, when I was ordered to halt and rest for the night.

The conduct of the troops in this brigade was, indeed, splendid. Men never behaved better in battle. Regimental commanders were conspicuous for their gallantry, and company officers deserve great praise, not only for their gallantry, but for their successful efforts in keeping their companies together; indeed, when the brigade the brigade was halted for the night nearly all were present.

The brigade captured three stand of colors, one of which was improperly taken from a private of the --th Regiment by a commissioned officer, of some other command. Two stand of colors were taken by the Fifth Regiment.

For individual acts of gallantry I refer you to the reports of regimental and battery commanders herewith presented.

Upon assuming command, Captain John H. Fulton, of the Fourth Regiment, and Major Holliday, of the Thirty-third Regiment, kindly consented to act as aides in connection with Lieutenant Garnett, of General Winder's staff, and to these gentlemen I am much indebted for their valuable services. Captain Fulton was conspicuous in the fight, transmitting every order with great promptness and dispatch. Major Holliday, a gallant and brave man, while in the execution of an order, was severely wounded in the right arm, rendering amputation necessary. He was wounded early in the engagement. Lieutenant Garnett was active in the field, and his gallantry was conspicuous. With the aid these gentlemen rendered me upon the field my new position as brigade commander was relieved of much embarrassment.

Captains Carpenter and Poague are deserving of especial notice for the great service they rendered with their batteries. Captain Carpenter was wounded by a Minie ball in the head, though I think not severely.

The casualties in the brigade were 10 killed and 51 wounded. This includes General Winder, and in his death the brigade was deprived of his great services, the army of an able and accomplished officer, the country of a good citizen, and society of an ornament. I attribute so few casualties to the fact that the brigade charged at the proper time. For a list of casualties see reports of regimental and battery commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. A. RONALD,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

W. T. TALIAFERRO,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

13 R R-VOL XII, PT II

