
No. 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts, Second Virginia Infantry.

[CAMP GARNETT], August 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to order I have the honor to report that on Saturday, the 9th, about the hour of 5 p.m., the First Brigade, of which this (the Second Regiment of Virginia Infantry) is a part, was marched through a woods near Cedar Run, in Culpeper [County], in column of regiments, within range of the enemy's artillery, a shell occasionally falling near the brigade. Shortly after the column was deployed in line of battle just at the skirt of the wood, facing a large field and another piece of wood, the division fence being near the center of the Second Regiment.

By order of Colonel Ronald, commanding, the brigade was moved to the front. Almost immediately afterward a regiment of the enemy appeared on the other side of the field. This regiment, though supported by others in the wood, fled after a short resistance, and the Second Regiment, with the Fourth and Fifth, drove the enemy through the wood they occupied. Finding no enemy in the front, and that the right wing of the brigade was pressed, the Second Regiment was ordered to its support, Captain Moore, of Company I, being left with a strong company to scout the woods and prevent surprise. Joining the right wing, the enemy was driven again from position and followed till night rendered pursuit dangerous.

I cannot too highly commend the conduct of the officers and men of my command; and though exposed for some hours to the enemy's fire, providentially no one was killed and but 7 wounded.

Respectfully,

LAWSON BOTTS,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

[Captain JOHN H. FULTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 33. Report of Lieutenant Colonel R. D. Gardner, Fourth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP GARNETT,

Near Gordonsville, Va., August 14, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Cedar Creek on the 9th instant:

The regiment, being under my command by reason of Colonel Ronald having been assigned command of the brigade, was formed in line of battle on the extreme left of the brigade, under a heavy fire of the enemy's artillery, in the woods to the left of the old stage road leading from Orange to Culpeper Court-House, at about 300 yards distance from an open field, where the enemy were first discovered. This regiment advanced with the balance of the brigade on the line of the fence of the field and halted, rectified the line and rested a few minutes, when the enemy made their appearance on the opposite side of the field, directly in front of all the other regiments except this, which rested on the left and in the woods. The order being given, "Forward," moved in line of battle with the rest of the brigade to a point beyond the field, where the enemy had been driven from. I was then ordered to fall

