
back and take position in the field, which was done promptly and in good order, changing front at right angles with the former front; then marched upon the flank of the enemy, driving them from their position. In doing so this regiment had to pass through a thick undergrowth and over a fence and became somewhat scattered. I was then ordered to fall back and reform the regiment, which was executed. The brigade remained in that position until a part of Major-General Hill's forces took position on the left of this regiment. The whole line advanced, driving the enemy before them in great confusion beyond a point where their artillery had been in position, when the line was halted and skirmishers thrown out some 200 or 300 yards in advance. Remained there a short time and fell back some 200 yards, where we bivouacked during the night.

While the skirmishers were out they brought in a number of prisoners, and captured some horses, mules, &amp;c.

I take pleasure in commending the good order and conduct of the officers and men of this regiment, which was all that I could wish.

I am under obligations to Captain Gibson, of Company D, for his services, acting as major on the day of the engagement and rendering me good service.

Lieutenant J. Kent Ewing, acting adjutant of this regiment, rendered efficient aid by his brave conduct and promptness in carrying out my orders.

The following is the list of casualties:

Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.

Officers	 ---	 ---	 1

Non-commissioned officers	 ---	 1	 ---

Privates	 3 	 5	 ---

Total	 3	 6	 1

Respectfully submitted.

R. D. GARDNER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers.

Captain JOHN H. FULTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 34. Report of Major H. J. Williams, Fifth Virginia Infantry.

AUGUST 14, 1862.

I have the honor to report that at dawn on the morning of the 9th instant we left camp near the Rapidan River and marched a distance of 7 miles. Engaged the enemy about 4 o'clock in the afternoon. The line of battle being formed in a woods, with the Thirty-third Regiment resting on our right and the Second on our left, the Fifth being the center regiment of the brigade, we then advanced in line of battle through the woods a distance of about 400 yards to the edge of a field, where we were ordered to halt and throw down a line of fencing immediately in our front. After removing the fence we were ordered to prepare to

