
received a message by his orderly that a brigade of General A. P. Hill's division would come up in a few minutes. I had continued to press the men on, driving the enemy, and as their retreat became a run General Branch's brigade arrived upon the extension of my line. They fired a few rounds and then ceased for a time and pushed on after the now fleeing enemy.

My men being thoroughly exhausted, together with myself, the firing having ceased entirely upon this part of the field, and no enemy being in sight, I withdrew about 100 yards and collected the men, who had become somewhat scattered in the eagerness of the fight. There gathered with me considerable part of the other regiments, and having about half the brigade, and being the senior officer present, I took command and conducted them some half a mile farther on to the colonel commanding, who had halted on a hill in front and upon the right of our position with the remainder.

We were engaged from about 5 p.m. until dark, and the men consumed nearly every cartridge. Their aim was steady and their fire effective, inflicting under my own eye severe loss upon the enemy.

My casualties, considering the continued and heavy fire to which we were subjected, were almost miraculously few, being only 15 wounded.

The men captured a number of prisoners, and one of them, by my direction, killed a color-bearer, whose colors were left on the field and picket up by one of General Branch's men subsequently.

My number engaged was 150. I left camp with 160, the heat causing a few to fall out of ranks. I append a list of casualties.*

It is with feelings of the highest pride that I commend the courage of both officers and men. All bore themselves nobly, and I can scarcely express my gratification at their behavior throughout the day; nor can I mention for especial commendation the name of one, either officer or private, without seeming to detract from the merits of others; but I must avail myself of the opportunity to acknowledge my indebtedness to First Lieutenant D. H. Walton, adjutant of the regiment, and to express my high appreciation of his conspicuously gallant conduct. Having no field officer with me (Major Holliday having been detailed for staff duty by Colonel Ronald), I felt the need of efficient help, and the want was fully supplied by this gentleman. He executed my orders fearlessly and well, aided me in directing the fire and movements of the men, and by personal example cheered and encouraged them. I gladly commend him to the notice of the commanding general. The noble courage of Major Holliday, who lost his right arm, will more properly come under the report of the brigade commander.

Respectfully submitted.

EDWIN G. LEE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Thirty-third Virginia Infantry.

Captain J. H. FULTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas S. Garnett, Forty-eighth Virginia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., ARMY VALLEY DISTRICT,Camp near Liberty Mills, Va., August 15, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the part

---------------

*Embodied in No. 27.

---------------

