
line to officers selected for the purpose. As matters now stand they are a little embarrassing, especially so to me, as I do not know how far I am responsible for outpost or picket service or for movements to feel the enemy, which should be made every day. I do not believe that any attack will be made on these works, but that some movement against Maryland, and perhaps Pennsylvania, is intended. The whole tendency of the enemy has been in that direction.

I telegraphed you last night and will do so again as soon as the last part of my command is in position. I shall remain here until I hear from you. The telegraph station nearest me is Upton's Hill.

I am, general, very truly, your friend,

JNO. POPE.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

NEW YORK, January 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the army under my command during the late campaign in Virginia:

Several of the reports of the corps commanders have not yet reached me, but so much time has elapsed since the termination of the campaign that I do not feel at liberty to withhold this report longer. The strange misapprehension of facts concerning this campaign, which, though proceeding from irresponsible sources, has much possessed the public mind, makes it necessary for me to enter more into detail than I should otherwise have done, and to embody in the report such of the dispatches and orders sent and received as will make clear every statement which is contained in it.

On the 26th day of June, 1862, by special order of the President of the United States, I was assigned to the command of the Army of Virginia. That army was constituted as follows: First Corps, under Major-General Fremont; Second Corps, under Major-General Banks; Third Corps, under Major-General McDowell. In addition to these three corps a small and unorganized force, under Brigadier-General Sturgis, was posted in the neighborhood of Alexandria, and was then in process of being organized for field service. The forces in the entrenchments around Washington were also placed under my command. All the disposable movable forces consisted of the three corps first named. Their effective strength of infantry and artillery, as reported to me, was as follows: Fremont's corps, 11,500 strong; Banks' corps, reported at 14,500, but in reality only about 8,000; McDowell's corps, 18,500; making a total of 38,000 men. The cavalry numbered about 5,000 men for duty, but most of it was badly mounted and armed and in poor condition for service. These forces were scattered over a wide district of country, not within supporting distance of each other, and many of the brigades and divisions were badly organized and in a demoralized condition. This was particularly the case with the army corps of Major-General Fremont, a sad report of which was made to me by General Sigel when he relieved General Fremont in command of the corps.

My first labors were directed to the reorganization of some of the divisions and brigades of that corps and to supplying the whole force with much of the material absolutely necessary for troops in the field.

The corps of Banks and Fremont were in the valley of the Shenan-

