
It will be hard to supply their places; but they fell on the field of honor in defense of their homes, their people, their liberty, and all that makes life dear to man, and a grateful country and posterity will award them their meed of praise.

Lieutenant-Colonel Curtis, commanding Twenty-third Regiment Virginia Volunteers, fell mortally wounded while gallantry leading his regiment into action. He came to the regiment in September, 1861, from Brooke County, Virginia, a private, and a refugee from the tyrants of the Northwest, and in the reorganization he was called to the position he so gallantly filled, a fit testimonial by the officers to his gallantry and good conduct. He has fallen far from his home and friends, but will long be remembered by all associated with him in the cause of liberty.

Colonel Williams, of the Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment, was slightly, and Colonel Sheffield, of the Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment, was painfully, wounded. Both these officers behaved with great gallantry.

All the officers and men of this brigade behaved well, and I beg leave to thank them for their gallant and good conduct, manifested under the most trying circumstances.

For the details of the killed and wounded I beg leave to refer you to the reports of regimental commanders, herewith returned, and which sum up al follows:

Killed. Wounded. 10th Regiment Virginia Volunteers........ 6 37

23rd Regiment Virginia Volunteers........ 5 27

37th Regiment Virginia Volunteers........ 13 64

47th Regiment Virginia Volunteers........ 12 85

48th Regiment Virginia Volunteers........ 15 58

---- ----

Total.................................... 51 271

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

ALEX. G. TALIAFERRO,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Army Valley [District].

Brigadier General W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding First Division, Army Valley [District].

Numbers 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel James W. Jackson, Forty-seventh Alabama Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LIBERTY MILLS, VA.,

August 13, 1862.

COLONEL: On Saturday last, 4 p. m., the 9th instant, I arrived with my regiment (the Forty-seventh Alabama) within range of the enemy's batteries that had opened on the advancing columns of our army. We were allowed to rest a few minutes, when we were again ordered to advance and take our position under the range of the enemy's guns. We advanced along the road for the distance of a mile, with the enemy's shells bursting over our heads; but as we were within the range given to their guns no damage was done to my regiment. When the position desired by our brigade commander was gained we were ordered to join our line of battle and lie down. By this time the

