
Alabama Regiment in the late action between Generals Jackson's and Pope's forces near Culpeper Court-House.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Forty-seventh Regiment Alabama Vols.

Colonel [A. G.] TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Third Brigade, Army Valley [District].

Numbers 44. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Abner A. Hughes, Forty-eighth Alabama Infantry.

AUGUST 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the movements of the Forty-eighth Regiment Alabama Volunteers during the engagement on the 9th instant at Cedar Creek:

This regiment, being ordered to support General Ewell's division, was placed in position in the woods and in rear of that division. After remaining in this position for some time we were ordered to cross the big road into an open field and form line of battle on the right of the Twenty-third Virginia Regiment. A hill lying between us and the enemy, we were ordered to advance to its brow, when, coming in full view of the enemy, we opened fire upon them and continued without cessation for some length of time. Finding the enemy had flanked our position, we were obliged to change, which was readily done, and after falling back for a short distance we again advanced upon the enemy, driving them before us at every point, continuing to drive them until dark, when we slept upon the battle-field.

The officers and men of my command behaved gallantly, it being the first time they had been under fire. There are a few instances of valor which I might notice, but when all did so nobly and so well I can but return my sincere thanks to both officers and men.

Inclosed please find a report of the casualties in my command,* and I remain, sir.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUGHES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-eighth Alabama Regiment

Colonel A. G. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Third Brigade, Army Valley [District].

Numbers 45. Report of Major Joshua Stover, Tenth Virginia Infantry.

CAMP FRESCATTI, VA.,

August 13, 1862.

In accordance with orders from Headquarters Third Brigade I have the honor to submit the following report of the services rendered by

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 27.

---------------

14 R R-VOL XII, PT II

