
gallantry and deserve well of their country. Several others did their duty as good soldiers.

Numbers 47. Report of Major H. C. Wood, Thirty-seventh Virginia Infantry.

CAMP NEAR GORDONSVILLE, VA.,

August 13, 1862.

In marking my report of the part acted by the Thirty-seventh Regiment in the action on Cedar Creek on the 9th instant, it is necessary for me to state that it was late in the engagement when the command devolved on me, consequently I was not informed as to the position we wee to take until after we had gone on the field. Being marched into the woods in rear of our batteries, we were ordered to lie down there to support them. Lying there for some time, very much exposed to the enemy's shells, which were continually bursting over and around, we were then ordered to the field. Coming into the field, taking position on the left of the Twenty-third Regiment (which regiment was on the extreme right of the brigade), we were marched forward, crossing a small hollow to the brow of a low eminence, from which position the enemy in three columns in battle order opened fire on us, which was gallantly returned by my men, which continued, the action soon becoming general. In this position the action continued for some time; the first line of the enemy giving way, the second were thrown into the utmost confusion, when the left of this regiment, being left unprotected and unsupported by the Forty-seventh and Forty-eight Alabama Regiments having given way, and being thus exposed to a fire in front, rear, and on the left flank, was compelled to give way, which was taken up by each company from the left, not, however, until after we received orders to fall back, which was done in tolerably good order by most of the companies, some, however, becoming a little confused. I soon succeeded in rallying the men-not until a great many of them were killed by being exposed to fire from the front and left flank. As soon as they were rallied they advanced gallantly to the contest, driving the enemy from before them in every direction.

It is proper to state here that this regiment would have been able to maintain its position had the Forty-seventh and Forty-eighth Alabama Regiments been able to have maintained theirs.

I must express my thanks to the officers and men of this regiment for the gallant manner in which they conducted themselves during the whole engagement; and where all conducted themselves so gallantly it is impossible to mention particular individuals, although there were those whose gallant conduct renders them worthy of the proudest position.

H. C. WOOD,

Major, Commanding Thirty-seventh Virginia Regiment.

Colonel A. G. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Third Brigade.

