
behind some distance, there not being room to station them in rear of their pieces. After firing about half an hour one of my pieces, becoming unserviceable from enlargement of the vent, was sent tot he rear. The other continued its fire until the enemy's skirmishers approached within 200 yards, and having exhausted the ammunition in the limber-chest it was ordered back to its caisson and the chest refilled. By the direction of General Jackson it was afterward posted in the field on the right of the road. May 12-pounder was also brought forward. In conjunction with Captain Carpenter's gun and one of Lieutenant Marks' a rapid fire was opened on the enemy's batteries, by which several of their guns were silenced and compelled to leave the field. The enemy's infantry were now advancing through the corn field in front, and I felt confident we would be able to drive them back, having been re-enforced by a battery of four guns. At this juncture our own infantry advanced, surrounding the guns, thus causing them to cease firing. No position could be gotten afterward without danger to our own infantry.

About 9 p. m. the battery joined the brigade, and that night slept on the battle-field.

In this engagement I am happy to report no serious casualties-only 1 man wounded, Robert Vanpelt, slightly in left arm. Several others received very slight bruises from pieces of shell.

It gives me pleasure to state that the conduct of all the men and officers, without exception, was most admirable. At the most trying moment, when our gallant and esteemed brigade commander and the chief of artillery were cut down in their midst,they retained their accustomed self-possession and nobly stood by their pieces. Even those two or three who in a former engagement behaved in an unsoldierly manner now acted well and bravely, as if determined to wipe out all traces of their previous conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. POAGUE,

Captain Rockbridge Artillery.

Captain J. H. FULTON,

A. A. A. G., First Brigade, Valley District.

Numbers 50. Report of Major General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Light Division.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,Camp Gregg, March 8, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Light Division, under my command, at the battle of Cedar Run:

On the night of August 7, 1862, my division, to which had been added the Louisiana Brigade, of Colonel Stafford, encamped around Orange Court-House. That night orders were received by me from Major-General Jackson to move at dawn in the morning, and in the following order, viz: Ewell's, Hill's, and Jackson's divisions. At the appointed time I was ready, with the head of my leading brigade resting near the street down which I understood Ewell was to pass, and ready to take my appointed place in the column of march. A little after sunrise a division commenced passing, which I supposed to be Ewell's.

