
One or two brigades having passed, I then recognized it to be Jackson's, and learned that Ewell had taken another route, by Liberty Mills. of this no intimation had been given me. Not desiring to separate the brigades of this division, I awaited its passing and fell in in rear of it. Jackson's division was followed by quite a train of wagons, and such I understood to be General Jackson's order, and nothing had been said about the trains in the order of march. My column progressed so slowly that I rode on to the river to see the cause of the delay. I there found that a portion of Jackson's division had not crossed, and all were delayed by the passing of Ewell's troops and trains, his road joining ours at this point. I sent word to General Jackson that the trains were delaying the march of the troops very much, and to know if it was his order that the trains were to follow in rear of each division.

Between 4 and 5 o'clock-the wagons of Ewell still passing and a portion of Jackson's division still not having crossed the river-I received an order from General Jackson to go back to Orange Court-House and encamp for the night. The head of my column having only made about a mile, I bivouacked the brigades where they were.

That night I sent a note to General Jackson, at Garnett's house, that it would be impossible or me to get along the next day with my artillery unless the road was cleared of the trains; that, familiar with the country, if he would permit, I could take my division by a short road by the ford at Holliday's Mill and join him at any point he might designate. The reply I received was that the trains had been ordered from the road, and to move immediately by the route first designated, as it was his intention to be in Culpeper Court-House that night. Moving before daylight, Lawton's, Taliaferro's, and other brigades were overhauled just as they were in motion. The enemy's cavalry having made some demonstrations on our left, Gregg was ordered to remain at the ford and protect the crossing of the trains and as a guard on the march. my order of march was Thomas, Branch, Archer, Pender, Stafford, and Field. Arriving within about 6 miles of Culpeper Court-House, the heavy firing in front gave notice that the battle had commenced. I was directed by General Jackson to send a brigade to the support of Taliaferro, who was in line of battle on the right of the main road. Thomas was set on this duty, and formed his line immediately in rear of Taliaffero. Lieutenant-Colonel Walker placed Pegram's and Fleet's batteries in eligible positions in front of Early's brigade (on Taliaffero's right). Branch, Archer, and Pender as they came up were successively formed on the left of the road. Winder's brigade, immediately in front of Branch, being hard pressed, broke, and many fugitives came back. Without waiting for the formation of the entire line, Branch was immediately ordered forward, and passing through the broken brigade received the enemy's fire, promptly returned it, checked the pursuit, and in turn drove hem back and relieved Taliaferro's flank. The enemy, driven across an open field, had rallied in a wood skirting it. Branch was engaging when Archer came up, and with Pender on the left. The enemy were charged across this field, the brigade of Archer being subjected to a very heavy fire. General Thomas, on the right, had been ordered by General Jackson to the right and support Early's brigade. Quite a large portion of both Early's and Taliaferro's brigades had been thrown into confusion, some of the regiments standing firm-the Thirteenth Virginia, Twenty-first Virginia, and Twelfth Georgia. Thomas formed his line of battle along a fence bordering a corn field, through which the enemy were advancing. After a short contest here the enemy were hurled back. Pegram's and Fleet's

