
batteries (the latter under command of Lieutenant Hardy) did heavy execution this day, and drove back several attempts to capture their guns. The Fourteenth Georgia, under the gallant Colonel Folsom, having become separated from the rest of the brigade by our fugitives, charged the advancing enemy and with brilliant success. The enemy had now been driven from every part of the field, but made an attempt to retrieve his fortunes by a cavalry charge. Their squadrons, advancing across an open field in front of Branch, exposed their flank to him, and, encountering a deadly fire from the Fourteenth Georgia and Thirteenth Virginia, had many saddles emptied and fled in utter disorder. Much credit is due Thomas' brigade for the admirable manner in which they acted under very discouraging circumstances.

It was now dark and the field had been won. i was directed to follow the enemy. Colonel Stafford and General Field being now up, Stafford's brigade was put in advance, and Field, with Pegram's battery, next. The woods in our front having first been shelled for some minutes by all my batteries, Stafford advanced, feeling his way cautiously, skirmishing, and taking prisoners. Passing through the woods Pegram occupied a little knoll upon the margin of the field and opened fire. Field was thrown into line along the edge of the woods bordering the field and a little in rear of Pegram. Very soon a concentric fire from three batteries, at short range, was opened on Pegram, and his loss in men and horses was so great that he was soon silenced. No further attempt was made to advance.

My brigades bivouacked upon the ground won, and next day were withdrawn a short distance back and the dead buried.

Major J. G. Field and Captain F. T. Hill, of my staff, were wounded, the former severely.

My loss is as follows:

Killed. Wounded.

Officers................................. 4 32

Privates................................. 45 313

---- ---- Total*................................... 49 345

Very respectfully,

A. P. HILL,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,March 19, 1863.

Respectfully forwarded. The reason assigned by General Hill for his division not being next to Ewell's on the day preceding the battle of Cedar Run renders it proper that the facts of the case should be stated. For the purpose of attacking the enemy at or near Culpeper Court-House I directed Generals Ewell and Hill to leave their encampments on the 7th, and at dawn on the following morning to resume the march and move via Barnett's Ford. The positions of the two divisions were such that I did not require General Hill's division to follow General Ewell's on the 7th, but I did expect it to do so on the 8th, and

---------------

*See also Numbers 27.

---------------

