
such would have been the case had General Hill carried out the instructions which I gave him before he left his encampment on the 7th-to move at dawn on the morning of the 8th. Ewell moved early in the morning, and though he did not cross at Barnett's Ford, yet he passed near that point in coming into the road upon which the troops were to move. i passed the night probably three-quarters of a mile from the center of the village of Orange Court-House. After sunrise next morning I observed some of General Hill's troops still where they had bivouacked, and such was my concern at their not having moved that I ordered my horse and rode to Orange Court-House, where I found General Hill, but did not see any of his troops with him. I spoke to ho, about his not having moved, and understood him to say that he was waiting for Jackson's division had reached the town and halted. Desiring to avoid delay, I directed my acting assistant adjutant-general, Major E. F. Paxton, to order Jackson's division forward. Upon reaching Barnett's Ford, on the Rapidan, I found Ewell's division moving by there. Had General Hill moved at dawn I could, had I deemed it necessary, have halted Ewell's train before it reached the road upon which General Hill was to move, and thus have brought the division of General Hill immediately in rear of that of General Ewell. As General Hill says that he was to move at dawn and follow Ewell, he should have expected Ewell to be in front and not in rear of him at that time. if he believed that the division for which he was waiting to pass was Ewell's, he could easily have sent some one and ascertained the fact. But though the better part of two hours had elapsed since the time fixed for marching, yet it does not appear that he had taken any steps to ascertain, but appears to have taken it for granted that the division which should have been in advance of him was in rear. No order was sent by me to General Hill to go back to Orange Court-House and encamped for the night. On the contrary, I sent a verbal order to him by my chief of artillery, Colonel Crutchfield, urging him forward, and also sent a written order to the same effect by a courier.

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

Numbers 51. Report of Brigadier General Charles W. Field, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION,August 13, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that my brigade marched form Orange Court-House early on the morning of the 9th instant, bringing up the rear of the whole army.

About 2 or 3 o'clock cannonading was heard and I endeavored to push forward rapidly, but on account of defections in the brigades in my front I did not reach the scene of action until sunset, when the firing was nearly over. Forming in line of battle on the field, i was directed by General Hill to push forward on the Culpeper Court-House road and press the retreating foe. After moving about 1 1/2 miles to the front the enemy was found in position on the left of the road. Pegram's battery, of my brigade, was directed by General Jackson to

