
through the field and bivouacked that night upon the ground previously occupied by the enemy.*

* * * *

I have the honor to be, major, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

EDWD. L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

Numbers 54. Report of Brigadier General James H. Lane, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,November 14, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the various engagements from Cedar Run to Shepherdstown, inclusive. The report must necessarily be imperfect, as I was not in command of the brigade until after General Branch's fall, while most of the officers who commanded the different regiments are now absent and did not leave with assistant adjutant-general any account of the part taken in the various battles by their respective commands:

BATTLE OF CEDAR RUN.

After a long, rapid, and wary march we reached the battle-field at Cedar Run on the afternoon of August 9, and took the position assigned us in line of battle by General Branch in the woods to the left of the road leading to the Run, the right of the Thirty-seventh resting on the road, the Twenty-eighth, Thirty-third, Eighteenth, and Seventh being on its left. The Twenty-eighth, Thirty-third, Eighteenth, and Thirty-seventh moved cheerfully and irresistibly forward and in perfect order through the woods upon the enemy, who had succeeded in flanking the First (Stonewall) Brigade, of General Jackson's division, which was rapidly giving way. The enemy's infantry were soon driven from the woods into the field beyond, and both infantry and cavalry were finally driven in great disorder from the scene of action. many prisoners were taken, and many others deserted their colors and voluntarily surrendered themselves. After advancing in line beyond Cedar Run we were half-wheeled to the right and marched across the road through a field of corn and over and open field until we reached the left of the forces under Brigadier General W. B. Taliaferro, where we were halted. It was then dark, and the infantry firing had ceased in all directions.

During the entire engagement the officers and men behaved as well as could be desired, notwithstanding the disorderly manner in which some of the troops we were ordered to support fell back.

Lieutenant Dunn and Coltrane, of the First Virginia (Irish) Battalion, tendered me their services on the field, as they had been left without a command. I put them in charge of two companies of the

---------------

*Portion here omitted printed on pp. 702, 703.

---------------

