
Twenty-eighth Regiment (previously commanded by sergeants) and both discharged the duties assigned them only as brave men can do.

Our loss was 12 killed and 88 wounded.

I did not see the Seventh Regiment after we were ordered forward, and as Colonel Haywood is absent I will submit so such of Captain Turner's report as relates to the part taken by his regiment in this engagement:

When the brigade moved forward this regiment, for causes unknown to the writer, did not move for several minutes, and, consequently, was considerably behind the brigade. We were finally ordered forward, but had not proceeded more, than 100 yards when we were halted and the line dressed. By this time the brigade was entirely out of sight. We marched forward, and were again halted and the line dressed. We next wheeled to the right and marched into a road running nearly perpendicular to our original line of battle. Colonel Haywood at this point left the regiment to look for General Branch. The command then devolved upon Captain R. B. MacRae, who, hearing heavy firing in our front, was just on the eve of ordering the regiment in that direction, when Colonel Haywood returned with orders from General Jackson. We then marched by the right flank to a wheat field, on the left of the Culpeper road, and formed on a hill in rear of and nearly perpendicular to the brigade,which was then at the bottom of the hill and in the same field. We marched forward at a double-quick to the support of General Taliaferro's division, which we found engaging a force of the enemy concealed in a corn field. We had fired several rounds, when the enemy broke and fled. We pursued them about three-quarters of a mile, taking about 30 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, when we were halted by command of General Taliaferro and march to a point on the Culpeper road, where we joined the brigade and bivouacked for the night. The regiment sustained a loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded in this action.

* * * * *

Very respectfully,

JAMES H. LANE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. C. MORGAN.*

Numbers 55. Report of Brigadier General L. O'B. Branch, C. S. Army, commanding-Brigade, with extracts from his journal.
HDQRS. BRANCH'S BRIGADE, A. P. HILL'S DIVISION,August 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, August 9, while on the march toward Culpeper Court-House, I was ordered to halt my brigade and form it in lie of battle on the left of and at right angles to the road. The formation was scarcely completed before I was ordered to advance in line through the woods and thick undergrowth, a heave musketry fire being hear not far from my front. I had proceeded about 100 yards when I commenced meeting the men of a brigade, which had preceded me, retreating in great disorder and closely pursued by the enemy. Opening ranks to permit the fugitives to pass, and pressing forward in unbroken line, my brigade, met the enemy, who had already turned the flank of General Taliaferro's brigade, which was on the right of the road. Not in the least shaken by the panic-cries of the fugitives, and without halting, my regiments poured volley after volley into the enemy, who broke and fled precipitately through the woods and across the field. On reaching the edge of the field I discovered the enemy in the field. On reaching the edge of the field I discovered the enemy in force on the opposite side, and halting my brigade in an eligible position, opened fire along the whole line. For a time the enemy stood

---------------

*Portion of General Lane's report here omitted printed on pp. 675-677.

---------------

