
the enemy was turning him and he wished me to advance. I was already in line of battle and instantly gave the order "Forward, march." I had not gone 100 yards through the woods before we met the celebrated Stonewall Brigade, utterly routed and fleeing as fast as they could run. After proceeding a short distance farther we met the enemy pursuing. My brigade opened upon them and quickly drove the enemy back from the woods into a large field. Following up to the edge of the field, I came in view of large bodies of the enemy, and having a very fine position, I opened upon them with great effect. The enemy's cavalry attempted to charge us in two columns, but the fire soon broke them and sent them fleeing across the field in every direction. The infantry hen retreated also. Advancing into the field, I halted near the middle of it, in doubt which direction to take. Just at that moment General Jackson came riding up from my rear alone. i reported my brigade as begin solid and asked for orders. My men recognized him and raised a terrific shout as he rode along the line with his hat off. He evidently knew how to appreciate a brigade that had gone through a hot battle and was then following the retreating enemy without having broken its line of battle, and remained with me directing my movements until the pursuit ceased. We returned and slept on the battle=field among the dead an wounded.

After remaining there and near by until Monday at dark, we were ordered to light large camp-fires, and immediately after dark the army commenced moving back, and our division reached this place last night.

We gained a splendid victory and the credit of its is due to my brigade. i was among my men all through the fight and they were brave and cool. Most of my cowards have been got rid of in one way and another.

the weather has been intensely hot and we have been exposed to the sun all day, nearly the whole country along the roads being cleared up. On the day of the battle I was so feeble that I had been riding in my ambulance all day and was scarcely able to walk fifty yards, but the excitement braced me up, and ever since I have been in better health than at any time since we started on the expedition below Richmond.

On this trip to Culpeper we were accompanied by 1,200 baggage wagons, but they make a column so long that we can make no use of their contents, and they had just as well be left behind entirely. It is generally supposed that General Jackson travels without baggage, but it is a great mistake. i think he carries too much. The secret of the celerity with which he moves is that he spends very little time in camps.

What I have mentioned about the battle relates only to the part my own brigade took in it. Other brigades were engaged that did well, but none contributed so much to gain the day as I did.

It is reported that General Lee is at Gordonsville, and that Longstreet's division is arriving there as fast as the railroad can bring them.

This is a hard service we are on, but it is of the utmost importance to our success in the war, for here is the vital point. I often think how little is seen of the real hardships of war by those soldier who are stationed about Kinston, Petersburg, and other such places,yet they have far more of the public sympathy and admiration than we do.

A Philadelphia paper, which I got from a prisoner taken at the battle, contained a letter from Nashville, in which it was stated that among

