
I inclose herewith report from Captain D'Aquin, Louisiana Battery; Major Courtney, chief of artillery; Colonel Walker, Thirteenth Virginia; Colonel Forno, commanding Hays' (Louisiana) brigade, and Generals Trimble and Early.

My losses were:

Killed. Wounded.

Artillery................................. -- 8

Early's brigade........................... 16 145

Trimble's brigade......................... 1 17

Forno's (Hays') brigade................... -- 8

---- ----

Total..................................... 17 178

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Major-General.

Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 60. Report of Brigadier General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION,August 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle on Cedar Creek, near Slaughter Mountain, in Culpeper [County], on Saturday, the 9th instant:

Early on the morning of that day I was ordered by Major-General Ewell to move forward to the cavalry camp of General Robertson, picketing the road at suitable points to the right and left, so as to prevent surprises by the enemy's cavalry on our flanks, and the Forty-fourth Virginia Regiment and six companies of the Fifty-second Virginia Regiment were detached for that purpose. With the balance of the brigade I reached General Robertson's headquarters. After some time spent in observing he enemy's cavalry in our front my brigade, by direction of General Ewell, was advanced on the road toward Culpeper Court-House to a school-house at the intersection of a road from Madison Court-House with the road to Culpeper Court-House, and was placed in the woods by the side of the road, the Thirteenth Virginia being extended to the left behind the school-house, so as to command the road from Madison Court-House; the Fifth-eighth Virginia Regiment being placed in a clump of pines to the right of the Culpeper road, so as to command the fields to the right, and the rest of the brigade along the edge of the woods to the left of the latter road, between the Thirteenth and Fifty-eighth Regiments. While this operations was going on two pieces of Captain Johnson's battery, under Lieutenant Terry, which had been carried to the right near the foot of the mountain, opened on the enemy's cavalry, as did some pieces in front of General Robertson's headquarters, and were responded to by some pieces of the enemy, posted in rear of their cavalry toward Culpeper Court-House, but this firing lasted only for a few minutes, and the enemy's cavalry, which had at first moved back, soon returned to its former position. After I had remained near the school-house something less than an hour, Captain A. S. Pendleton, of General Jackson's staff,

