
Brigades were then some distance to the right ont he side of the mountain, and General Winder's command was about three-quarters of a mile to the rear. The hill sloped down in front, and farther on was a corn field running back to the crest of the next hill, along and behind which were posted the enemy's batteries, and it was evident that there was a depression behind this hill in which large bodies of infantry might be concealed. There was woods also on hill in the rear of the wheat field, in and behind which infantry might be placed under cover, and to the left was a woods through which my flank might be turned. The opening of the batteries and the halting of the cavalry in its flight convinced me that the enemy intended to make a stand here and that he was in force. The hill upon which I was being a commanding one, from which the enemy's movements might be observed, and, though my left was exposed, being a strong position in itself if the woods on my left could be occupied, I determined to hold it, and sent my aide (Lieutenant S. H. Early) back to General Winder for re-enforcements, with directions to come along the Culpeper road, as that was clear. My left at this time rested on the Culpeper road where it rung between the field in which I was and the woods to the left. General Winder was met with the head of his column just crossing the branch of Cedar Creek, half a mile in my rear. A short time after Lieutenant Early was sent to General Winder I sent Major A. L. Pitzer (a volunteer aide) to ask that some pieces of artillery should be sent up. Before this request could be complied with by General Winder, Captain Brown, of the Chesapeake Artillery, with one piece, and Captain Dement, with three pieces, came up through the fields in rear on a gallop, and were posted, by my direction, a little in advance of my right near a clump of cedars, where they had a good cover for their horses and caissons and occupied a commanding position. They very soon opened fire upon the enemy, and were followed in a short time by some pieces from General Winder's command from the corner of the field where the road from Mrs. Crittenden's crosses the Culpeper road.

About this time the pieces with the Seventh and Eighth Brigades opened fire from the mountain, and a very brisk cannonading was kept up for some time-perhaps for two hours or more. The shells from the enemy's pieces burst over and around my men constantly, doing some damage occasionally, but not a great deal. I observed that the fire from our own guns was having considerable effect, and I saw one of the enemy's batteries compelled to change its position. In the early part of the cannonading I sent an aide to tell General Winder that the enemy's batteries might be attacked with advantage by the left, but in a short time afterward movements were observed in front that induced the belief that the enemy was sending infantry to our left, and notice of this was sent to General Winder, with the caution to be on the lookout; but just before my aide reached the place where General Winder was this gallant officer received a mortal wound from a shell, and the information was communicated to General Jackson in person, he having arrived on the ground. Not long afterward a line of skirmishers from the enemy was seen advancing across the corn field in front and several regiments in rear supporting them. A body of infantry also commenced moving up toward my right, which rested near the clump of cedars where the guns of Brown and Dement were posted. The hill there falls of rather abruptly to the right, and as infantry could have come up under cover of this hill very near to me, I sent to General Jackson for a brigade to support my right, which was promised. The enemy's skirmishers had halted in the edge of the corn field nearest

