
us, as had the regiments which supported them, and before the brigade promised me came up, very unexpectedly to me, several of our pieces from the left dashed down the slope of the hill in front of my left to within close range of the enemy's skirmishers, which they had not seen The enemy's skirmishers and the infantry in their rear commenced moving and firing on them immediately, and seeing their danger, I at once ordered my brigade forward at double-quick, which order was complied with, the men rushing down with a shut and reaching the pieces just in time to save them. At the same time a fire was opened from the woods to the left by some troops of General Winder's command, and the infantry fight thus began. The enemy's front regiments soon began to give way, and other regiments wee seen advancing through the wheat field to the left and additional regiments through the corn field in my front. I rode to my right, and threw the Twelfth Georgia Regiment to the left along the crest of a ridge, which made a curve in front, affording it a very good natural defense and enabling it to give the enemy a flank fire. Just as I completed this movement I observed a brigade passing from the rear to my right, which proved to be one of Major-General Hill's brigades, commanded by Colonel Thomas. I immediately proceeded to post this brigade to the right of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment and at right angles with it, where it also had a strong position. After getting this brigade in position-during which operation my whole left was excluded from my view-I rode toward the left, and found that the pieces of artillery that had been advanced had retire, and that the left regiments of my brigade and all the troops to their left as far as I could see had fallen back, and the enemy were advancing up the slope of the hill. I was at once the critical position in which we were placed. The Twelfth Georgia Regiment, the fourth companies of the Fifty-second Virginia Regiment, with Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner, and a part of the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment, under Major Kasey, of my own brigade, had not given way, and Colonel Thomas' brigade was still left on my right. These troops were then isolated and in an advanced position, and had they given way the day in all probability would have been lost. I could not, therefore, go to rally those of my regiments which were retiring, but dispatched Major Hale, my acting assistant adjutant-general, to do so, and I immediately rode to the right to urge the troops there to hold their position. After doing this I rode again toward the left and discovered the enemy retiring before some of our troops which were again advancing. These I discovered to be a portion of my own brigade, which had been rallied, and a part of General Taliaferro's brigade. I rode up to them, and while I was here the enemy attempted to retrieve the fortune of the day by a cavalry charge along the Culpeper road, which was, however, successfully repulsed by a fire from the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment-Colonel Taliaferro's regiment, of General Taliaferro's brigade-and a number of parties from other brigades.

This was after sunset, and the troops which had rallied and driven the enemy back advanced into the corn field. I rode off to the right again and found the troops there maintaining their ground against a body of infantry in front of Colonel Thomas' brigade, which kept its position for some time. The ammunition of my own regiments being nearly exhausted, as was that of Colonel Thomas; brigade, I directed them to maintain their ground at all hazards and use the bayonet if necessary, and they did not waver for a moment. I did not order an advance from this position because it would have had to be made under great disadvantages and with great danger of being attacked on the

