
right flank. The position of these troops was all the time, until the enemy had entirely given way, in advance of the line, and I was satisfied that they could accomplish more by maintaining the position than by advancing.

A little before dusk the last of the enemy's regiments left the ground on the advance of our troops to the left into the corn field, and we were left masters of the battle-field. In a short time I was informed by Major-General Hill, who came where I was, that General Jackson's order was to advance in pursuit of the enemy on the Culpeper road and that his division was advancing. I informed him of the fact that the whole of my ammunition was exhausted, and that my brigade was much fatigued and in some confusion; but as he expressed the opinion that I ought to advance, I collected the brigade and did advance until I was met by General Ewell, who had come up from the right, and was by him ordered to wait until the other two brigades of the division came upon the road from the right and follow them, which I did, and was shortly after halted and ordered to bivouac for the night.

Johnson's battery, attached to his brigade, had accompanied the Seventh and Eighth Brigades, and its movements were under the direction of the major-general commanding the division.

I have since ascertained that they giving way of the regiments on my left, which has been mentioned, was caused by the fact that the brigade on their left gave way before the enemy's infantry which advanced through the wheat field, and that the enemy got into the woods on the left and fired into their rear. This disorder was confined to the Twenty-fifth, Thirty-first, and part of the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiments. Colonel Walker, who was on my extreme left, maintained his position with his regiment (the Thirteenth) and part of the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment until they were left alone and the enemy were firing into their rear int he field. He then ordered them to retire, but he again formed them and brought them forward, and contributed very largely to the final repulse of the enemy, advancing as far as any of our troops were advanced until after the conclusion of the fight. I call especial attention to his report. He is a most efficient and gallant officer, who is always ready to perform any duty assigned him, and the men of his regiment are capital fighting men, there being none better in the army. When Colonel Walker is in front with his men deployed as skirmishers I feel secure against an ambuscade. i respectfully and earnestly recommend him for promotion to the position of brigadier-general.

Lieutenant-Colonel Terrill, of the same regiment; Lieutenant-Colonel Skinner, commanding the Fifty-second Virginia Regiment ; Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, commanding the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment (severely wounded); Major Kasey, commanding the Fifty-eighth Virginia Regiment; Major Higginbotham, commanding the Twenty-fifth Virginia regiment, and Captain William F. Brown, commanding the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, all acquitted themselves with great gallantry.

The brigade generally acquitted itself well the disorder in some of the regiments was, as before stated, after the troops on their left had given way and the enemy had gotten on their flank and rear, and it was after Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, of the Thirty-first, and Major Higginbotham, of the Twenty-fifth, Virginia Regiments were both wounded and carried to the rear, leaving their regiments, which chiefly participated in the disorder, without commanders.

The conduct of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, with which I was more than any other, elicited my especial approbation. It is a gallant, fighting

