
regiment, and I have had occasion before to notice its good conduct. Its commander in this action, Captain William F. Brown, who is over sixty years of age, displayed great coolness, courage, and energy. He is eminently deserving the command of a regiment, and I recommend him for promotion to fill the first vacancy that may occur among the field officers of the regiment.

Captain Lilley, of the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, with a small body of his regiment, including the color-bearer, attracted my attention by the gallantry displayed by them in advancing among the foremost after the regiment had got into disorder.

A body of men from the Thirty-first Virginia Regiment, around their colors, advancing in the same way, attracted my attention by their gallantry. I was particularly struck by the bravery exhibited by the color-bearers of these two regiments, who, with these small bodies of men around them, were waving their flags in the very front, as if to attract a fire upon them, and advancing all the while.

Captain Brown, of the Chesapeake Artillery, and Captain Dement displayed great courage, energy, and efficiency, themselves loading and firing their pieces when their men were exhausted.

I was attracted by the conspicuous gallantry exhibited by Colonel Taliaferro, of the Twenty-third Virginia Regiment, whom I saw urging his men on.

I can also bear testimony to the gallantry and good conduct of Colonel Thomas and the officers and men of his brigade, whose timely arrival rendered my right secure, and whose deadly fire contributed largely to the repulse of the enemy.

My staff officers-Major S. Hale, jr., acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant S. H. Early, aide-de-camp, and Major A. L. Pitzer, volunteer aide-de-camp-displayed great courage and energy in carrying my orders under fire and in rallying and encouraging the troops. They were everywhere on the field where there was danger, each having his horse struck under him.

There were doubtless many cases of individual gallantry upon the part of officers and men to which I am not able to do justice, and I do not wish it to be understood that they are intentionally overlooked.

My effective strength in infantry on the morning of the 9th was 1,700, of which about 350 were left on picket. Subjoined is a list* of killed, wounded, and missing,k showing 16 killed, 145 wounded, and 2 missing. Total, 163.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. EARLY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. CAMPBELL BROWN, Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division.

Numbers 61. Report of Colonel James A. Walker, Thirteenth Virginia Infantry.

AUGUST 14, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment at the battle nea Mitchell's Station, fought on the 9th instant:

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 27.

---------------

