
heavy fire from other regiments immediately in their front, was very destructive, and drove them from the field in confusion and disorder. After this charge the enemy made no further stand, and we continued the pursuit with the other troops until it was discontinued, when I left them in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Terrill and reported tot he general commanding brigade.

It would be impossible for troops to behave better than mine did on this day, with a few exceptions. They fought bravely, obeying all the commands of their officers promptly and cheerfully, displaying throughout the whole day an amount of bravery and disciplined valor which I do not believe has been excelled during the war.

I herewith inclose a report of the casualties on that day.*

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. A. WALKER,

Colonel Thirteenth Virginia Infantry.

Major HALE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 62. Report of Brigadier General Isaac. R. Trimble, C. S. Army, commanding Seventh Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH BRIGADE,August 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I submit a statement of the operations of the Seventh Brigade on the 9th instant in the battle of Slaughter Mountain (Cedar Run):

On the morning of the 9th, being in view of the enemy's cavalry, I was directed to approach under cover and occupy a pine thicket about three-quarters of a mile from the enemy's picket. This was done successfully undiscovered by the enemy, and a company ordered to support a battery placed on our right, which opened and drove back the cavalry scouts, who reformed again and returned to their first position after the artillery ceased firing.

About 2 o'clock I was ordered to advance through the woods on our right along the slope of Slaughter Mountain and occupy a favorable position. About 3 o'clock the brigade reached the northwest termination of the mountain in an open space elevated about 200 feet above the valley below, and distant from the position of the enemy's batteries about 1 1/4 miles, where we remained concealed from view. Having sent for you to examine this point, you decided to drag up Latimer's battery's of my brigade, and place it in position, which was done promptly about 3.30 p. m., and fire opened with effect on the enemy's batteries, which drew their fire from the front upon us.

At 5 p. m. we first heard our musketry across the valley on our left (General Early's advance). About 5 o'clock some batteries were advanced within half a mile of the enemy's chief batteries, and thus aided materially in deciding the result of the day. At 5 p. m. the Fifteenth

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 27.

---------------

