
Numbers 63. Report of Colonel Henry Forno, Fifth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Hays' (or First Louisiana) Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS HAYS' BRIGADE,August 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by Hays' brigade, now under my command, during the battle of the 9th instant, at Cedar Run. Although not actively engaged, the brigade, being held in reserve by General Trimble's command, were under fire and in range of the enemy's shell and suffered considerably; a list of the casualties accompanying this report.*

Very respectfully, yours,

H. FORNO,

Colonel Fifth Louisiana, Commanding Brigade.

Captain G. CAMPBELL BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 64. Report of Major A. R. Courtney, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,August 15, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave respectfully to make the following report of the operations of the artillery in this division in the fight of the 9th instant, at Mrs. Crittenden's farm, near Slaughter Mountain, Culpeper County, Virginia.

The battle was opened by the artillery of this division, which had been posted as presently [below] described, with orders not to fire until the infantry sent around to the left to fire, upon the enemy's cavalry skirmishers had opened. Captain Dement's (First Maryland) battery, Captain Brown's Chesapeake Artillery, also from Maryland; Captain D'Aquin's (Louisiana) battery, and the rifle gun of Captain Latimer's battery were posted in aline from the main road, on the left of the mountain, on the right, and as far forward as Majors' house. Captain Latimer, with three guns, and Lieutenant Terry, with Captain Johnson's (Bedford) battery, were stationed by the major-general in person on Slaughter Mountain near the mansion house. From these positions the several batteries named opened upon a large body of cavalry in front as soon as the infantry opened upon their advanced guard from the woods on the left. The cavalry having at once fled, and the enemy opening with several batteries in our front and beyond effective range of our guns, I ordered the batteries on the plain to cease firing, and conducted them forward to the positions afterward taken and held by them until dark, Captain Latimer and Lieutenant Terry continuing their fire from the mountain. I ordered Captain Latimer's rifle to join the battery on the mountain, and leaving three of Captain Brown's guns (two old 6-pounders and howitzer), I carried the rest directly

---------------

*Embodied in Numbers 27.

---------------

