
officers and men of the Louisiana Artillery in [the] late engagement of the 9th instant:

The behavior of both officers and men of this command in the battle [of] the 9th was such as might be expected of men fighting for their homes and liberties. it would be doing injustice to the others to mention any one for better behavior. All seemed to have always been under fire. They behaved like veterans, although this was their first engagement. Besides, there was no opportunity for individual distinction. There were none absent without leave, nor could I have made them leave even had I ordered it.

L. E. D'AQUIN,

Captain.

Numbers 66. Report of Colonel William E. Jones, Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

ORANGE COURT-HOUSE, VA.

August 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 9th instantly my regiment was ordered on a reconnaissance near Madison Court-House. The march of 25 miles was made by sundown and without incident or discovery worthy of record. On returning to camp we first learned that the battle of Cedar Run had been progressing the greater part of the day, and moved on without a moment's delay to the scene of action. Not being able to see you or General Jackson, by the advice of General Hill I passed between the brigades of General Field and Early about dark for the purpose of pressing the enemy in retreat. After turning the woods on our right I came on the enemy, drawn up in such order and force as rendered a charge exceedingly dangerous. Holding our post for observation, couriers were sent to inform a battery sending out shells of inquiry of the position of the enemy. Before our artillery could be brought to bear a body of cavalry threatened us, but a gallant charge on our part soon caused them to take shelter under their infantry. We killed one of their horses. Now our artillery commenced shelling the position of the enemy, causing them to retire, and we followed as soon as we could safely from our own shell. A negro servant of an officer was captured near this point, from whom we gained the first information of the arrival of General Sigel's force on the field. This intelligence was at once sent to the rear. The fierce cannonade, probably from the guns of this command newly arrived, swept the ground immediately in our rear, and compelled us to seek the shelter of a friendly hill until they had sufficiently amused themselves. The result of our advance was 11 privates, 3 lieutenant, and 1 negro captured from the enemy.

My thanks are due to Mr. Thomas Richards, independent scout, and to Lieutenant McCarty, acting adjutant of the regiment, for their activity, zeal, and courage displayed on this occasion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. E. JONES,

Colonel Seventh Virginia Cavalry.

General B. H. ROBERTSON.

