
AUGUST 13, 1862.-Reconnaissance toward Orange Court-House and skirmish.

Report of Brigadier General John Buford, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry.
HDQRS. CAV. Brigadier, 2nd CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 13, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions received from the major-general commanding Army of Virginia this morning, I proceeded in the direction of Orange Court-House with the First Vermont, Colonel Tompkins; First Michigan, Colonel Brodhead; First Virginia, Lieutenant-Colonel Richmond, Fifth New York, Colonel De Forest (cavalry regiments), and four pieces of artillery. About 3 or 4 miles from your headquarters I discovered the pickets of the enemy, and soon after two large bodies of cavalry, and the woods filled with footmen. A strong line of skirmishers was thrown out, who soon drove in the pickets. When in range of the enemy a few shells were thrown, which dispersed him in all directions. The footmen kept in the woods and fled by Rapidan Station. The cavalry fled down the Orange Court-House roads. I pursued them cautiously, fearing an ambuscade, to Cooked River, which had swollen to such an extent that my artillery could not cross. Part of the First Vermont and First Virginia Cavalry swam the river and continued the pursuit to Robertson River, which was so full and turbulent as to be extremely dangerous. In the pursuit a good many prisoners, wounded in Saturday's fight, were found almost abandoned. Major Andrews, chief of artillery to General Jackson, was found, badly wounded, at Crooked River, in charge of an assistant surgeon. The flight of the enemy after Saturday's fight was most precipitate and in great confusion. His old camp was strewn with dead men, horses, and arms. His flag of truce yesterday, to bury his dead, afforded some more time for his escape. The enemy to-day has the benefit of a hard rain, which put high water between us.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. BUFORD,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff.

AUGUST 15-16, 1962.-Expedition from Fredericksburg to Port Royal, Va.

Report of Acting Master Nelson Provost, U. S. Navy, commanding United States Steamer Anacostia.

UNITED STATES STEAMER ANACOSTIA,

Fredericksburg, Va., August 16, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, agreeably to your orders, I went on board the steamboat Cooper's Point, Captain O. Lachemeyer, with a detachment of 6 men of the crew of the U. S. gunboat Anacostia, and 25 of the Ninth New York Volunteers (Hawkins' Zouaves), in command of Lieutenant Herbert. The whole force was armed, and we also had two brass howitzers, which are attached to Lieutenant Herbert's company. Our point destination was Port Royal (a small town, some

