
35 miles below Fredericksburg, on the Rappahannock River), where, we were credibly informed, regular communication was held with Richmond and Baltimore.

On the way down I landed at several plantations, and found them deserted by the proprietors. From information received from contraband I was led to believe that recruits for the rebel army were being ferried across the river to Port Royal and passed thence to Richmond, and that arms, goods, and stores of various kinds were safely sent by the same route. Accordingly I hauled my vessel up the stream and waited for night. About midnight a negro brought me word that a wagon load of goods had arrived and was waiting transportation across the river. Taking Captain Lachemeyer and 10 men I ascended the bank, and a short distance from the ferry found and arrested 3 young men, who acknowledged that they were on their way to Richmond to join the rebel army. About half an hour later a party of 10 more, in a four-horse wagon, came up, and were met and held in talk by Captain Lachemeyer (who led them to suppose him to be a rebel soldier) until I arrived with a fresh detachment and took them prisoners. Part of them were armed with pistols, but a careful search of their baggage revealed no papers except some of little importance, which accompany this report.* I also destroyed several small boats at Port Royal, and burned the canal-boat, which they used to ferry persons across the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON PROVOST,

Commanding United States Steamer Anacostia.

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE.

AUGUST 16-SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.-Campaign in Norther Virginia.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

August 16, 1862.-The Army of Norther Virginia (Confederate advances from Gordonsville.

6-17, 1862-Reconnaissance toward Louisa Court-House.

17, 1862.-Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, assigned to the command of all the cavalry of the Army of Norther Virginia.

18, 1862.-Skirmishes near Rapidan Station and on Clark's Mountain.

18-19, 1862.-The Army of Virginia (Union) retires to north bank of the Rappahannock.

20, 1862.-Skirmishes at Raccoon Ford, Stevensburg, Brandy Station, Rappahannock Station, and near Kelly's Ford.

21, 1862.-Skirmishes along the Rappahannock, at Kelly's, Beverly (or Cunningham's), and Freeman's Fords, etc.

22, 1862.-Actions at Freeman's Ford and Hazel River and skirmishers along the Rappahannock.

Raid on Catlett's Station.

23, 1862.-Engagement at Rappahannock Station.

Action at Beverly Ford.

Skirmish at Fant's Ford.

23-24, 1862.-Actions at Sulphur (or Warrenton) Springs.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

16 R R-VOL XII, PT II

