
Numbers 13.-Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 14.-Major Robert Reily, Seventy-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 8-September 2.

Numbers 15.-Lieutenant George B. Haskins, Battery K, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations August 22-30.

Numbers 16.-Brigadier General Carl Schurz, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 17.-Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of operation August 22-30.

Numbers 18.-Captain Hubert Dilger, Battery I, First Ohio Light Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 19.-Colonel Gust. A. Muhleck, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade (Second Division, attached to Third Division), of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 20.-Lieutenant Colonel Stephen J. McGroarty, Sixty-first Ohio Infantry, First Brigade, Third Division, of operations August 24-31.

Numbers 21.-Major Franz Blessing, Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 22.-Colonel Wlademeir Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 23.-Major Stephen Kovacs, Fifty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 24.-Captain Frederick Braun, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations August 20-31.

Numbers 25.-Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Independent Brigade, First Corps, Army of Virginia, of operations August 13-31.

Numbers 26.-Itinerary of the Second Corps, Army of Virginia, Major General Nathaniel P. Banks, U. S. Army, commanding, August 1-31.

Numbers 27.-Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army, commanding Third Corps, Army of Virginia, of operations August 7-September 2.

Numbers 28.-Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 29.-Brigadier General Abner Doubleday, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 30.-Major Edward Pye, Ninety-fifth new York Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 31.-Lieutenant Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 32.-Lieutenant Colonel Theodore B. Gates, Eightieth New York Infantry, Third Brigade, of operations August 19-September 2.

Numbers 33.-Brigadier General John Gibbon, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement near Gainesville and battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 34.-Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Brag, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville.

Numbers 35.-Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division of operations August 18-September 4, including engagement at Thoroughfare Gap and battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 36.-Colonel Thomas F. McCoy, One hundred and seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, First Brigade, of operations August 17-31, including engagement at Thoroughfare Gap and battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 37.-Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Richardson, Twenty-sixth New York Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 38.-Lieutenant Colonel Calvin Littlefield Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

