
Numbers 39.-Major George W. Gile, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 40.-Colonel Peter Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 41.-Brigadier General John F. Reynolds, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of operations August 21-September 5, including engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 42.-Brigadier General George G. Meade, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 21-September 4, including battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 43.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Kane, Kane's Rifle Battalion, of skirmish at Catlett's Station.

Numbers 44.-Brigadier General A. Sanders Piatt, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 45.-Colonel Gustav Waagner, Second New York Heavy Artillery, Reserve Corps, Army of Virginia, of action at Bull Run Brigade.

Numbers 46.-Lieutenant James V. Lawrence, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

Numbers 47.-Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Kanawha Division, of reconnaissance to Dranesville, Herndon Station, and Frying Pan, August 31.

Numbers 48.-Colonel E. Parker Scammon, Twenty-third Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

Numbers 49.-Lieutenant Robert P. Kennedy, Acting Assistant Adjutant- General, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

Numbers 50.-Lieutenant Colonel Augustus H. Coleman, Eleventh Ohio Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

Numbers 51.-Colonel Carr B. White, Twelfth Ohio Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 52.-Major General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army, commanding Third Corps, Army of the Potomac, of operations August 14- September 2, including engagement at Kettle Run, and battles of Groveton, Bull Run, and Chantilly.

Numbers 53.-Brigadier General Philip Kearny, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 54.-Brigadier General David B. Birney, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battle of Chantilly.

Numbers 55.-Itinerary of the Sixth Maine Battery, Captain Freeman McGilvery, August 3-30.

Numbers 56.-Captain George E. Randolph, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battle of Chantilly.

Numbers 57.-Captain William M. Graham, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 58.-Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton, Bull Run, and Chantilly.

Numbers 59.-Captain James F. Ryan, Sixty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 60.-Major Moses B. Lakeman, Third Maine Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battle of Groveton.

Numbers 61.-Colonel Elijah Walker, Fourth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Groveton.

Numbers 62.-Major Edwin Burt, Third Maine Infantry, commanding First New York Infantry, of the battle of Groveton.

Numbers 63.-Colonel J. H. Hobart Ward, Thirty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations August 15-31.

Numbers 64.-Lieutenant Colonel Nelson A. Gesner, One hundred and first New York Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

