
Numbers 65.-Itinerary of the Third (Berry's) Brigade, August 15-30.

Numbers 66.-Colonel Orlando M. Poe, Second Michigan Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battles of Groveton, Bull Run, and Chantilly.

Numbers 67.-Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the condition of his division August 31.

Numbers 68.-Captain George E. Randolph, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery of engagement at Kettle Run.

Numbers 69.-Captain Joseph C. Clark, Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Kettle Run.

Numbers 70.-Brig General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 71.-Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 72.-Major Gardner Banks, Sixteenth Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 73.-Captain Joab N. Patterson, Second New Hampshire Infantry, of operations August 25-September 3.

Numbers 74.-Major Robert L. Bodine, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 25-September 3.

Numbers 75.-Brigadier General Nelson Taylor, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 76.-Captain Charles L. Young, Seventieth New York Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 77.-Captain Owen Murphy, Seventh-first New York Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 78.-Captain Harman J. Bliss, Seventy-second New York Infantry, of operations near Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 79.-Captain M. William Burns, Seventy-third New York Infantry, of engagement at kettle Run and battle of Groveton.

Numbers 80.-Colonel Joseph B. Carr, Second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 15-30, including engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 81.-Lieutenant Colonel William J. Sewell, Fifth New Jersey Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 82.-Lieutenant Colonel George C. Burling, Sixth new Jersey Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 83.-Colonel Joseph W. Revere, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 84.-Captain George Hoffman, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 85.-Lieutenant Colonel Robert Thompson, One hundred and Fifteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 86.-Itinerary of the Fifth Army Corps, Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding, August 14-September 2.

Numbers 87.-Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, First Division, of operations August 15- September 20.

Numbers 88.-Captain Richard Waterman, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run and the Maryland Campaign.

Numbers 89.-Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

Numbers 90.-Colonel Charles W. Roberts, Second Maine Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 91.-Colonel Elisha G. Marshall, Thirteenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

Numbers 92.-Colonel Henry S. Lansing, Seventeenth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.

