
to the extreme left. The infantry brigade of General Steinwehr, commanded by Colonel Koltes, was then sent forward to the assistance of Generals Schenck and Schurz, and one regiment was detailed for the protection of a battery posted in reserve near our center. The troops of Brigadier-General Reynolds had meanwhile (12 o'clock) taken position on our left. In order to defend our right I sent a letter to General Kearny, saying that Longstreet was not able to bring his troops in line of battle that day, and requesting him (Kearny) to change his front to the left, and to advance, if possible, against the enemy's left flank. To assist him in this movement I ordered two long-range rifled guns to report to him, as him own battery had remained in reserve behind his lines.

At 2 o'clock in the afternoon General Hooker's troops arrived on the field of battle, and were immediately ordered forward by their noble commander to participate in the battle. One brigade, under Colonel Carr, received orders, by my request, to relieve the regiments of General Schurz' division, which had maintained their ground against repeated attacks, but were now worn-out and nearly without ammunition. Other regiments were sent forward to relieve Brigadier-General Milroy, whose brigade had valiantly disputed the ground against greatly superior numbers for eight hours.

To check the enemy if he should attempt to advance, or for the purpose of preparing and supporting an attack from our side, I placed four batteries of different commands on a range of hills on our center and behind the woods, which had been the most hotly contested part of the battle-field during the day.

I had previously received a letter from Major-General Pope, saying that Fitz John Porter's corps and Brigadier-General king's division, numbering 20,000 men, would come in on our left. I did, therefore, not think it prudent to give the enemy time to make new arrangements, and ordered all the batteries to continue their fire, and to direct it principally against the enemy's in the woods before our front. Some of our troops placed in front were retiring from the woods, but as the enemy, held in check by the artillery in the center, did not venture to follow, and as at this moment new regiments of General Hooker's command arrived and were ordered forward, we maintained our position, which Generals Milroy and Schurz had occupied in the morning.

During two hours, from 4 to 6 p.m., strong cannonading and musketry continued on our center and right, where General Kearny made a successful effort against the extreme left of the enemy's lines.

At 6.15 o'clock Brigadier-General King's division, of Major-General McDowell's corps, arrived behind our front, and advanced on the Gainesville turnpike. I do not know the real result of this movement, but from the weakness of the enemy's cannonade and the gradually decreasing musketry in the direction of General Kearny's attack I received the impression that the enemy's resistance was broken and that victory was on our side; and so it was. We had won the field of battle, and our army rested near the dead and wounded who had so gloriously defended the good cause of this country.

3.-BATTLE OF THE 30TH OF AUGUST.

On Saturday, the 30th of August, I was informed by Major-General Pope that it was his intention to "break the enemy's left," and that I,

