
Run by the ford near the stone bridge, and the whole train had passed over the bridge. It was now between 9 and 10 p.m. I then marched to the turnpike, crossed the bridge over Bull Run, and took position on the left and right of the bridge, throwing my pickets out on the other (south) side of the creek toward the battle-field. Soon afterward an officer of General McDowell's staff directed me to fall back, as the enemy was threatening the line of retreat. It was now after midnight, when I ordered my command to continue its march toward Centerville, first destroying the bridge across Bull Run. Our rear guard was composed of part of General Schurz' division, two pieces of Captain Dilger's battery, and a detachment of Colonel Kane's Bucktail Rifles, which had some up with several guns collected on their march of retreat.

I reached Centerville at daybreak on the 31st of August, my command encamping in front of and occupying the intrenchments of that place.

Our losses during the two days' battle in killed, wounded, and missing, according to the official lists sent in, are 92 officers and 1,891 non-commissioned officers and privates.

To be just to the officers and soldiers under my command I must say that they performed their duties during the different movements and engagements of the whole campaign with the greatest promptness, energy, and fortitude. Commanders of divisions and brigades, of regiments and batteries, and the commanders of our small cavalry force, have assisted me under small circumstances cheerfully and to the utmost of their ability, and so have the commanders of the two batteries of Major-General Banks' corps (Captain Roemer' and Captain Hampton's), under Major Keefer, attached to me since our arrival at Freeman's Ford.

it also me pleasure to mention the faithful services of the members of my staff and of such officers as were detailed to me for special duty. To them, as well as to the officers and members of my escort, the pioneer companies, and to my scouts, I hereby express my high regard and warmest gratitude.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Defenses South of the Potomac.

No. 3. Report of Colonel John Beardsley, Ninth New York Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of operations August 10-September 5.
HDQRS. CAV. Brigadier, FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Hall's Farm, Va., September 13, 1862.

GENERAL: in making out a report of the active operations of the brigade of cavalry under my command, it appears proper that I should date it back to the battle of Cedar Mountain, on the 9th day of August, although we did not come up in time to participate in the battle, yet on the following morning my cavalry was sent out to patrol the different thoroughfares, examine the different fords, reconnoiter the enemy's position, and continued a series of active operations, almost

