
without rest, up to the time we arrived in the vicinity of the Potomac, on or about the 5th day of September instant.

The horses of the command had been taxed to the utmost of their strength when we reached Warrenton Springs, on the 18th day of August. They had been almost constantly under the saddle since the battle of Cedar Mountain, having been irregularly and scantily fed upon what the barrenness of the country afforded. When the series of engagements commenced along the Rappahannock my brigade was in constant demand, and was moved here and there, either to guard different fords or examine the country. Much of my force was at times detailed and placed under the different division and brigade commanders. During the engagement at Freeman's Ford I was ordered over the river with six companies of cavalry to ascertain the position of the enemy, which I was not long in doing, for upon reaching the top of the river bank they were to be seen in strong force in front and down the river on our left, which fact I reported, and soon after received orders to return. There was no time that my brigade was not in constant requisition, moving with rapidity wherever ordered. When the corps moved, my brigade invariably took the post of rear guard and flankers.

On the morning after our return to near Warrenton Springs I joined General Bayard' brigade, with three regiments and two mountain howitzer, and we proceeded together to the rear of Warrenton Springs, in the direction of Waterloo Bridge, the enemy's cavalry, about 1,000 strong, retiring before us .

On the afternoon of August 25, while in the vicinity of Waterloo Bridge, I received orders to occupy Warrenton Springs with such of my command as I had at my disposal. I accordingly sent a company forward to carefully reconnoiter the place, and no sooner had its advance approached the springs than it was fired upon from the houses and adjoining fields, and it was reported to me that the enemy was there in force. I reported the fact, and received orders to shell the place, which I did, after examining the woods to my right and left. The enemy being seen to cross on the burning timbers of the bridge, which had been fired by our troops in the morning, and others wading, I ceased firing, and sent a small party first and then a squadron of cavalry to examine the place, and found it vacated. About this time the enemy opened with a battery from the opposite side of the river, and obtained our range. Their battery being of heavier caliber than our own, I drew back a short distance, and left pickets near the Warrenton House. The enemy then commenced shelling the place, and a shell struck the Warrenton House. The building was soon in flames, whether from our own shell or those of the enemy I am unable to say. That night ar 12 o'clock we withdrew to Warrenton Village.

The next day (26th) I received orders to report with the Fourth New York, Ninth New York, Sixth Ohio, and three companies of the Connecticut cavalry, with two pieces of artillery, to General Buford, which I did at midnight; and on the morning of the 27th I followed him in the direction of Salem, which place we reached about midday. Several prisoners were taken; and here it was ascertained that Longstreet, with his command, was about 2 miles from us, on the way up to Salem, and Jackson had passed on toward White Plains, and was en route for Thoroughfare Gap. We soon left for White Plains, picking up several stragglers from the enemy, and Salem was occupied by Longstreet's forces in a few minutes after we left, as it was ascertained by our pickets left in the rear. We turned to the right from White Plains and struck the road leading back to Warrenton, which place we reached at 9

