
o'clock in the evening. The enemy was seen by our rear guard following us up to Warrenton. We guarded Warrenton that night, all other troops having left, and also guarded the road in the direction of Gainesville, and on the 28th brought up the rear of the army, joining the corps on the morning of the 29th. My horses were completely worn out and almost in a starving condition. All along our route, from White Plains and from Warrenton to Bull Run, they were dropping down with their riders and dying, so that when I reported to you on the morning of the 29th most of my horses were unable to carry the rider and had to be led. Nevertheless I selected all that could possibly be used and placed them on duty. About midday on the 30th, by your direction, I placed the Fourth New York Cavalry on the road to the left of our position on that day, with directions to send out patrols for a mile or more to the front and left; but they had been there but a short time when they became engaged with the enemy's right. For a full report I would respectfully refer you to Lieutenant-Colonel Nazer's report.

On the evening of the 30th my command remained near the battle -field, and brought up the rear of the army to Centreville the next morning.

Again a portion of my brigade brought up the rear of General Sumner's division from Fairfax on the 4th instant, a large portion having been detailed away to act with General Buford.

When a short distance from Fairfax the enemy opened upon us with two pieces of artillery stationed to our left, and as we moved our position they changed theirs, and so continued to annoy us until their cavalry were drawn into a wood, near night, for the purpose of capturing our artillery, when a brigade of infantry rose and gave them a volley, and we were no longer disturbed, until at midnight we got into a thick wood at the cross-roads this side of Vienna, when they gave us a volley and retired, killing several and wounding about 20.

It would be difficult to enumerate all the duties which my brigade performed. It could not have done more. Without transportation, without supplies, almost constantly in the saddle day and night, frequently engaged with the enemy, they bore all without a murmur.

I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BEARDSLEY,

Colonel Ninth Cavalry, Commanding Cavalry Brigade.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps, Army of Virginia.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles Wetschky, First Maryland Cavalry, of operations August 21-September 3.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT MARYLAND CAVALRY,Hall's Farm, Va., September 17, 1862.

Pursuant to order this day received the following report of the part taken by this command in the recent battles on the Rappahannock and at Bull is respectfully forwarded:

The regiment, in common with General Sigel's corps, left Sulphur Springs on the 21st instant, under orders to proceed to Fayetteville,

