
arriving near General Pope's headquarters at about 1 o'clock p.m. At about 3 p.m. the command moved to the right, and after remaining for some time on the right flank was bivouacked for the night about 2 miles from General Pope's headquarters. During the night a portion of the command, under Major Deems, made a reconnaissance near the river bank, and were fired upon by the enemy's infantry. Early on the morning of the 22nd the regiment was ordered to proceed to Freeman's Ford, near which place it remained during the day, doing duty at scouting, patrolling, &amp;c., and bivouacking during the night. On the 23rd the command returned to Sulphur Springs, arriving at that place about 3 p.m. In common with the brigade, this regiment bivouacked near Sulphur Springs, and on the morning of the 24th moved to the right, near Waterloo Bridge, discovering the enemy's pickets on the bank of the river, a short distance from the bridge; returning to Sulphur Springs, and remaining there until about 2 p.m., when the command of General Sigel moved toward Waterloo Bridge, encamping about 3 miles from the bridge for the night.

On the morning of the 25th moved to a piece of woods near Waterloo Bridge, and during the day did heavy duty at scouting and patrolling. About dark moved with the corps toward Warrenton, arriving at Warrenton about 8 o'clock on the morning of the 26th. The regiment remained at Warrenton until the morning of the 27th, during the intervening time doing duty at scouting and reconnoitering; and on the morning of the 27th moved toward Gainesville, a portion of the regiment being in advance and two companies acting as a rear guard. When near Gainesville the advance of General Sigel's corps fell in with the enemy, and the portion of this command that was in the advance did good service in picking up the scatterers from the enemy's force, encamping for the night near Gainesville, and proceeding on toward Manassas Junction early on the morning of the 28th instant.

During the 28th the regiment was very actively engaged in scouting, flanking, and reconnoitering, and succeeded in capturing between 70 and 80 prisoners. On the afternoon of the 28th a detachment of 30 men, under the regimental adjutant, discovered near Bull Run a large force of Confederate cavalry in line and heavy bodies of infantry and artillery passing toward Gainesville. On reporting to a brigadier-general, probably General Schenck, he was ordered to advance and discover who they were. After succeeding in capturing 33 prisoners, 15 of whom were abandoned afterward because of being closely pressed, and having no knowledge of re-enforcements coming, the squad was met by Captain Asmussen, of General Sigel's staff, with a detachment of cavalry, and ere long the corps of General Sigel moved in that direction.

During Friday, the 29th, Lieutenant Wetschky, with a portion of his command, were engaged is scouting and flanking, the remainder of the command being stationed near the headquarters of General Sigel. on Friday night the regiment, which for four days had been acting in detached bodies, was again consolidated, and early on the morning of the 30th was ordered to report to Colonel Beardsley, commanding cavalry brigade. During the battle of the 30th the cavalry was held in reserve until the left wing gave way, when an effort was made by the cavalry to stop the stragglers. After remaining at this duty until orders were received from the brigade commander to form a line of battle to the right of the retreating column, scarcely had the line been formed when a battery of the enemy commenced shelling

18 R R-VOL XII, PT II

