
the line. After falling behind a hill, out of range of the shell, and being ordered to remain there until receiving further orders, the regiment was left without orders until the bridge over Bull Run had been nearly destroyed, when the officer in charge of the party who were ordered to destroy sent a message for the cavalry to come up in great haste-that he had just discovered that they were still in the rear. After fording the stream remained with the rear guard until arriving at near Centerville. On rejoining the cavalry brigade, which was on the 31st August, the command remained on duty at Centerville, Fairfax Court-House, and intervening points, arriving at Langley, Va., on the morning of the 3rd September. Although from the fact of the regiment being so much scattered it was prevented from accomplishing as much as might have been otherwise, still I feel justified in stating that the command behaved in a creditable manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CH. WETSCHKY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

No. 5. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ferries Nazer, Fourth New York Cavalry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH NEW YORK CAVALRY,Camp Hall's Farm, Va.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, August 30, 1862, the regiment under my command was stationed by General Sigel upon the extreme left of the army, to watch a road by which re-enforcements for the enemy were expected. I remained at this point until the left wing of our army gave way and a number of shells had been thrown amongst us, when, observing a large body of the enemy's cavalry emerging from a wood with the evident intention of cutting off my command, I marched it to rejoin the army. I had proceeded but a short distance when we came upon and passed two regiments of rebel cavalry, supported by infantry, and a battery drawn up in line, under cover of the crest of a hill, preparing to charge upon General Buford's brigade, stationed on the opposite side of the hill. I informed General Buford of the enemy's whereabouts and intention, and at his request quickly formed my command into line behind the First Michigan Cavalry, and with that regiment charged upon the enemy, scattering them in every direction. Reforming our lines we engaged a fresh regiment hand to hand, but finding that we received no support from the rear and that we were greatly outnumbered by the enemy's cavalry, also being subject to a heavy fire from their infantry, which was now advancing at double-quick, we were compelled to retire. The number of men of my regiment under my command on this occasion was but 130. Of these 63 are killed, wounded, and missing, besides one officer killed, Lieutenant J. Mire. Our men charged upon the enemy with sabers only, receiving as they did so a hot fire from their revolvers, carbines, &amp;c.

Throughout the entire affair my command behaved with the greatest coolness and gallantry.

F. NAZER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fourth New York Cavalry.

