
No. 6. Report of Major Charles McLean Knox, Ninth New York Cavalry, of operations August 18-September 2.

August 18. Commencing August 18 we formed the rear guard of General Sigel's corps in its retreat from the Rapidan River.

August 20, arrived at Sulphur Springs, Va.

August 21, left Sulphur Springs and arrived at Freeman's Ford, where, on the 22nd, we made several reconnaissance in front of the enemy.

August 23, left Freeman's Ford, and formed the advance guard to General Schenck's division. On arriving at Fayetteville were ordered by General Schenck to make a reconnaissance to Deep Creek, about 2 miles from Sulphur Springs. On approaching the banks of the creek our advanced skirmishers were fired upon by a party of the enemy. An active skirmish followed, in which we silenced the enemy without suffering loss ourselves. We held our position until General Milroy's brigade came to our assistance, when a brisk fight followed.

August 24, we were ordered to return to Fayetteville to cover the rear of the army.

August 25, we were again ordered to proceed to Sulphur Springs. As we were crossing Deep Creek we were opened upon by artillery and infantry, and were obliged to retire a short distance and proceed by another road to Warrenton.

August 26, we returned to Fayetteville, and escorted a portion of General Sigel's train to Warrenton.

August 27, we were sent with our brigade on a reconnaissance to Salem and White Plains. Our advanced skirmishers captured quite a number of prisoners.

August 28, we reported to General Sigel near the Bull Run battle-field.

August 29, we lay all day in rear of our forces as a reserve during the battle.

August 30, when the panic began we formed line single rank in front of our retreating forces, to check the retreat of our disorganized troops from the field.

August 31, we proceeded to Centerville, where we remained until the afternoon of September 1, when we were ordered to report to General Buford at Germantown.

September 2, we were ordered by General Buford to proceed to the incomplete railroad west of Fairfax Court-House, to cover the rear of General Sigel's corps. Our advanced skirmishers were there attacked by a party of the enemy, and in a skirmish that followed we lost 2 men killed and 1 wounded.

During the entire campaign daily detachments were made from our regiment for reconnoitering, picket, and patrol duty.

CHARLES McLEAN KNOX,

Major, Commanding Ninth New York Cavalry.

