
H, cutting off the fore legs of a horse. Another fell into a group of mounted men, immediately to the rear of my line, cutting off both arms of a mounted man. These shots, to my surprise, seemed to come from the extreme right on the line of battle. We were shortly afterward ordered to withdraw, and with the brigade, conducted by Colonel Beardsley, we moved on toward Centerville with the then retreating army. We reached Centerville about midnight. The next day, Sunday, we rested, sending one company, Captain Richart, to report to your headquarters.

Monday afternoon I was ordered, with my regiment and the Ninth New York and two companies of the First Connecticut, to report to General Buford, then on the road leading to Fairfax. A short distance from camp we found he had turned off the main road northward, and we followed in the same direction. We soon came up with the column of General Reno, whose skirmishers were there engaging the enemy, then approaching the left of our line on the Centerville road, evidently for the purpose od cutting off our trains. We passed close to Reno's column, following the course taken by General Buford. We turned the right of Reno's line when the battle was apparently hottest, a thunder-storm in terrific fury breaking forth at the same time. We found General Buford just at night posted on the road leading from Fairfax toward Leesburg, only 100 yards from the Centerville pike, and apparently not more than half a mile from the battle ground where General Kearny and Stevens fell. General Buford assigned us a position near the pike, which we occupied until morning.

At daylight we found in position on the same ground the divisions of Major-Generals Hooker and Couch, and subsequently on the Centerville road, to the left of their lines, the division of General Franklin. General Buford ordered the Ninth New York on some detached duty, and left me with the Sixth Ohio two companies of the First Connecticut to take orders from Major-General Hooker.

About 4 o'clock in the afternoon I was ordered by this officer to move my cavalry forward half a mile on the Leesburg road, to watch the enemy, whose moving column was there visible. In the mean time his command and Franklin's were both withdrawn toward Fairfax. He then sent an order directing me to call in my pickets and return slowly to the forks of the road, and report there to General Bayard. I found General Bayard at that point with a large body of cavalry, and by his orders joined his column and marched to Alexandria, arriving there about daylight in the morning. The evening of the same day I reported to you near the Chain Bridge, and by your direction went into camp at the headquarters of Colonel Beardsley, a mile above the Chain Bridge.

During this march of the army our horses suffered constantly from excessive work and want of forage. No day passed in which we did not lose one to ten from sheer exhaustion. The result is that for our two battalions, still numbering 596 men, we need 448 horses to render my command effective.

The hard service and hard fare of my men were endured without murmuring. No enlisted man was arrested for straggling, and but two appear on the rolls of the 30th as missing. No officer of my regiment during this fatiguing and disheartening march absented himself from duty.

Our regimental surgeon, Dr. Finch, employed and assigned to duty in my regiment by the State of Ohio, has been serving since the 29th

