
ultimo in the general hospital and is now on duty at Alexandria. His faithful services there are entitled to especial mention.

W. R. LLOYD,

Colonel, Commanding Sixth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps, Army of Virginia.

No. 8. Reports of Brigadier General Robert C. Schenck, U. S. Army, commanding First Division (by Lieutenant Chesebrought), of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the First Division, First Corps, Army of Virginia, in the battle of Friday, the 30th ultimo, at Bull Run:

On Thursday, the 29th ultimo, we left Buckland Mills, passing through Gainesville, and proceeded on the Manassas Junction pike to within some 4 miles of that place, and then turned eastwardly, marching toward Bull Run. The scouts in advance reported a force of the enemy, consisting of infantry and cavalry, in front. We were hurried forward, and formed line of battle with our toward Centerville. Some few shell were thrown into a clump of woods in front where the enemy were last seen, but without eliciting any response. Some two hours elapsed, when heavy firing was heard on our left, which we concluded was from McDowell's corps and the enemy, who had worked around from our front in that direction. We were immediately put in motion, and marched on the Warrenton road and took position for the night on a hill east of the stone house, our right resting on the pike. On Friday morning early the engagement was commenced by General Milroy on our right, in which we soon after took part, and a rapid artillery fire ensued from both sides. For some time heavy columns of the enemy could be seen filling out of a wood in front and gradually falling back. They were within range of our arms, which were turned on them, and must have done some execution. An hour after we received the order to move one brigade by the flank to the left and advance, which was done. We here obtained a good position for artillery, and stationed De Beck's First Ohio Battery, which did excellent service, dismounting one of the enemy's guns, blowing up a caisson, and silencing the battery. Unfortunately, however, they were poorly supplied with ammunition, and soon compelled to withdraw. Our two brigades were now put in motion. General Stahel, commanding First Brigade, marching around the right of the hill to a hollow in front, was ordered to draw up in line of battle and halt. Colonel McLean advanced around the left of the hill under cover of the woods, pressing gradually forward until he struck the turnpike at a white house about one half mile in advance of the stone house. General Milroy's brigade arrived about the same time.

We here halted and sent back for General Stahel, who took the pike and soon joined us. We then formed our line of battle in the woods to the left of the pike, our right resting on the road, and then pushed

