
The artillery fire now became very severe, and General Schenck was convinced that it was very essential that he should have another battery, and so sent me to you to get one. I arrived to find one (Captain Roemer's) just starting. You also directed me to order General Schenck to fall gradually back, as he was too far forward. This he had perceived, and, anticipating, fell slowly back, placing his division behind the slope of the hill in front of the one we had occupied in the morning. Captain Roemer's battery in the mean while had taken position in front of the white house on the right on the pike, a little in advance of the hill on which we were. Lieutenant Benjamin's battery had suffered severely, so much so that he reported only one section fit for duty, the other having lost all its cannoneers. They were placed in position, and fired one or two rounds at the woods in front of the position we had just left, more to get the range than anything else. We were now ordered to descend the hill, cross the road, and take up our position behind the house in front of which was Captain Roemer's battery. This we did, deploying the brigades in line of battle-the Second Brigade in front and the First Brigade in the rear. We remained so during the night.

The above report is respectfully submitted, with the remark that it is made without any communication with General Schenck, he being severely wounded and prevented by his surgeon's orders from attending to any business whatever; and although fully assured that the main points are correct, there may have been some orders or movements of minor importance which in my position as aide, carrying orders, might not have come within my notice.

I am, general, your most obedient servant,

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

A. D. C. and A. A. A. G., 1st Corps, Army of Va.

Major General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps, Army of Virginia.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a continuation of the report of the active participation of the First Division in the battles of the 29th and 30th ultimo.

I have already stated the position taken by the division after the battle of Friday, the 29th. We remained in this position until about 1 o'clock p.m. of Saturday, the 30th ultimo, when we were ordered to form column by division-by battalion. This was accomplished after some difficulty, occasioned by large bodies of troops pouring in from our rear getting in between the brigades, and causing great confusion and much counter-marching. After the movement was completed we stood as follows: To the right of the pike and to the rear of Dogan's farm, the Second Brigade in front of the First Brigade. We remained thus for some time, when your ordered us to detail one regiment to march to a point on the left of the road for the purpose of making a connection with General Reynolds, on our left. The Fifty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteers was selected by Colonel McLean, commanding Second Brigade, and proceeded, under the direction of one of your aides, to the designated place. Soon after your ordered us to send a battery, with a brigade to support it, across and to the left of the road, to occupy a bald hill. This order was executed by sending the Second

