
road a half mile from the stone house, where they commenced to reorganize.

It was about the time that the Second Brigade was retiring from the bald hill that General Stahel was ordered to send a regiment to its support. The Forty-first New York, and about the some time Colonel Koltes' brigade, of General Schurz' division, followed a short time after by Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade, marched up the hill, but they arrived too late to render any assistance to McLean, and, after fighting most gallantly against heavy odds, were compelled to yield. The enemy followed up their advantage vigorously, took possession of the hill, and pressed steadily in the road. General Stahel now moved the Eighth New York and Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania across the heights to the right and rear of Dogan's farm, leaving the Forty-fifth New York to protect Schirmer's battery, which he placed on the hill to the rear of Dogan's house, and directed its fire on the advancing enemy. The enemy still continued to approach. The Forty-fifth now changed their position to between the pike and Dogan's house, and succeeded in checking the enemy's advance and driving them back across the road. General Stahel then fell back, taking the road across the heights behind the stone house to a position on the left (west) of the road, and here assembled his brigade. Colonel McLean soon after reported, and then General Stahel assumed command, on hearing that General Schenck had been wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Upon mentioning to General Schenck that I had been requested to make a report of Saturday's proceedings, and while unable, in his present condition, even to revise what I have written, he yet desires me to say that he wishes to express his approbation of the coolness and bravery displayed by General Stahel, Colonel McLean, and the officers and men of their respective brigades, and also to commend Lieutenant Blume and Lieutenant Hinchman, commanders of the batteries, for the active and efficient service they performed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9. Report of Brigadier General Julius Stahel, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade and First Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Near Centerville, September 1, 1862.

SIR: I herewith have the honor to submit to you the report concerning the active participation of the First Brigade, First Division, at the battle on the 29th and 30th of August:

On the 28th of August, at about dark, I arrived near Robinson's farm, and planted Schirmer's battery on the right near the farm, directing its fire into a wood on the right beside the road, as at the time a heavy infantry fight took place in front of me on the Warrenton turnpike. With the increasing darkness the fire of the battery ceased, and I marched my brigade, which had been in position behind the farm, toward

