
a hill on the left of the farm, where the brigade remained overnight, extending its pickets to Young's Branch. With break of day on the 29th I followed the Second Brigade, First Division, marching to Dogan's farm, and took position behind the farm. I remained here but a short time, when I received the order to advance on the Warrenton turnpike beyond Groveton. Having advanced about 1 mile I received the order to take position on the left of the road, resting with my right wing of the brigade on the road and with my left wing on the Second Brigade. Here I found a number of dead and wounded soldiers from McDowell's corps from the preceding evening, and I had all the possible medical assistance bestowed upon them. Having remained here half an hour a heavy skirmish took place to our right, and General Milroy sent to Brigadier-General Schenck, commanding First Division, for support. In order to support General Milroy I left said position and followed the course shown to me by General Milroy's orderly. Arriving at Young's Branch with my brigade I reported myself to General Milroy, and took my brigade to the left of Milroy's along Young's Branch, where I could prevent the enemy from breaking our lines and be ready at any to render assistance to General Milroy. Here I had but little cover for my troops and was very much exposed to the cross-fire of the enemy's artillery, in consequence whereof I sustained a loss of several dead and wounded. During these proceedings one of General Stevens' batteries and two regiments were placed behind Groveton farm to operate against the enemy's batteries. As soon as the battery commenced firing, thereby fully governing all the open ground on the right of the turnpike, and with the assistance of the two regiments making it impossible for the enemy to break through at this point, I received orders from General Schenck to take my brigade through a small defile to the left of the turnpike on the left of Groveton farm, taking position on the borders of the woods, resting my right wing on the turnpike, and the Second Brigade joining on the left, placing the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Regiments in front, the Forty-fifth and Forty-first Regiments in reserve, and two pieces of the mountain howitzer battery on the left wing of my brigade, the skirmishers in front of the brigade on a small hill and in Groveton farm. The enemy kept up a lively artillery fire upon General Stevens' battery, planted on our right wing, about 200 paces to the rear, and also upon the woods occupied by us, while the enemy's skirmishers, trying to advance on the road, were warmly received by ours, and as they threw themselves in stronger force against the skirmishers of the Eighth Regiment they were received on the top of the hill by a volley of the Eighth Regiment, whereupon they fell back and ceased firing. As the right wing seemed to have retreated the brigade received the order at about 4 o'clock to move back slowly on the left of the road and to take position on the chain of hills to the left of Dogan's farm. Having been here but a short time I received further orders to encamp behind Dogan's farm; in consequence thereof I marched there, crossing Young's Branch and the turnpike, and took camp behind the Second Brigade, where we remained overnight.

On the 30th of August the First Brigade remained in position in its camp, about 400 paces behind Dogan's farm, up to 1 o'clock p.m., till I received orders from Major-General Sigel to take position on the crescent of the hill by the side of Dogan's farm. On the crescent itself I placed, besides two already planted there, Schirmer's battery, and behind the batteries the Forty-fifth, Twenty-seventh, and Eighth Regiments of my brigade in the following order: Adjoining the

