
farm, the Forty-fifth; on the right of it, the Twenty-seventh, and on the right of this the Eighth Regiment, while the Forty-first Regiment was posted on the left of the road. The fight began in the vicinity of Groveton's farm and to the left of it very lively; also, I saw the troops that occupied the heights to my left fall back. The Forty-first Regiment was now ordered in support on the left wing, and later the whole of Colonel Koltes' brigade. The Forty-first Regiment was here attacked by a strong force of the enemy, defending itself with the greatest bravery, and yielded at last only to greatly numbers, after having already been flanked on its left, and having sustained a considerable loss of wounded and killed. Still the enemy pressed forward on our left, taking hill after hill, until he had arrived on the road leading from New Market to the stone house.

While the enemy had taken possession of the heights opposite Dogan's farm I received orders, through Major Meysenberg, assistant adjutant-general, to take position farther. In consequence thereof, I marched the Eighth and Twenty-seventh Regiments farther to their rear, and left the Forty-fifth Regiment as protection to the batteries of Major-General Hooker. Schirmer's battery now took position on the east side of Dogan's farm, directing its fire upon the opposite deploying column of the enemy's advance from the front.

The Forty-fifth Regiment then took position between the turnpike and Dogan's farm, and drove the enemy, who attacked from the left flank, back across Young's Branch. Toward 6 o'clock the batteries left their position, while the enemy was fired upon by a battery from on the heights behind the stone house. Now I ordered the Forty-fifth Regiment back, taking the road across the heights behind the stone house, where the Forty-fifth Regiment, as also the Forty-first Regiment, joined the brigade, where the brigade made another stand, and was shortly afterward joined by Colonel McLean's brigade. Here I learned that General Schenck was wounded, in consequence whereof I took command of the division, transferring the command of the First Brigade to Colonel Buchbeck. Having taken with the division a position, I ordered that all troops which came back belonging to different commands should rally behind the division, and reported myself to Major-General Sigel, remaining with him till we arrived next morning at Centerville.

It affords me the greatest pleasure to be able to report that the regiments of the First Brigade, as well as Schirmer's battery, under the command of First Lieutenant Blume, on both days fought with the greatest bravery and gallantry. To enumerate all those who distinguished themselves in the battles of the last two days is impossible, but I cannot omit to mention with great approbation the gallantry displayed by the following field officers: Colonel Buchbeck, of the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Cantador, of the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Wratislaw, commanding Forty-fifth New York State Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Holmstedt, commanding Forty-first New York State Volunteers; Major Von Einsiedel, Forty-first New York State Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Hedterich, commanding Eighth New York State Volunteers; Major Pokorny, Eighth New York State Volunteers.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JUL. STAHEL,

Brigadier-General.

Major T. A. MEYSENBERG, A. A. G.

