
next moment the troops in my rear, supposed to be friends, also opened fire with musketry and artillery. Overpowered by such superiority in numbers, after a short time the Seventy-third and Twenty-fifth fell back over the crest of the hill, but were still exposed to the fire from both columns of the enemy. I immediately, when this attack was made, gave the order to change front, so as to repel it if possible, but the retreat of the battery at this moment interfered somewhat with the movements, as it passed through the Seventy-fifth in its retreat. The Fifty-fifth, on my right flank, at the command wheeled by battalion to the left and came up into line, fronting the enemy in fine order, and the other regiments speedily formed on his left, and delivered such a heavy and continuous fire that in a short time the enemy ceased to advance, and commenced to fall back. My men followed with cheers, driving the enemy back rapidly, and would have cleared them from the field but for the fact that the forces permitted to approach our rear had got into such a position as to rake us with grape, canister, and musketry, while we were attacked severely in front. Under all this, however, my brigade retained the hill until I myself gave the order, to fall back slowly. This order was given with great reluctance, and only when my attention was called to a heavy force of the enemy approaching to attack us on our then right flank but former front. I saw that it would but destroy my whole command to await that attack, and therefore gave the order under which we left the hill.

During the course of the action General Schenck with several regiments came to my aid, but not until I had changed front. He greatly aided me by his gallant conduct in rallying and cheering on the men until he received the wound which drove him from the field.

The loss is smaller than I supposed under the circumstances it could possibly be, and I will make a full return upon this point when the particulars are fully ascertained. Both officers and men, with few exceptions, behaved with great gallantry, and had such support been given me as to protect my rear from the terrible attack made upon me from that quarter I could have continued to drive the enemy and successfully resisted his attack.

It is impossible in this report to mention the names of all those who distinguished themselves for gallantry, but I cannot refrain from noticing, with great approbation, the great coolness and gallantry displayed by the commanders of the four regiments of the brigade (Colonel Smith, Seventy-third Ohio; Colonel Lee, Fifty-fifth Ohio; Colonel Richardson, Twenty-fifth Ohio, and Major Reily, Seventy-fifth Ohio) during the whole engagement. My own horse was killed under me during the hottest of the fire.

N. C. McLEAN,

Colonel, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 1st Div., 1st Army Corps, Army of Va.

Brigadier-General STAHEL,

Commanding First Division, First Corps, Army of Virginia.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Camp at Upton's Hill, September 17, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that late on the afternoon of the 28th of August I came up with the rear of the enemy near Bull Run. After we had reached the hill, which commanded a view of the country around, the enemy placed a battery on another hill at some

