
distance, and appeared to be firing at some troops not in our corps. I immediately placed De Beck's battery in position on a hill to the left and father in advance, from which we shelled the battery of the enemy until it retired. This closed the firing on our part for the night.

On the next day, August 29, we were at an early hour marched forward in line of battle on the extreme left toward the enemy, with whom we were only changed by our skirmishers. During the whole day we were in line of battle and often exposed to fire from the artillery of the enemy, but otherwise we were not actively engaged.

Our position was frequently changed, sometimes advancing and sometimes retiring, and expecting momentarily an attack. At one time the division of General Reynolds took position on my left and advanced a little beyond my front line, but in a short time General Meade informed me that he had placed a battery, which he had been compelled to withdraw on account of the superior force in artillery which had been brought against it, and that the enemy were marching around on our left in such heavy force that he had decided to fall back immediately, and the then marched the troops which had been a little in advance on my left to some point in my rear. I reported the facts to General Schenck, and he then ordered me to fall back a short distance to another position, which was accordingly done. We remained here until near night, when we were placed in the position we occupied until the after noon of the 30th. The particulars of the battle on that day I have already reported to you. On the night of the 29th we had an alarm which caused me to turn out the brigade and advance them in line of battle a little in advance of our campaign ground, and over the crest of the hill upon which our batteries in reserve had been placed in the after noon. After remaining under arms some two hours we again returned to camp.

Respectfully,

N. C. McLEAN,

Colonel. Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Major-General SIGEL, Commanding First Army Corps.

No. 11. Report of Colonel William P. Richardson, Twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 21-31.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,September 19, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the maneuvers and battles of General Pope's army from the 21st day of August until the 31st of the same month:

On the 21st of August, 1862, we were at the White Sulphur Springs, in Fauquier County, Virginia, and received orders to send our baggage train to Warrenton, taking with the regiment four wagons, two for ammunition and two for supplies. Five days' rations were issued-that is, of hard bread, sugar, and coffee-and we marched to the neighborhood of Rappahannock Station. In the evening we were moved farther up the river and encamped for the night. Heavy cannonading had been kept up all day farther down the river on our left.

On the morning of the 22nd we moved up to Freeman's Ford, and immediately upon our arrival our artillery became engaged. General

