
Colonel McLean ordered a withdrawal from the field. With the colors we came off, leaving upon the field dead and wounded and losing as prisoners in numbers as shown in tabular statement herewith submitted.*

Of the first deployment into line, the falling back to the brigade, the reforming, and the change of front, all under a murderous fire of an overwhelming force, I must say that it reflects credit upon both men and company officers, In justice I cannot distinguish between officers or soldiers for good behavior-all brave and true.

Owing to meager transportation for the sick some were picked up by the enemy in the wake of our several marches, as appears by statement herewith submitted.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

JOHN C. LEE,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Regiment O. V. Infantry, Commanding

Captain E. H. ALLEN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 13. Report of Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Langley, Va., September 5, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagements of Friday and Saturday, August 29 and 30, in the neighborhood of Bull Run.

On the 29th, although not actively engaged with the enemy, the regiment was constantly on the field, and in several instances under severe artillery fire, resulting in the wounding of 7 persons in my command. The actual fighting service of the regiment during that day was confined to some slight skirmishing between Companies A and B and the enemy's sharpshooters. Nevertheless the frequent changes of position and preparations for action, continuing till a late hour at night, were fatiguing and harassing, taxing not only the patience and endurance of the men, but very frequently courage. I am happy to report a commendable obedience and promptness on the part of my men of all grades during the entire day under all circumstances, whether of exposure without opportunity of replying or of labor under privations of food and drink without apparent results.

On the 30th our position was as a reserve, in close column of companies, on the left of the brigade. We remained in this position till the middle of the afternoon, when, in obedience to your orders, the brigade was moved to the left, the Seventy-third being in front. I advanced to a considerable distance, in the expectation of forming a junction with the forces of General Reynolds, whom I was told we were to support. Not finding any co-operating forces at the point where I had been told they were in position, I formed forward into line as rapidly as possible, and advanced one company (A) to the front, deployed as skirmishers, to observe the movements of the enemy and report. The regiment was scarcely in line before reports came from Major Hurst,

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p.250.

---------------

