
31; prisoners not known to be wounded, 10. Total killed, wounded, prisoners, and missing, 148.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel N. C. McLEAN, Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., First A. C.

No. 14. Report of Major Robert Reily, Seventy-fifth Ohio Infantry, of operations August 8-September 2.

I have the honor to submit the following report relating to the recent movements of my command, the Seventy-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry:

After a tedious night's march from Sperryville, Va., leaving there on the night of the 8th August, we reached Fairfax, or Culpeper Court-House, at 11 o'clock a.m. Here we rested until nearly night-fall, and resumed the line of march. Made Cedar Mountain at about 1 o'clock a.m. 10th August, at which we formed in line of battle, anticipating an attack from the enemy, who had been engaged most of the day previous with Banks' command. No engagement this day with the enemy. Went into camp at this place. On August 13 marched to camp near Robertson River, some 6 miles south. On the 18th instant we fell back to Culpeper. Encamped near the Rappahannock River on the 19th instant. On the 20th instant marched to White Sulphur Springs. Reached Warrenton Junction 21st instant. On the 22nd instant took position near a ford on the Rappahannock and had a skirmish with the enemy, at which point General Bohlen was killed. Company I, of the Seventy-fifth Regiment, had 2 men mortally wounded. Artillery duel at this point. 23rd . Returned to within 3 miles of White Sulphur Springs. On the 24th marched toward White Springs, and had a severe artillery contest with the rebels at this point for the crossing. Marched from this point 5 miles toward Waterloo Bridge, on the Rappahannock. 25th. Fell back to Warrenton, and reached there at 3 o'clock. 27th. Commenced march toward Centerville Gainesville; encamped 3 miles south of the same. 28th instant reached the plains of Manassas and encamped for the night. Spent nearly the whole of the 29th instant changing position from point to point, preparatory to engaging with the enemy. About noon, while in line of battle, we were annoyed by the sharpshooters of the enemy some little; also we were annoyed by shell and shot at the same time, but we had no serious encounter with the enemy this day. Encamped near New York [Rhode Island?] battery, Captain Monroe, on the night of the 29th. Placed the regiment on picket in front of Monroe's battery at 10 o'clock p.m. Remained there until 6 o'clock a.m. 30th instant. 30th. Remained below the crest of the hill in a state of rest up to about 3 o'clock p.m. of this day, at which time the regiment, together with other regiments of the Second Brigade, was ordered forward, as I have since learned, for the purpose of supporting General Reynolds, then about to engage in action with the enemy upon our left. To do this we marched forward and took position upon a hill immediately, if I mistake not, southeast of our position. This was afterward discovered to be the wrong position, and we were then marched to another position still farther south. Between changing position and marching nearly one hour was consumed in gaining the

