
point of action. At about 4 o'clock p.m. we engaged with quite a large body of the enemy to our right and front. Our brigade, aided by [De Beck's] battery, Seventy-third Ohio, Colonel Orland Smith, Twenty-fifth Ohio, Colonel Richardson, on our left, and shortly after the engagement commenced the Fifty-fifth Ohio, Colonel Lee, double-quicked into position on our right. The engagement at once became animated. Our whole line entered into it with spirit, doing good and effective work, our men firing steadily, with coolness and precision, measuring with great accuracy the distance from the enemy and firing accordingly. The battery also did unmistakable execution. It was not long before we were rejoiced in seeing that tremor in the enemy's ranks which is the sure precursor of a rout. Our men were becoming elated with their success and the hesitation of the enemy and of their falling back.

At this period I would be unable to say that any other party was working with us. Where General Reynolds or his command were I am unable to say, but I do not think that any other troops were engaged in this part of the field with us. We were so intent upon the work that we were sent forward to do that we were not aware of the storm coming up on our left and rear, we had every reason to believe was properly covered by troops of McDowell's command; but at the climax of our success in front, as we were advancing with every confidence of victory there, we were hailed, stunned, surprised by a terrible crash of musketry, grape-shot, and shell from a large force of rebels who had marched upon us while we were pushed forward so victoriously. This stopped our progress immediately. From our present position we were compelled to fall back. This we did immediately, however reluctant our men were to leave the field. Of the men and all of the officers, one only excepted, who were engaged in action, I cannot speak in too high praise. The men entered the work with a right good will, and the officers were attentive to their commands, cool and dispassionate in giving the orders, and careful of the welfare of all their men. The number of killed, wounded, and missing privates and non-commissioned officers, in the engagement, has already been forwarded you.* One commissioned officer, Lieutenant Rannels, Company I, I regret to say, was taken prisoner; under what circumstances I am not informed.

After leaving the battle-field we marched toward Centerville, reaching Centerville the next morning, 31st of August. There we remained until the evening of Monday, the 1st of September. Left this place at 1 o'clock p.m., and after a very tedious march made Fairfax Tuesday morning, the 2nd instant. Here, for want of time to complete my report to our present position, I will close.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

ROBT. REILY,

Major, Commanding Seventy-fifth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Colonel N. C. McLEAN, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

No. 15. Report of Lieutenant George B. Haskins, Battery K, First Ohio Light Artillery, of operations August 22-30.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY K,Buffalo Fort, Va., September 17, 1862.

SIR: The following is a correct statement of the doings of this battery from the Rappahannock to Bull Run:

---------------

* See p.250.

---------------

