
Was in action near Leary's Ford August 22 from 9 a.m. till 1 p.m. when we were relieved by Captain Wiedrich's battery and went to the rear. Staid at Leary's Ford all night, and marched from there August 23 toward Sulphur Springs, and camped about 1 mile from the Springs, where we remained all night. Was remained all night. Was in action near the Springs August 24, in the morning. Marched in the afternoon toward Waterloo Bridge, where we remained all night. was out of ammunition the 25th until 4 p.m., when we opened upon the enemy with two guns as they were leaving their position. Marched at 7 p.m. same day toward Warrenton, where we arrived, after marching all night, the morning of the 26th of August, and remained there all day and the night following. Marched August 27 at 6 a.m. 8 miles toward Manassas, where we stopped all night. Marched August 28 toward Bull Run, where we engaged the enemy from about 4 p.m. until dark, and remained in our position all night. Fighting resumed next morning, August 29, and engaged the enemy until about 11 a.m., when we ran out of ammunition, and not being able to get more were ordered to the rear, where we remained that and the following day, August 30, until about 5 p.m., then were ordered to Centerville by Captain Schirmer, and started for that place at once.

Lieutenant H. S. Camp was mortally wounded near Leary's Ford August 22, and died September 15 in Washington.

GEO. B. HASKINS,

Lieutenant, Commanding Battery K, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Colonel McLEAN.

No. 16. Report of Brigadier General Carl Schurz, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Camp near Minor's Hill, September 15, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report concerning the part taken by the division under my command in the battles of the 29th and 30th of August:

On the evening of the 28th of August my division was encamped south of the turnpike leading from Centerville to Gainesville, near Mrs. Henry farm. on the 29th, a little after 5 o'clock a.m., your ordered me to cross the turnpike, to deploy my division north of it, and to attack the forces of the enemy supposed to be concealed in the woods immediately in my front, my division forming the right wing of your army corps. In obedience to your order I formed my division left in front, and after having forded Young's Branch deployed the First Brigade, under Colonel Schimmelfenning, on the right, and the Second Brigade, under Colonel Krzyzanowski, on the left. There was a little farm-house in front of Colonel Schimmelfenning's brigade, which he was ordered to take as a point of direction, and after having passed it to bring his right wing a little forward, so as to execute a converting movement toward the Second Brigade and upon the enemy's left flank. The battery of the Second Brigade, Captain Roemer's, I ordered to follow the left wing of the brigade, and to take position on a rise of ground immediately on the left of a little grove, through which Colonel Krzyzanowski

