
during many hours without flinching until the arrival of ample re-enforcements made their relief possible speaks well for their courage and intrepidity.

Of those who especially distinguished themselves I have to mention the two colonels commanding brigades. Colonel Schimmelfenning commanded my right with that cool and daring courage and that admirable judgment which he had displayed already on former occasions, and which eminently fit him for commands of great responsibility; while the gallantry with which Colonel Krzyzanowski, on the left wing, withstood and repelled the frequent and fierce assaults of the enemy commands the highest praise. Of Colonel Soest's conspicuous bravery I have already spoken above. The members of my staff, Major Hoffman and Captain Spraul, as well as Major Koening, of the Sixty-eighth New York, temporarily attached to me, performed their dangerous and delicate duties with the greatest fearlessness and precision; nor can I speak too highly of the valuable aid and assistance rendered to me during a part of the action by your able and excellent aide-de-camp, Captain Asmussen. There are many officers and soldiers whose conduct deserves special notice, but to whom I cannot undertake to do justice in this report. In regard to those I would respectfully refer you to the reports of the brigade and regimental commanders.

On the morning of the 30th of August you did me the honor to attach to my division Colonel Koltes' brigade, consisting of the Sixty-eighth New York, the Twenty-ninth New York, and the Seventy-third Pennsylvania, together with Captain Dilger's battery. Captain Hampton's battery was placed in reserve.

At 8 o'clock a.m. your ordered me to take position behind the woods I had occupied fir the night, and while I was deploying the division I received further orders to march 600 or 700 yards to the rear and left and to place myself behind General Schenck's division, on the open ground, not far Dogan's farm-house, front towards Groveton. There the division remained, quietly resting on their arms, until 3 o'clock p.m. For several we observed distinctly thick clouds of dust at a distance in our front, indicating a movement of heavy forces of the enemy toward our left.

Our position was to be that of a general reserve. Before us we had General Fitz John Porter on our right center and right in the woods, and General Reynolds on the heights in our front and left. If our corp was really intended to be a general reserve its position was too far advanced, for it found itself from the beginning within range of the enemy's artillery, and it was evident that if the corps in front met with any repulse we wound be entangled in the fight, one brigade after another, thus losing our liberty of action and the possibility of throwing our whole power upon the decisive point.

About 3 o'clock p.m. the fire commenced in the woods occupied by General Porter, and also on our left, where General Reynolds stood. General Schenck's division was drawn forward toward Dogan's farm, and I received your order to be ready at a moment's notice. The artillery and infantry fire in our center and left had meanwhile become quite lively. It was about 4 o'clock when your ordered me to advance toward Dogan's and to take position immediately behind General Stahel's brigade. I did so. The regiments formed in column by division, right in front; Colonel Shimmelfenning's brigade on the right, Koltes' on the left, and Krzyzanowski's behind the interval, a little to the left. Captain Dilger's battery followed the right, and took position

