
one of General McDowell's officers informed you that we were threatened by the enemy on our left.

About 1 o'clock a.m. your ordered your corps to resume its march. My First Brigade, under Colonel Schimmedlfennig, was to form the rear guard and was instructed to destroy the bridge. Colonel Kane, of the Pennsylvania Bucktail Rifles, reported himself to you with a battalion of his men and several pieces of artillery which he had picked up on the road. The bridge was destroyed some time after 1 o'clock and we marched toward Centreville, taking with us Colonel Kane's promiscuous pieces of artillery behind the first regiment of Colonel Schimmelfennig's brigade. I rejoined you about 3 o'clock a.m. 2 miles from Centreville, where we bivouacked until 5. About 7 we arrived at Centreville, and in the course of the day a position was assigned to my division in the intrenchments.

My loss in the battles of the 29th and 30th, as will appear from the regimental reports, was extremely heavy, exceeding 20 per cent. of my whole effective force. Aside from the brave and noble Colonel Koltes, I have to deplore the death of a great many able and gallant officers. The number of missing was very small in proportion to the killed and wounded. Comparatively few of them have since rejoined their regiments, and the information I have received leads me to believe that a majority either remain dead on the battle-field or fell wounded into the hands of the enemy.

The commanders of my brigades and the officers of my staff behaved on all occasions, under the most trying circumstances, with their accustomed gallantry. As to the regimental officer and privates who distinguished themselves, as well as for an exact list of the killed and wounded, I beg leave to refer you to the documents accompanying this report.

I am, general, most truly, yours,

C. SCHURZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding First Army Corps.

No. 17. Report of Captain Michael Wiedrich, Battery I, First New York Light Artillery, of operations August 22-30.

FORT DE KALB, September 13, 1862.

MAJOR: In accordance to general orders of this date I transmit you the following report:

On arriving, on the 22nd of August, near Freeman's Fort, I was ordered by General Schurz to advance with my battery. After advancing about a quarter of a mile Captain Schirmer, chief of artillery, ordered me to relieve Captain De Beck's battery, which had been in action for some time. On nearing the place I was met by Major-General Sigel, who ordered me to place two 10-pounder Parrott guns in a new position on a hill in some woods near the river. After posting those pieces Major-General Sigel ordered me to take my other two Parrott guns to the right of Captain De Beck's battery, which I did, and left my two howitzers in reserve. The fire of the enemy was very hot where the two sections of my battery were posted. Here we had 5 killed and

