
wounded, as follows: Killed, Private Florian Knoch; wounded, Sergt. Jacob Boc, in the breast and foot; Sergt. Christian Stock, in the arm; Corpl. John Blau, in the breast; and Private George Himmel, in the face. We also had 2 horses killed and 10 others rendered unfit for further service, which had to be shot. There was also at the same time one of our limber boxes set on fire and exploded, but did no other damage.

August 24 we were engaged at near White Sulphur Springs, also at Waterloo Bridge. At the latter place Private George Lother was wounded. We were also engaged at the latter place August 25, but sustained no loss. We were also engaged in the battles at Bull Run, August 29 and 30. Went in action on the 29th, at about 10 o'clock a.m., when we were ordered forward by Captain Schirmer, chief of artillery. After advancing a short distance we were met by Major-General Sigel, who ordered me to take a position on the right of the road, to support the infantry in case they should driven back. After remaining in this position about half an hour Major-General Sigle came to me and ordered me ahead with the four Parrott guns to support Captain Dilger's battery, which order was executed as promptly as possible by taking a position on which the enemy had the range with one of his batteries, but in about fifteen minutes after we opened fire on it it was silenced. We keep our position until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when our ammunition gave out and we were obliged to retire to get a new supply. After getting the ammunition we started again to take our former position, but finding that Captain Dieckmann was there with his battery I returned to where I had left my two howitzers in the forenoon. Soon after coming into action there Lieutenant Schenkelberger had his leg shattered by a shell; also Private William Moller, the arm; both of which had to be amputated.

After using up the remainder of our ammunition I retired with my battery to near Major-General Sigel's headquarters, where I remained during the night. On this day we had one piece dismounted and on another the axle shot through, but I am happy to say that we brought all of the pieces out of the reach of the enemy.

August 30, after receiving a new supply of ammunition, I was ordered, with mine and Captain Buell's battery, to report to General Schenck, who ordered me to report with four Parrott guns to Colonel McLean, and keep my howitzers and Captain Buell's 6-pounder brass guns in reserve. We remained in a position in front of his brigade on a low hill with the 10-pounder Parrotts until about 4 o'clock p.m., when at this time Colonel McLean sent me an order to follow his brigade to take a position on a hill to the left of the road. After coming into action in a position selected by General Schenck, Major-General McDowell called me to him and wanted to know what I was going to do, and forbade me to open fire for fear of injuring our own men, of which there was one battery about 500 yards in front to our right and some infantry a short distance in advance of that battery to our left. One of the enemy's batteries was directly in our front, behind some woods. When, a few minutes afterward, the aforesaid infantry was repulsed by the enemy, Major-General McDowell took his infantry and artillery from our left and moved in front of my battery toward the right flank, leaving our left, as it looked to move, uncovered. When, soon after he was gone, the enemy's infantry advanced out of some woods directly in front, where Major-General McDowell stood, and attacked my battery, Colonel McLean came to our support with his brigade. The fire on both sides was very sharp, and the overwhelming numbers of the

