
enemy forced us, after a hard contest, to fall back on another hill in our rear, where we came in position again and remained till nearly dark, and after exhausting our ammunition we fell back toward Centreville, where we arrived next morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WIEDRICH,

Captain, Commanding Battery I, First Regiment N. Y. Artillery.

Major MEYSENBERG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 18. Report of Captain Hubert Dilger, Battery I, First Ohio Light Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

CAMP NEAR MINOR'S HILL, September 16, 1862.

GENERAL: Respecting the party my battery took in the late conflicts of the 29th and 30th of August, 1862, I have the honor to report the following:

On Friday, the 29th of August, the battery was ordered, under the protection of Colonel Koltes' brigade, to the support of General Schenck's division, upon the left flank of the First Corps. I advanced to the left of the road and took position upon the outermost elevation in our front, just opposite a large battery of the enemy which mounting about ten guns, was posted upon the hill inclosing the valley. After two hours' incessant firing the enemy's guns were silenced for a while - in consequence, no doubt of the successive explosion of two of their caissons. During this pause, which was improved to prepare the battery for the continuance of the contest for the important position, opportunity was also afforded me to support the infantry on our right, that had been compelled to fall back across the railroad track, with two pieces of artillery posted on the right of my battery. The enemy's battery, however, was not long in making its appearance again. I engaged it until Wiedrich's battery and two pieces of Dieckmann's battery were sent by my request, through order of General Sigel, to my assistance, and after I had exhausted all my ammunition, of which there was not an over-supply, to my relief. By this time the fire of the enemy slackened its concentration upon this position.

The loss I sustained during this engagement, which lasted four hours, was 22 horses, and 4 men slightly wounded. The damage to the guns was slight so that they could be repaired in the evening.

On the morning of Saturday, the 30th of August, the battery was assigned to Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade. While the division was advancing I took position on the left of the battery that was posted on the summit of the hill fronting the enemy's battery which I engaged yesterday. Being apprised by you, general, of the danger that was threatening our center, I took the only two guns that had not been brought into position, on account of the want of room, with me, and engaged with them the battery that was in the act of flanking us from the corner of the woods. Having remained stationary for about half an hour, I perceived one of our infantry regiments, being in full range of the enemy's guns, falling back upon the battery. I tried to bring

20 R R-VOL XII, PT II

