
this regiment to a stand and to make it advance again, but the bursting of the enemy's shells in the midst of them, having a demoralizing effect, rendered my efforts unavailing. Ten minutes afterward two columns of the enemy's infantry appeared in our front, which, notwithstanding the steady firing upon them by our artillery, advanced with sharpshooters in their front toward the battery, compelling me to leave this position. Falling back about 100 yards, I again brought my pieces to bear upon them until they withdrew. During my withdrawal, which was executed in a gallop, the enemy poured two volleys into me, but totally without effect.

As soon as the enemy's infantry had retired beyond the reach of my hells I again engaged the battery until one of my guns became dismounted by the demolition of an axle. As by this time all the batteries that were near me had withdrawn I thought it my duty to do the same. At sunset, having secured the dismounted piece below the caisson in the manner prescribed, I arrived upon the hill in the rear from whence General Sigel directed the retreat, which I was ordered to assist in covering with two pieces of my battery. From this moment nothing more transpired that is worth alluding to.

All this day the principal movements and maneuvers of the battery (I) had been directed independent of other commands. In spite of the severe cross-fire of cannon and musketry it was subjected to on this day we sustained no loss at all, either in men or horses, with the exception of the dismounting of one of my guns. Officers,

non-commissioned officers, and cannoneers fought with the utmost bravery and to my entire satisfaction.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

H. DILGER,

Captain, Commanding Battery I, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery.

Brigadier General CARL SCHURZ,

Commanding Third Division, First Corps d'Armee.

No. 19. Report of Colonel Gust. A. Muhleck, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, Second Division,* of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

In the might from Friday to Saturday [29-30] the above brigade bivouacked in the corner of a woods in the rear and south of those woods where General Carl Schurz' division on the day before (Friday) had had a terrible encounter with the enemy, who were attacked and thrown by him and driven at the point of the bayonet clear through the woods over the railroad embankment. We formed on that morning the extreme left wing of the Second Division, to which this brigade had been attached provisionally in the course of the preceding day, while the whole division was drawn up as a reserve to those troops of ours which held the battle-field overnight.

At 6 o'clock a.m. on Saturday the brigade formed in columns of division on the center en masse, and soon afterwards received orders to march down to the left into the open, plain field, and to reform in columns of companies left in front. Here to brigade stood in the following

---------------

*Temporarily attached to Third Division August 30.

---------------

