
when our small regiments, exhausted and decimated and unsupported, had in their turn to fall back, though not before Colonel Koltes, who saw the enemy outflank us on the right, had given the order to fall back a little on our right and make a stand again. By this time immense forces of the enemy poured through the woods in splendid order and fighting desperately. The colors of my regiment had become rags. I had lost five of the color-bearers and nearly one-half of the eight companies I brought into action. Two companies had been detailed by General ---- to stop the stragglers of the corps which did retreat from the plain beneath. My acting major, Captain A. Bruckner, had fallen too. My adjutant was a prisoner. My own horse had been shot under me by four balls. We then slowly left the fields, still fighting, and taking along the dead body of Colonel Koltes, whom my men carried that night on muskets to Centreville, which latter place the regiment reached rather in broken fragments, and where they rallied again on the next morning.

The loss of the Seventy-third was very heavy. Officers killed and wounded, 8; non-commissioned officer and privates killed, wounded, and missing, 138. The losses in the several regiments will be found detailed in the accompanying separate reports. Many acts of daring and heroism have been done. I will take pleasure in bringing the names of those to your knowledge in a separate report to be made out at once.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. MUHLECK,

Lieutenant Colonel, 73rd Pa. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 3rd Div., 1st A. C.

No. 20. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen J. McGroarty, Sixty-first Ohio Infantry, First Brigade, Third Division, of operations August 24-31.

HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp Carl Schurz, Minor's Hill, September 13, 1862.

GENERAL: The following report would have been submitted to you some time since, in obedience to orders, but for the want of writing materials, which at the time it was impossible to procure:

On the 24th or 25th of August I assumed command of the Sixty-first Regiment on the enemy's side of the Rappahannock, during the skirmishers at Freeman's Ford. Colonel Schleich, who accompanied us across the river, was, shortly after the opening of the fight, not to be found, and the regiment, being without a head, was led on by Captain Koenig, of General Schurz' staff, and myself. The Sixty-first covered the retreat across the river, and being assigned a new position in anticipation of a battle, remained under arms during the night. The report of the killed and wounded has already been handed in.

On the following morning we left for White Sulphur Springs, at which place we were ordered to support a battery (name forgotten), and we remained about three hours under a heavy fire of the enemy's guns. We there lost 2 wounded and 1 killed, besides some missing.

At this place and during the fire I noticed the unaccountable absence of Lieutenant Rankin and Lieutenant Junkins, and Colonel Schleich was also absent from his post; also Lieutenant Hay and Givens. Major Bown during that day displayed remarkable coolness and energy in bringing up the rear of the regiment. We then proceeded on toward

