
On the morning of the 30th the regiment formed in column, taking its position on the right of the center. It was exposed all day to a tremendous shower of bomb-shell, canister, &amp;c., but did not fall back until the order for general retreat was given. The regiment then withdrew to the left, where it took a good position, and remained until the whole army had passed. It was dark before we received the direct order from General Sigel to follow the army. We then marched to the Bull Runn, and were ordered to remain there until all the wagons and ambulances had passed over the bridge. After this was done Captain A. Mitzel, with two companies of the regiment, was ordered to destroy the bridge, which order was fulfilled with many difficulties.

The regiment again joined the army at Centreville. During these several engagements all the officers and men behaved themselves bravely and splendidly, executing all orders promptly.

F. BLESSING,

Major, Commanding Seventy-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Vol. Infantry.

No. 22. Report of Colonel Wlademier Krzyzanowski, Fifty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Growton and Bull Run.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, Near Arlington Heights, September 3, 1862.

At about 5.30 o'clock a.m. on the 29th of August I received orders from General Schurz to advance with my brigade. It was done in the following order: Two regiments in company column, left in front, and one regiment, the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, as reserve. On the right of me was Colonel Schimmelfennig with his brigade and on the left General Milroy's brigade. A line of skirmishers having been established, we advanced toward the woods through which the Manassas Gap Railroad runs. As soon as we entered the woods I dispatched my adjutant to ascertain whether the line of skirmishers was kept up on both wings, and finding such was not the case, and that I had advanced a little faster than General Milroy's and Colonel Schimmelfennig's column, I halted my skirmishers to wait until the line was re-established. However, being informed that General Milroy was advancing, I sent the Fifty-fourth Regiment to take position on my right wing and to try and find the lines of Colonel Schimmelfennig's skirmishers, and then I advanced, together with the former.

Scarcely had the skirmishers passed over 200 yards when they became engaged with the enemy. For some time the firing was kept up, but our skirmishers had to yield at last to the enemy's advancing column. At this time I ordered my regiments up, and a general engagement ensued. However, I soon noticed that the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-eighth Regiments had to fall back, owing to the furious fire of the enemy, who had evidently thrown his forces exclusively upon those two regiments. The Seventy-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, which up to this time had not taken part in this engagement, was (at the time the Fifty-eighth and Fifty-fourth retired) now nobly led on by Lieutenant-Colonel Mahler upon the right flank of the enemy, and kept him busy until I had brought the Fifty-eighth at a double-quick up to its previous position, when those two regiments successfully drove the enemy before them, thereby gaining the position of the Manassas Gap

