
Railroad. The Fifty-fourth had meanwhile been ordered by General Schurz to take position with the Twenty-ninth Regiment New York State Volunteers in the interval of my brigade and that of Colonel Schimmelfennig.

At this time I observed on my right the brigade of General Roberts to whom I explained my position, after which we advanced together a short distance, but he soon withdrew his forces, ascertaining that he got his brigade in between the column of our division. We had occupied the above-named position only a short time when the enemy again tried to force us back, but the noble conduct of my troops did not allow him to carry out his design, and he did not gain one inch of ground. We were thus enabled to secure our wounded and some of our dead, and also some of the enemy's wounded, belonging to the Tenth South Carolina Regiment. We held this position until 2 p.m., when we were relieved by a brigade of General Kearny's division, and retired about one-fourth of a mile toward our rear, where we also encamped for the night.

Most nobly did the troops behave. Amongst the officers I must mention the names of Lieutenant-Colonel Mahleer, Seventy-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Gerke, of the same regiment, who was in command of the skirmishers,and Lieutenant W. Bowen, who was on that day acting adjutant of that regiment. Of the officers of the Fifty-eighth Regiment New York State Volunteers I have to make particular mention of the gallant conduct of Major William Henkel, who was wounded, but who remained for three hours longer on the battle-field, until his pains became too violent; also of the adjutant, Lieutenant Stoldt, of that regiment, who did valuable service with the skirmishers. Of the Fifty-fourth Regiment New York State Volunteers Lieutenant-Colonel Ashby and Adjutant Brandt deserve great credit. The different members of my staff executed my orders promptly - Captain Theune being severely wounded while performing his duty, and Lieutenant Schmidt most gallantly cheered the men and conducted the line of skirmishers to my greatest satisfaction. Captain Maluski and Captain Weide did valuable service on that day.

On the succeeding day, August 30, at about 8 a.m., I received orders to form my regiments company column left in front. This being done, a new order directed me more toward the left, where I took position in line with the brigade of General Stahel. Here we remained until afternoon, when we were ordered up toward the stone house, where my battery took position.

I received orders to move my infantry to the right of Colonel Koltes' brigade and then to advance, which had scarcely been done when we became engaged with the enemy and kept up a brisk fire until, after the lapse of about half an hour, one of the enemy's batteries compelled us to retire toward a deep ravine just in the rear of our lines. Seeing, however, that the enemy moved toward our left I again ordered my men up, changing my front a little toward the left, our left wing resting upon the right wing of a brigade, the name of which I was unable to ascertain. After some fifteen minutes of constant firing of our two brigades I gave orders to my regiments to cease firing, still holding the same position, while the enemy withdrew. I then consulted with the brigade commander on my left, asking him to advance farther in company with me, which he, however, refused to do.

My forces being too weak to advance alone I remained inactive for a few minutes, until General Schurz sent orders to retire across the run and remain in reserve. I did so until 8 p.m., when a new order

