
arrived for me to retire about one-fourth of a mile farther, where nearly the whole corps was collecting. Having no special orders I rested my men, who after their day's work were only glad enough to do so, until 2 a.m. 31st, at which time I was informed by a cavalry scouting party that all the troops had fallen back. I at once mounted my horse and went toward the hospital, at which place I had seen General Sigel and General Schurz at about 9 p.m. on the evening of the battle. Finding nobody besides the physicians and the wounded men there I returned to my men and ordered them to fall in for the purpose of marching to Centreville, whither our forces were said to have gone. I must insert here that I only had the Fifty-eighth New York State Volunteers and Seventy-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers with me at that time, the Fifty-fourth having been detailed by General Sigel late on the evening before. Arriving with my troops at the stone bridge across Bull Run, the same was in a blaze of fire and not fit to be crossed, which circumstances compelled me to ford the river with great difficulty, as the banks are very steep. I arrived at Centreville at 6 o'clock a.m., after finding the Fifty-fourth Regiment encamped alongside of the road, and joined my division.

In the engagement of the 30th of August the troops under my command behaved very well in general. The Seventy-fifth deserves again to be especially mentioned for its bravery. Lieutenant-Colonel Mahler, of the same, was wounded; also Lieutenant Ledig. Lieutenant W. Bowen, the acting adjutant, was killed, and Lieutenant Froelich. The Fifty-fourth Regiment suffered severely, a number of officers and men being wounded.

The gallant conduct of First Lieutenant Wertheimer, of this regiment, deserves to be noticed, who, while the enemy's batteries were pouring a perfect hail of lead into our lines, nobly grasped a guide flag and cheered the men to follow him. Lieutenant-Colonel Ashby, of this regiment, Captain Wahle, Captain Ernewein, and Adjutant Brandt, on this day again behaved bravely. The Fifty-eighth Regiment was more fortunate in regard to the loss of officers, but suffered intensely in the ranks. All the officers deserve credit for their behavior on that day. As to my staff I was an unfortunate as I was on the previous day - losing one of my aides-de-camp, Lieutenant Schmidt, who was severely wounded in the thigh. He showed great coolness and courage. The balance of my staff most executed my orders. I have also to mention the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant Chesebrough, of General Schenck's staff, whom I met on the battle-field, and who assisted me for some time. I was unfortunate enough on that day to lose my horse,which was shot under me.

Respectfully,

W. KRZYZANOWSKI,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

Major A. HOFFMAN, Aide-de-Camp and A. A. A. G.

No. 23. Report of Major Stephen Kovacs, Fifty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

FIFTY-FOURTH REGIMENT NEW YORK STATE VOLS., Camp near Arlington Heights, September 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 29th August, 1862, the

