
Robertson's River in camp near Sulphur Springs, Va., on the 20th of August. The next day marched to Rappahannock Station, camped there on night, and left on the 22nd for Fox's Ford, on the Rappahannock River, on which place an artillery skirmish took place during the day, and that night the regiment was ordered on picket duty.

August 23 and 24 the regiment marched down the river and passed under heavy artillery firing to Sulphur Springs, marching up the road to Warrenton. Near Waterloo, Va., the regiment was encamped till the 25th in the evening. To that time the regiment formed column as reserve while a bridge was burned down by General Milroys' forces. The same night the regiment started for Warrenton, at which place they encamped till the 27th, and left the same day, marching up the road to Gainesville, 7 miles; ordered on picket duty on the right flank of the main body and went, marching 3 miles, above Buckland, Va. The 28th instant marched through Gainesville to Manassas Plain; arrived there late in the afternoon, and took position, formed in column. The 29th instant the regiment was ordered into action, and marching over a plain ground, soon was engaged with the enemy, which had taken position in the woods. The regiment held the enemy in check from 8 o'clock in the morning till 2 p.m., when the regiment was relieved. The loss of the regiment was 29 in killed, wounded, and missing.*

The 30th August the regiment was placed in reserve. During all day heavy artillery during was going on, and at noon the regiment was drawn into actin again. Marching up a hill, the regiment received a severe cross-fire of artillery and sharpshooters and had to retire; took possession of the hill on the left, holding the enemy in check on this place till dark. The regiments' loss in this engagement was 28 killed, wounded, and missing.* The regiment fell back down to Bull Run, and, after a few hours' rest, crossed over the burning bridge at midnight. Marching all night, arrived early in the morning at Centreville, Va., on which place the regiment was encamped under cover of the intrenchments. At Centreville all property belonging to the regiment which was taken from the train was burned up by higher authority.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. BRAUN,

Captain, Commanding Fifty-eighth Regiment New York State Vols.

Major KOVACS,

Commanding Second Brigade, Third Division.

No. 25. Report of Brigadier General Robert H. Milroy, U. S. Army, commanding Independent Brigade, First Corps, Army of Virginia, of operations August 13-31.

HEADQUARTERS INDEPENDENT BRIGADE, Near Fort Ethan Allen, Va., September 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my command since the departure from Woodwille, Va., on August 8, 1862:+

*		*		*		*		*		*

From the evening of the 13th of the 18th remained in camp on the

---------------

*See p.251.

+Portion here omitted is printed on pp.142, 143.

---------------

