
No. 26. Itinerary of the Second Corps, Army of Virginia, Major General Nathaniel P. Banks commanding, August 1.-31.*

FIRST DIVISION.

First Brigade. August 1, brigade encamped at Culpeper Court-House, Va.

August 8, by order, moved toward the Rapidan River and encamped near Cedar Mountain.

August 9, battle of Cedar Mountain fought, in which the brigade took an active part, engaging the enemy, strongly posted in a wood, driving them from their position and holding the ground until they (the enemy) were strongly re-enforced. The brigade in this engagement suffered severely.

August 12, the brigade returned to Culpeper.

August 19, by order, brigade moved to Rappahannock Station and bivouacked.

August 21, moved 2 miles down the river and bivouacked.

August 22, counter-marched and moved up the river to the support of General Sigel.

August 23, up the river skirmishing all day along the lines and bivouacked.

August 24, moved up the river, and was in an engagement at Sulphur Springs, without loss.

August 25, continued to move up the river, in support of General Sigel, toward Waterloo Bridge.

August 26, brigade moved down the river about 6 miles and bivouacked.

August 27, moved down and bivouacked at Warrenton Junction.

August 28, moved to Cattle's Station and bivouacked near Kettle Run.

August 29, removed camp.

August 30, marched to Manassas, and were ordered back to Bristoe Station, to protect train of cars, &amp;c.

August 31, left Bristoe Station, after burning railroad trains, &c., and by a circuitous route reached Bull Run and bivouacked.

Third Brigade: August 6, marched from Washington, Va., to Lebanon Church.

August 7, marched to Hazel River.

August 9, marched to Cedar Mountain and fought the battle bearing that name. After the battle this was the only brigade which held its original ground.

August 12, returned to Culpeper and encamped.

August 18, left Culpeper for the Rappahannock; marched 1 mile, and halted for General McDowell's train to move out of the road.

August 19, reached the river.

August 21, moved at night to the support of General Reno, counter-marched, and on the 22nd moved up the river 5 miles to hold Beverly Ford.

August 23, were opened upon at daylight by two rebel batteries. Cotrhan's battery replied, blowing up two caissons, dismounting one gun, and driving the gunners away from one battery.

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on return for month of August, 1862.

---------------

