
August 24, on the march; road blocked up by General Sigel's wagons. Severe shelling during the day.

August 25, marched 2 miles and counter-marched. At 3 p.m. marched 9 miles toward Bealeton.

August 28, marched to Bristoe Station.

August 31, burned the stores at Bristoe and moved over a back road 18 miles to Blackburn's Ford.

SECOND DIVISION.

August 6, the division took up its line of march for Woodville, Va., and on the 7th marched to Hazel River.

August 8, marched to Culpeper Court-House, Va., reaching that place at midnight.

On the morning of the 9th the command was ordered forward to Cedar Mountain, where the enemy had taken position in force. The entire division was engaged in the battle at that place, Generals Augur and Geary being wounded and General Prince taken prisoner.

August 12, returned to Culpeper and encamped.

August 18, the division trains were ordered to railroad crossing over the Rappahannock River, and on the 19th the division left Culpeper and crossed the Rappahannock River.

August 12, the Third Delaware Regiment rejoined the command.

August 22, the division moved about 3 miles up the Rappahannock River to Beverly Ford.

August 24, marched toward Waterloo, encamping near Sulphur Springs, and were there joined by the Sixtieth New York Volunteers.

August 25, resumed march toward Waterloo, and en route received orders to return to Rappahannock Station, and encamped on road about 2 miles from and opposite to Sulphur Springs.

August 26, at night marched 5 miles, and joined the First Division.

August 27, marched to Warrenton Junction; the Purnell Legion here rejoining the command.

August 28, marched to Kettle Run, near Bristoe.

August 31, marched to Bull Run.

No. 27. Reports of Major General Irvin McDowell, U. S. Army, commanding Third Corps, Army of Virginia, of operations August 7 - September 2.*

WASHINGTON, D. C., November 6, 1862.

GENERAL: The rapid succession of events, forced marches, separation from books and papers, and other circumstances attending the late campaign of the Army of Virginia were such as made it impracticable for me to make from time to time detailed reports of the part taken in it by the Third Army Corps; and as immediately after the end of the campaign the corps was sent under another commander on active service into Maryland, and several of the officers commanding division and brigades became disabled there, I am still without many of the principal reports and returns which are necessary to make my report

---------------

*See also record of McDowell Court of Inquiry, Part I, pp.36-332.

---------------

