
and hold it till everything should have passed him. He remained there, I am told by one of the colones of his brigade, till some two hours after dark, when he withdrew.

Learning at this place that Patrick's brigade, of King's division, had just passed toward the bridge I followed it there. Seeing the road much blocked up with wagons I endeavored to find the ford, a couple of hundred yards below the bridge, but it was so dark I could not see the way, and returned to the road and crossed over. I left here two officers of my staff and a guard of the Pennsylvania Bucktail Battalion, belonging to the Third Corps, under the gallant Colonel Kane, and directed some pieces of artillery that were passing by to be placed in position on the left bank. All contest, however, save a short now and then from one of our pieces on the Henry House Hill, had ceased for some time. This brave little battalion remained here until everybody had passed, when they destroyed the bridge and brought up the rear. The troops in passing over the bridges and in moving to the rear did so in good order. Stragglers there were, of course - a march, either in advance or retreat, is seldom without them - but the mass of the men preserved their organization and moved by battalions and batteries. At Cub Run Bridge I left, with Major Houston, U. S. Engineers, who had constructed the bridge over Bull Run, and rendered valuable service throughout the campaign, a regiment to keep the troops in the proper order in passing to the rear.

I have no reports from King's division, and, as its operations were under direction of another commander, I am unable to speak as I would like to do concerning it. It was, I know, driven back in the engagement in front, but I know it to be one of the finest, best-drilled, best-disciplined bodies of troops in the service, and in the main ably commanded, and if it could not accomplish its task it must have been an excessively had one it was called on to perform.

The two brigades of Rickett's division, engaged over in the extreme right, under General Heintzelman, were under General Ricketts, whose report is herewith.

On the morning of the 31st the corps was reunited, and by your order placed in reserve behind Centreville, the cavalry, under Bayard, being detached and operating to the right of that place.

On the 1st of September I received your order, herewith,* to move immediately to Germantown to intercept the march of the enemy, then moving down the Little River (or Aldie) turnpike to Fairfax Court-House. This was complied with within a few minutes after its receipt, and the corps was in position at Germantown in time to receive the enemy at the crossing of the Difficult. Here Ricketts' division was drawn up, under the direction of Major-General Hooker, with a battalion thrown across the valley of the stream, and, opening on the enemy's advance, held it in check at the time Reno's corps attacked him in flank and repulsed him.

September 2, in compliance with general orders, the corps fell back to Hall's and Upton's Hills, in front of Washington.

Here the campaign ended. If it had been short it had been severe. Beginning with the retreat from Cedar Mountain, seldom has our army been asked to undergo more than our men performed. With scarcely a half day's intermission the Third Corps was either making forced marches, many times through the night and many times without food, &amp;c., or was engaged in battle. These fatigues were most severe toward

---------------

*Of 12 m., see No. 14, Appendix C.

---------------

