
Infantry, Colonel McCandless; the Sixth Infantry, Colonel Sinclair; the Seventh, Lieutenant-Colonel Henderson, and the Twelfth, Colonel Hardin.

Of General King's division I have but the report of Brigadier-General Hatch (which has been received since the foregoing report was written), who commanded the division after Brigadier-General King left. From it and what I know from the verbal reports of others I am justified in mentioning favorably the conduct of Brigadier-Generals Doubleday, Patrick, and Gibbon, the lat having sustained the weight of the action of Thursday evening, and the first especially commended by General Hatch for his gallantry on the 29th and 30th. General Hatch was himself slightly wounded in the early part of the engagement of Saturday.

Colonel Post, commanding Second Sharpshooters, a valuable regiment, much exposed, and which rendered most excellent service, is deserving of especial mention for his conduct, amongst others, in the battle of the 30th.

The accomplished and gallant Colonel Pratt, commanding the Twentieth New York Militia, was mortally wounded. The brave Colonel Firsby, Thirtieth New York, was killed.

Lieutenant-Colonel Fowler, commanding the gallant Fourteenth (Brooklyn) New York Militia, was severely wounded on the 29th whilst leading his regiment into battle.

My staff were always faithful, zealous, active, and fearless in the discharge of their duties, which were incessant and exhausting, and under which many of them broke down in health, some being still unable to leave their beds. I desire to record their names, with my best thanks for the support they gave. They were, Colonel Edmund Schriver, chief of staff; Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, chief quartermaster; Major Davis Tillson, chief of artillery; Major S. F. Barstow, assistant adjutant-general; Major D. C. Houston, chief of engineers; Major J. M. Sanderson, commissary; Surg. D. L. Mgruder, medical director; Majs. C. S. Brown and Joseph C. Willard, and Capts. F. Haven, G. St. Albe, W. Leski, W. H. Krebbs, J. E. Jewett, J. P. Drouillard, J. D. W. Cutting, C. W. Wadsworth, Howard Stockton, and F. Ball, aides-de-camp. Captain Merritt, Hughes, and Slosson, and First Lieutenant Thomas Williams, Fifth Artillery, who had been assigned to my staff, were on duty with Brigadier-Generals King and Tower.

Brigadier General John Buford, commanding the cavalry of the Second Corps, was several times under my orders on the retreat from Warrennton, &amp;c., and was actively engaged on the extreme left on the 30th. I beg leave therefore to add his name, with that of Brigadier-General Bayard, commanding cavalry of the Third Corps, to those deserving especial mention.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major General, Commanding Third Corps, Army of Virginia.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commander of the late Army of Virginia.

WASHINGTON, January 22, 1863.

Major-General POPE, New York:

GENERAL: Since making my report to you of the operations of the Third Corps of the late Army of Virginia it has occurred to me that I

