
omitted mention of the services of a detachments of the Signal Corps, which served with the army during the campaign.

The duties performed by Lieutenant Wilson and his subordinates were, as you know, very important, and I therefore now desire to make record of the same.

Very respectfully,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

APPENDIX A.

WARRENTON, Tuesday, August 26, 1862-1.45 a.m.

Major-General POPE,

Warrenton Junction:

I went on top of Watery Mountain yesterday afternoon to see if anything could be seen of the enemy. The only indications I saw were his camp smokes; these extended from Sulphur Springs back beyond Jefferson and from Sulphur Springs up the river beyond Waterloo. I will direct Ricketts' division up the river at Sulphur Springs, but as the ground opposite the ford at this place is a low flat, extending back from the river nearly half a mile, and closed by an amphitheater of hills, I will, if the enemy be there in force, endeavor to occupy him by Rickett's division while I pass King's over the rive below, at the fords at Fant's or Fox's Mills. I will endeavor, as these lower fords may not be good, to go hold of part of Sigel's bridge trains, so as to make the passage as free as possible. Part of General Sigel's force under previous orders is passing through the town at this moment. The general himself has not come in. My aide-de-camp is searching for him in the front with his orders.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

WARRENTON, August 26, 1864-5.30 a.m.

Major-General POPE:

Your orders to General Sigel to force the passage of Hedgeman's River were given to him by Captain Haven a little after 2 o'clock this morning, while he was on the march from Waterloo to Warrenton. Will the failure to attack Hedgeman's River cause any modifications in the instructions to me? My division are on the march, as ordered.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 26, 1864-5 a.m.

General McDOWELL:

Please ascertain in some way whether the enemy be really in force at Waterloo Bridge. Sigel insists that he is, while Banks, who was there late yesterday afternoon, asserts positively that there was no enemy during the day there. You will easily see how important it is for us to know positively what has become of the enemy's force which was in front and where the column has gone which took yesterday the road toward Salem. Please use every means possible to ascertain this at once. Reno will cross at Rappahannock Station and push forward

