
road. He is directed to report to you upon his arrival, and to hold himself in readiness to support you in case you need it. Cox will be pushed forward as soon as his troops arrive here, probably by to-morrow noon. Banks is at Fayetteville, and will respond to any call you may make on him. Sturgis will also be pushed forward as soon as troops arrive-I hope to-morrow in the afternoon. Heintzelman's corps, not yet fully arrived, I must keep here till I hear what has become of the column moving toward Salem. Sent a cavalry regiment from Manassas Gap Railroad as far at least as Thoroughfare Gap.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- I have just received intelligence of the arrival of Fitz John Porter with the regulars at Bealeton.

[For Pope to McDowell, 8.50 p.m., August 26, here omitted, see, as of 8 p.m., among inclosures (p.69) to Pope's report; and for McDowell to Pope, 9 p.m. see ibid, p., 69.]

WARRENTON, August 26-10 p.m.

Major-General POPE:

One of Sigel's scouts reports that since daylight till 4 o'clock this evening there has been a continuous line of troops although cavalry chiefly, passing forward to White Plains, where they are encamped now-Generals Jackson, Longstreet, and A. P. Hill, and Stuart's cavalry. This man has the same story as to the names of the generals who are passing toward Thoroughfare. If you fear any attack in force by the enemy's coming through Thoroughfare Gap and you should not get your force in time at Gainesville, I wish to remark that Centreville and Manassas are fortified; the former sufficiently so to offer a stout resistance and the latter enough to aid materially raw troops. If the enemy are playing their game on us and we can keep down the panic which their appearance is likely to create in Washington, it seems to me the advantage of position must all be on our side. I trust sufficient food and ammunition and forage may get through by to-morrow. We have wasted a good deal of artillery ammunition.

IRVIN McDOWELL.

WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 26, 1862.

Major-General McDOWELL:

As soon as Reno gets near Warrenton direct his march upon Greenwich, at which place he will take post, throwing forward four regiments of infantry and a battery to Gainesville. One mile in his rear, on the road from Weaversville to Greenwich, Kearny's division will take post to support him. In case the enemy advances this side of Thoroughfare Gap, Ren must attack and beat him. Kearny will support him. Keep your men well in hand, so that, if necessary, you can break up at

