
Warrenton and march also on Thoroughfare on west side. Your trains, if you move, must take the turnpike. Send and notify Banks if you move any part of your forces, that he may come up nearer to Warrenton. Fitz John Porter will be near you to-morrow night. Your cavalry, or the most of it, should be well on your right or rear.*

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[For Pope to McDowell, midnight, August 26, here omitted, see inclosure (p. 70) to Pope's report.]
HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 27, 1862-4.30 a.m.

General POPE:

Your telegram of 12 midnight is only just received. I will endeavor to have Buford ascertain as soon as he can and as far as he can the extent of the enemy's movement toward White Plains. I saw General Sigel late last night and his scouts, and did not learn that the general had any other information than I gave you in my telegram of 10 o'clock p.m., and he was not aware of the negro's statement which I sent you at 9 o'clock p.m. Your telegram of 11 o'clock last night was received. My corps is at present posted as follows:

King's division on Sulphur Springs road, one brigade near Springs. Ricketts' on Waterloo road, about 4 miles from town. Reynolds' inside and between the others.

IRVIN McDOWELL.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,August 26, 1862-5.30 a.m.

General McDOWELL:

I have just heard from Fitz John Porter. He has neither wagons nor provisions, and only 40 rounds of ammunition per man. The troops here have no wagons and are very scarce of provisions.

The railroad is interrupted between here and Manassas, and will require a strong force to repair it and keep it open. Meantime we shall suffer for everything. It therefore appears to me that we had best move with our whole force to occupy Gainesville, so as to secure our communication with Alexandria. It does not seem to me possible to hold a position so far to the front as Warrenton while so heavy a column of the enemy is so near to our concentration-much in front of Manassas. Give me your views immediately on the subject, for we must act promptly in some way. At all events, all wagons not needed for am-

---------------

*To this dispatch, as rendered in the McDowell court record, is following postscript:

---------------

AUGUST 26-midnight.

I have just received intelligence of the arrival of Fitz John Porter with the regulars at Bealeton.

J. P.

