
WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 27, 1862-5 p.m.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I am just leaving for Bristoe Station. The enemy retired from the railroad before Hooker's advance, having burned no bridges and done no damage that cannot be speedily repaired. Reno will reach Greenwith to-night. Heintzelman follows after him. Porter, with his whole corps, moves behind Heintzelman. My headquarters to-night will be with Heintzelman.

JNO. POPE.

APPENDIX B.

Numbers 1. WASHINGTON, October 6, 1862.

GENERAL: I notice the following in your report, as published in the Philadelphia Inquirer of October 4 instant:

WHAT HE EXPECTED TO FIND.

Behind the ridge, where I was to form again, and which was the natural position of the general reserve, I expected to find an intact reserve of several brigades ready to pounce upon the enemy as he was attempting to ascend the slope of the range of hills we were then occupying, but nothing of the kind seemed to be there.

WHAT HE DID FIND.

I found Major-General McDowell, with his staff, and around him troops of several different corps, and of all arms, in full retreat, &amp;c.

As the sentence last above quoted may admit of two constructions, I beg to inquire if you intend to be understood as saying you found Major General McDowell, with his staff, "in full retreat." I send this by an officer of my staff, who will, if you please, bring me your reply.

I have the honor to be, general very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL.

Major-General.

Brigadier General CARL SCHURZ,

Commanding Third Div., &c, Fairfax Court-House, Va.

Answer to Numbers 1.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, October 7, 1862.

GENERAL: In reply to your note of yesterday I beg leave to say that the language I sued in my report, viz, "I found Major-General McDowell, with his staff, and around him troops of several corps, and of all arms, in full retreat," was not intended to convey the impression that "General McDowell and his staff were in full retreat," for such was not the case. While the troops, as stated in my report, were retreating, I saw you surrounded by your officers for about half an hour near the place where I formed my division. If my memory serves me rightly, you went to the little farm-house south of the road, which was then used as a hospital, and where General Pope at the time was said

