
of it. I passed by the little farm-house on my way to the left and front.

Answer to Numbers 2.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, October 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Your favor of October 8 reached me a few moments ago. The explanation I gave you in my reply to your first letter could not leave any doubt as to my intentions. It is my desire that if there is any such doubt it shall be removed.

Before replying at length to the letter I had the honor to receive to-day I shall endeavor to obtain whatever information I can about what my aides and brigade and regimental commanders saw concerning the facts in question. I shall write as soon as possible, with the understanding that my letters are your property, to be used as you may deem best. Meanwhile I beg leave to offer you the assurance that I now, as I have done hitherto on all occasions, shall use my best efforts to make the truth know, and correct error, especially if an erroneous impression should have sprung from any public expression of mine.

I have the honor to remain, general, respectfully, yours,

C. SCHURZ,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General McDOWELL, Washington.

Numbers 3. WASHINGTON, October 16, 1862.

GENERAL: To judge from your letter of the 12th instant I fear I have been unfortunate in not making myself understood in my last letter. Its object was not to trouble you and your subordinate commanders with an inquiry into any act of mine or any acto of any other commander on the occasion in question. So far as I am concerned I trust that subject will soon be disposed of by a legal court.

In your report you had expressed yourself concerning me in a way admitting two constructions. The object of my first communication was to ascertain which of the two was intended. Your answer on that point was satisfactory. The object of my last was an appeal to your sense of justice to do to the public, through the newspaper in which your report was published, what you had done me-that is, correct the impression to my prejudice which the ambiguity of your report inevitably produced. I did not and do not now wish to go into any new discussion, and tax your time and patience by extending our correspondence beyond the simple point I have herein stated.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

Brigadier General CARL SCHURZ,

Commanding Division, &amp;c., Fairfax Court-House, Va.

Answer to Numbers 3.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Fairfax Court-House, October 20, 1862.

GENERAL: Your favor of the 16th instant has just reached me. You

