
passed us there. From all this I conclude that the statement you had posted Gibbon's brigade on that ground after my troops had retired from it to Bull Run "rests on a mistake." These are the impressions I received from my personal observation and the reports of my officers.

Hoping that you will consider my explanation, and the manner in which, in my humble opinion, they ought to be brought before the public satisfactory, I remain, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. SCHURZ,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General McDOWELL, Washington.

APPENDIX C.*

Numbers 1. [Extract.] WARRENTON JUNCTION,

August 26, 1862-8.10 a.m.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I sent instructions last night to make a strong reconnaissance across to Sulphur Springs, intending that Sigel should do the same thing at Waterloo Bridge and Reno at Rappahannock. Sigel reports himself unable to do anything of the kind until his men are rested. I directed him to halt them somewhere near Warrenton and put them in camp for a day. Reno instead of going to Bealeton and then to Kelly's Ford, has come to this place, and is now near here. You must, therefore, under these circumstances, exercise your discretion about the reconnaissance to Sulphur Springs, but it will certainly be well for you to ascertain what there is in the direction of Waterloo Bridge and still farther to your right. Send for Milroy; he is a courageous man. * * * If you deem it necessary assume command also of Sigel's corps. It is essential that we should watch the movements of the enemy toward our right in some manner. Out of Buford's, Bayard's, and Sigel's cavalry enough can certainly be found to perform this service. Troops are accumulating here but not very fast. Take charge of the front and use everybody you find there.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - I will push Reno to Fayetteville. It will be well to have the men cook three days' rations. Please notify Banks and Sigel.

Numbers 2. HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

August 26, 1862.

SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Pope to take command of the troops on the right and front for the purpose of strengthening

---------------

*Dispatches and orders appearing elsewhere are omitted from this appendix.

---------------

