
some movements I am ordered to make. Please let me know the position and strength of your command, and especially the cavalry. My headquarters are on the hill southwest of Warrenton, on Sulphur Springs road.

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 3. HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

August 27, 1862.

SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of 12.30 p.m. In default of your cavalry, which is not yet returned, I send you this morning General Bayard, with three regiments. When yours return please send him back to me. I will send word to Catlett's about your regimental provision wagons. Brigadier-General Reynolds' division is immediately behind you. King and Ricketts follow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IRVIN McDOWELL,

Major-General.

Numbers 4. GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS,

Numbers 10. Reynolds' Camp, August 28, 1862.

I. Major-General Sigel will immediately march with his whole corps on Manassas Junction, his right resting on the Manassas Railroad.

II. Brigadier-General Reynolds will march on the turnpike, immediately in the rear of General Sigel, and form his division on the left of General Sigel, and march upon Manassas Junction.

III. Brigadier-General King will follow immediately after General Reynolds, and form his division on General Reynolds' left, and direct his march on Manassas Junction.

IV. Brigadier-General Ricketts will follow Brigadier-General King and march to Gainesville, and if on arriving there no indication shall appear of the approach of the enemy from Thoroughfare Gap,he will continue his march along the turnpike, form on the left of General King, and march on Manassas Junction. He will be constantly on the lookout for an attack from the direction of Thoroughfare Gap, and in case one is threatened, he will form his division to the left and march to resist it.

The headquarters of the corps will be at King's division.

By command of Major-General McDowell.

Numbers 5. HEADQUARTERS, Manassas Junction, August 28-4.15 p.m.

Major-General McDOWELL:

The enemy is reported in force on the other side of Bull Run, on the

