
Orange and Alexandria Railroad as also near Centreville. I have ordered Sigel to march on Centreville immediately, as also Kearny and ReNumbers I will advance Hooker as reserve. Please march immediately with your command directly upon Centreville from where you are.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 6. SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NEAR GROVETON,

Numbers -. August 30, 1862-12 m.

The following forces will be immediately thrown forward and in pursuit of the enemy, and press him vigorously during the whole day. Major-General McDowell is assigned to the command of the pursuit.

Major-General Porter's corps will push forward on the Warrenton turnpike, followed by the divisions of Brigadier-Generals King and Reynolds. The division of Brigadier-General Ricketts will pursue the Hay Market road, followed by the corps of Major-General Heintzelman . The necessary cavalry will be assigned to these columns by Major-General McDowell, to whom regular and frequent reports will be made. The general headquarters will be somewhere on the Warrenton turnpike.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 7. HEADQUARTERS THIRD CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

August 30, 1862.

Major-General PORTER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Major-General McDowell, being charged with the advanced forces ordered to pursue the enemy, directs me to inform you that your corps will be followed immediately by King's division, supported by Reynolds'. Heintzelman, with his corps, preceded by Reynolds' division, will move on your right on the road from Sudley Springs to Hay Market. He is instructed to throw out skirmishers to the left, which it is desirable you should join with your right. General McDowell's headquarters will be at the head of Reynolds' division on the Warrenton road. Organize a strong advance to precede your command, and push on rapidly in pursuit of the enemy until you come in contact with him: Report frequently. Bayard's bridge will be ordered to report to you; push it well to the left as you advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 8. HDQRS. THIRD ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

August 30, 1862.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding, &c.:f

GENERAL: Major-General McDowell directs that you push on the

