
however, as he states in his letter, "in doing which McLean's brigade was discovered."

Colonel McLean still held his position, and was immediately moved so that his right would rest on the pike, and General Reynolds made his movement to correspond.

It was about this time that our position was changed, but not because we had ascertained that we were disconnected from the rest of Sigel's troops. We had been and were well aware of our position. It is true we had advanced farther than was intended, being constantly urged by General Sigel to advance and press toward the right, he evidently not understanding our true position. We fell back, however, on account of the information received from General Reynolds that the enemy were bearing down on his left. General Reynolds did not communicate directly with General Schenck as it would appear from my report, but the information was received was received through Colonel McLean, who told General Schenck that General Reynolds had informed him "that the enemy were bearing down," &amp;c., "and that he (Reynolds) intended to fall back, and had actually commenced the movement." Colonel McLean wished to know if he should act accordingly. General Schenck directed him to accommodate himself to General Reynolds' movement.

We retired slowly across the open space to and within the woods and halted. General Stahel rejoined us here, and General Stevens also reported with two regiments of infantry and a battery. General Stevens' force was thrown to the right of the pike; General Stahel on the left of the pike, and Colonel McLean to the left of Stahel.

I here state in my report that General Schenck, on receiving these re-enforcements determined to advance again, and communicated his intention to General Reynolds. I carried this message myself, and after some difficulty found General Reynolds, and requested him to halt and form on the left of McLean. He had fallen back however some distance to the rear of McLean's line of battle, so much so that the enemy's skirmishers had actually flanked us, and in returning to the division I had a narrow escape from being captured.

I also asked General Reynolds to ride forward to meet General Schenck, who had directed me to say that he would be at the extreme left of our line for that purpose. General Reynolds neither gave me any positive answer as to whether he would meet General Schenck or any informations as to what he intended to do. i do not know if he complied with the request to make this connection on our left, as on my return to General Schenck I was immediately sent to General Sigel to represent our position, and when returning again with the order to General Schenck to retire slowly I met the command executing the movements for General Sigel's information, and I endeavored throughout to be as concise as possible and confine myself solely to the operations and movements of our division.

I now submit the above statement, trusting that the explanations will be satisfactory to General Reynolds.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. CHESEBROUGH,

Lieutenant, Eleventh Infty., and Aide-de-Camp to Major General Schenck.

