
the field. He advanced alone on the night of the 29th of August to within 30 paces of the enemy's line, for the purpose of rescuing several of our men who were about to be captured. Disregarding the summons to surrender, he received the fire of the line in front of him, which did him no injury, but killed, his horse under him.

For a statement, of the killed, wounded, and missing I respectfully refer you to the sub-reports herewith forwarded.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

A. DOUBLEDAY,

Brigadier General Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain R. CHANDLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30. Report of Major Edward Pye, Ninety-fifth New York Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. NINETY-FIFTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,Upton's Hill, Va., September 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the Ninety-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel James B. Post reached Rappahannock Station on the morning of the 20th of August.

On the 21st they, with the other regiments composing General Doubleday's brigade, were ordered forward to support a battery protecting a ford on the right. We remained supporting this battle until August 23. No casualties to the regiment.

August 23. Marched to near Warrenton, and encamped at Warrenton 24th; remained there until Tuesday, 26th; were then ordered to near Warrenton Sulphur Springs to support a battery defending a ford at that place; remained there until August 27. No casualties.

August 27. Marched toward Centerville; encamped near Gainesville.

On the 28th, while advancing on the road from Gainesville, suddenly came upon a masked battery. This regiment advanced along the road under a shower of shot and shell. Arriving at a wood we found General Gibbon's brigade engaged with the enemy. This regiment was ordered into a field to support a battery, and there remained until an early hour in the morning, when we marched to Manassas Junction, and there remained until noon. At noon marched toward the battle-field at Groveton. We were sent forward toward evening to pursue the enemy, who were said to be retreating; found the enemy, but did not see them retreat. A deadly fire from three sides welcomed and drove us back. The regiment rallied and advanced four times, but at each advance were met with a fire more deadly than the first.

Special mention should be made of Sergeants McManus and Hoagg, color-bearers who bore our colors into the forefront of the fight; also of Captain William Bloodgood, of Company G, and Captain Abram S. Gurnee of Company B, who, stepping to the front led the way to the brow of the hill and into the face of the enemy. First Lieutenant Henry M. Jennings, Company C; First Lieutenant E. W. Andrews, Company K, and Second Lieutenant Abram Snedeker, Company H, deserve mention for their bravery. Adjt. E. L. Barnes proved very efficient in rallying the regiment, and showed great personal bravery and daring. In this en

