
gagement we had 3 killed, 19 wounded, and 63 missing, the greater portion of the missing supposed to be killed or wounded and left on the field.

On the 30th of August we were under fire all day. One man was wounded by a shell. This regiment with the other regiments of your brigade were the last to leave the field and retired in good order, whilst being under a cross-fire from our own batteries as well as from those of the enemy.

The experience of this regiment is that long marches and scant rations are more destructive than battles.

All which is respectfully submitted.

E. PYE,

Major, Commanding Ninety-fifth Regiment New York Vols.

Captain E. P. HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel J. William Hofmann, Fifty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,In Camp near Leesborough, Md., September 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the regiment now under my command, left camp near Fredericksburg, Va., under command of its colonel (S. A. Meredith), on August 9. Its morning report of that date shows present for duty 3 field officers, 5 regimental staff, 2 regimental non-commissioned staff, 1 hospital steward, 6 captains, 7 first lieutenants, 7 second lieutenants, and 500 enlisted men. Total present and absent, 661; aggregate, 693.

After several fatiguing marches the regiment encamped near Culpeper Court-House at 12 p.m. August 11. Present, 440 enlisted men and all the officers.

On the 13th, the regimental, in common with the division, was reviewed by General Pope.

On the 16th, the regiment marched to and encamped at Cedar Mountain.

On the 18th, marched to Rappahannock Station; arrived there 8 a.m. on the 19th.

On the 21st the regiment was under a shell fire from the enemy for several hours; again on 22nd.

On the 23rd, again for two hours. During the firing but one slight casualty occurred. At 10 a.m. 23rd marched to Warrenton. Reached that point and encamped 10 a.m. 24th.

On the 26th marched to Sulphur Springs; under their fire for two hours.

On the 27th, again for two hours; no casualties.

On the 28th, it being nearly dark, the regiment was marching toward Gainesville. The column was suddenly fired upon by a battery that was planted a short distance from the road. It threw shells very rapidly in and near the column, most of the shells exploding, but causing no casualties in our regiment. Subsequently this regiment was ordered

