
into the field to attack the battery and its support. The regiment was led by its colonel, but he was early severely wounded and obliged to leave the field, leaving the regiment under my command. The regiment sustained a withering fire from the enemy for about thirty minutes, maintaining its ground until the firing of the enemy ceased. Half an hour after the regiment was drawn off, and subsequently marched to Manassas.

During the action the regiment sustained the following loss: Wounded 1 colonel, 4 captains (one, Captain Corman, since died), 2 lieutenants, and 55 enlisted men.

The regiment took into the action about 180 men; a large number had dropped out exhausted on the road.

On the evening of the 29th the regiment, under my command, again went into action and met the enemy at the crest of a hill. Here were sustained a severe enfilanding fire for about twenty minutes, when, the left of our lines having given way, I called the regiment off and conducted it to a piece of woods for shelter. In this action we had about 200 men. Passing through the wood, it being quite dark, the men became dispersed.

By 11 a.m. the 30th we assembled 330 men, and at 2 p.m. again went into action. For three hours the regiment was exposed to a very heavy shell fire and occasionally to musketry. We sustained a number of casualties in killed and wounded.

At 6.30 p.m. the regiment was ordered to march to Centreville. We arrived there on the morning of the 31st.

In the action of 29th and 30th our loss was; Killed, 5 enlisted men; wounded, 2 captains, 2 lieutenants, and 55 enlisted men.

In the several actions the officers and men did their duty to my satisfaction.

Of the enlisted men First Sergt. D. J. Dickson, Company G, proved himself worthy of promotion.

Of the medical staff Surgeon McCleary is missing. First Assistant Surgeon Lyons performed his duty nobly.

The great variation in the number of men was caused by their becoming exhausted and dropping on the road, subsequently rejoin the regiment. Having the largest number of men in the last action, I trust I may refer to it as showing a proper disposition on their part.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. W. HOFMANN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain HALSTEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Near Bailey's Cross-Roads, Va., September 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that our regimental is reduced to a force of 330 men.

The colonel led the regiment into the action on the night of the 28th ultimo, and was very early wounded and obliged to leave the field leaving the regiment under my command. We maintained our ground until after the firing of the enemy ceased. Half an hour afterward we were drawn off by order of our general-General Doubleday. We had about 300 men in this fight. The next night (29th) I took the regiment

