
into the action. I had about 180 men. After sustaining an enfilanding fire from a vastly superior force for some thirty minutes, the brigade on our left having given way, I called our regiment off and retired to a piece of woods for shelter. To have taken the road would have [been] total destruction. Passing through the wood in total darkness the men became dispersed. Next morning by 11 o'clock we had assembled some 300 men, and at 2 p.m. again went into the action, supporting Gibbon's brigade. We subsequently moved to our left and held the road for an hour. I give no names of places, as all the country came under the head of Manassas. From 2 to 6.30 we were exposed to a heavy shell fire; comparatively few exploded. Three struck our line, causing a number of casualties. At 6.30 our brigade moved toward Centreville, where we arrived on the morning of the 31st ultimo; thence we marched to Fairfax Court-House, thence to Fort Ramsey, on Upton's Hill, about 6 miles due west of the Capitol building in Washington. Yesterday morning we were ordered here to hold the road-the Columbia pike. I think we can do it against a considerable force.

General, we have been badly beaten, but I for one am not dismayed. With renewed efforts our cause must prosper.

During the fight on the night of the 28th and on the following two days the regiment sustained the following casualties: Colonel Meredith wounded, right arm, severely; Captain Osborn, Company A, wounded, right thigh, severely; Captain Jack, Company H, wounded right arm severely; Captain Huston, Company I, wounded, right thigh, severely ; Captain Corman, Company F, wounded mortally, since died; Lieutenant Mumford, Company A, wounded, right arm, very bad, may prove fatal; Lieutenant Koons, Company C, missing, supposed killed by a shell; Lieutenant Hall, Company D, wounded very bad, left thigh; Lieutenant Dobra, Company G, wounded slightly by spent ball-returned for duty; enlisted men, 6 killed, 81 wounded, 16 prisoners, 82 missing.

To make the announcement of the killed and wounded is painful, nevertheless the killed died with honor and the wounded bear honorable wounds.

General, honor now dictates a very painful duty. Our flag is gone. On the night of the 29th our regiment numbered about 180 men; our brigade did not number 700. With a small brigade on our left we stood, the right of our regiment resting on the road on the opposite side of which were the rebels in vastly superior force; with all this, general, I feel the stain bearing heavy on us. Our general gave permission to inscribe Grovesville [Groveton] on our flag for good conduct on the night of the 28th, but now no flag to inscribe it upon. General, may I beg your assistance to wipe out the stain? Send me our tenth company, and recruits to fill up the others. I pledge myself to put them in good discipline and fit them for making an effort to wipe out the stain in the next action. I have but who captains-Treffison and Williams; nine lieutenants. My officers did their duty; I cannot name one over the other. Of the medical staff, Surgeon McCleary is missing. Assistant Surgeon Lyons did his duty nobly. Of the enlisted men, First Sergt. D. J. Dickson proved himself worthy of promotion. The only vacant commission in his company (G) is the captaincy. The First lieutenant is not qualified to command. Should a vacancy occur in the company-a lieutenancy-I beg you to remember the sergeant.

Since we left Fredericksburg on the 9th August, the men have suffered much from long, weary marches, rations irregularly issued. These had induced many men to drop on the road and subsequently join the regiment. I mention these facts to account for the great difference of

