
the number of men on different days. General, allow me to renew the solicitation for our tenth company and recruits for the others.

I am, very respectfully, yours.

J. W. HOFMANN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

General RUSSELL,

Adjutant-General, Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Numbers 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Theodore B. Gates, Eightieth New York Infantry, Third Brigade, of operations August 18-September 2.
HDQRS. TWENTIETH Regiment NEW YORK STATE MILITIA, PATRICK'S BRIGADE, KING'S DIVISION,Upton's Hill, Va., September 4, 1862.,

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to the order of General Patrick, commanding this brigade, I respectfully submit the following report of the services and casualties in this regiment from the time of its departure from Cedar Mountain until its arrival at this place:

Orders to prepare three days' rations and be in readiness to march at a mont's notice were received at 2 p.m. August 18. The baggage of the regiment was loaded and wagons sent off that afternoon, and the regiment marched at 9 a.m. the next day. Bivouacked at 11 o'clock that night 3 miles westerly of Rappahannock Station.

Resumed march at 4 o'clock next morning and crossed the river at the station at 5.30 a.m. Encamped that afternoon 2 miles north of the station and about 1 mile east of the river.

Were ordered forward to near the river the next morning at 9 a.m. to support First New York Battery, Captain Reynolds, and were there occupied during the day, most of the time under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery and a part of the time from his sharpshooters also.

That night the regiment did picket duty along the river and covering Norman's Ford. Nothing of moment occurred during the night. Were relieved at about 5 a.m. the next morning by a regiment from General Hatch's brigade and returned to camp.

August 23, received orders at 4.30 a.m. to prepare to march at an early hour. Left camp at 10 a.m. and bivouacked in Warrenton at 8 p.m. Next morning marched some 2 miles beyond Warrenton toward the Springs and encamped.

August 26, marched at 6 a.m. for Warrenton Springs. As we approached the Springs the enemy opened fire upon us from two guns

planted near a large yellow house on the opposite side of the river. Gaining the cover of the trees and buildings around the Springs, Company C was deployed forward as skirmishers, and found the enemy's sharpshooters posted along the river bank and fences in considerable numbers. Skirmishing continued all day.

August 27, marched from the Springs at 12 m. and bivouked about midnight some 8 miles beyond Warrenton on the route to Gainessville.

August 28, marched early and reached a point on the Centreville, road 2 miles beyond Gainesville; were halted while the roads and woods in front were reconnoitered by General Hatch's brigade, which, with General Gibbon's were in advance. The enemy were found in considerable

