
force and a brisk engagement ensued, lasting till after dark. Was ordered up to support troops engaged, but darkness put an end to the engagement before we reached the field. Picketed roads west of us at night.

August 29, marched at 2 a.m. for Manassas Junction, which we reached early that morning. At 10 a.m. were ordered back to yesterday's battle-field, where the action had been renewed by General----. Some 3 miles from Manassas were ordered back and returning to within a mile of the latter place filed to the left, and marching by the Suddley Ford road across a portion of the Bull Run battle-field,were posted in support of Reynolds' battery on the left of the road and about a mile from Chinn's house. About dusk we were moved forward to them toward Groveton to support Hatch's brigade, which was engaged and likely to be turned on the right. We were withdrawn about 10 p.m., and posted a portion of the regiment with Reynolds' and Campbell's,and residue were detailed for picket on the front.

August 30, action opened by Campbell's battery; regiment moved some 1 1/2 miles to the right of Sigel, where we remained until 1 p.m., part of the time under fire. Were then moved back to near Groveton, where the brigade was formed in two lines in the following order: First line: Twenty-first New York Volunteers on the right, Thirty-fifth New York Volunteers on the left. Second line: Twentieth New York State Militia on the right and Twenty-third New York Volunteer on the left. In this order we advanced across the field, separating the right of our army from the enemy's left, and entered the woods near to and on the right of Groveton. Here the Fourteenth New York State Militia (Brooklyn) and the Thirtieth New York Volunteers were drawn up in one line, the former on the right. The order was then given to advance, and the three lines moved slowly forward receiving the enemy's musketry, grape, and canister, which increased as we advanced. The first and second lines melted away, and I found myself in the first line and under a murderous fire. I was at the right of the regiment, and on account of the density of the woods could not tell what was transpiring at the center and left, where Colonel Pratt was commanding. The right of my line advanced to within a few yards,of the railroad embankment behind which the enemy were posted, when, a large proportion of officers and men being killed or wounded, the line fell back a few rods, closed up, and advanced again with the same result, and so for the third time the effort was repeated to reach the enemy behind his cover, but the fire was too heavy and my men had now become too few to give a hope of success, and with one lieutenant and a few men I retired upon the Nineteenth Indiana (Colonel Meredith), being 100 yards in the rear, and formed my men on the left of that regiment which now advanced, and, although behaving very gallantly, could not expel the enemy from his stronghold. Falling back upon the Seventy-sixth New York Volunteers, Colonel Wainwright, an aide-de-camp rode up and delivered an order from General Porter for all the troops to retire from the woods. This was obeyed in good order, the enemy following and firing in heavy volleys. Uniting the men of my regiment from the right to those of the center and left who, as I am informed retired in good order with the colors, I marched in the course of the night to Cub Run, where I bivouacked until Sunday morning, and marched into Centreville, where I joined the residue of the brigade.

September 1, at 3 a.m., received marching orders and proceeded to Fairfax Court-House. At 11 a.m. were ordered to return to Centreville and after marching some 2 miles were counter-marched and pro-

