
ceeded out on the Braddock road, and were posted in order of battle behind works erected by the enemy heretofore to defend the approach to Fairfax and Centreville by that route. At 3 p.m. I was ordered to proceed up the Little River turnpike some 2 miles and take possession of,and hold at all hazardous, a piece of woods on the left of that road. I reached the farther extremity of the woods as the enemy's skirmishers immediately commenced and continued briskly for two hours. The enemy ran up to within 200 yards of the woods a mountain howitzer, supported by a considerable body of cavalry, and opened a fire of grape and canister. My sharpshooters picked off several of the enemy's gunners and the piece was withdrawn. Soon afterward the enemy opened with shot and shell from a gun posted by the road-side three-fourths of a mile farther up the turnpike. About 5 o'clock, having been unable to make a lodgment in the woods, the enemy retired, and firing ceased here while at nearly the same time to my left and in front a severe engagement was opened between the enemy the troops of Generals Stevens and Kearny. I was relieved at 10 o'clock by the Ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Lyle. My loss was 2 officers and 12 men wounded.

September 2, rejoined the brigade at 8 o'clock, and marching with it at 2 p.m. reached this camp at 10 o'clock the same evening.

The casualties in the several engagements and affairs referred to above are shown by the schedule hereto annexed.*

I cannot well conclude the report without a word of commendation of the officers and men under my command. Although several times subjected to tests as trying as the soldier usually meets on the field, there was with few exceptions, perfect coolness and a resolute heroism I was very proud to witness.

Among the killed and wounded are many officers (including in the latter Colonel Pratt), whose loss is severely felt. Indeed, I have been obliged to consolidate fragments of companies which were left with a corporal only to command with other fragments and reduce my ten companies to four, and distribute my eight line officers remaining for duty to these four companies.

I am, captain, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

THEODORE B. GATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain J. P. KIMBALL, Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 33. Reports of Brigadier General John Gibbon U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Brigade, of engagement near Gainesville and battle of Bull Run.

HEADQUARTERS GIBBON'S BRIGADE.

Camp near Upton's Hill, Va. September 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade during the action of the 28th of August:

The division was marching on Centreville from Gainesville, my brigade following General Hatch's on the Warrenton turnpike, in the following order: The Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Cutler; Second Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel O'Connor; Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel Robinson; Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel

---------------

*Not found; but see p. 254.

---------------

