
and respectfully request that it may be published as such and a copy furnished Major-General Pope.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY.

Numbers 34. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward S. Bragg, Sixth Wisconsin Infantry, of engagement near Gainesville.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT, WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, September 3, 1862.

SIR: Colonel Cutler having received a severe wound in the engagement of the 28th ultimo, the command of the regiment devolved upon me. When he left the field I found my right wing engaging the enemy in front at short range, and receiving not only his fire, but also suffering from an oblique fire of an enemy lying upon the crest of the hill, extending beyond our right. I immediately changed position, moving my line to the left so far as was necessary to protect the right from this second fire by cover of a point of wood extending down to my front, and from which we had dislodged the enemy. This was done by the command in excellent order, each and man seemingly vieing with the other to excel in coolness and good conduct under fire.

Having changed position, I caused the fire to be resumed until the enemy withdrew from our front and ceased to reply. I then caused details to be made to remove the dead and wounded, which having been done, I withdrew the regiment about 500 yards and placed it under cover of wood and facing the field, and advanced a line of pickets upon the field of battle to protect me from surprises should the enemy desire to renew the contest. Here I remained until orders were received to resume our march toward Manassas, when I joined the column, as directed by the general.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of both men and officers during and subsequent to the engagement. It were hardly possible to be placed under a hotter fire, but there was no confusion, no faltering. The regiment fought as brave men only can fight. The wounded went to the rear without a murmur or died in their places without a groan.

Our list of casualties is as follows: Colonel Cutler severely wounded; Lieutenant J. B. Johnson, Company E, wounded and a prisoner; Captain J. F. Marsh slightly wounded. Enlisted men-wounded, 61; killed, 8; missing, 3; total, 75. Total engaged, 504.

In conclusion I cannot refrain from referring especially to Corpl. John H. Burns and Private Harry G. Dunn, of Company E, and Sergt. William Campbell, Company K, who left the ambulances upon the sound of the first fire, procured muskets and ammunition, and joined the regiment and fought to the last. Corporal Burns had been suffering from sickness for several days, and upon the conclusion of the battle was so ill that he was obliged to go to hospital at Alexandria.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

EDWD. S. BRAGG

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers.

Captain J. P. WOOD, A. A. G., Gibbon's Brigade.

