
enemy, but was outnumbered in guns, and withdrew it to unite with Matthews' battery on the right of Stevens' division, to aid in checking the enemy's advance, which was now pushed along the front. Their loss in men and horses entirely disabled these batteries, and in connection with the casualties among the commanding officers, compelled the division to retire toward night, making a desperate stand at Mrs. Carter's house, used for a hospital, which proved unavailing against the superior force.

On the 31st we remained at Centreville, supplying the exhausted division. The Fourth Brigade was here detached, and the commanding officer, Colonel Thoburn, being wounded, I have been unable to obtain his report, but respectfully submit the casualties in the First Second, and Third Brigades.

On the 1st of September we took up position on the Aldie road, acting in conjunction with General Reno's division, and held this point until the 2nd September, when, in compliance with orders, we fell back to Hall's Hill, near Washington.

In recapitulating the services of the brigade commanders I would make particular mention of Brigadier-General Duryea, commanding First Brigade, for his noble conduct at Thoroughfare Gap and his indomitable courage displayed at Bull Run while holding a trying position.

I desire to express my especial obligations to Brigadier-General Tower, commanding Second Brigade, for his indefatigable zeal and valuable services on all occasions, particularly at Thoroughfare Gap and at Bull Run, where he was detached with two brigades and their batteries, and highly distinguished himself. I commend the conduct of Colonel Root, Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, who, although painfully wounded at Bull Run, continued on duty.

The Third Brigade, although early deprived of their efficient commander, Brigadier-General Hartsuff, behaved admirably. I particularly noticed Colonel Coulter, Eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, whose regiment bore the brunt of the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap.

Colonel Thoburn, First Virginia, commanding Fourth Brigade, deserves high commendation for his valuable services. Captains Matthews' and Thompson's Pennsylvania batteries and Captains Leppien's and Hall's Maine batteries deserve to be mentioned not only for their uniform attention to their duties, but for their efficiency throughout the 30th August. My thanks are due to the officers of my staff, Captain John W. Williams, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. Fisher, aide-de-camp, and Captain B. W. Richards, aide-de-camp, who severally exhibited a high degree of efficiency and personal bravery.

Surg. N. R. Moseley, medical director, was untiring in his exertions and care of the wounded.

Major William Painter showed remarkable zeal and energy; also Acting Ordnance Officer Lieutenant M. S. Smith, Thirteenth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Very respectfully,

JAMES B. RICKETTS,

Brigadier-General Volunteers, Commanding Division.

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

25 R R-VOL XII, PT II

