
Manassas, to Gainesville, where we bivouacked for the night, the troops being greatly wearied by the long march and operations of the day.

At the dawn of the next morning (the 29th) we were again upon the road to Manassas, where we arrived before noon, and unexpectedly found it in the possession of our army. After two or three hour's rest the line of march was taken for another battle-field, the battle then raging with great fury near the old Bull Run battle ground. At the close of the day we arrived upon the ground, the battle still in progress, the rebels being strongly pressed and yielding ground. The regiment, in connection with those composing the brigade, bivouacked on the field while the balls and shells of the enemy were still flying over and around them.

Soon after daylight the next morning (30th) the regiment was in line on the right of the brigade, and moved forward under your orders to the conflict, forming in linen of battle on the extreme right of the front line, and advancing over a ridge obliquely to the left, and relieving the sharpshooters on our front, and forward to a position in the little valley beyond the ridge-a point considerably nearer the enemy than any previously occupied by our troops in this part of the field. Being in close proximity to the enemy, whose sharpshooters were endeavoring to pick off officers and men, a number of skirmishers were sent forward to guard against this, and subsequently at your suggestion others were sent forward, under direction of Sergt. J. H. Beamenderfer, of Company I, to ascertain the locality of the enemy's batteries. I would also mention Sergt. S. R. Hough, of Company A, as rendering good service in scouting at different times. The regiments of this brigade upon our left about this time began to fire frequent volleys, which soon brought within grape-shot range in a corn field, in front a rebel battery that opened fire with great effect, you yourself receiving a slight wound and contusion from the explosion of a shell. An order was then given to retire some distance, as to have maintained this forward position, with no battery of our own available at the time to reply to that of the enemy, would have been a useless sacrifice of our brave men. The regiments on our left in the brigade retired, at once, but not receiving the order, I continued to hold the ground occupied by the One hundred and seventh, and soon after fell back in good order under a heavy fire,and, considering the exposed position with comparatively little loss. A new line was soon formed more in prolongation of the general line of battle in the same wood of the former line, but believed to be better protected from the enemy's batteries. Other movements were made at different times during the day, under your orders, which would occupy too much space to give in detail.

On occupying the new position the battle appeared to have slackened by a partial cessation of fire on both sides. Before the regiment, with the others belonging to the brigade, advanced to the position referred to, we received the encouraging word that the enemy was falling back. As we occupied the old ground the firing began to increase, both artillery and musketry, principally to the left of our position, but gradually approaching. It was now evident that instead of falling back and leaving us the victory, as supposed,they had received heavy re-enforcements and were in the act of making a most desperate attempt to drive our forces from the field. For hours the battle grew in volume and intensity. At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon the firing was terrific in the extreme. Gradually the regiments on the left of your brigade retired, and the enemy, immediately in front in large force with batteries, advanced with columns of infantry. The regiments on our

