
immediate left and in our brigade retired, leaving the One hundred and seventh Regiment (the order to fall back not having been received by me) the only in position along the whole front of this part of the field. The firing was very heavy, and was now more so than at any previous time during the day, being rapidly concentrated upon us, and in the face of what I think was an effective fire from our side. Being flanked on both sides, our supports all gone, and in a very brief period sure to be surrounded and the regiment lost, we moved back under a destructive fire in the direction of our supporting regiments and others that had preceded us. As soon as we had reached proper ground (having been in a thick wood nearly all the day) we rallied as many of the men as practicable in the growing darkness. Meeting with you, general on the same ground, rallying the brigade and soon after, with you at our head, we took up the line of march to Centreville, at which point the army was to concentrate for further action, and where we arrived at the dawn of the next morning, being he 31st of August, 1862.

In reviewing the conduct of the regiment I had the honor to command during the memorable operations of which the foregoing is a very brief account, it affords me great satisfaction to have it in my power to say that it was uniformly such as was worthy the patriotic and the brave volunteer soldier fighting in defense of his beloved country and its constituted authorities. Although victory did not crown their brave efforts they bravely performed every duty, and no failure to accomplish any object can be chargeable to them.

The company, officers who were present in all or part of the foregoing fifteen days' and nights' operations in Virginia were: Company A, Captain Jacob Dorsheimer, Lieuts. Theodore K. Scheffer and Oliver P. Stair; Company B, Captain J. MacThomson, Lieuts. T. H. N. McPherson and J. V. Gish; Company C, First Lieutenant James Corcoran, commanding company ; Company D, First Lieutenant A. Wilson Norris, commanding company; Company E, Captain E. D. Roath, Lieuts. James A. Carman (commanding Company C at Bull Run), and J. F. Williams; Company F, Captain E. W. H. Eisenbise, sick on the 30th (Lieutenant Templeton, of same company, was in command during that day); Company G, Second Lieutenant E. E. Zeigler, commanding; Company H, Captain J. T. Dick, and Second Lieutenant G. W. Z. Black, Company I, Captain Henry J. Sheaffer, Lieuts. W. N. Black, and D. S. Matthews, the latter rendering good and faithful service as acting adjutant until August 28, when from severe illness he was compelled to cease the performance of duty; Company K, Captain A. J. Brand and Lieutenant Benjamin Rodes. My thanks are due to Sergt. Major James B. Thomas for aid rendered in the battle of the 30th, during which time he was acting adjutant.

The field officers present and who rendered me much assistance were Lieutenant Colonel R. W. McAllen and Major J. Forney, and although laboring under disease that would have justified them in being relieved, they remained with the regiment for duty on the march and in the engagements. The former, in making a dangerous reconnaissance in the wood on our right in the battle of Bull Run, narrowly escaped capture by the rebels. Quartermaster Lyon, although absent with the train, was in the line of duty, and its preservation is evidence that his duties were well performed. I am pleased to be assured that Commissary Sergt. J. MacMontgomery performed well his difficult duties. Surgeon Hutchinson and Assistant Surgeon Westcott were with the regiment in the discharge of their arduous and responsible duties. Rev. W. T. Campbell, chaplain, was with the regiment, and ever willing and prompt in the discharge of duty. The wounded at Thoroughfare Gap

