
were placed in ambulances, to be conveyed under his care, by direction of Dr. Heard, brigade surgeon, to hospitals at Alexandria, and, falling within the lines of the enemy near Manassas Junction, were detained until September 7. Chaplains being exempt from capture as prisoners of war he was released, and remained with our surgeons within the enemy's lines in assisting to convey the wounded at Bull Run battle ground to places of comfort and safety.

The losses, although not being extremely great-only 125 in killed, wounded, and missing*-have been severely felt by the regiment. The list of casualties has been forwarded to your headquarters. We have to mourn the loss of a brave and worthy officer in Captain John T. Dick, of Company H, who was killed on the field, in the battle of Bull Run, August 30, 1862. First Lieutenant A. Wilson Norris, Company D, and Second Lieutenant John F. Williams Company E (the latter slightly wounded) both good and esteemed officers, were taken prisoners in the same battle and forwarded by the enemy to Richmond. They are now on parole, awaiting exchange to enable them to rejoin the regiment. First Sergt. E. H. Green, Company E, highly commended for good conduct, was also wounded and taken prisoner. The persons of many brave and efficient non-commissioned officers and men are no longer to be seen in the ranks. They are either dead, wounded, or prisoners. It gives me pleasure to record that Sergt. Richard Hough, Company A; Sergt. J. H. Beamenderfer, Company I; Corpl. H. W. Smyser; Company E, Corpl. Samuel Lehman, Company G; Corpl. H. Sixrever, Company B, and Private Thomas Wheeler, Company C, have been named to me as worthy to be mentioned as having shown more then usual zeal and courage, and I am happy to learn that the subsequent battles have increased the list of such worthy and gallant soldiers.

T. F. McCOY

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and seventh Regiment Pa. Vols.

Brigadier-General DURYEA,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Richard H. Richardson, Twenty-sixth New York Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLS.,In camp, September 12, 1862.

COLONEL: I would respectfully, report that during the action of Saturday, 30th of August, the Twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, occupied the position of left of General Tower's brigade. Went into action in support of a battery and relief of a brigade, than engaged, at about 4.30 o'clock p.m. Moved on the field by the left flank on double-quick, filed left in rear of battery then engaged; halted and came to the front, opened from the two companies on the left, at that time the only ones unmasked. Received an order from General Tower to again face to the left and march on double-quick to the relief of extreme left, then hard pressed by the enemy. Again halted and came to the front, and opened fire on the left, advancing the right of the battalion to the

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 255.

---------------

