
rise of the hill. At this the battery on the hill retired, breaking through the center of the battalion, accompanied by hundreds of the brigade in advance of our left, then broken. The battalion was rallied as far as possible continuing the fire. Those in retreat were rallied on the flank at the edge of the timber to oppose the flanking party of the enemy at that time within 200 yards of our flank, and opening fire from one battery with grape and canister and musketry from several battalions. This line was broken and again formed some 250 yards in rear,and nearly at right angles with the brigade, and almost immediately, as the whole left was then retiring. The regiment remained under fire from twenty to twenty-five minutes, firing during the time an average of as nearly as can be ascertained, 30 rounds per man, retiring in the direction of Centreville.

The loss of the regiment was in killed and wounded 118 and missing 55, who have not been accounted for since the action. Among the killed and wounded I have to report the loss of Captains Cossleman, Davis, Jennings, and Lieutenant Leonard, commanding company. Of these only one has been heard from, viz; Captain Jennings, Company G, wounded and paroled.

I would further report that the regiment assembled at Centreville on Sunday morning, August 31.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, sir, most respectfully,your obedient servant,

R. H. RICHARDSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth New York Volunteers.

Colonel W. H. CHRISTIAN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 38. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Calvin Littlefield, Ninety-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP NEAR MECHANICSVILLE, MD.,

September 10, 1862

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully report, in accordance to General Orders, Numbers 40, that on the 30th of August, 1862, the Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers went onto the battle-field of Bull Run at about 4.30 o'clock p.m. We were ordered to the support of a battery occupying the right of the brigade, and immediately after having taken this position we were ordered to move by the left flank to the left of the brigade. Having passed tow regiments we were then ordered to change the direction of our line by filing to the left, and while in the act of forming our line in the new direction we were ordered by General Tower to fire upon the enemy, who had now made their appearance in a corn field directly in our front. The Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers having in the mean time changed their front prevented our firing, as but three companies of our regiment had passed from their rear. General Tower then ordered that these three companies should advance to the brow of a hill upon our right, which order was promptly obeyed. While these three companies were engaging the enemy at that point the remaining seven advanced in the original direction, and engaged the enemy on the extreme left of the brigade. This position we held until flanked by the enemy. Finding ourselves

