
in the midst of a cross-fire, and suffering severely therefrom, we obeyed an order previously given to retire.

The list of casualties has already been rendered.*

I remain,yours, with respect and esteem.

C. LITTLEFIELD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel CHRISTIAN,

Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 39. Report of Major George W. Gile, Eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.

September 13, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 40, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by the Eighty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers at the battle of Bull Run, August 30, 1862:

We, in common with other regiments of our brigade, were ordered to the field on the left of the line at about 4.30 p.m., where the regiment formed in line on the brow of the hill, and held it, although our line was thrice broken-once by a regiment of retiring infantry, once by a battery retreating for want, as they shouted, of ammunition, once by their guns coming to our relief and going into battery immediately in our ranks-until a flanking column of the enemy forced us to retire.

The regiment mourns the loss of the lieutenant-colonel commanding, Joseph A. McLean, and Captain J. J. Bellsterling, who died in the full and fearless discharge of their duty.

Very respectfully.

GEO. W . GILE,Major, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel CHRISTIAN,

Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., 3rd Corps, Army of Virginia.

Numbers 40. Report of Colonel Peter Lyle, Ninetieth Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battles of Bull Run.
HDQRS. NINETIETH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Camp near Ridgeville, Md., September 13, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 40, from Headquarters Second Division, of September 9, 1862, I have the honor to report that the regiment that I command entered with the brigade the battle-field of Bull Run, or Groveton, on the 30th of August, 1862, at about 4.30 o'clock p.m. Our brigade entered the field, left in front, on the double-quick, and was formed in line of battle behind a battery on the brow of a hill.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 255.

---------------

