
road. On the 27th it marched with the army on the Alexandria and Warrenton turnpike, and encamped at Broad Run. On the 27th marched to Manassas by way of Gainesville. On the supposition that the enemy was at the former place, I was directed to follow General Sigel's corps until our arrival at Gainesville, where I was to form in columns of echelon on his left, King's division to form in like manner on my left, in which order we were to move on Manassas. On arriving at Gainesville the head of my column was fired upon by two pieces of the enemy in position on the heights above Groveton and to the left of the turnpike, which were immediately replied to by Ransom's battery, and Meade's brigade rapidly thrown into line of battle by that general. The range being too great for Ransom's guns his battery was replaced by the rifled guns of Captain Cooper, when the enemy withdrew, not, however, before some los had been sustained by Meade. Some force was displayed and skirmishers sent forward along the pike and through the woods on the right of the road. On the opening of fire upon the enemy from our rifled guns he retired from our front. This was supposed to be merely a demonstration by the enemy to save a wagon train which was seen moving off on the Sudley Springs road, and the column continued its march toward Manassas.

About 5 o'clock I received orders to march upon Centreville, and the column turned off at Bethlehem Church and took the Sudley Springs road toward the Warrenton pike. About this time heavy cannonading was heard both to our front and left, the former supposed to be from Sigel's corps, and the latter from King's division, which had taken the Warrenton pike from Gainesville. I sent word to the column to hasten its march, and proceeded to the left at once myself in the direction of the firing, arriving on the field just before dark, and found that Gibbon's brigade, of King's division, was engaged with the enemy, with Doubledays' and Patrick's brigades in the vicinity. After the firing ceased I saw General King, who, determining to maintain his position, I left about 9 o'clock p.m. to return to my division, promising to bring it up early in the morning to his support.

Before leaving however, I heard the division moving off, and I learned from General Hatch that it was moving by Gainesville toward Manassas. I then returned to my own division, which I reached at daylight on the morning of the 28th [29th]; closed up with General Sigel's command on the old battle-field of Bull Run. General Sigel reported the enemy in his immediate front, and requested my co-operation with him in an attack upon his position. I accordingly formed my division on the left of General Sigel's corps, next to the division of General Schenck. General McDowell joined the command at daylight, and directed my co-operation with General Sigel.

The right of the enemy's position could be discerned upon the heights above Groveton, on the right of the pike. The division advanced over the ground to the heights above Groveton, crossed the pike, and Cooper's battery came gallantly into action on the same ridge on which the enemy's right was, supported by Meade's brigade. While pressing forward our extreme left across the pike re-enforcements were sent for by General Sigel for the right of his line, under General Milroy, now hardly pressed by the enemy, and a brigade was taken from Schenck's command on my right. The whole fire of the enemy was now concentrated on the extreme right of my division, and, unsupported there, the battery was obliged to retire, with considerable loss in both men and horses, and the division fell back to connect with Schenck.

Later in the day Genera Pope, arriving on the right from Centreville,

