
that the most severe loss of the division was sustained both in men and material, Kerns losing his four guns, but not until wounded and left on the field; Cooper his caissons.

Colonel Hardin, commanding Twelfth Regiment, was here severely wounded. The brigade under command of Colonel Anderson sustained itself most gallantly, and though severely pushed on both front and flank maintained its position until overwhelmed by numbers, when it fell back, taking up new positions wherever the advantages of ground permitted. The two brigades and battery of artillery under my immediate command, finding ourselves perfectly out of place, moved, by the direction of an officer of General Pope's staff, to a position to the right of the Henry house, which position was most gallantly maintained by the commands of Meade and Seymour and Ransom's battery for nearly two hours, when they were relieved by the division of regular troops under Colonel Buchanan. My division was then united and marched during the early part of the night toward Centreville and bivouacked with Sykes' division up the east bank of Cub Run. On the following morning it proceeded to Centreville.

On the afternoon of the 31st my division was directed to relieve the command of General Reno (Stevens' brigade), occupying the position of Cub Run, where it remained during the night. On the 1st instant the division marched with the army from Centreville, and encamped near Fairfax Court-House. On the 2nd it proceeded by the Alexandria and Columbia turnpike to the vicinity of Hunter's Chapel and Arlington. On the afternoon of the 4th the division arrived at this place, and encamped in position to the rear of Munson's Hill.

The conduct of the officers and men during the several actions and the arduous marches they were subjected to since leaving Fredericksburg was generally good and commendable. Many straggled from the ranks, unable to keep up, and some few left the ranks on the field; but, rejoining their commands at Centreville, it is impossible to ascertain who were censurable. General Meade mentions the First Rifles, under Colonel McNeil, to whose lot the advance skirmishing principally fell, as deserving particular notice. The First Infantry, under Colonel Roberts; the Second, Colonel McCandless; the Sixth, Colonel Sinclair; the Seventh, Lieutenant-Colonel Henderson, and the Twelfth, Colonel Hardin, are also particularly mentioned.

Generals Meade and Seymour, as heretofore, led and conducted their brigades in the most skillful manner throughout the entire marches and actions; also General Jackson, commanding Third Brigade, up to the time that he was taken sick on the field and obliged to retire on the 30th. His command devolved upon Colonel Anderson, who conducted the brigade through that day. To the officers of my small staff, consisting of Captain Kingsbury, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Lamborn, aide-de-camp and Lieutenant Snyder, of the Seventh Regiment, acting aide-de-camp I am greatly indebted for their indefatigable efforts to execute my orders, rendered more arduous by the incompleteness of the division as well as brigade staffs, having neither quartermaster nor commissary with the division.

Division Surgeon King remained upon the field with Surgeon Read, of the First Infantry, to attend to our wounded. Not having a single ambulance with the division, it was impossible to bear our wounded any distance from the field.

I inclose a return of the killed, wounded, and missing in the several actions; also a list by name.

I neglected to mention that the Second Regiment, under Colonel

