
cept for ammunition being furnished, the command was compelled to leave everything on the ground, including the hospital tents and all medical supplies, except the proportion that could be carried in two wagons furnished the whole for this purpose.

Owing to the darkness of the night and the occurrence of a heavy rain-storm much time was lost in finding the road from camp to Falmouth, and at 2 a.m. of the 22nd the brigade was halted about 2 miles beyond Falmouth. After resting for three hours the march was resumed, and continued through one of the hottest days of the season until Kelly's Ford was reached, nearly 27 miles from Falmouth.

On the 23rd the command was marched to Rappahannock Station, arriving at that point just as the rear of General Pope's army was leaving which the command followed, bivouacking for the night at a point some 3 miles from Warrenton.

The next day (24th) the command was marched to Warrenton and posted with the division on the heights about a mile south of the town.

On August 25 the brigade was ordered on the road from Warrenton to Sulphur Springs, at the forks of the Sulphur Springs and Waterloo roads, distant about 4 miles from Warrenton.

On the 27th the brigade marched from the last camp on the Alexandria Railroad as far as Buckland, where it bivouacked for the night.

On the 28th the march was resumed, this brigade being the advance of McDowell's corps and following Sigel's corps.

The plan of operation requiring the advance of the two corps in line of battle en echelon, Sigel's corps moved off to the right in the direction of Manassas Railroad, and this brigade was advancing along the Warrenton pike, about forming line of battle, when from the heights near Groveton the enemy opened on the head of the column with shot and shell. The brigade was immediately formed in line of battle on each side of the road, the Fourth Regiment on the right, the Third and Seventh on the left, and the Eighth in reserve.

Ransom's battery of light 12-pounders was brought to the front and put in action, but, the range being too great, was withdrawn, and Cooper's battery of 10-pounder Parrotts substituted in its place. Seeing these dispositions the enemy ceased firing and apparently withdrew.

The brigade was then formed in line of battle under the direction of the general commanding the division, with Cooper's battery in the center, supported by the Third and Fourth Regiments on the right, the Seventh and Eighth on the left, and the First Rifles (Bucktails) in advance as skirmishers. The brigade advanced in this order for several miles through the woods and across ravines until the plains of Manassas were reached, when the division was halted. At this point orders were received to move on Centreville, and the road by Bethlehem Church and stone bridge designated as the route to be taken. The brigade advanced on this road, but about 7 p.m., heavy firing being heard in the direction of Groveton presumed to be the engagement of part of McDowell's corps, the division was headed to the left and gained the Manassas Junction and Sudley Springs road,on which it advanced until it became so dark, and the firing having ceased it was halted and bivouacked for the night in the vicinity of the Conrad house.

On the 29th the brigade was formed in line of battle on the left of Sigel's corps and directed to move on Gainesville. Sigel, having found the enemy on his front on the other side of the Warrenton pike, engaged them along his whole line,and the brigade moved up on his left until it crossed the Warrenton pike within a half mile of Groveton, at

