
which point Cooper's battery was established on the ridge, with the Fourth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments to support him the Third being posted along the pike and the Rifles sent up the pike as skirmishers. The enemy, perceiving this disposition, brought several batteries to bear on Cooper's who, being short of ammunition, was withdrawn, and Ransom's was about being substituted, when it was ascertained that Schenck's division, of Sigel's corps, which had been on our right, was withdrawn, and at the same time the enemy's infantry were deploying in our front in such force as required the withdrawal of the brigade to the other side of the Warrenton pike, where a position was taken on the plateau near what is known as the Lewis House, which overlooks Groveton and the pike leading to it. This position was held until dark, when, ascertaining that the attack of a portion of King's division, on our right and front, had been repulsed and the enemy advancing in force, I directed the withdrawal of the batteries, and after dark withdrew the brigade to the position occupied by the rest of the division.

On the morning of the 30th the brigade advanced along the Warrenton pike and in the line of battle, First Rifles (Bucktails) in front as skirmishers, Cooper's battery in the center, with the regiments on each side in column of companies as support. The enemy immediately opened on us from his batteries on the ridge back to Groveton and the rifles engaged his skirmishers this side of Groveton. The skirmishers being driven back, the line was advanced to the ridge immediately overlooking Groveton, where Cooper was brought into action, and the firing kept up on both sides for over an hour. There appearing to be a disposition to dispute in force our farther advance, the Third Regiment was sent to Groveton and skirmishers deployed to support the Rifles. This position was maintained under quite a galling fire from the enemy's artillery, until by direction of the general commanding the division the brigade was withdrawn to the ridge occupied in the morning. At this point, believing that a left attack was contemplated by the enemy, dispositions were made to meet it by placing the batteries on the plateau looking to the left and deploying the brigade in the woods on an oblique line from the batteries in the rear of the Warrenton pike.

About 3 p.m., by the orders of the general commanding the division, the brigade was moved from this position and marched entirely across the battle-field to the other side of the Warrenton pike, which position it had not sooner reached than it was ordered to march back to the plateau, of the Henry house. At this point the brigade, in conjunction with the division, was deployed in line of battle and charged down the slope of the Henry House ridge toward the Sudley Springs road, driving before it such of the enemy as had advanced across this road, and taking a position in this road, which was firmly maintained under heavy infantry fire until it was relieved by Buchanan's brigade of regulars.

It is due to the Pennsylvania Reserves to say that this charge and maintenance of this position was made at a most critical period of the day. The enemy had repulsed the attack made by us on our right flank and had himself assumed the offensive on our left flank. His infantry had emerged from the woods, had already secured one of our batteries, and was advancing to the Henry House ridge which, if he had succeeded in gaining, might have materially altered the fortune of the day. It was the good fortune of the Reserves to be brought into action at this moment, and by their gallant bearing and firm advance to com-

