
Numbers 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas L. Kane, Kane's Rifle Battalion, of skirmish at Catlett's Station.
HEADQUARTERS KANE RIFLES,Catlett's Station, August 23, 1862.

MAJOR: I am sorry to report that my little command was surprised at night-fall yesterday by Robertson's brigade of Confederate cavalry and other forces, under the command of General J. E. B. Stuart. Favored by the exceedingly tempestuous weather the enemy, passing or capturing our pickets without resistance, moved rapidly upon the railroad station, passing through my camp. I succeeded with difficulty in rallying 68 men in the adjoining wood. I marched immediately to the support of the Purnell Legion, by whom the railroad station and brigade should have been defended, but these companies, offering no serious show of resistance, was soon dispersed, and before I reached the station all was quiet there an the enemy had left.

I considered it of the first importance to prevent them from burning the bridge. I attacked them as they returned up the Manassas road, but, although they fled without returning my fire, they halted a distance less than half a mile beyond me and fire the tents and wagons belonging to General Pope's staff, which were upon the woods along the Manassas road. They afterward commenced destroying the wagons of the staff trains of General McDowell, which being plainly seen, as this train was stationed in an open field, I charged and drove them off, but, as it proved, too late to prevent the destruction of much valuable property. The enemy's loss I have not yet ascertained.

My own loss in the charge was 5 wounded-1 mortally. I have to report a large number of missing, including my entire picket guard. Lieutenant-Colonel Myers, of your staff, rendered me valuable services during the night, which I beg leave cordially to acknowledge.

I cannot ascertain that the Purnell Legion or the other troops reported to be in the vicinity posted any pickets last evening or rendered any service in effecting the enemy's repulse.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. KANE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Kane's Rifle Battalion.

Major S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Brigadier General A. Sanders Piatt, U. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS PIATT'S BRIGADE,Camp near Centreville, Va., September 1, 1862.

GENERAL: Herein I have the honor to report the condition of my brigade before and since the action of the 30th ultimo, as follows:

