
be, before starting again for that place I threw out skirmishers both in advance and on the flanks, and proceeded to feel the way carefully for Manassas. Just as we were starting, Captain Von Puttkammer, of the Eleventh New York Battery, came up, stating that he had lost three sections of his battery; also that Lieutenant James, Battery C, First New York Artillery, had lost his section, all captured by the rebels at Manassas. This led me to suppose that the enemy were in greater force than was at first reported.

I arrived at Manassas just about daybreak and immediately threw my regiment in line of battle and marched forward. The skirmishers before long fired into the rebel cavalry, which was stationed at or near a barn. Soon afterward five riderless horses were observed running at large. The remaining section of Captain Von Puttkammer's battery was now ordered up by me and stationed on a little knoll on the right of our line of battle and ordered to fire upon the enemy, who was still stationed behind this barn. There now appeared to be infantry with them. The first shell fired by the section dispersed them, and they immediately took for the woods. The woods were shelled in the direction which they were seen to have gone with effect, as the number of siderless horses which came from thence would tend to show.

At about 9 o'clock in the morning they again appeared in force upon our left flank. The line of battle was immediately changed to the left to meet the emergency. Soon after a heavy fire was opened upon the regiment by all the forts in the vicinity. The men stood it without flinching. Their firing was beautiful, every shot falling close enough to scatter the dust all over the regiment, the shells for the most part bursting above us. As far as known no one was killed, although quite a number wounded. The enemy's force, numbering about five to our one, and they having a great many pieces of artillery and we only two, I ordered a retreat to [be] sounded, which was effected with good order. The enemy's cavalry immediately commenced a pursuit. My men, having marched all the day before and being up all night, were very tired indeed, and they in consequence became a little scattered, but nevertheless the retreat was conducted in tolerably good order. The enemy pursued us to Fairfax Court-House. They there made a dash at our advance, but we fortunately here met the Fourteenth Massachusetts, which came to our assistance. The enemy are now again upon the retreat and I am now shelling them with effect.

Sir, I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

GUSTAV WAAGNER,

Colonel, Commanding Second New York Artillery,

Per JAS. V. LAWRENCE,

Adjutant.

General STURGIS, Commanding Division.

Numbers 46. Report of Lieutenant James V. Lawrence, Second New York Heavy Artillery, of action at Bull Run Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND NEW YORK ARTILLERY,Cooper House, Fairfax Seminary, August 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor most respectfully to report that upon the morning of the 26th we left our camp at Accotink (9 miles from

