
and in good order as far as Bull Run Bridge. Our men having had nothing to eat, no sleep, and having been constantly on their feet for over twenty-four hours, were very tired, and we commenced to flag a little, but kept quite in a body along to Centreville, where we halted and formed again, and in the course of half an hour started again. The rebels were plainly seen in pursuit before starting. We marched in good order again for over 4 miles, when they commenced to tire out. The rebel cavalry, then charging, drove them into the woods (that portion which were lagging) and went in pursuit, and a running fire was kept up by our men until the Fourteenth Massachusetts came to our assistance, about a mile from Fairfax. Many a saddle was emptied by our men. The rebels must have suffered a quite a loss. We also suppose that we have lost in this running skirmish a few men and officers killed or prisoners.* Colonel Waagner was the last to leave the battle-field, and brought up the rear of the regiment most of the time during the retreat. He has not been heard of since the first charge of the rebels, and I suppose he is a prisoner.

Our men stood the battle bravely. Not a man flinched or murmured, but bore both hunger and fatigue and the fire with cheers. Our entire force actually engaged was about 600. Had it not been for us the whole of the baggage and supply train of General Banks' division would have been captured. We are now forming our camp at Cooper's house, near Fort Worth, and have about 400 men. The rest will be in during the course of the day. We require about two or three days to rest and organize, and then we shall be ready and anxious to take the field again.

Sir, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JAS. V. LAWRENCE,

Adjutant Second New York Artillery.

General STURGIS, Commanding Division.

P. S.-Our colors and train are safe. The two guns were turned over to Colonel Greene, Fourteenth Massachusetts.

Numbers 47. Report of Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding Kanawha Division, of reconnaissance to Dranesville, Herndon Station, and Frying Pan, August 31.
HEADQUARTERS KANAWHA DIVISION,Upton's Hill, September 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on yesterday reconnoitering parties of the cavalry attached to this command scouted the country in front as far as Dranesville, at which place our party fed yesterday afternoon. No enemy was seen or heard of at Dranesville or at any point north or east of the turnpike leading hence to that place. They were also at Herndon Station and the Frying Pan. From the latter place they were expected, in accordance with their orders, to return by way of Fairfax Court-House, but one party, consisting of 30 men of the Tenth New York Volunteer Cavalry, under Captain Pratt, took the direct road to Centreville. Of this party a sergeant is the only man who has as yet returned. He reports that about 8 o'clock in the even-

---------------

*See revised statement, p. 257.

---------------

