
the 27th instant to Bull Run Bridge with the Eleventh and Twelfth Ohio Volunteers, charged to protect the railroad bridges between Alexandria and Bull Run.

On reaching Bull Bridge, at 8 a.m. of the 27th, I learned that Brigadier-General Taylor was in command, having with him a brigade of four regiments of New Jersey Volunteers. Soon after my arrival the acting assistant adjutant-general attached to General Taylor's staff notified me that General Taylor had been engaged with the enemy, and had retreated from the west to the east side of the stream. The general was severely wounded, and turned over the command to me, informing me that the enemy was in large force as compared with ours. The enemy kept up a sharp cannonade from 8 o'clock in the morning until 3 or 4 p.m. I had nothing but musketry with which to reply, and finding that I could successfully maintain my position, as I was totally unprovided with artillery, I ordered a retreat. It was made with much caution and in good order, but not until our loss in killed and wounded had reached the number of about 190*-perhaps a few more or less-accurate reports not having been rendered while on the marches. The loss of the enemy could scarcely have been as severe as our own, from the fact that he was well provided with cannon, while we had none.

The fight was maintained with spirit from about 8.30 a.m. until 3.30 p.m., when I drew off the troops to a point some 3 miles from the bridge. Meantime the enemy had shown the intention of surrounding my small force. Early in the evening I marched the troops along the railroad, as if intending to retire by that route. I afterward counter-marched the column, when it had become quite dark, and retreated by the Fairfax road and a by-road connecting it with the Little River turnpike, reaching Alexandria with the troops in good order at about 10 a.m. to-day.

It is proper to state that from the best information which I could obtain the force of the enemy actually engaged was six regiments of infantry and six pieces of artillery. He had also a strong corps of cavalry-1,000 to 5,000.

Six of our men were made prisoners, besides some of the wounded that could not be removed, and were left in charge of an assistant surgeon.

I am constrained to say that the behavior of the New Jersey brigade after General Taylor retired from the field was discreditable; they retreated rapidly and in disorder along the line of the railroad. Only one lieutenant and 12 or 14 men refused to go back with the rest, and they urgently requested through their officer to stay and help to fight the enemy. I will forward their names this evening, my memorandum not being at hand.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Provisional Brigade.

Brigadier-General JACOB D. COX,

Commanding Division.

I beg leave to add to this report that the conduct of Colonels White, Twelfth, and Coleman, of the Eleventh, Regiment was most praise-worthy, as was also that of Lieutenant-Colonel Hines.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 262.

---------------

