
I have made especial mention of Colonel White and Lieutenant-Colonels Coleman and Hines. I should add the name of Major Jackson, of the Eleventh, and, though such mention may seem a matter of course, I should be unjust were I not to bear witness to the coolness and efficient energy of Lieutenants Kennedy and Botsford, of my staff.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. P. SCAMMON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain G. M. BASCOM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 49. Report of Lieutenant Robert P. Kennedy, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, of action at Bull Run Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, KANAWHA DIVISION,August 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report my knowledge of the connection of the First New Jersey Brigade with the engagement at Bull Run Bridge on Wednesday, August 27:

This brigade, falling back before the forces of the enemy, crossed the bridge, passing through the lines of the Eleventh and Twelfth Ohio Regiments, which were formed with the right of the Twelfth Regiment resting upon or near the bridge. At the rear of the Twelfth an attempt was made by some person, as also by myself, by your order, to halt the string of refugees from the New Jersey Brigade. I was informed that they were ordered back by General Taylor and were commanded to form on the left of the First Brigade. Of this I informed you. About this time Captain Dunham, assistant adjutant-general of the First New Jersey Brigade, brought back the work that they had received no such orders and they were to be halted. A fruitless attempt was made. The Twelfth Regiment having been ordered forward to protect the bridge, by your orders I went forward to Colonel White, whom I found fighting bravely under a heavy fire. Having accomplished the orders on which I was sent, I returned with a report of the condition of affairs in front. In accordance with orders I then directed the Eleventh up the hill on the left bank of the river, where I left it under the guidance of Lieutenant James L. Botsford, acting aide-de-camp, and then returned to the rear to rally the New Jersey troops, if possible, and conduct one regiment up to the front on the right and protecting the threatened flank of the Twelfth Regiment. Having passed down the railroad for some distance I endeavored to stop the retreating columns, but to men and officers I appealed in vain until, having thrown a guard across the road, a force of some 150 or 200 was gathered together.

About this time General Taylor, suffering from his wound, passed, borne upon a litter, and appealed to me to rally the men and for God's sake to prevent another Bull Run. I promised to do all I could. Shortly after Captain Dunham, assistant adjutant-general, came to my assistance. I requested him to take a horse and go to head off the retreating columns, move some distance down the railroad, and bring the force back to the front, and to do so by throwing a guard across the road, with instructions to bayonet the first man who attempted to

