
pers. He readily consented, and finally succeeded in bringing back a force gathered by great e exertion, but too late for action.

I desire to particularly notice the conduct of Captain Dunham assistant adjutant-general First New Jersey Brigade, whose exertions to rally the broken columns of his brigade were untiring.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

ROBT. P. KENNEDY,

Lieutenant and A. A. A. G., First Brigade.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 50. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Augustus H. Coleman, Eleventh Ohio Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH Regiment OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Munson's Hill, Va., August 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eleventh Ohio Volunteers in the engagement at Bull Run on the 27th instant:

The regiment arrived at the scene of action about 8 a.m., the Twelfth Ohio in the advance. Almost immediately upon halting the rebels began shelling our troops. My regiment was then moved to the left, our of range of the enemy's guns, by Major Jackson (he being in command at that time), and afterward crossed the river agreeably to your order and proceeded about 500 yards when the enemy was discovered in overwhelming numbers. The regiment was then moved along the hill to the rescue of the Twelfth Ohio, which was then nearly surrounded by a force vastly outnumbering them. My regiment then charged upon the enemy and drove them from their position at the bridge. The rebels returned almost immediately in superior numbers, when we retired across the river. It was at this juncture that I arrived and assumed command of my regiment. My regiment was then deployed to the left of the railroad and about 150 yards in rear of the bridge and across Bull run, the Twelfth on our right, when a sharp engagement ensued, the Twelfth suffering severely, but not an officer or man of either regiment wavered, so far as I was able to observe. The Twelfth Ohio fought like veterans. It was also at this point that my adjutant fell mortally wounded. Lieutenant McClure and 4 men of the Eleventh were captured while carrying him from the field.

We were at this time compelled to retire before a superior force, I bringing up the rear with my regiment, skirmishing for some distance as we moved along the railroad.

Both the officers and men of my regiment exhibited the greatest coolness, no one being in haste to leave, but retiring slowly and in a good order. When about 3 miles from Bull Run, about 200 cavalry attacked a small detachment of my rear guard, who were assisting the wounded, capturing 2 men and slightly wounding a third. Rebel cavalry appeared at various points on our march to Fairfax Station.

My loss in killed, wounded, and missing is 21.*

Permit me, colonel, to express the entire satisfaction of the officers

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 262.

---------------

