
passing between the regiment and Captain H. S. Clement, with 20 men, who was sent by Lieutenant-Colonel Hines to the right to observe and report the enemy's movement in that direction, but fortunately he effected his escape and joined us 2 miles below. We were finally compelled to fall back to the next ridge in the rear, where a stand was made, and with the assistance of the gallant Eleventh Ohio Regiment, which did all that was in the power of men under the circumstances, put a check to their advance, and enabled us to get off our wounded and retire in good order, they covering the retreat.

The officers of my command did their whole duty, and deserve great praise for gallantry and the skillful manner in which they handled their several commands.

Lieutenant Colonel J. D. Hines, and Major E. M. Carey are deserving of special commendation, and to their individual exertion in maintaining order and their prompt assistance in handling the regiment I am in a great measure indebted for being able to withdraw in an open meadow a worn-out and exhausted regiment in the face of a foe four to one.

William B. Nesbitt, lieutenant and adjutant, and James H. Palmer, sergeant-major, are also deserving a special notice for gallantry and devotion to duty. In passing with orders along the line while the command were lying and delivering its fire they were conspicuous and greatly exposed.

The non-commissioned officers and privates of my command are deserving the highest praise for coolness, bravery, and the soldier-like manner with which they obeyed every order and endured the trials and fatigues of the day.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. WHITE,

Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel E. P. SCAMMON,

Commanding First Provisional Brigade, Kanawha Division.

No. 11.

Report of Major General Samuel P. Heintzelman, U. S. Army, commanding Third Corps, Army of the Potomac, of operations August 14-September 2, including engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton, Bull Run, and Chantilly.
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON SOUTH OF THE POTOMAC,Arlington, Va., October 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the Third Army Corps immediately previous to and in the recent battles in the vicinity of Centreville:

On the 14th of August, at 9 o'clock p.m., I received orders to retreat with my corps from Harrison's Bar, on James River. The next morning General Birney's brigade, of General Kearny's division, marched for Jones' (Soan's) Bridge, on the Chickahominy, which we were to hold till the troops had well started from our old camp at Harrison's Bar. On the 16th I fell back to Barhamsville, the next day to Williamsburg, and the day after to Yorktown. This movement was covered by Colonel Averell's cavalry, thrown out toward Richmond and the White House. At Williamsburg we united with the main body of the army.

