
In the encounters with the enemy at Bristoe Station General Hooker's division suffered severely, and again on the 29th of August; also General Kearny's on the afternoon of the 1st of September near Chantilly.

On our arrival from the Peninsula at Alexandria we were hurried forward, without artillery or wagons, and many of the field officers without their horses. This, in connection with overcrowding on the transports, hard marching, and hard fare, caused a large amount of straggling, both at Alexandria and during the various battles, till at Fairfax Station, on the 2nd of September, I had but 5,000 men left in my two divisions to draw rations. I am, however, happy to add that returning stragglers and convalescents have since much increased this force.

General Hooker's division had above 10,000 men when it landed near Yorktown last April and after the battle of Fair Oaks was re-enforced by about 3,000 more. At Fairfax Station it drew rations for 2,400 men. General Kearny's division suffered as much.

Although we were driven back, and finally to the defenses of Washington, I do not feel that the gallant veterans of the Third Corps have lost any of their well-earned reputation from the battle on the Peninsula. My staff performed their appropriate duties with their usual assiduity. Not having been able to obtain all the brigade reports, the lists annexed are incomplete. In General Hooker's division I have no report of the losses of the Second Brigade nor is there any report of the losses of General Kearny's division at Chantilly. Imperfect as they are, they sum up an aggregate of 1,491.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

S. P. HEINTZELMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Virginia.

In First Division, Third Corps, 68 killed, 443 wounded, 129 missing; aggregate, 640.*

In First Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps, 41 killed, 327 wounded, 116 missing; aggregate, 484.*

NOTE.-No reports of the killed, wounded, and missing in Second Brigade, Second Division, Third Corps, in actions of the 29th and 30th of August, 1862, have been furnished to these headquarters. They were forwarded direct to Major-General Hooker. A consolidated list of this brigade and Second Division cannot therefore be completed.*

Numbers 53. Report of Brigadier General Philip Kearny, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. 1ST DIV., 3rd CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Centreville, Va., August 31, 1862.

COLONEL: I report the part taken by my division in the battles of the two previous days. On the 29th, on my arrival, I was assigned to the holding of the right wing, my left on Leesburg road. I posted Colonel Poe, with Berry's brigade, in first line, General Robinson, First

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 257, 258.

---------------

