
York Volunteers and Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers as equaling all that their comrades have done before. Their commanders, Lieutenant-Colonel Gesner, with the One hundred and first New York Volunteers, and Major Birney, with the Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, have imparted to them the stamp of their own high character. The Sixty-third Pennsylvania and Fortieth New York Volunteers, under the brave Colonel Egan, suffered the most. The gallant Hays is badly wounded.

The loss of officers has been great; that of Colonel Brown can hardly be replaced. Brave, skillful, a disciplinarian, full of energy, and a charming gentleman, his Twentieth Indiana must miss him. The country loses in him one whom promised to fill worthily high trust.

The Third Michigan, ever faithful to their name, under Colonel Champlin and Major Pierce, lose 140 out of 260 combatants.

Colonel Champlin is again disabled. The staunch Fourth Maine, under Walker, true men of a rare type, drove on through the stream of battle irresistibly. The One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers was not wanting. They are Pennsylvania's mountain men. Again have they been fearfully decimated. The desperate charge of these regiments sustains the past history of this division.

The lists of killed and wounded and reports of brigades and regiments will be shortly furnished.

Randolph's battery of light 12s was worked with boldness and address. Though narrowly watched by three long-reaching enfilading batteries of the enemy, it constantly silenced one of theirs in its front and shelled and ricochetted its shot into the re-enforcements moving from the enemy's heights down into the woods. On the 27th, with two sections and Robinson's First Brigade, Captain Randolph had powerfully contributed to General Hooker's success at Bristoe Station.

Captain Graham, First U. S. Artillery, put at General Sigel's disposition, as repeatedly drove the enemy back into the woods as the giving way of that infantry left the front unobstructed. His practice was beautifully correct and proved irresistible. On the 31st, Captain Graham, not being required on the right, was sent to the extreme left, and rendered important service with General Reno, firing until late in the night.

Lieutenant

-----

, a German officer of distinction, put at my disposal by General Sigel, with two long-range Parrotts, covered our right flank and drove off the enemy's battery and regiments. I name these gentlemen as ornaments to their branch of the service.

I must refer to General Hooker to render justice to the part taken by my First Brigade, under General Robinson, and Randolph's battery, in the affair of the 27th, at Bristoe Station.

Again am I called on to name the efficiency of my staff. Captain Mindil, often cited, brave and intelligent, was the only military aide present to assist me; but Dr. Pancoast, division surgeon-general, not only insured the promptness of his department, but with heroism and aptitude carried for me my orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

----

--------

,

Commanding First Division.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Chief of Staff to Major-General John Pope.

27 R R-VOL XII, PT II

