
Lieutenants Lee and Phillips, of my staff, deserve especial mention for their untiring efforts to carry my orders to all parts of the field. I have mentioned Lieutenant Lee in previous reports for gallantry.

Robinson's brigade had been placed on my left by General Kearny to support Graham's battery, but were, unfortunately, not called upon to engage the enemy, but assisted greatly with Berry's brigade during the night in holding the battle-field in front of the vastly superior force of the enemy. I was much indebted to General Robinson and Colonel Poe, commanding Berry's brigade, for their prompt, ready assistance, and the gallant bearing of their tired commands.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division.

Lieutenant Colonel CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Corps.

Numbers 55. Itinerary of the Sixth Maine Battery, Captain Freeman McGilvery, August 3-30.*

On the 3rd, was reviewed by General Pope and Banks. On the 6th, commenced march on Culpeper.

August 9, marched to Cedar Mountain, and engaged in the battle at 3 o'clock p.m. and fought till dark. Had 3 of my own men and 1 detail killed, 3 seriously and 6 slightly wounded, and 5 exhausted and taken prisoners.

August 12th, retired to Culpeper.

August 19th, retreated to Rappahannock Station. Participated in the action of Nolan's Ford and took an active part in the engagement at Sulphur Springs.

August 24, two men wounded. At night marched to Bealeton Station. August 25th, had a skirmish with the rebels.

August 28, was ordered to report by forced marched to General Heintzelman at Bristoe. From 3 a.m. of this day to 7.30 p.m. marched 34 miles. Reached Manassas just as the enemy were retreating toward Gainesville, Heintzelman's corps in pursuit. At 9 o'clock p.m. commenced march toward Centreville; went into camp at midnight.

August 29th, reported to General Hooker at Centreville, and marched to Bull run with that corps, and in the action of the day supported successively Hooker's and Kearny's divisions in their attack and repulse of the enemy on the right. During the fight General Kearny came to me and said, "You are getting the value of your ammunition. Yes, sir," he said, "you are giving them just what they need;" very soon after which the enemy gave way and ran in great disorder, and that ended the first day's battle. I had 2 men seriously wounded.

August 30 this battery was posted on the right near an oak forest, and just before night was attacked by a rebel brigade dashing out of the wood, whilst the battery was covered with smoke. The horses on the right piece were all killed or wounded. I had 2 of my own and 2 details killed, 2 seriously and 3 slightly wounded, and 5 taken prisoners. Retired with four pieces about 1,400 yards and took position and

---------------

*From "Record of Events" in monthly return.

---------------

