
held it till 8.30 p.m., and kept the rebels in check on the right till about all of our troops had crossed Bull Run stream. This battery was the last to leave the field by at least one hour, and was in order for battle next day at Centreville. I may add I lost two pieces, two caissons, and 32 horses in the two days' action at Bull Run.

F. MCGILVERY,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Numbers 56. Report of Captain George E. Randolph, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battle of Chantilly.

EARTHWORK NEAR FAIRFAX ROAD,

September 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that in the afternoon of September 1 I marched with the division from Alexandria in the direction of Fairfax Court-House. My first position, a temporary one, was on the left of the main road, some distance in rear of the main battle ground of Chantilly. Afterward, under direction of General Kearny, I took position on a knoll directly in rear of General Birney's line, and commenced a regular fire of solid shot into the woods occupied by the enemy. My position was such that I could not fire with much accuracy or effect for fear of injuring our own line of infantry, over which I was firing. What the effect of my firing was I am unable to say. My only loss 1 horse killed, and my expenditure of ammunition about 100 rounds, mostly of solid shot. By order of General Birney I withdrew my battery after dark, and after remaining in my first position several hours marched to Fairfax Court-House, where I joined the division on the morning of the 2nd.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Captain, Commanding Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery.

Major H. W. BREVOORT,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Third Corps.

Numbers 57. Report of Captain William M. Graham, Battery K, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP AT CENTREVILLE,

September 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that my battery occupied a position on our extreme left, supported by three regiments of General Reno's brigade, on the evening of the 30th ultimo. I here fought a large force of the enemy's artillery, infantry, and cavalry, and held the position until 9 o'clock at night, when I was ordered to withdraw and take up the line of march to this point by General Gibbon, commanding the rear guard of the army. As I was unavoidably separated from your immediate command on that day by an order from Major-

