
General Heintzelman I hope that my course may meet with your approval, and with great respect, I remain, general, your obedient servant,

WM. M. GRAHAM,

Captain First Artillery, Commanding Battery K, First U. S. Artillery.

General PHILIP KEARNY,

Commanding First Division, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 58. Reports of Brigadier General John C. Robinson, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton, Bull Run, and Chantilly.
HEADQUARTERS ROBINSON'S BRIGADE,Centreville, Va., August 31, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade yesterday and day before:

On Friday morning I was ordered to support Colonel Poe's brigade and to develop his line of battle to the right. After crossing Bull Run I moved forward in two lines-the first composed of the Twentieth Indiana and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, and the second of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania and five companies of the Thirtieth Ohio, which were temporarily attached to my command.

Arriving on the ground assigned me I remained for a considerable time exposed to a heavy artillery fire, after which I took up my position on high ground farther to the right. I was soon after directed by Major-General Kearny, commanding division, to move to the support of Poe's left, when I formed the Sixty-third and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania in line of battle on the Leesburg road, holding the Twentieth Indiana and Ohio battalion in reserve. At this time there was a heavy musketry fire to our left and front, and I was directed to move forward through the woods to turn the enemy and cut off his retreat through the railroad cut. On Arriving on the ground with the Sixty-third and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, Twentieth Indiana, and Third Michigan, I found the railroad already occupied by our own troops and the corn field in front filled with the enemy. I then deployed the Sixty-third and One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania along the railroad to the right of the troops in position, directing the Third Michigan to protect my right flank, placing the Twentieth Indiana in reserve, and throwing skirmishers to the front.

Soon after taking this position the regiments on my left gave way and passed rapidly to the rear out of the woods, leaving my left flank entirely exposed. As rapidly as possible I moved my command to the left to occupy the deserted ground, but before my troops could get fairly into position I was fiercely attacked by a superior force that had succeeded in crossing the road. I then threw forward my right wing, forming my line of battle at right angles to the original position, and checked the progress of the enemy. At this time General Birney brought up and turned over to me his Fourth Maine. He afterward sent me his First, Fortieth, and One hundred and first New York Regiments. These troops were deployed to the right and left of the rail-

