
road, and pushed forward to the support of my regiments in front, which were suffering severely from a terrific fire of musketry and the enemy's artillery, posted on a hill to our right and rear. Our men now gained steadily on the enemy, and were driving him before them until he brought up fresh masses of troops (supposed to be two brigades), when, with ammunition nearly expended, we withdrew to our second position.

Our loss in this action was severe, embracing some of our best officers. It was here that my Twentieth Indiana lost their brave colonel, William L. Brown, who fell while gallantly leading his regiment. The loss of this gallant officer and true patriot is irreparable. With him fell other brave officers and men, who will ever be remembered as among our country's heroes and martyrs. The enemy's loss must have been very great.

On Saturday morning I was ordered with my brigade to support the right of our line, and took my position in front of one of the fords of Bull Run, placing two regiments in line and one in reserve. The left wing of the Thirtieth Ohio Regiment, which afterward reported to me for duty, was placed on the left of my line. I remained in this position, exposed part of the time to the fire of artillery, until, it becoming evident that the enemy was turning the left flank of the army, I was directed by the major-general commanding division to take position on the hill by the brown house. I moved to this point in column and so remained, ready to take any position necessary, when on appearance of the enemy I deployed into line of battle, facing toward our original front. Soon after, by order of General Heintzelman, I moved in column of regiments to the hollow in front, ready to push forward to the support of Birney's brigade, which was now threatened by masses of the enemy, and my first position on the hill was occupied by troops of Ricketts' division. Soon a straggling musketry fire was heard from there, and I supposed the enemy was repulsed.

It was now dark, and I was surprised to learn soon after that our troops had left the hill in possession of the enemy. I used every precaution to conceal from him the knowledge of my position, and although within speaking distance, I remained there until about 10 o'clock, when I withdrew my brigade silently and in perfect order.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of officers and men during the whole of the two days' conflict. All seemed to be animated by the same spirit, and the evolutions in face of the enemy were performed with the same coolness and precision as on drill. I leave it for the regimental commanders to mention those of their commands most deserving of notice. I received much assistance from the lamented Colonel Brown, of the Twentieth Indiana, and from Colonel Hays, of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania, who led his regiment in his usual gallant manner on the 29th until wounded and taken from the field. Captain Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, gallantly led his regiment and was also wounded. My thanks are due to Colonel Champlin, Third Michigan; Colonel Egan, Fortieth New York; Colonel Gesner and Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, One hundred and first New York, and Colonel Walker, Fourth Maine, for valuable services.

The officers of my staff, Captain Kidder, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Robinson, aide-de-camp; and Colonel Chester and Lieutenant Sweet, acting aides, were zealous and active, performing their duties gallantly under severe musketry and artillery fire.

The regiments engaged suffered the loss of 3 officers killed, 25 officers

