
Zouaves, Sickles' brigade, having lost his regiment, fell in with Captain Fulton's company (H), and fought bravely until severely wounded, the ball passing through his wrist and body. He was taken to a hospital, but it is feared was fatally wounded.

The regiment bivouacked for the night near the field of battle.

Respectfully submitted.

JAS. F. RYAN,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. C. ROBINSON.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLS.,Centreville, Va., September 1, 1862.

GENERAL: Although not engaged in actual conflict on the 30th instant, the movements of the Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers require to be reported, as on that eventful day the Sixty-third acted an important part, and would have rendered effective service with its small force left from the combat of the day previous.

Moving from the bivouac of the night of the 29th about 7 a.m., we took a position to the right of the battle ground of the day previous, and upon the same ground occupied by Colonel Poe at the time we supported him. This position was maintained until about 4.30 o'clock p.m., when, with the division, we fell back three-fourths of a mile and formed in line of battle in support of artillery. This was done at the time when the left of the Federal line of battle had been broken and everywhere troops fled in confusion. Never have troops displayed more coolness and steadiness than did the Sixty-third on that eventful evening. Expecting the shock of battle every moment, calmly and determinedly the column stood for half an hour. Later the regiment moved with the brigade toward the left into valleys, where the greater part of the night was passed, resting in line of battle until orders were received to move across Bull Run and with the army move to Centreville. Arrived at Centreville about 1 a.m., and bivouacked in the town.

I would here mention the names of two members of Company D, Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, who, at the time the division took its position on the left, after leaving the right, asked permission to fight in our regiment, having become separated from their own. They attached themselves to Company B, of the Sixty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and by their conduct showed themselves brave and good soldiers. The names of these two gallant fellows were First Sergt. D. C. Sears and Corpl. Henry Sanders. Their conduct is most certainly worthy of imitation.

Very respectfully submitted.

JAS. F. RYAN,

Captain, Commanding Sixty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Brigadier General J. C. ROBINSON, First Brigadier, First Div., Third Corps.

Numbers 60. Report of Major Moses B. Lakeman, Third Maine Infantry, Second Brigade, of the battle of Groveton.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MAINE VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Fort Lyon, Va., September 4, 1862.

SIR: As commander of the Third Regiment Maine Volunteers on

