
Friday, August 29, I have the honor to report the proceedings of the regiment on that day. On arriving on the field, by order of General Birney I supported Graham's battery. The regiment remained in that position until noon, when by order of General Kearny I moved down the road to the right and supported Randolph's battery with six companies, the other four being farther to the right and on the advance at the Brick Church as scouts and supports for the pickets. This duty was performed without loss. Major Burt returning to the regiment on the morning of the 30th I was relieved from the command.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

MOSES B. LAKEMAN,

Major, Third Maine Volunteers.

W. BANKS,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Birney's Brigade.

Numbers 61. Report of Colonel Elijah Walker, Fourth Maine Infantry, of the battle of Groveton.

FOURTH MAINE REGIMENT,

Alexandria, Va., September 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following movements of my regiment after leaving camp at Harrison's Landing, Va.:

Left said camp Friday, August 15, at 4 a.m., and after a march of five days arrived at Yorktown Tuesday evening, August 19, and on Wednesday morning embarked with three other regiments of this brigade and the Eighty-seventh New York Regiment on the steamship Merrimac, whose accommodations as a transport vessel were wretched in the extreme, the men having little light or ventilation in their crowded quarters below decks. Consequently, on disembarking at Alexandria, Friday (22nd), they were in a reduced and exhausted state. Bivouacked on ground outside of the city Friday night, and proceeded Saturday morning in the cars on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, riding as far as Warrenton Junction, and then marching some 5 miles beyond, where we took post in front as the advance guard of the brigade, and subsequently continuing to occupy that position in front, as day by day the line was moved forward, till Tuesday, August 26, when our picket companies in front of the regiment had their posts along the banks of the Rappahannock River.

Wednesday morning (27th) I received order at 9 a.m. to report at once to the brigade at Catlett's with my regiment, which I did, arriving after a toilsome march, during which many of my men were obliged to fall in the rear from the fatigue of this and previous marches, at the place designated; but finding that the brigade had moved farther on in the direction of Manassas I pushed on several miles farther, till late in the evening, when I halted and rested my men till 3 a.m., and proceeded on the march, coming up with the brigade at Bristoe Station, whence, after crossing Kettle Run, we moved upon Manassas Junction, the brigade marching in line of battle by battalions in column, my regiment being on the right and advancing on the railroad track. Arrived at Manassas about noon and remained till 3 p.m., when we moved with the corps toward Centreville, arriving there in the evening and resting

