
till sunrise Friday morning (29th), when we moved with the advance upon the position of the enemy near Bull Run. Arrived near the battle ground about 9.30 a.m., and soon after were moved forward in line of battle, in company with the Fortieth and One hundred and First New York Volunteers, to meet the enemy. After advancing for a considerable distance through woods and fields, just as we came upon the brow of a hill we found ourselves directly facing one of the enemy's batteries, protected in front by a ravine containing a body of rebel infantry.

The battery immediately opened upon us with grape and shell, and by order of the general we retired by the left flank into the woods, where we engaged the enemy, and held our position for about an hour, till the force in front of us had retreated, when we moved again to the rear and remained till 3.30 p.m., when I was ordered to report with my regiment at once to General Robinson, who was engaging the enemy in front. We were ordered forward at double-quick, which somewhat disorganized my men (fatigued as they were), and took the position assigned us by General Robinson in front of the railroad cutting, where we awaited the approach of the enemy, who advanced upon us with a brigade, under cover of a battery on a hill to our right, which poured so hot an enfilading fire down my line that I caused my men to fall back a short distance. The enemy in a few minutes engaged us, and by his vastly superior numbers succeeded in flanking our left by the time we had fired a few rounds, and so compelled us to fall back; but meeting the Fortieth and One hundred and first New York coming up to our support we rallied with them (on their left) and returned to the fight, steadily advancing and driving the enemy before us, till re-enforced by another brigade, he again turned our left, and finding, on moving to the right, that the other regiments had retired and I was in imminent danger of being flanked at this point also, I gave the order to fall back, which my regiment did without confusion, returning to the rear about dark.

The loss of my regiment in the two engagements amounted to 7 killed, 32 wounded, and 15 missing, which last number has since been reduced to 5.

We remained in the rear during the next day (Saturday) till near 5 p.m., when, the enemy having brought artillery to bear on our position on the right, we retired toward the center and rear, and after dark moved still farther to the left and took position in line nearer the front, immediately in the vicinity of a considerable rebel force. I threw a line of vedettes out some 300 yards in front and remained about a hour an a half, till ordered to move directly to the rear, crossing Bull Run, and moving along the main road to Centreville, which we reached soon after midnight, and remained till 3.30 p.m. Monday, September 1.

Four of the vedettes of my regiment posted in the evening remained at their posts till midnight, and captured a party of rebel horsemen crossing their line, consisting of 1 assistant adjutant-general, 1 lieutenant of cavalry, 1 private, 2 blacks, and 6 horses with saddles and bridles, which they report to me as left in your charge. The names of the captors are O. F. Brown, Company C; G. W. Dunbar, Company B; Ephraim Cross, Company A, and George K. Hall, Company F.

Respectfully submitted.

E. WALKER,

Colonel Fourth Maine Volunteers.

S. P. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

