
sent one of my staff officers to know why there was no reply, and he returned with the reply that they had left their position and that the enemy were advancing. I immediately sent to the front and rear to ascertain where that regiment was, but my messengers both returned with the information that the enemy were filing in between me and the reserve of the brigade. Finding myself alone, with only 85 men, I moved by the right flank, crossing the railroad about 150 yards in front of a large force, who would have closed the only place of escape in less than one minute.

A short distance from the point where I crossed the railroad I received the order of General Robinson to form my regiment with a force there to resist or repel an attack. At this point were shelled vigorously and within a good range, but without effect. The regiment remained at this point until after 9 o'clock, being under fire over eight hours. I have been in eighteen battles, and I never saw such stubborn resistance to superior numbers as was shown by this regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. BURT,

Major, Commanding First New York Volunteers.

Brigadier General D. B. BIRNEY,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 63. Report of Colonel J. H. Hobart Ward, Thirty-eighth New York Infantry, of operations August 15-31.

I have the honor to report that this regiment left Harrison's Landing on the 15th August en route for Yorktown, arriving on the 19th. On the 20th embarked on board transport and arrived at Alexandria on the 22nd, and under orders from General Heintzelman marched to the cars and moved immediately, arriving at Warrenton Junction on the morning of the 23rd. During the day moved to camp about 3 miles from the Junction, on the line of the railroad. On the 24th moved about 1 mile farther in advance. On the 27th, with the other regiments of the brigade, left camp, and arrived at Gainesville the same evening. Left Gainesville on the 28th, and arrived at Bristoe Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, about 9 o'clock a.m.

The brigade being formed in proper disposition to advance on Manassas, by order of General Birney I was placed in reserve in column in rear of the first column of advance. On arriving at Manassas and finding the enemy had evacuated the brigade halted. About half an hour after the halt I received orders from General Birney to advance my regiment to Bull Run on the road taken by the enemy in their retreat from Manassas, and to throw out scouts across the road. This duty was performed in accordance with instructions. While the scouts were performing this duty I personally examined the country in front of my position for the distance of a mile.

In the mean time General Birney had advanced with a company of cavalry in the direction of Centreville. General Kearny, arriving on the ground, directed me to cross the run, and to take an advanced posi-

