
tion on an eminence to protect a fork of the roads on which General Birney had advanced with the cavalry. After taking position a section of Randolph's battery arrived, and the regiment took position for its support. Suddenly a portion of the enemy's cavalry appeared in sight under a full charge, and approaching within a sufficient distance to discover the reception awaiting them, suddenly wheeled their horses and retreated amid the dust. I regret to state that Lieutenant Pratt, in charge of skirmishers in front, was severely wounded in the groin during the affair.

The command about an hour afterward advanced to Centreville and encamped for the night. Left Centreville at 5 a.m. of the 29th and advanced to Bull Run. Crossed the run about 8 a.m. and was placed in position by General Birney to support the attack on the enemy. After advancing some distance, by direction of General Birney I remained a short distance in rear as a reserve, the remaining portion of the brigade advancing. About 12 m. received orders from Lieutenant Phillips, aide-de-camp, to advance to a position occupied by General Birney. On arriving at the point designated, and while in the open field, found that the command of General Birney had moved to the left an aide having been dispatched to inform me of the fact having missed me. I found the regiment surrounded on three sides by a large force, who poured in their fire from the roads in front and a corn field on my right and rear. I immediately moved by the left flank to the road and from thence to the wood on my left, the enemy not following. I in the mean time learning General Birney's locality joined him. In this skirmish I lost 3 officers and 7 men wounded.

Being again placed in reserve I was ordered during the afternoon to take an advanced position on an eminence in front and to hold it. While occupying this position a section of Randolph's battery was ordered to take position on my right and open fire on the enemy in the woods in front. The enemy immediately replied with a most terrific fire for a half hour, covering the whole ground where my regiment was stationed. The regiment remained in this position until relieved by a regiment of Ricketts' division the next morning, when I joined the brigade on a hill in the rear. During the afternoon the regiment was deployed as skirmishers, connecting Birney's with Poe's brigade.

About 5 p.m. I was directed to take position on the road to protect the flank of the brigade, which was about to retire. This order was carried out, and I again joined the brigade. During this difficult and dangerous movement not a man left the ranks, no crowding, no confusion, notwithstanding the example offered by officers and men of other brigades and batteries of running and shouting and endeavoring apparently to create a panic. The regiment with the brigade moved about three-quarters of a mile to the hospital in rear, and there halting took position to repulse any attack on the army retiring. Maneuvering in various portions of the field in the presence and within hearing of the enemy until the whole army had retired occupied the time until a late hour of the night, when we left the field, and arrived at Centreville about 2 a.m. on the morning of the 31st of August.

Respectfully submitted.

J. H. HOBART WARD,

Colonel Thirty-eighth New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant S. P. LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

