
I wish, general, to speak in the highest terms of both officers and men of the One hundred and first Regiment New York State Volunteers; the men were cool and courageous, and obeyed every command I gave them with a silence and order that surprised me. To Major Sniper much praise is due for his coolness and courage. He was of the utmost service in keeping the men in their places and urging them forward. Adjutant Dodge also was of great service to me, and in fact every officer of the regiment, without one exception, behaved nobly and courageously. We took into the battle 153 enlisted men, and out of these 74 were killed or wounded. The following is a list of the wounded officers: Capts. W. H. Warner and E. B. Wicks.

During the 30th of August we lay with the rest of the brigade in an open place in the woods somewhat to the rear of the scene of the day before. Late in the afternoon we moved rapidly some distance to the rear and halted. The brigade forming line of battle shortly afterward, we were ordered forward into a piece of woods, going at a double-quick, the men being inspired by the example of both the generals commanding the division and brigade. During the day we were shelled by the enemy at times, but with small loss, 2 men being wounded. After being withdrawn from the woods we took up our march for Centreville arriving there late in the night.

N. A. GESNER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding One hundred and first New York Vols.

Numbers 65. Itinerary of the Third (Berry's) Brigade, August 15-30.*

August 15, broke camp at Harrison's Landing at 5 o'clock a.m.; men in light marching order, with two days' cooked rations in haversacks and six days' rations in wagons; marched to hill overlooking the Chickahominy at Jones' Ford. Held right of Long Bridge road and covered road to the valley of the Chickahominy.

August 16, Second and Third Michigan Volunteers marched onto island in the Chickahominy; First and Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers remaining on south side of the river in the valley, and the Fifth Michigan Volunteers detached to support a battery up the river about 1 1/2 miles, by order of General Heintzelman.

August 17, marched at 4.15 a.m. as the rear guard of the division. The Second Michigan Volunteers detached to hold New Kent Court-House road until Hooker's division arrived. The First New York Volunteers detached to hold the hill near the brick mill (about 3 miles from last camp) until General Hooker's division arrived. Brigade concentrated on the march after two regiments were relieved, except the Fifth Michigan Volunteers, crossed the Diascund River, and bivouacked near the Brick Church, a distance of 22 miles.

August 18, marched at 6 a.m. and encamped near and west of Williamsburg about 2 p.m., a distance of 12 miles. The Fifth Michigan rejoined the brigade at 8 p.m., by order of General Heintzelman.

August 19, marched from Williamsburg at 8 o'clock a.m. and bivouacked at Yorktown, east of fortifications. Colonel Poe in command of the brigade.

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on return for month of August, 1862.

---------------

