
August 20, marched to wharf at Yorktown at 12 noon. The Second Michigan Volunteers, colonel commanding brigade, and staff embarked on board the steamer Express; the Third Michigan Volunteers and three companies of the Fifth Michigan Volunteers embarked on the steamer Swan, and the balance of the brigade embarked on the steamer Baltic.

August 21, steamer Express arrived at Alexandria, Va. The Second Michigan Volunteers disembarked and marched up Little River turnpike about 2 miles and bivouacked.

August 22, steamer Swan arrived at Alexandria, Va., about 12 noon. The troops disembarked and marched to the camp of the Second Michigan Volunteers.

August 23, brigade ordered to proceed up the railroad to Warrenton Junction, a distance of 39 miles. The Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers and Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers arrived at Alexandria. The brigade embarked on railroad and proceeded to Warrenton Junction, except two companies of the Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers and seven companies of the Fifth Michigan Volunteers.

August 24, balance of Fifth Michigan Volunteers and Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers proceeded by railroad to Warrenton Junction and joined the balance of the brigade. At 8 a.m. marched up the railroad 4 miles beyond Warrenton Junction and 2 miles from Bealeton Station, and bivouacked near the Warrenton pike.

August 25, at 4 p.m., sent Third Michigan on dirt road to Ellston, 4 1/2 miles, to guard against the enemy's cavalry, reported in force that vicinity. At midnight the balance of the Fifth Michigan and Thirty-seventh New York Volunteers arrived from Alexandria.

August 26, the Second Michigan relieved the Third Michigan Volunteers.

August 27, marched at 4 a.m. for Catlett's Station, and halted until Birney's brigade retired. At 11 o'clock a.m. continued the march, taking the Greenwich road, and bivouacked at sunset near Greenwich.

August 28, continued march at 4 a.m. to Bristoe Station; thence to Manassas Junction, arriving at 12 noon. The Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers sent on a reconnaissance as far as the railroad bridge crossing at Bull Run, with orders from General Kearny to remain until relieved. At 2 p.m. proceeded toward Centreville, via Blackburn's Ford, Third Michigan in advance, as skirmishers. Brigade in line of battle moved through woods and open fields beyond to earthworks, and entered the town as the enemy's cavalry fled, declining to give battle.

August 29, at 4 a.m., marched down the Warrenton road 6 miles, crossed Bull run half a mile below stone bridge, formed line of battle near the brown house, advanced through the field to the right, and encountered a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. About 3 p.m. the Third Michigan Volunteers, temporarily assigned to General Robinson's brigade, went into action. Loss heavy. Lay upon arms all night.

August 30, cannonading commenced at sunrise on the left and soon became general. At 10 a.m. the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers rejoined brigade, the Fifth Michigan deploying as skirmishers along the railroad; the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers in line of battle in rear. About 5 p.m., it becoming evident that the left and center were giving way, General Kearny ordered the brigade to be withdrawn and formed on crest of hill 1,000 yards in rear, the Second Michigan retiring as skirmishers on the front. Immediately on form-

28 R R-VOL XII, PT II

