
Michigan, who was severely wounded at Fair Oaks, but who joined his regiment and led it into the fight on the 29th, although his wounds were far from being healed-indeed, so far that his wounds broke out afresh on the field owing to over-exertion, and he is now completely prostrated.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLANDO M. POE,

Colonel Second Michigan Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain MINDIL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WILTON, VA.,

September 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting for the information of the brigadier-general commanding division that on Monday afternoon, September 1, the Third Brigade of this division, of which I was then in command, moved from its camp at Centreville, taking the road to Fairfax Court-House. Some 3 or 4 miles out on this road I received orders from General Kearny to form the brigade in line of battle on the road and move forward in the direction of the firing then going on between Reno's division and the enemy until our left connected with General Robinson's right. We did so, and halted for a few minutes, when Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, aide-de-camp, brought me an order to move forward by a road which he would point out and support Reno's left flank. We did so, until arriving a short distance in the rear of where Randolph's battery had been at work, where we halted, and in the absence of other officers, who could not at the moment be found (General Kearny was not then known to have been killed), I reported to General Reno, who directed me to remain where I was until further orders, at the same time telling me to detach one regiment in support of a battery upon our left. The Fifth Michigan was sent to perform this duty. It was now dark, when an order came from General Birney, who had assumed command of the division in the prolonged absence of General Kearny, to move t the front and relieve the First Brigade, which had expended its ammunition in the fight. We did so at once, relieving the Thirty-eighth New York with the Second Michigan, the Fortieth New York with the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania, and with the Third Michigan and Thirty-seventh New York in support. These arrangements had scarcely been made when I was ordered to leave one regiment on picket in the advance position and form the other three in column of regiments at a point indicated. While executing this movement some firing took place between the pickets, and whatever loss (see list appended)* we suffered occurred at this time. The firing soon stopped. At 2.30 a.m. I was directed to withdraw in the direction of Fairfax Court-House, following the Second Brigade. We moved in the indicated direction, leaving the Second Michigan on picket until the brigade was fairly in motion, when it was withdrawn, acting as the rear guard until we struck the main road, where we met and passed General Hooker's division, reaching Fairfax Court-House at an early hour in the morning.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLANDO M. POE,

Colonel Second Michigan Volunteers, late Commanding Brigade.

Major H. W. BREVOORT, Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 258.

---------------

