
Numbers 67. Report of Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the condition of his division August 31.
HDQRS. HOOKER'S (SECOND) DIV., THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp near Centreville, Va., August 31, 1862.

It is my duty to report for the information of the major-general commanding the corps that my division is in no condition to meet the enemy. This was communicated to me yesterday by my brigade commanders, and on inquiry I find their morale to be such as to warrant me in entertaining the most serious apprehension of their conduct in their present state. I ascribe this great demoralization in the men to the severe losses they have sustained in battle, both here and on the Peninsula. They are in no condition to go into battle at this time.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel CHAUNCEY McKEEVER,

Chief of Staff, Third Corps.

Numbers 68. Report of Captain George E. Randolph, Battery E, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of engagement at Kettle Run.

CAMP NEAR CENTREVILLE, VA.,

August 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor respectfully to report that, in accordance with orders from General Kearny, I reported my battery to General Hooker, near Catlett's Station, on the 27th instant, and proceeded under his direction along the road to the left of the railroad toward Bristoe Station. The enemy, having been previously discovered on the right of the railroad, was found upon our advance to have his batteries on prominent hills to the front and right of our advance. I occupied a position about 1,000 yards from a battery in our front, and opened fire with solid shot from my six Napoleon guns. After a very few discharges the enemy withdrew his battery, and proceeding to the range of hills across Broad Run reopened his fire. Meanwhile I threw a few shots into his cavalry as it retired supporting the battery.

After changing position to a more commanding hill, a little to the front and right, I engaged two batteries placed on the hills opposite. His fire was severe from two different points, but a well-directed fire of shell and solid shot compelled him to retire hastily.

My loss was 2 men killed. Expenditure of ammunition about 150 rounds, mostly of solid shot.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. RANDOLPH,

Captain, Commanding Battery E, First Rhode Island Artillery.

Captain DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Major-General Hooker's Division.

