
Numbers 69. Report of Captain Joseph C. Clark, Battery E, Fourth U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Kettle Run.

BROAD RUN, NEAR MANASSAS JUNCTION, VA.,

August 28, 1862.

I have the honor to report the part taken by my battery in the skirmishers of yesterday.

The battery took position on the high ground on the right bank of Broad Run, its fire directed on the rear and flank of the enemy's battery on the opposite side of the run. The enemy's guns were soon silenced by the fire of the three batteries opposed to them, they leaving in their hurry a number of dead and wounded on the field.

I have no casualties to report in my battery.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. CLARK,

Captain, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Battery E.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 70. Report of Brigadier General Cuvier Grover, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battle of Groveton and Bull Run.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 25th day of August the First Brigade of Hooker's division left its camp in the vicinity of Alexandria, Va., and by rail proceeded to Warrenton Junction, to the left and front of which on the following day it took position. Early on the following day it moved to Bristoe Station, preceded by the Second and Third Brigades, which soon became hotly engaged with the enemy on the line of the railroad. Under the orders of Major-General Hooker I formed line of battle, throwing out skirmishers to the front and on the right and advanced, but the enemy, having once broken before the preceding brigades, fell back without making a stand until reaching a high bluff north of Cedar Run, where in strong position, supported by artillery, he awaited an advance. At this time, about sundown, I received an order to move to the left of the road and take position on the high ground, and to hold with three regiments of my command a position on our front and flank where a road from Richmond intersected the main road, while the remaining two guarded the approaches to our position on the right. Here we rested on our arms for the night. My command had not been under musketry fire during the day, and had been but little annoyed by the enemy's shells, 1 man of the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers only having been wounded.

On the following day we recontinued our march for the plains of Manassas by the way of Centreville, and arrived upon the battle-field about 9 a.m. The battle had already commenced, and as my column moved to the front the shells fell with remarkable precision along the line of the road, but fortunately did no damage. My brigade was temporarily placed under the orders of Major-General Sigel, whose troops

