
The gallant Lieutenant Tileston, of the Eleventh Massachusetts; Captains Littlefield, of the Second New Hampshire, and Stone, of the Eleventh; Lieutenant Roberts, of the First Massachusetts; Lieutenants Rogers and Moore, of the Second New Hampshire; Lieutenant Porter, of the Eleventh, and Lieutenant Banks, of the Sixteenth were either killed upon the field or died from the effects of wounds soon after the battle.

Among those that in the short duration of the engagement I especially noticed were Captains McDonald, of the Eleventh; O'Hara, of the Sixteenth, wounded; Lieutenant Merriam and Lieutenant Banks, killed. I had not the opportunity to observe but few cases of signal daring; but with few exceptions, all officers and men there engaged can look back with just pride to their conduct on that day.

After the battle we bivouacked on the field about a mile to the rear. At about 6 p.m. on the 30th, under orders from the major-general commanding the division, my command retired from the field and marched to Centreville, where it encamped at about 11 p.m. Since the latter date it has been engaged in no operations worthy of note.

In closing I must acknowledge my great indebtedness to my staff officers, Captain Hibbert, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Perkins, assistant quartermaster; Captain Cowie, commissary of subsistence; Lieutenants Hubbard and Brown, aides-de-camp, for meritorious and efficient services in their especial lines of duty during the period embraced in this report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. GROVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain JOS. DICKINSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 71. Report of Colonel William Blaisdell, Eleventh Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLS.,Camp near Alexandria, Va., September 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the evening of August 25, 1862, this regiment left camp, near Alexandria, by the Alexandria and Orange Railroad, and arrived at Warrenton Junction at 2 a.m. August 26. At 3 p.m. same day marched to a field 2 miles from the Junction and encamped. August 27, at 9 a.m., marched back to Catlett's Station; met and routed the enemy after a short engagement, with the loss of 1 man, John O. Churchill, of Company E, severely wounded by a shell while supporting a battery. August 28, marched in pursuit of the enemy, and overtook them on the morning of the 29th on the old battle-field of Bull Run. After supporting several batteries the regiment was ordered to move forward and engage the enemy.

At about 3 p.m., advancing about 1 mile to the edge of a heavy wood, there deploying and moving forward in line of battle until within range of the enemy's pickets, the line was halted, bayonets fixed. Again moving forward, driving the enemy's pickets before it, the regiment came upon and engaged a heavy line of the enemy's infantry,

