
Marched from there at 10 o'clock on the morning of the 27th; had a skirmish with the enemy at Bristoe Station, or Kettle Run, and encamped at the same place for the night. Started about 12 m. of the 28th for Manassas Junction; passed through Manassas Junction and encamped near Centreville. Left camp the 29th near daybreak for Manassas, and participated in the battle in the afternoon of the same day on the old battle ground of Bull Run. Took part in the engagement of the 30th, and left for Centreville about dusk same day. The casualties in the regiment in the battle of the 29th and 30th (principally on the 29th) were as follows:

Killed-commissioned officers, 1; enlisted men, 3. Wounded-commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 60. Missing-commissioned officers, 2; enlisted men, 40. Aggregate, 110.

We arrived at Centreville about 1 o'clock on the morning of the 31st and remained in camp until about 5 p.m., when our camp was moved about half a mile toward Manassas. Remained in camp last mentioned until 5 p.m. of September 1, then started for Alexandria. We were ordered for picket duty the same night on the battle-field of Chantilly, where Kearny's and Reno's divisions had been engaged with the enemy an hour previous. Left on the morning of the 2nd about 3 o'clock, and marched about 4 miles beyond Fairfax Station, and encamped for the night. Left camp the morning of the 3rd at daybreak, and reached Fort Lyon about 3 o'clock p.m. the same day.

GARDNER BANKS,

Major of the Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Commanding

Numbers 73. Report of Captain Joab N. Patterson, Second New Hampshire Infantry, of operations August 25-September 3.
HDQRS. SECOND N. H. VOLS., FIRST Brigadier, GROVER'S DIV.,September 14, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with instructions I have to report the following as the proceedings of this regiment from the date of its arrival at Alexandria, Va., from the vicinity of Harrison's Landing, Va.:

This regiment left Alexandria, Va., by railroad on Monday, August 25, 1862, and arrived at Warrenton Junction during the night; from thence went into camp about 1 mile from the point of debarkation. Subsequently we were engaged in marches and battling with the enemy until our arrival in the vicinity of Fort Lyon, Va., September 3, 1862.

I have here to say that I possess no date from which to compile an adequate summary of the proceedings of the regiment from the date of its march from Alexandria, but know that Colonel Marston, now absent with leave at Washington, is possessed of the required information, and desires to make the report thereon.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. N. PATTERSON,

Captain, Commanding Second New Hampshire Volunteers.

Lieutenant C. H. LAWRENCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

