
Numbers 74. Report of Major Robert L. Bodine, Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, of operations August 25-September 3.
HDQRS. 26TH Regiment PA. VOLS., 1ST Brigadier, GROVER'S DIV.,September 11, 1862.

In compliance with orders from division headquarters I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding the brigade-

That the regiment now in my command landed at Alexandria on the 23rd day of August, 1862, and encamped near Fort Lyon.

August 25, left Alexandria by rail for Warrenton Junction.

August 27, skirmishing at Bristoe Station.

August 29 and 30, engaged in the battles of [Groveton and] Bull Run.

August 31, encamped at Centreville.

September 1, marched from Centreville.

September 2, arrived at camp near Fort Lyon.

September 3, arrived at our present encampment near Alexandria.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ROBERT L. BODINE,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain LAWRENCE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 75. Report of Brigadier General Nelson Taylor, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp near Fort Lyon, Va., September 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following of the movements and services rendered by the brigade from the 26th ultimo to the 3rd instant inclusive:

At about 10 p.m. of the 26th ultimo I received an order from Major-General Hooker to send one regiment along the railroad from Warrenton Junction toward Manassas Junction (the brigade being then encamped near Warrenton Junction), to ascertain what occurred, rejoin the telegraph lines, and protect the railroad there till further orders. This order was complied with on my part by sending the Third Excelsior Regiment, commanded by Captain H. J. Bliss, on this important expedition. For the manner in which the instructions to Captain Bliss were executed I most respectfully refer to his report, hereunto appended, and marked A.*

Early on the following morning the brigade was ordered to take its place in column and proceed toward Manassas Junction. On arriving near Broad Run some of the enemy's outposts were discovered, when lines were deployed, skirmishers thrown forward, and all the precautions taken usual to be prepared for an attack or defense; the First Brigade being on the right of the railroad deployed, the Third and

---------------

*See Numbers 78.

---------------

