
The next morning (September 3) the march was again resumed and continued until the division arrived at this place, where it encamped.

In closing this report I shall avail myself of the opportunity to express my admiration of the gallant conduct on the field of the officers and men who so nobly followed the fortunes of the brigade during the time which this report covers, particularly to the lamented Captain Donalds, of the Fourth Excelsior Regiment, who fell early in the action at Bristoe Station; to Lieutenant-Colonel Potter, of the Second Excelsior Regiment, who was wounded in the same battle; to Captain H. J. Bliss, of the Third Excelsior Regiment, both for the manner in which he executed the service on which he was ordered on the night of the 26th and his gallant conduct on the field. Captain Charles L. Young and Lieutenant W. J. Kay, of the First Excelsior Regiment; Major Price and Adjutant Bullard, of the Fifth; Capts. Owen Murphy and Donaldson, of the Second Excelsior Regiment, and Captain Burns, of the Fourth, are entitled to honorable mention for the fearless and intrepid manner in which they performed their duties, and also Lieutenants Tremain and Dwight (aides) up to the time I was so unfortunate as to lose their services by their being taken prisoners.

I would most respectfully call the attention of the commanding general to the inclosed detailed reports of the commandants of regiments, and particularly to that part of them in which honorable mention is made of officers, non-commissioned officers, and men.

Hereunto annexed please find detailed report of the casualties* which have occurred in the brigade during the eight days which this report covers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON TAYLOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

To the ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Hooker's Division, Third Army Corps.

Numbers 76. Report of Captain Charles L. Young, Seventieth New York Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. FIRST Regiment, EXCELSIOR Brigadier (SECOND), HOOKER'S DIV. (SECOND), THIRD ARMY CORPS,Camp near Fort Lyon, Va., September 4, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the recent battles at Bristoe Station, on the 27th, and Bull Run, on Friday and Saturday, August 29 and 30:

The regiment received marching orders at Warrenton Junction on the morning of the 27th, and before breakfast was on its way toward Bristoe, being fourth in line of march. The first indication of the presence of the enemy was made known by an exchange of shots between our skirmishers and the rebel pickets. Over a road, through a dense wood, running parallel with the Manassas Railway, the Third Brigade was hurried forward and placed in line of battle facing the enemy's

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 258.

---------------

