
been driven in and orders arrived from General Hooker for us to retire. We passed the night on the top of a hill in the rear of a reserve battery.

This regiment and the others of the brigade were employed on Saturday, the 30th ultimo, in supporting batteries under the most deadly artillery fire we had ever been placed, but with little loss of life and limb, owing to the skillful manner in which we were placed and handled by the brigade commander. Toward night the enemy turned the entire left of General Pope's line, when our brigade, with the batteries we had been supporting, were ordered back to Centreville, where we went into camp about midnight, resting the 31st until eve, when we were marched in the direction of Fairfax.

Meanwhile Generals Kearny and Stevens had been attacked near Chantilly. Colonel Taylor was ordered to their support; remained under arms in line of battle all night in a drenching rain, but was not engaged. Just before dawn we resumed march, reaching Fairfax Court-House for breakfast, when Major Hold reported for duty and assumed command of the regiment.

I cannot close without alluding to the courage and constancy of the officers of the regiment-my source of strength during the period of command. So few were present I must mention all. At Bristoe Station Lieutenants Hoxie (among the wounded), Kay, Bates, McLaughlin, Foot, and Culkins vied with each other in deeds of bravery and coolness.

Sergeant-Major Botsford, First Sergeant McFarland, Chamberlain, Hare, and Masston earned a strap which they do not wear.

At Bull Run (both days) Lieutenants Kay and McLaughlin were again at their posts, earnestly supported by Adjutant Hartz and Lieutenant Dredger, the last named having previously been excused from duty on account of ill-health. Sergeants McFarland, Chamberlain, Hare, and Masston again stood prominent.

Annexed please find a list of casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

C. L. YOUNG,

Captain, Commanding First Regiment, Excelsior Brigade.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 77. Report of Captain Owen Murphy, Seventy-first New York Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. 2nd Regiment, EXCELSIOR Brigadier, 2nd (HOOKER'S) DIV.,Fort Lyon, Alexandria, Va., September 8, 1862.

SIR: The following report of the Second Regiment, Excelsior Brigade, in the action of the 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th August is respectfully submitted:

The regiment, about 250 strong, under command of Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Potter, left camp near Warrenton Junction on Wednesday, the 27th, and proceeded on its march in company with the other regiments of

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 258.

---------------

