
the brigade, which was commanded by Colonel Taylor, toward Catlett's Station. The day was hot and sultry, nevertheless the officers and men bore it well and patiently. In the afternoon we left the road and went through the woods until we came on an open field in front of a belt of woods to the left of the railroad near Bristoe Station, where we discovered the enemy. They opened fire on us, to which our men smartly and ably replied.

The conduct of the officers and men on this occasion was truly excellent. The number of officers present on this occasion was very small. They stood up to their fight like men, and after a sharp contest completely routed the enemy, whom we pursued for a considerable distance.

Our loss was very severe in killed and wounded. Among the killed were Lieutenants Lowentrout, of Company D, and Murphy, of Company E. Among the wounded were Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Potter, whose conduct on the occasion was most excellent and praiseworthy; also Adjutant Powell, Lieutenants Franklin, Webb, and Captain Greene, who faithfully discharged their duties on the battle-field.

We slept on our arms that night about 3 miles in advance of the scene of action, having previously thrown out a strong picket guard, until morning. We left with the brigade about noon on Thursday, the 28th, and went toward Manassas without interruption, seeing nothing on the way but traces of destruction and desolation by the enemy. We encamped for the night near Bull Run, and proceeded on our march next morning (Friday, 29th) about 3 o'clock in the direction of Centreville, where we halted to rest for some time, and proceeded in the heat of the day toward the scene of battle, where we arrived about noon. Here we remained for a short time awaiting orders, when we were called to the front in company with the brigade to relieve others who had been there engaged with the enemy. It gives me great pleasure to be able to state that the regiment behaved exceedingly well. The conduct of the officers and men on this occasion as on the former one was creditable alike to themselves and their superior officers. The coolness, firmness, and courage displayed at this trying time in worthy of all admiration. Not an officer (seven only being present) or private flinched from his post when flanked by the enemy until ordered to fall back by Acting Brigadier-General Taylor, whose presence, coolness, and good judgment inspired the officers and men with the highest confidence in his ability as a commanding officer. We fell back, after considerable loss in killed, wounded, and missing, to our former position. Our loss on this occasion, although severe, was not as heavy as on the 27th. We slept on our arms for the night, and remained there till the next afternoon (Saturday, 30th), when we were ordered up to support a battery in front, where we were much exposed to the artillery fire of the enemy. At night we fell back in good order to the bridge destroyed by the enemy within half a mile of the battle-field and marched in the direction of Centreville, where we remained for the night, and camped there for some days afterward.

In conclusion I have to state, generally, that at no time previous has the regiment acted in a more praiseworthy manner than on those days above referred to. Happily for the credit of all those concerned we were relieved of the presence of those cowardly officers who were a disgrace to us on former occasions. I have reference to such men as Captains Bradlee and Glover, and Lieutenant Hall and others, who were absent without authority on plea of sickness or some other pretext; also Colonel George B. Hall, whose character and conduct on a former occasion at Malvern Hill has been undergoing investigation.

29 R R-VOL XII, PT II

