
paign, from giving that attention to the subject which ought to be and must be given to it, to preserve efficiency and discipline among any troops. Our cavalry at Centreville was completely broken down, no horses whatever having reached us to remount it. Generals Buford and Bayard, commanding the whole of the cavalry force of the army, reported to me that there were not 5 horses to the company that could be forced into a trot. It was impossible, therefore, to cover our front with cavalry or to make cavalry reconnaissances, as is usual and necessary in front of an army. I directed General Sumner, on the morning of the 1st of September, to push forward a reconnaissance of two brigades toward the Little River turnpike, to ascertain if the enemy were making any movements in the direction of Germantown or Fairfax Court-House. The enemy was found moving again slowly toward our right, heavy columns of his force being in march toward Fairfax along Little River turnpike.

The main body of our forces was so much broken down and so completely exhausted that they were in no condition, even on the 1st of September, for any active operations against the enemy, but I determined to attack at daylight on the 2nd of September in front of Chantilly. The movement of the enemy had become so developed by the afternoon of the 1st, and was so evidently directed to Fairfax Court-House, with a view of turning my right, that I made the necessary disposition of my troops to fight a battle between the Little River pike and the road from Centreville to Fairfax Court-House. I sent General Hooker early in the afternoon to Fairfax Court-House, and directed him to assemble all the troops that were in the vicinity and to push forward to Germantown with his advance.

I directed McDowell to move back along the road to Fairfax Court-House as far as Difficult Creek, and to connect by his right with Hooker. Reno was to push forward to the north of the road from Centreville to Fairfax in the direction of Chantilly. Heintzelman's corps was directed to take post on the road between Centreville and Fairfax, immediately in the rear of ReNumbers Franklin took post on McDowell's left and rear. Sumner was posted on the left of Heintzelman, whilst the corps of Sigel and Porter were directed to unite with the right of Sumner. Banks was instructed, with the wagon trains of the army, to pursue the Old Braddock road and come into the Alexandria turnpike in rear of Fairfax Court-House. Just before sunset on the 1st the enemy attacked us on our right, but was met by Hooker, McDowell, Reno, and Kearny's divisions, of Heintzelman's corps. A very severe action occurred in the midst of a terrific thunder-storm, and was terminated shortly after dark. The enemy was driven back entirely from our front, but during that engagement we lost two of the best and one of the most distinguished of our general officers - Major-General Kearny and Brigadier-General Stevens - who were both killed while gallantly leading their commands and in front of their line of battle. It is unnecessary for me to say one word of commendation of two officers who were so well and widely known to the country. Words cannot express my sense of the zeal, the gallantry, and the sympathy of that most earnest and accomplished soldier Major-General Kearny. In him the country has suffered a loss which it will be difficult, if not impossible, to repair. He died as he would wish to die, and as became his heroic character.

On the morning of the 2nd of September, the enemy still continuing his movement toward our right, my whole force was posted behind Difficult Creek, from Flint Hill to the Alexandria turnpike. Although

