
The officers present on the 29th were Captain Donaldson, who took a most prominent and praiseworthy part in the management of the command; Lieutenants Leigh, McBlair, Potter, Galvin, Fox, and O'Connell, the acting adjutant-all having acted so remarkably well that I cannot with propriety make any discrimination, but of whose courage and bravery too much cannot be said.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your most obedient servant,

OWEN MURPHY,

Captain, Commanding Second Regiment Excelsior Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Colonel NELSON TAYLOR,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 78. Reports of Captain Harman J. Bliss, Seventy-second New York Infantry, of operations near Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD REGIMENT,Camp in the Field, near Manassas Junction, August 28, 1862.

In pursuance to orders received from brigade headquarters at 10 o'clock p.m. August 26, 1862, directing me to "proceed at once with my command to Manassas, to ascertain what occurred, rejoin the telegraph wires, and protect the railroad there till further orders," I immediately moved to Warrenton Junction, where I was disappointed in finding no transportation ready. Colonel R. C. H. Smith, aide-de-camp to General Pope, ordered me to proceed by the wagon road, but subsequently transportation was obtained. I moved my command from Warrenton Junction at 2 a.m. the 27th of August to Catlett's Station, per order of Colonel Smith. I called upon Colonel Pierce to approve an order for a small detachment of cavalry from Kettle Run. Colonel Pierce informed me that some of his command were at the run. I subsequently felt the want of a few cavalrymen very much.

I moved with all the dispatch possible to within half a mile of Bristoe. I moved the last mile with a company thrown forward as skirmishers and flankers. I found an intercepted train burning and the telegraph destroyed. Discovering the enemy still in possession of the station, I ordered the regiment into line, advanced skirmishers, and went to the front myself to observe the position they had chosen, their strength, &amp;c. My own observation, confirmed by skirmishers, soon satisfied me that they were in force. It was just before daylight, but the reflection from the burning cars enabled me from my position to see all their movements. I distinctly heard the commands as they rapidly formed their lines. I saw one column file to the left, and had no doubt their purpose was to flank us and cut off my train at Kettle Run Bridge. I saw a body of cavalry move on the right of the road for the same purpose. I called Adjutant Hinman to my position to confirm my opinion and to profit by his judgment. I realized my responsibility and the want of experience. My pride urged me to accept the honor of leading the gallant Third into battle, but my judgment rebelled against this desire-to use the accident of my temporary command to lead the regiment on the field-and I reluctantly gave the order to embark again. I moved back to Kettle Run, where I estab-

