
on the brigade line. Our position was hardly taken when the line of troops in our front, belonging to regiments never before under fire, gave way under a dashing attempt of the enemy to turn the left of our line. Gradually the left gave way, struggling hand-to-hand for life and their colors, until the line was broken up to the left of my command, rendered almost powerless by the influence and presence of the disorganized troops breaking through my line and preventing my firing until the enemy were actually in our ranks in overpowering numbers. We fell back 300 yards to the edge of the timber, and again formed line and advanced skirmishers forward to the line we had just left. The enemy had also fallen back, and seemed unwilling to improve his temporary advantage. By order I again withdrew my skirmishers, and subsequently took position for the night with the brigade.

In my command 7 were missing and 11 wounded. Among the wounded is Lieutenant Clark.

I have further to report that on the 30th my command was engaged, under your orders, in supporting different batteries and in taking different positions, preparatory to engaging the enemy. We were at no time actually engaged, but were almost constantly under fire from shot and shell. None in my command were injured.

The same officers are deserving of mention as in my report of August 27, except Lieutenant Howard, who was absent.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. J. BLISS,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel NELSON TAYLOR,

Commanding Second Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 79. Report of Captain M. William Burns, Seventy-third New York Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battle of Groveton.
HDQRS. FOURTH REGIMENT, EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Camp near Alexandria, Va., September 5, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the command of this regiment devolved upon me about 5 o'clock on the afternoon of August 27, 1862, by Captain A. A. Donalds (previously in command, Colonel Brewster having been left in Alexandria) being carried from the field mortally wounded.

The regiment left Warrenton Junction on the morning of the 27th and reached Bristoe Station about 4 o'clock in the afternoon, going immediately into action on its arrival at that point. There were but 99 men and 8 officers of the regiment went into action, and our loss was as follows: Killed-commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 9; total, 12. Wounded-commissioned officers, 3; enlisted men, 38; total, 41-being more than one-half of the entire force of the regiment.

On the 29th ultimo the regiment went into action at bull Run and lost 3 wounded, and on the night of September 1, near Centreville, one man who had straggled was wounded in Kearny's division; the total loss of the regiment in the time mentioned above being 12 killed, 44 wounded, and 3 missing.

Captain Donalds died on the 29th, after the amputation of his leg. By this death the regiment and the service lose one of their most brave

