
and gallant officers-one who was always at his post and ready for any and all duties required of him. Lieutenants Lewis (acting adjutant) and McAllister were both young officers, and both fell while at their posts. Captain John P. Short, of Company I, was severely wounded while gallantly leading his men under a most terrific fire. Lieutenants Thompson, of Company H, and Kiernan, of Company F, with Sergeants Ramsey, of Company D, and McDermott, of Company A, deserve special mention for their conduct during the several engagements. I have recommended both sergeants for promotion.

Every officer and man present did their duty nobly, and the terrible loss sustained shows the terrific fire to which they were exposed, and the steadiness with which they stood under it. Assist. Surg. Frank Ridgway was very efficient in the discharge of his duties, which were extremely arduous, he being without assistance. Colonel Brewster, who was cut off from the regiment by the rebel advance upon Manassas on the night of the 26th ultimo, arrived at Fairfax and assumed command of the regiment on the morning of September 2.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.

M. WM. BURNS,

Captain Company A, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel NELSON TAYLOR,

Commanding Excelsior Brigade.

Numbers 80. Report of Colonel Joseph B. Carr, Second New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations August 15-30, including engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION,Camp near Fort Lyon, Va., September 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the late battles and marches:

Early on the morning of the 15th day of August I received orders to be prepared to march at daybreak, with rations provided, &c. At 8 o'clock a. m. I left camp at Harrison's Landing and marched to within 3 miles of the Chickahominy, where I bivouacked for the night, and on the following morning, at 11 o'clock, proceeded 2 miles in the direction of the Chickahominy, where I remained until morning.

On the 19th, at 10.45, I broke camp and marched to within 2 miles of Yorktown, and on the 20th, at 10 o'clock a. m. marched to Yorktown, and went into camp outside the intrenchments. At 8 p. m. received orders to be prepared to embark on transports during the night, and to have two days' rations cooked immediately; at 7.30 o'clock on the morning of the 21st my command to embark on the steamship Baltic and steamer Vanderbilt, and at 2.30 p. m. all were aboard. We sailed that afternoon at 6 o'clock.

On the afternoon of the 22nd the Baltic ran aground, and a lighter coming up, I sent off the Fifth and Seventh New Jersey Volunteers,

