
under command of Colonel S. H. Starr, with instructions to report at Aquia Creek.

On the 23rd, the Baltic unable to get off, the remainder of my command with me was transferred to the steamship Cahawba. At Aquia Creek I was ordered by General Hooker to proceed to Alexandria, where we arrived at 6 o'clock. All camp equipage and baggage was discharged by 8.30 p. m., and the men remained aboard during the night.

On the 24th we disembarked at 7 a. m. and marched to the suburbs of the city and encamped. At 2.30 p. m. the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers reported, having an hour previous disembarked from the steamer Vanderbilt. At 3 p. m. the location of the camp was changed 2 miles farther from the city, near the railroad.

On the 26th my brigade was transported by rail to Warrenton Junction (40 miles), where we arrived at 6 o'clock and bivouacked. At 3 a. m. on the morning of the 27th I received orders to be prepared to march at 6 o'clock, and one hour later received orders to march at 7 a. m., which order was promptly carried into effect. My field and staff officers were all dismounted, in consequence of having left their horses at Alexandria, to be transported on the following day. I took up the line of march toward Manassas Junction, on line with the railroad, and after proceeding about 4 miles we came in sight of the enemy. My brigade being on the advance, I threw out skirmishers from the Second New York Volunteers and formed two lines of battle. They advanced about 1 mile, the enemy retreating. At 2.30 o'clock p. m., when within one-half mile of Bristoe Station, my skirmishers engaged those of the enemy. I formed line of battle with the Second New York Volunteers and the Fifth and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers and advanced through a dense wood, when the enemy made a stand. The Second New York Volunteers and the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers on the left. The Second New York Volunteers and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers advanced through the woods and charged the enemy, driving him about 200 yards into a thick woods, where they again made a stand and gave battle. I sent in the One hundred and fifteenth pennsylvania Volunteers after an hour's fighting to relieve the Second New York Volunteers, and they held their ground until the retreat of the enemy. After making the charge with the Second New York and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, Colonel Taylor, with the Second Brigade, came in and took position on my left, placing two regiments on my right parallel to my line, to engage the enemy on the railroad. After the retreat of the enemy we formed line of battle on the right of the railroad, to support General Grover, who was then in pursuit of him. He we remained until ordered by General Hooker to cross the creek, where we bivouacked for the night.

On Thursday afternoon, August 28, at 2 o'clock, we were ordered to march in the direction of Manassas, but did not halt for the night until we arrived at Bull Run Creek. At 2 o'clock Friday morning, August 29, I received orders to march at 3 a. m. and support General Kearny, who was in pursuit of the enemy. A march of 10 miles brought us to the Bull Run battle-field. About 11 a. m. was ordered into position to support a battery in front of the woods, where the enemy was engaged with General Sigel's troops. Remaining about one hour in that position, was ordered to send into the woods and relieve two regi-

