
ments of General Sigel's corps. I sent in the Sixth and Seventh New Jersey Volunteers. Afterward received orders to take the balance of the brigade into the woods, which I did at about 2 p. m. Here I at once engaged the enemy and fought him for a space of two hours, holding my position until our ammunition was all expended. About 4 o'clock we were relieved by General Reno and Colonel Taylor, but did not reach the skirt of the woods before a retreat was made and the woods occupied by the enemy. When I arrived out of the woods I was ordered to march about half a mile to the rear and bivouac for the night. During Saturday, August 30, we remained in that position until 2 p. m., when I was ordered by General Hooker to march my brigade out on the road in pursuit of the enemy. After marching out on the road was ordered to halt and await further orders. I retained this position until 4 p. m., and was then ordered to the front to support a battery, my brigade to constitute the second line. Here I remained under a heavy cross-fire of the enemy until ordered by General Hooker to march to and support a battery on the left of the field. When I reached this place I found no battery to support, but was ordered to support one in the rear and on the left, which I did. We remained there until ordered to march to the rear, in the direction of Centreville. This was about 7 p. m. We marched in perfect order, fording a stream waist-deep, and arrived at Centreville at 1 o'clock a. m., where we remainder until the next day, Sunday, August 31, when we changed camp to the rear. On Monday, September 1, at 3 o'clock, received orders to march in the direction of Fairfax. At 4 p. m. took up the line of march on the center road. When about 2 miles from Centreville heard firing on our right, and was ordered by General Grover to halt and form line of battle on the left of the road. I was soon after ordered to move up my line to the support of General Kearny's left. After remaining in this position about two hours was ordered to the front, where I remained until 2 o'clock a. m. Was then ordered to take up the line of march for Fairfax, where I arrived about sunrise. Here I pitched camp and remained until 11 o'clock a. m., and then started for Alexandria, halting for the night at about 12 miles from Fairfax. Resuming the march at 6 o'clock on the following morning I reached Fort Lyon, and went into camp at 2 o'clock on the afternoon of Wednesday, September 3.

In conclusion, while bearing testimony to the brilliance of the battle of Bristoe Station, I am proud to record the gallant conduct of the Second New York Volunteers, Fifth and Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, and One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers (the Sixth and Seventh New Jesey Volunteers, having been detached for the time, did not become engaged). Where all did well it is no less a delicate than a difficult matter to make individual distinctions; still I cannot pass by so favorable and appropriate an opportunity to mention the following officers, who particularly distinguished themselves on this occasion: Captains Park, Tibbits, Perkins (killed), Mafgire (wounded), Quackenbush (wounded), and Hagen, and Lieutenants Savage, Temple (wounded), Fisher, Dickie (wounded), Egolf (wounded), and McNulty, of the Second New York Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, and Major Lancaster (wounded), and Lieutenant-Colonel Thompson, One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers; Lieutenant Le Grad Benedict, acting assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant George Gould, aide-de-camp.

During the desperate battle of Bull Run, and whilst under an incessant and galling fire, the following-named officers won for themselves honor and distinction by gallant and meritorious conduct:

