
position on the right of the first line of the brigade, my left resting on the railroad. Advancing in this manner, I was soon entangled in a dense wood, which retarded my progress, it being almost impassable. I was obliged to halt several times and form the regiment. Skirmishers in advance reporting the enemy in my immediate vicinity, the Second New York and One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania, on my left, soon became engaged. Finding it impossible to push my way through the woods in anything like order, I threw one company to the left of the railroad and one across the track. Three companies immediately opened a flank fire on the enemy, who were using the high embankment of the railroad as a breastwork. After a few volleys the enemy gave way, when I ordered a charge up the railroad. The regiment advanced on the double-quick, the enemy running before us. At this point I took one prisoner, who was not able to keep up with his comrades. Halting in an open field, on the brow of a hill, the enemy in sight on my left and front, the regiment rested until the rest of the brigade came up. The infantry did not again become engaged.

Later in the day I was ordered to picket a road 2 miles to the left. While performing this duty the regiment captured 23 prisoners.

The following is a list of the casualties:*

In this engagement the officers and men of the regiment, without any exceptions, behaved with great gallantry. All seemed to be actuated with the same spirit, and that was to fight.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. J. SEWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fifth New Jersey Vols., Commanding Regiment

LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Alexandria, Va., September 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command at the battle of Bull Run [Groveton], August 20:

I received orders to deploy my right wing as skirmishers in front of the brigade in an open wood. As soon as the line advanced to where the line of another division had previously been firing commenced on both sides, continuing up to the time that the brigade was relieved. I was soon obliged to relieve my right with my left wing, the former having emptied their cartridge boxes, containing 60 rounds. The men thus relieved I posted in the rear of the line of battle to prevent stragglers from leaving the fight. The brigade having been relieved by General Reno's brigade while I was forming the regiment, this last brigade fell back in disorder. I endeavored to stop them, but finding that the enemy were almost up to my line, deployed in the rear, and now being formed, having divided their cartridges equally, I saw that it was time for me take care of my own command. A part of the Eighth New Jersey, with their colors, formed on my left. The enemy, having turned the left flank of the line of battle, came out in the open field on my left, and immediately after I received their fire from the front, which I returned, driving them from our immediate vicinity, and then marched to join the brigade.

---------------

*Nominal list shows 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 1 missing.

---------------

