
where we remained in line of battle with several other regiments until ordered by the ranking officer to fall back to Centreville, where I joined the brigade the following morning.

We remained here until Monday afternoon, September 1, when orders were received to march with the brigade. Near sunset we halted and formed a line of battle, and remained in this position until daylight, when we again took up our line of march to Fairfax Court-House.

I am under obligations to Captain Baker, acting major, who rendered efficient service after Colonel G. Mott and Major S. R. Gilkyson were wounded. I must also mention Adjt. C. F. Moore, who throughout the different engagements displayed unusual courage, rendering efficient service. Capts. T. C. Moore, J. H. Crawford, and John William, and Lieuts. J. Howeth, Thomas Lee, B. D. Coley, C. Merriam, J. W. Cogswell, J. H. Tallon, West, Field, and Joseph C. Lee are deserving of great praise for gallantry displayed in these battles, as in former ones.

With few exceptions the non-commissioned officers and privates conducted themselves with that valor which has given our brigade and division the name which we are proud of.

It gives me pleasure to speak of the indefatigable exertions of Surg. J. Wiley and his able assistant, B. Hendry, and also Chaplain S. T. Moore, for their care and attention to the wounded.

Herewith I inclose a list of the killed, wounded, and missing during the three days' engagements.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. C. BURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixth New Jersey Volunteers.

Lieutenant LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 83. Report of Colonel Joseph W. Revere, Seventh New Jersey Infantry, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, near Centreville, Va., August 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that this regiment, being ordered into the woods with the Sixth New Jersey Volunteers, proceeded to occupy them, relieving a New York regiment of General Steinwehr's division on the 29th instant at 11 a. m. on the extreme right of the position of our part of the army. Advancing about 50 yards we encountered the enemy's pickets, and a spirited engagement ensued with varying success, and having been relieved by the timely advance of the Sixth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers we drove the enemy from his position, but having been strongly re-enforced he regained it at about 1 p. m.

The battle then recommenced, and we held our ground, as ordered to do, until 2.30 p. m., when, our ammunition beginning to fail, we were regularly relieved by the troops in reserve. Our soldiers went into the action greatly fatigued from the hot pursuit of the enemy in the forenoon and the previous day, but fought with great courage and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 258.

---------------

