
determination, and held their ground until relieved against three reliefs of the enemy in front successively.

All did well, but I particularly desire to mention a piece of notable gallantry on the part of Corpl. Frederick Koch. Sergeant Onslow, our color-bearer, having been struck down, the colors fell, and Corporal Koch seized the colors, and elevating them aloft stuck the staff into his belt roll, still firing his musket on the advancing enemy. I have remended him for promotion to a second lieutenancy for his bravery and example to the rest.

I am deeply pained to report that Captain Joseph Abbott, Company E, died nobly at his post while bravely discharging his duty in the coolest manner. He is a great loss to his country and the service.

In the affair of the 30th instant our regiment was engaged with the rest of the brigade in supporting several batteries, and although under the heavy fire of the enemy's batteries for several hours, during which we made several marches by the flank through their fire, I am happy to say there were no casualties to report. We retreated to Centreville the same night, reaching there at about midnight.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. REVERE,

Colonel Seventh Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Lieutenant LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 84. Report of Captain George Hoffman, Eighth New Jersey Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles of Groveton and Bull Run.

THIRD BRIGADE, HOOKER'S DIVISION,

Camp Eighth N. J. Vols., near Alexandria, Va., Sept. 10, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with orders from headquarters, issued "in accordance with circular," dated some few days since, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this regiment acted in the recent engagements of Bristoe Station and Bull Run:

After a march of six days across the Peninsula from Harrison's Landing, Va., to Yorktown, the regiment embarked on board the ocean steamer C. Vanderbilt, and after a passage of sixty hours disembarked at Alexandria. In consequence of the length of the march and the dry state of the ground, causing a continual dust, combined with great scarcity of water and the crowded condition of the ship, the men were very much exhausted, and not in a suitable condition for immediate active service. After a rest of thirty-six hours the regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel William Ward, was placed on the cars and proceeded to Warrenton Junction, where it bivouacked on the night of the 26th August. At daylight on the morning of the 27th orders were received to march with two days' rations. The line of march was taken up at sunrise. After a halt of an hour at the Junction proper the march was resumed.

At a distance of 6 or 7 miles from the Junction, and at about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, the Second New York Regiment, composing a part of the brigade, was employed at some distance to the front as skirmishers. After an advance of about a mile brigade line of battle

