
was formed, this regiment occupying the extreme left position. Arriving near Bristoe Station, the frequent fire of the skirmishers announced an enemy near. After emerging from a dense undergrowth of small pines the enemy was discovered on the opposite side of an open field, from whence he opened a sharp fire of grape and canister from a battery stationed near the railroad. Being exposed to this fire and without cover, under orders from Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, commanding, the regiment advanced in double-quick time to a small ravine, situated near the center of the field, which afforded some protection, and from where our fire could be more effective. We immediately opened fire, which was kept up with great vigor until some 20 rounds of ammunition were expended. Our fire was directed toward the forces of the enemy which supported the battery near the railroad. It did good execution, forcing the enemy to retire from his position in the field and seek shelter in the woods beyond. At this point the enemy were driven from their position, on the right of the railroad, by the vigorous fire and rapid charge of other regiments of the brigade. Observing that they were retiring on the right, Lieutenant-Colonel Ward gave the order to charge the battery on the left. The line was immediately formed, and the regiment advanced double-quick, in good order, and rapidly. So rapid was the movement, that the enemy, although securing the safety of their guns, were compelled to abandon their ammunition and reamers, which were destroyed by men belonging to the regiment. Some 10 or 12 prisoners were captured.

The engagement having been brought to an end by the precipitate flight of the enemy from the field, we took position on the ground previously occupied by the enemy on the right of the railroad, which was occupied by the regiment until near dark, when we were relieved, and proceeded to join the brigade, which had advanced in pursuit of the fleeing enemy. The farther pursuit of the enemy having been abandoned for the night, the regiment, with the brigade, bivouacked for the night on the banks of a creek some 2 miles from the field of battle, in the enemy's direction. The loss of the regiment in this engagement was 2 killed and 23 wounded. Both officers and men deserve the highest commendation for their conduct, having behaved with the coolness and gallantry for which the regiment is distinguished.

August 28 the regiment took up the line of march in the forenoon, passing through Manassas Junction and along the railroad to near Centreville, where it bivouacked for the night. The march was resumed very early in the morning, the 29th, halting at Centreville for a time, and arriving at Bull Run battle ground at meridian, when we were immediately ordered to the front, and stacked arms in a ravine, near a dense wood, for a short rest. After a rest of an hour we advanced in line of battle into the wood under a heavy and rapid fire from the enemy, whose exact position we were unable at the moment to discover. After a short time a large force of the enemy, consisting of a brigade, was observed passing around our left flank, when the regiment was ordered by Acting Major Tuite to retire, Colonel Ward having in the mean time been severely wounded. The enemy, in passing to the left, poured into the regiment a most galling and destructive fire, throwing it for a moment into confusion; it was, however, rallied by its few remaining officers (Acting Major Tuite being killed by a shot in the head) on the edge of the wood. Line of battle was immediately formed, our right resting on the left of the Fifth. We at once became engaged,

