
and for twenty minutes poured into the ranks of the enemy so destructive a fire as to cause him to stagger. He, however, rallied, but was again met by the same sharp fire, and the artillery, fortunately opening at this time, swept him from the flank, and the attempt to outflank us on the left was not again repeated. Our ammunition being entirely expended, we retired by the right flank for a supply, the ammunition train being to the right and rear some 200 yards. After receiving a supply of ammunition, under orders we retired to the rear of the artillery and bivouacked for the night.

The command, during the latter part of the day, devolved upon Captain Hoffman, and he being uncured from a fall, still later the command devolved upon Captain Johnson.

The loss in this day's engagement was severely felt, Acting Major Tuite being killed and Lieutenant Colonel William Ward being severely wounded; there were also 33 non-commissioned officers and privates killed and wounded-8 killed, 25 wounded. Saturday morning, August 30, Captain D. Blauvelt, jr., who had been on detached duty by order of Lieutenant-Colonel Ward, joined the regiment, and, being the senior officer present, took the command in this day's engagement, which on our part consisted merely in supporting a battery. Our loss was 1 wounded by a shell, making a total loss of killed and wounded in the different engagements of 59 [61].

The regiment retired with the brigade on the night of the 30th to Centreville, where it bivouacked; changed cam on Sunday afternoon, and proceeded on the line of march on Tuesday, reaching Fairfax Station, when it was detailed by General Grover to guard an ammunition train from that point to Alexandria over the Annandale turnpike. The train was delivered safely into the proper hands. On Tuesday Captain Langston, arriving in camp, assumed the command. Captain Langstein was relieved by Major Ramsey, of the Fifth New Jersey Volunteers, who is now in command.

I have the satisfaction of informing the colonel commanding brigade that each officer and man in the regiment has in his proper sphere done his duty nobly, faithfully, and in such a manner as to merit the special commendation of General Hooker, which is to me a source of great pride.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE HOFFMAN,

Senior Captain, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers.

Colonel JOSEPH B. CARR,

Commanding Third Brigade, Hooker's Division.

Numbers 85. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert Thompson, One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Infantry, of engagement at Kettle Run and battles o f Groveton and Bull Run.
HDQRS. ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTEENTH PA. VOLS.,Camp near Alexandria, September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the commandant of the brigade, the part taken in the actions of the 27th, 29th, and 30th ultimo by the One hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

