
In the action of Bristoe Station I formed line of battle in the rear of the scene of action by order of the colonel commanding, acting as a support to regiments then engaged. After remaining about fifteen minutes in my first position was ordered to the front. I passed by the left flank along the road leading through the woods to the open ground in front. On emerging from the woods was met by a destructive cross fire from infantry and artillery, sustaining a serious loss in officers and men. Not having received orders as to the position to be taken, I was at a loss to know where to post my command. Finding that there was an interval to the right of the Fifth New Jersey I formed my left flank to the fight flank of that regiment, closing the interval between their flank and the woods. The right wing of my command I threw into the woods to clear it from parties of the enemy then occupying it. After firing four rounds I charged the enemy, echo were posted in force behind the bed of the railroad, supported by two pieces of artillery on a height immediately in their rear. When the charge was made the enemy fled, pursued by my regiment and the Fifth New Jersey. After crossing the railroad I rallied my command and formed line of battle in rear of the Fifth New Jersey, awaiting further orders.

In the actin of 29th ultimo at Bull Run moved into the woods with brigade, taking position assigned by commandant of the brigade, my right flank connecting with the left of the Seventh new Jersey, my had taken my first position, which was about 20 yards in rear of the road in front of the woods, by permission of the commandant I moved my command forward to the road to support the Seventh New Jersey and gain a position in which I could deliver a more effective fire upon the enemy. During the engagement my command charged across the road up to the ravine behind which the enemy were concealed. Owing to the strength of the position and weight of fire from an immense body of the enemy we were obliged to fall back to our original position, which I am proud to record we maintained during the engagement until relieved. During this charge I sustained a heavy loss, the amount of which it is impossible to ascertain. Many of those returned as missing met their death in this charge. After being relieved I moved to my original position, where I encamped for the night. On the following day, 30th ultimo, my command moved with the column under the immediate supervision of the colonel commanding brigade, retired from the field at dusk, and encamped at Centreville.

While referring with just pride to the gallantry of the whole command I would particularly request your favorable notice of the following-named officers and men for coolness and exalted courage: Major R. William J. Ashe, Company C; Lieutenant Reilly, commanding Company E; Adjt. W. C. Ward; Captain Dunne, Company B; Lieutenant Dillon, Company B. Sergeant-Major Connelly was particularly conspicuous for coolness and dashing conduct. The color-bearer, Sergt. Hugh Barr, behaved with the greatest gallantry, bearing his colors without falter into the thickest of the fight; Sergeant Wager, of Company E, and Corporal Elder, Company E.

Number of officers and men engaged at Bristoe Station, 204; at Bull Run, 195.

The above is respectfully submitted.

ROBERT THOMPSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, One hundred and fifteenth Pa. Vols., Commanding

Lieu. LE GRAND BENEDICT,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Patterson's Brigadier, Hooker's Div.

