
Numbers 86. Itinerary of the Fifth Army Corps, Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding, August 14-September 2.*

Left Harrison's Landing August 14, crossed the pontoon bridge across the Chickahominy, and arrived at Barrett's Ferry at 7.30 a. m. the 15th instant.

August 16, left Barrett's Ferry and marched to Williamsburg.

August 17, left Williamsburg for Newport News, via Yorktown and Hampton, arriving on monday, the 18th instant.

August 21, embarked at Newport News and sailed for Aquia Creek, arriving at 4 p. m.

August 22, disembarked and proceeded by rail to Falmouth, and marched to Deep Creek.

August 26, left Deep Creek and marched within 5 miles of Bealeton Station.

August 27, broke camp and marched to Warrenton Junction via Bealeton Station.

August 28, left Warrenton Junction and marched to Bristoe Station. August 29, left Bristoe Station and marched to Manassas Junction, receiving orders from General Pope to march in the direction of Gainesville. On the afternoon of the same day had a slight skirmish with the enemy.

August 30, joined General Pope on the battle-field of Bull Run, near Groveton. The corps was engaged all that day in the battle of Bull Run, and in the evening fell back on Centreville with the rest of the army.

August 31 and September 1, remained at Centreville in bivouac till midnight September 2, when the corps marched to Fairfax Court-House and Flint Hill, at which latter place it arrived at 10 a. m., September 2, and left at 3 p. m. for Chain Bridge.

Numbers 87. Report of Captain Augustus P. Martin, Battery C, Massachusetts Light Artillery, First Division of operations August 15-September 20.

CHAMP NEAR SHARPSBURG, MD., October 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the marches, engagements, &amp;c., of the battery under my command since the 15th day of August, 1862:

On the morning of August 15, 1862, my command marched with the division from harrison's Landing, Va., via Chickahominy, over pontoon bridge, Williamsburg, Yorktown, and Newport News, to Hampton, where we arrived on the morning of August 18, 1862. I embarked the battery on board the steamer City of Norwich, the horses, transportation, &c., on board schooners. Sailed for Aquia Creek, Va., on the morning of the 19th of August, Where we arrived and disembarked the battery on the 21st. Received horses, &c., on the 22nd. Marched via Falmouth to Barnett's Ford, where my command joined the division on the 24th of August. Marched on the morning of the 26th via Kelly's Ford, Catlett's Station, and Manassas Junction to near Gainesville,

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on return for month of August, 1862.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XII, PT II

