
where we arrived on the morning of the 29th of August. The battery was held in reserve during the day. Some firing by pickets and artillery, but no general engagement.

On the morning of the 30th I was ordered by Major-General Morell to remain with General Griffin's brigade as rear guard. marched about 5 o'clock a. m. with General Griffin's brigade to Centreville, where we arrived about noon. Went into camp, and remained until about 5 o'clock in the afternoon, when I received orders to proceed with General Griffin's brigade Manassas, where an engagement was then going on, but did not arrive in season to be of any service, and was ordered by General Grifin to turn about and return to camp near Centreville.

The next morning was placed in battery by order of General Morell, where we remained until the morning of the 2nd of September, when we marched about 1.30 o'clock, and arrived near Chain Bridge in the evening. The next morning marched to Hall's Hill, Va., and remained in camp until the morning of September 7. Marched on the morning of the 7th to Alexandria and on the 8th to Upton's Hill, and reported to Brigadier-General Grifin. Marched on the morning of the 12th day of September, via Washington, D. C., Rockville, Md., and Frederick, to the Antietam, where we halted on the afternoon of the 16th of September. On the morning of the 17th took position in the reserve with the division during the action of that day.

On the morning of the 19th of September moved through Sharpsburg; went into camp in the afternoon by order of Major-General Morell. On the morning of September 20 took position, by order of Major-General Morell, commanding the ford and bluffs on the Virginia side of the river to protect the crossing of the infantry. Soon after they crossed the enemy made his appearance in force, and the battery opened upon him at a range of 1,000 or 1,200 yards' distance with spherical case and shell, to prevent his advancing and driving our infantry into the river.

I expended during the engagement 151 rounds spherical case, 32 rounds shell, and 8 rounds solid shot. No injury or casualties were sustained by the battery during the engagement.

On the march form Harrison's Landing to the Chickahominy I was obliged to abandon one caisson body by the breaking of the stock on the road. Thirteen horses died or were abandoned in a dying condition on the march from Harrison's Landing to Hall's Hill, Va., from exhaustion.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. P. MARTIN,

Captain Battery C, massachusetts Artillery.

Major F. S. EARLE, Asst. Adjt. General, Morell's Division.

Numbers 88. Report of Captain richard Waterman, Battery C, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and Bull Run and the Maryland Campaign.
HDQRS. BATTERY C, RHODE ISLAND LIGHT ARTILLERY,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the marches and operations of my command since August 15:

August 15, battery marched at daylight to the Chickahominy, and

