
crossed pontoon bridge. At dark went into position, commanding approaches to bridge. 16th, marched at 7 a. m.; encamped at 7 p. m. 2 miles beyond Williamsburg. 17th, marched at 7 a. m. through York town to within a mile of Big Bethel, 25 miles. 18th, marched at 7 a. m. to Newport News. 19th, marched at 9 a. m. to Hampton, and shipped battery on transport City of Norwich. 20th, embarked horses and transportation wagons in transport schooners. 21st, disembarked battery at Aquia Creek. 23rd, horses arrived at Aquia creek and were disembarked. 24th, marched at 5 a. m. through Falmouth to near Barnett's Ford, 28 miles, and encamped at 6 p. m. 25th, marched at 6 a. m. to join division and encamped at 1 p. m. 26th, marched at 5 a. m. Kelly's Ford and encamped. 27th, marched at 5 a. m. to near Warrenton Junction. 28th, marched at 3 a. m. to camp near Warrenton. 29th, marched at 6 a. m. to Groveton, and took position commanding main road. August 30, marched at 4 a. m. to battle-field of Manassas; took position, by command of Brigadier-General Butterfield, on heights commanding enemy's batteries and woods through which the First and Third Brigades were to ho forward. By command of Major-General Porter I advanced the battery to within canister-range of the woods, and subsequently, by his command, returned to my former position, and reopened fire on the enemy's batteries that were shelling our infantry. I also fired with shrapnel at shorter range at the enemy's infantry, who were endeavoring to form under cover of the woods.

Having exhausted the ammunition of my limbers I, in accordance with a previous command of General Butterfield, withdrew to the top of bull Run hill, to join the rest of the division. Not being able to find General Butterfield, I reported the battery to Major-General McDowell who was in search of a rifled battery. By his command I to position on the left of the hill, covering the charge of the left of our line I remained in this position (but without firing) nearly an hour, and then, having reported to Major-General Porter, by his command moved to Centreville at 7.30 p. ml.

The casualties were 1 men (Private G. W. Holded) wounded and missing, 6 horses killed, two sent of horse equipments lost. Six hundred rounds of shell and case-shot were expended in the action. Two caisson bodies were abandoned in the road, their axles having broken-one on the 29th, the other on the 30th-before the action.

August 31, by command of Major-General Morell, I retired toward Alexandria to procure forage for the horses, they being in a very exhausted state, not having had any grain for five days. Moved as far as Fairfax Court-House and encamped, three of my horses having dropped dead from exhaustion as I moved into camp. September 1, not being able to procure either rations or forage at Fairfax Station, I moved to within 5 miles of Alexandria, where I procured part of one day's ration of grain, and September 2 moved into Alexandria and encamped September 3, marched at 1 p. m. to Minor's Hill and rejoined division. Third Brigade and halted until 11 p. m., then marched to Alexandria and unharnessed, and went into camp at 2 p. m. September 7, at 11 p. m., by command of Major-General Morell, hitched up and moved guns into position near Fairfax Seminary, returning to camp at 5 a. m . September 8. September 9, marched to Fort Corcoran and encamped September 12, marched at 8 a. m. to camp near Rockville, Md. September 13, moved at 5 a. m.; marched till 6 p. m. September 14, marched at 5 a. m. to Frederick, and encamped at 2 p. m. September 15, prepared to move at 1 a. m.; marched at 11 a. m. to Middletown

