
and encamped. September 16, marched at 5 a. m. to near Antietam Creek and encamped. 17th, took position at 8 a. m.; remained in reserve during the action, and at sunset moved forward and took position commanding bridge on Sharpsburg road. 19th, moved at 7 a. m. through Sharpsburg, and took position, by command of Major-General Porter, overlooking the ford near Shepherdstown. 20th, received orders to cross ford near Shepherdstown, but subsequently, by order of Major-General Porter, took position on the bluffs commanding the ford, and fired about 500 rounds of case shot and shell at the enemy across the river during the day. September 23, moved, by command of Major-General Porter to present position of battery, commanding Shepherdstown, Va.

From August 3 to September 15 fifteen horses died or were abandoned in a dying state on the road from want of food and overwork.

Respectfully submitted.

RICHARD WATERMAN,

Captain, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, Commanding Batty. C.

Captain A. P. MARTIN,

Commanding Division Artillery.

Numbers 89. Reports of Lieutenant Charles E. Hazlett, Battery d, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of the battles of Groveton and bull Run.

MINOR'S HILL, VA.,

September 3, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of the actions of Battery D, Fifth U. S. Artillery, in the recent action near Bull Run and in the marches previous to that action, from the time of leaving Harrison's Landing:

Pursuant to orders received from division headquarters the battery left its camp at Harrison's Landing on the morning of the 15th of August, 1862, and proceeded by way of Charles City Court-House to the other side of the Chickahominy River, from there to Williamsburg, thence to Yorktown, then to Newport News, from there to Hampton, where we embarked on board of transports and were disembarked at Aquia Creek. We then marched to Falmouth, Barnett's Ford on the Rappahannock, Warrenton Junction, and Manassas Junction, and immediately after our arrival at the last-named place were ordered to proceed toward Gainesville, on the Warrenton turnpike.

We took up a position on an eminence opposite to where the enemy were ascertained to be, and in a short time they opened on a column of our infantry with one gun, a 6-pounder. We replied, but with what effect could not be ascertained, as the enemy were concealed in the woods. The enemy kept up the firing for a very short time, none of their shots reaching us, and then ceased, by shortly after opened upon us again with two rifled guns, one of them being a 10-pounder Parrott. None of their shots took effect in the battery, though some of the infantry some distance in the rear were injured by ricochet shots.

At this same time clouds of dust were seen rising in woods near the enemy's batteries. I directed part of the guns of the battery on this dust and part on the enemy's batteries. The effect of none of these

