
shots could be seen for the woods, but shortly after a large column of infantry appeared in an opening in the woods, on which the guns which could seen into this place were immediately turned with very good effect, as the shells could be seen bursting directly in the column, which broke and ran into the woods for shelter, but soon again formed, only to be again dispersed. They did not appear again. We encamped on this ground till daylight next morning, when we marched to the Warrenton turnpike near where it crosses Bull Run.

In the afternoon I was ordered by Major-General Porter to place the battery on a hill to the left of the road, in order to shell the woods in front of our position until our infantry advanced, and then turn my guns on the enemy's batteries. When the order was given General Reynolds' division occupied the woods on the left and front of the designated position, but as i was proceeding to it I saw his division withdrawing. I rode forward and found that all the troops had been withdrawn, not even leaving pickets. As this was a dangerous position to place the battery in without a strong support, I asked Colonel Warren, commanding the Fifth and Tenth New York Volunteers, if he could not give me some support while I sent back word to General Porter of the state of affairs. He did so, and in consequence saved the battery from capture. The firing from the battery in this position was extremely effective, as the effect was very visible.

Soon Colonel Warren informed me that the enemy were approaching though the woods on my left, and immediately after they were upon him with an overwhelming force. Colonel Warren's troops were between the enemy and the battery, on the left of the battery, so that I could afford him no assistance by my fire. Immediately limbered up and left the field at a walk. Although opposed to an overwhelming force, Colonel Warren's men stood their ground until the battery was removed, though at a cost of half their number. I would give all praise and credit to Colonel Warren and his command for the noble manner in which they stood their ground, thereby preventing the capture of this battery.

I then took up a position on a hill farther to the rear, and again opened fire on the enemy's infantry and artillery with good effect. The division to which the battery is attached having retired, I applied to General Hooker, who furnished me support. I remained in this position until ordered away by General Hooker, who directed me to retire to Centreville.

The conduct of the officers and enlisted men under my command was all that I could ask, and was only a repetition of their gallant conduct in previous actions. The casualties were 2 men wounded and 2 horses wounded.

I expended about 1,000 wound of shrapnel and percussion shell.

Very Respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HAZLETT,

First Lieutenant, Fifth Artillery, Commanding Battery D.

Captain MARTIN, Chief of Division Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS BATTERY D, FIFTH U. S. ARTILLERY,- -, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of this battery while under the command of Major-General Pope:

On the morning of August 29, having reached Manassas Junction,

