
the division to which I was attached was ordered to march on the road to Gainesville. On arriving within about 2 miles of that place the enemy's pickets were discovered. The battery took up a commanding position and remained there for some two or three hours; then started again on a road toward the Warrenton turnpike, was ordered back; came into battery. While the column was marching back the enemy opened upon it with one 6-pounder gun. We replied, and shortly after they opened upon us with two or three rifled guns. the firing was kept up some time, the enemy infecting no injury on us. The effect of our firing on their artillery could not be ascertained, but several times their infantry made their appearance, when the effect of our fire on them was plainly visible, causing them to break and seek shelter out of sight.

The next morning about daybreak we left, and reached the main body of the army at the crossing of the Warrenton turnpike through Bull Run.

About the middle of the day (the 30th) the battery was ordered to take position on a hill to the front to shell the woods into which it was intended this division should advance. At the time the order was given me General Reynolds' division was in the woods on this hill, but as we were going to the place indicated I saw all of General Reynolds' command leaving. As it was a dangerous position for the battery without support, I explained my position to Colonel Warren, commanding a brigade of General Sykes' division, requesting him to advance with me to support the battery. This he kindly consented to do. I had sent word to General Porter that the division of General Reynolds had left their position. We fired from this position for some two hours, I should judge, with apparently very good effect, when the enemy suddenly attacked Colonel Warren, who was on the left of the battery, in the woods. They both were in such position that I could not assist Colonel Warren by my fire, he being directly between me and the enemy, and as he had sent me word that they were in greatly superior numbers to his command, nothing was left for me but to leave as soon as possible, as there was a very difficult ditch to cross, but one carriage being able to cross at a time. I left at a walk.

Colonel Warren's command, especially the Fifth New York Volunteers, by the most gallant fighting, kept the enemy, who were in over whelming force, in check till the battery was out of danger, though at a loss of about half their numbers. I would give all praise and credit to these gallant men for the preservation of the battery from total loss.

The battery then took a second position farther to the rear, and fired from that position till after dark, when General Hooker ordered me to proceed to Centreville. The division had gone thither some time previously.

The casualties were 1 private killed and 1 sergeant wounded, 2 horses wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. E. HAZLETT,

First Lieutenant, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Captain PERKINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

