
arrive. Owing to the continuous cross-fire to which we were exposed we were finally forced to retreat.

I cannot speak too well of the gallantry of these four regiments, Thirtieth New York, Eighteenth Massachusetts, First Michigan, and Thirteenth New York, who alone held their ground with everything to discourage them, even receiving in their rear the shots of our own artillery. If we had remained any longer in our position it would have been to the entire annihilation of our commands, and I then ordered the retreat. i have the honor to inclose a list of killed, wounded, and missing of this day.* Although we were thrown forward so as to receive a cross-fire from our right and left, still if the commands on our right had pushed on as directed the result might have been different. I had supposed that Hatch's brigade on our right were to commence the attack. Colonel Johnson, of the Twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, who was deployed as skirmishers on our right and front, can speak of the delay of that command connecting with ours, and also of the retreat of troops in the timber on our right and rear.

General Sykes' command well covered our retreat. Whilst in the timber, and before the attack, I was surprised with the position of Hatch's regiments, thus causing me to move to the left in rear of the Eighteenth Massachusetts and the First Michigan in rear of me.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. G. MARSHALL,

Colonel, Thirteenth new York Volunteers.

Colonel ROBERTS.

Numbers 92. Report of Colonel Henry S. Lansing, Seventeenth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, HORELL'S DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Sharpsburg, Md., October 5, 1862.

MAJOR: In the absence of General Butterfield it devolves upon me to inclose the reports of the First and Third Brigades, Morell's division, of the battle of Groveton, on the 30th of August. The report of the Third Brigade is, from the following circumstances, incomplete:

On the morning of the battle, being very ill, I arrived upon the field in an ambulance. In the absence of General Morell General Butterfield assumed the command of the division, composed of the brigades before mentioned, while I took command of the Third Brigade and put them in position; but finding myself too ill to continue in command, was, at my own request, relieved by General Butterfield, and the command turned over to Colonel Weeks, the senior officer present. Colonel Weeks was wounded and made no report. Colonel Rice, next in rank, was sent home seriously ill immediately after the battle.

The report of Lieutenant-Colonel Bartram is intended in a measure to cover the report of the brigade and the Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers, but is necessarily incomplete, as in the commencement of the engagement General Butterfield took him as chief of staff, which prevented him from being cognizant of all the movements of the brigade, while by his absence the command of the Seventeenth Regi-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 259.

---------------

