
ment devolved upon Major W. T. C. Grower, who most gallantly led them into action, and by his coolness kept the men cool under a terrific fire until he was himself disabled.

It is therefore necessary, to complete the report, that the report of Major Grower should be received to fill up the gap. He is in the city of New York, suffering from his wounds. I have written him for a report, which when received will be duly forwarded, and respectfully request that his report be engrossed with the others when received, and that his recommendations for honorable mention have due weight.

Respectfully referring to the several reports for the records of those deserving honorable mention, I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade, Morell's Division.

Major EARLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 93. Report of Captain Robert T. Elliott, Sixteenth Michigan Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run and the Maryland Campaign.

COLONEL: Herewith I have the honor to submit my report of the operations of the regiment from the battle of Manassas, August 30, 1862, to the present time:

August 28 we arrived near the Junction, and on the 29th, with the balance of the division, guarded the left flank of the army, not participating in the engagement of that day. Early in the morning of August 30 we marched to the battle ground of Manassas, passing to the front of General Sigel's corps, being between him and the enemy. We suffered no loss from the cannonade of the forenoon. In the afternoon the brigade advanced into the strip of woods immediately in our front, and after waiting some little time charged, in conjunction with the Second Brigade, across the open meadow upon the enemy's batteries. The regiment lost quite a number of men killed and wounded in crossing the field, and owing to the rapidity of the charge fell into some confusion.

Arriving at the swell of ground, some rods beyond which was the rebel of battle, the regiment formed in line, joining the left of the Second Maine Regiment, and opened fire, holding our portion of the line steadily until ordered to retreat. After the retreat the regiment rallied in the rear of General Sigel's batteries and marched to Centreville.

Our loss in this battle was 96 killed, wounded, and missing,* including 5 commissioned officers, viz: Captain Ransom and Lieutenants Ruby and Chittick killed, and Captain Barry and Lieutenant Swan wounded, being about one-third of the force we took into the field-290. The behavior of the regiment, both officers and men, was good, not a single one flinching.

The night of August 31 the regiment stood guard in front of Centre-

---------------

*Sixteen killed, 63 wounded, and 17 missing.

---------------

