
ville. September 2 we marched to the vicinity of Chain Bridge, and September 3 to our old camp at Hall's Hill. On the 6th broke up camp and marched to the Alexandria Seminary, camping near it, and two days after again broke camp and marched to and encamped in the rear of the breastworks at Fort Craig. On the 12th marched for Maryland, passing through Rockville, and reaching Frederick September 14. September 15 camped near Middletown, and on the 16th passed through Boonsborough and Keedysville, camping near the battle ground of the following day.

During the battle of the 17th regiment rested in the rear of and supported the batteries of the division, the whole being held in reserve. We lost no men during the battle. On the 18th we were stationed with the brigade on the extreme left of the army, guarding a portion of our front on the Antietam, and on the 19th marched to our present camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT T. ELLIOTT,

Captain, Commanding,

Per GEO. PRENTISS,

Acting Adjutant.

Colonel H. S. LANSING,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 94. Report of Captain William Huson, Twelfth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Hall's Hill, Va., September 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to you the action of this regiment during the Engagement of the 30th ultimo:

Colonel Weeks having been ordered to assume command of the brigade, Captain Root, Company K, was left in charge of the regiment. He being wounded early in the action, the command devolved upon me as next senior officer. The regiment left their bivouac of the night previous at daybreak of Saturday, August 30, and without having had supper the evening before or breakfast that morning marched to the old battle-field of Bull Run, a distance of about 7 miles, where they were placed in position to support Captain

-----

's battery. Although shot and shell were liberally dealt out to them, fortunately no casualties occurred at this time (9.30 a. m.).

The regiment remained in this position till 3 p. m., when it was ordered forward to a belt of woods a little to the right of its former position, again halted, and ordered to lie down. The formation was in column doubled on center, in which position they remained until the bugle sounded the attention and advance. The advance was made by the Seventeenth New York Volunteers deploying and forwarding in line of battle; the Forty-fourth New York, Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Twelfth New York, and Sixteenth Michigan in column doubled on center. We marched into the open field, where we were met by a terrible fire from a masked battery of three guns, throwing shell, grape, and canister in quick succession, wofully thinning our ranks at each discharge.

Orders were now given to deploy, and in consequence of the deadly

