
Reed and Green and Orderly-Sergeant Clancy, of Company H, who commanded his company through the fight after his captain fell.

In this short but sanguinary engagement our loss in killed and wounded was not less than 11 officers and 200 men, including 3 color bearers, but 87 effective men being left in the regiment at the first rollcall after the battle.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. T. C. GROWER,

Major, Seventeenth New York Volunteers.

Colonel HK. S. LANSING,

Commanding Third Brigade.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded as a part of the report of the battle of Groveton, 30th August, 1862. Major Grower, being still confined to his bed with his wound, has been unable to forward it earlier.

H. S. LANSING,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 96. Report of Major Freeman Conner, Forty-fourth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run and the Maryland Campaign.

Came off picket at daylight August 30, 1862, and marched 7 miles, to the old battle ground of Bull Run. We were then marched in the direction of the enemy and formed in column in rear of the Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers, when we took breakfast, being then about 9 o'clock. We remained until about 1 o'clock in this position, having 2 men wounded by unexploded shells. At about 1 o'clock we advanced forward about half a mile and halted in the woods. Two companies were immediately thrown out to strengthen the line of skirmishers. About 3 o'clock we were ordered to advance on the enemy's lines, to do which we were obliged to cross a bad piece of ground, where we received the fire of the enemy's musketry and artillery on our right flank and the fire of our artillery in our rear. After remaining there about half an hour, many of our supports having fallen back and finding it impossible to hold our position, the order was given to the regiment to march in retreat. After having passed through woods we halted and formed line, where we remained till orders were received from General Butterfield to move to the rear, where our brigade was formed.

We entered the engagement with 12 officers and 148 men. The casualties were as follows, viz: Six officers wounded, one of whom was taken prisoner; enlisted men, 5 killed and 60 wounded and missing.+

On the morning of 17th [September] the regiment was marched with the brigade into a ravine to support batteries, where it remained till 4 p. m., when we were marched to the right to support General Sumner. He sent back word that he was able to hold his position, and we were

---------------

*Nominal list shows 3 officers and 17 men killed, 9 officers and 101 men wounded, and 53 men missing; total, 183.

+See p. 259.

---------------

