
marched back again. On the 18th, a. m., we were marched to the extreme left of our lines and placed in position to support batteries.

On the 19th we were marched in pursuit of the enemy to near our present camp. On the 20th instant we were marched forward with the intention of crossing the river. When we were in the middle of the stream orders came to right-about-march, and we then took position in the canal, to cover the retreat and prevent the enemy from crossing in case he attempted.

About 3 p. m. we returned to camp, stacked arms, got super, and marched back to the canal (on picket), where we remained twenty-four hours, until relieved by Martindale's brigade. Returned to present camp, where we have remained over since.

FREEMAN CONNER,

Major, Commanding Forty-fourth New York.

Numbers 97. Report of Captain De Witt C. McCoy, Eighty-third Pennsylvania Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HDQRS. 83rd PA. VOLS., THIRD Brigadier, MORELL'S DIV.,Fifth Corps, Army of the Potomac.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following statement of the operations of the above-named regiment at the battle of Manassas, August 30, 1862:

The regiment left its position during the day and night of the 29th of August, 1862, about 3 miles northwest of Manassas Junction, at daylight on the morning of the 30th, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell, reaching the battle ground of the 30th of August at or about 9 o'clock a. m. Immediately after reaching the ground the regiment was formed in close column doubled on the center, having the New York Forty-fourth Regiment in our front, the New York Seventeenth Regiment in advance of the Forty-fourth. In this position we remained until about 1 o'clock p. m., under an occasional fire from the enemy's artillery. At about 1 o'clock p. m. we advanced about half a mile, occupying a piece of woods immediately in front of our former position, and also immediately in front of the enemy's position. Here we remained about two hours, during which time skirmishing in front was continuous and rapid.

At about 3 o'clock p. m. we were ordered forward and advanced a few rods, when the regiment halted, deployed into line, and immediately advanced in double-quick, leaving the woods in which we were posted, emerging upon an open field. When about half way across the field, which is about 50 rods wide, Lieutenant-Colonel Campbell fell severely wounded in the left leg. The fire from the enemy's batteries during the time we were crossing the field was quite severe. The regiment still advanced at double-quick until it had nearly crossed the field, when it was flanked into a small piece of woods on our right. Here line of battle was formed, with Major Lamont in command of the regiment. Here we remained perhaps twenty minutes under a brisk fire, during which time Major Lamost was wounded in the left arm. Soon after it became apparent from the increasing fire and from observations made with regard to that matter that we were being flanked on the right. Our men were steadily returning the fire in front, but so far as could

