
be ascertained with but little effect, the enemy being concealed behind some obstante (I believe the cut of the railroad through the hill).

On ascertaining the fact that the troops on the right of our brigade had given way it at once became apparat that to hold our position was impossible, and that to remain longer would probably result in being surrounded and captured, and having an order to retreat, an order was given our regiment to retreat, which it did, forming again with the other regiments of the brigade on the road in rear of the battle ground, after which the regiment marched with the brigade for Centreville, where it arrived about 11 o'clock p. m.

The number of men engaged was 224, of whom 14 were killed, including Lieutenants Wittich, of Company I, and Harrington, of Company G, two young and valuable officers; 72 wounded and 11 missing, among the latter Captain Jones, of Company A.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

D. C. MCCOY,

Captain, eighty-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Colonel H. S. LANSING,

Commanding Third Brigade.

Numbers 98. Report of Brigadier General George Sykes, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, of the battle of Bull Run.
HDQRS. SYKES' DIVISION, PORTER'S ARMY CORPS,Camp at Vanderwerken's, Va., September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the 27th ultimo General F. J. Porter's army corps, of which my division forms a part, effected a junction with the Army of Virginia, under General Pope. The day following we marched to Bristoe Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad; thence, on the 29th, to Manassas and westwardly toward Gainesville, making a demonstration against the enemy, and exchanging a few cannon shot with in the evening. We bivouacked for the night near Bethlehem Church, on the Gainesville road, and at daylight on the 30th marched to the old battle ground of Bull Run, arriving about 9 a. m. General Pope's army was on that ground and in its vicinity. Two brigades of my division (First and Second) were thrown in advance of the Dogan house, facing to the west, their left resting on the Warrenton turnpike. The Third Brigade and my three batteries were held in reserve. An extensive forest masked my front, and on my left, to the south of the Warrenton turnpike, a second forest covered the country and screened the enemy from all observation. These two forests, half a mile apart, near my advanced position, were separated by an open plain that rose in the form of an irregular V toward a commanding crest held by the enemy. His cannon, immediately behind this crest, overlooked my whole division, and as my troops took their place he made good use of it.

From that time until 3 o'clock p. m. a sharp cannonade ensued and some practice among the skirmishers. Those of the enemy were forced back into the forest on the left of the Warrenton turnpike, and some

31 R R-VOL XII, PT II

