
All my battalion commanders were zealous, energetic, and active. They were, Major Floyd Jones, Eleventh Infantry; Major Andrews, Seventeenth Infantry; Captains Bootes, Sixth Infantry; Wilkins, Third Infantry, commanding the skirmishers; H. Dryer, Fourth Infantry; blunt, Twelfth Infantry; O'Vonnell and McKibbin, Fourteenth Infantry, First and Second Battalions; Colonel Bendiw, Tenth New York Volunteers, and Captain C. Winslow, commanding the Fifth New York Volunteers. Lieutenant Sherida, Third Infantry, maintained his line of skirmishers with great obstinacy until our whole force fell back to its last position.

My personal staff-First Lieutenant Heyward Cutting, Tenth U. S. Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant George T. Ingham, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, and First Lieutenant Warren W. Chamberlain, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, acting aides-de-camp-were under fire throughout the day, and were constantly occupied in transmitting orders to the various portions of the field. Their zeal, activity, and anxiety to do everything in their power were always apparent. Lieutenant Chamberlain, sent with an order to Colonel Wareen near the close of the day, is among the missing. His fate is not wet determined, but he is believed to be a prisoner, wounded, and in the hands of the enemy.

Captain Lawrence and Lieutenant Fletcher, Fourteenth Infantry, were sent with 100 men from my command on the 1st to gather the wounded and render such assistance as was possible to our people left on the field. In this distressing duty they were occupied four or five days, part of the time without food. They deserve mention for their good conduct in this connection.

The medical officers, under Dr. Forwood, U. S. Army, were constantly engaged in their duties, and rendered all the assistance possible under the circumstances.

I append a list of casualties-the aggregate:

Killed. 	Wounded.	Missing.

Officers	 7	 21	 3

Enlisted men	 145	 564	 177

152	 585	 180

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. SYKES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps.

