
ness and gallantry during the action and in taking off the field under heavy fire the two broken-down guns of the battery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN H. WEED,

Captain, Fifth U. S. Artillery, Commanding Division Artillery.

Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 100. Report of Lieutenant Alanson M. Randol, Batteries E and G, First U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Bull Run.

SIR: I have the honor to report that when General Sykes' division advanced against the enemy I was ordered by one of his aides (Lieutenant Ingham) to follow the movements of the Second Brigade of the division, but on arriving near their position I was ordered by an aide (Lieutenant Cutting) to return to the Warrenton road opposite the Second Brigade, an await further orders. I remained in that position, somewhat sheltered from the view of the enemy, but exposed to a continuous and heavy fire, directed at other batteries, till all the infantry on my right had retired and Colonel Warren's brigade on my left were driven from the field. As the battery was in column of pieces on the road, commanded by the fire of the enemy and no infantry near, it was impossible for me to open fire, so I retired in company with Captain Smead's battery to near the hill occupied by Captain Weed's battery, when I was ordered by an aide of General Sykes (Lieutenant Ingham) to take position on the right of the house on the hill, but when about to move to the position designated I was ordered by General Porter to move to a hill on the left of the field, if practicable. Owing to the confusion among the ambulances, infantry, batteries, &amp;c., which blocked the road, I was obliged to move very slowly, and on examining the hill designated found that while moving to take position on it I would be exposed to a direct and cross-fire from several of the enemy's batteries, and that the infantry and batteries which already covered the hill were retiring in confusion, so I moved to a hill directly in our rear, and took position on the right of Hazlett's battery, where I remained until the final falling back of the whole army to Centreville.

Although during the whole day the battery was directly under the fire of the enemy's batteries, yet at no time could I, form my positions, open fire on his forces without extreme danger of firing into our own troops.

My loss in the action was 1 horse killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. M. RANDOL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery.

Lieutenant MCINTIRE,

Adjutant Artillery, Sykes' Division.

