
Numbers 101 Report of Lieutenant William E. Van Reed, Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP NEAR COCKVILLE, MD., September 8, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery, since landing at Aquia Creek on the 23rd of August, 1862:

On the 24th the battery was ordered to join General Sykes' division, which it did on the night of the 24th, it having marched some 24 or 25 miles. Passed Fredericksburg about 2 o'clock p. m.

On the 25th, moved camp about one-half mile.

26th, marched about 8 miles.

27th, marched about 10 miles and went into position.

28th, marched about 9 miles.

29th, marched to Thoroughfare Gap; passed Manassas Junction about 2 o'clock p. m.

30th, marched about 6 miles and took position at Bull Run, and was ordered into a hollow to await further orders. Was afterward ordered to withdraw and take position on the hill close to a stone house, when the battery was withdrawn, and while on the road Captain Smead was killed by a short striking him on the head. The battery then proceeded to Centreville, arriving there about 2 o'clock a. m.

31st, about 11 o'clock a. m. the battery was placed in a redoubt.

September 1, one section (Lieutenant Calef's) went out on a scout with Colonel Warren; returned about 2 p. m.

2nd, about 1 o'clock a. m. the battery marched about 25 miles; passed through Fairfax Court-House about 10 o'clock a. m.

3rd, marched to within about 10 miles of Washington.

4th, marched to Falls' farm.

6th, marched to Tennalytown; crossed the Chain Bridge about 11 o'clock p. m.

7th, marched to Rockville, Md. Saving Captain Smead's dearth, no other casualty occurred in the battery.

I have the honor to be, sir, yours, &amp;c.,

WM. E. VAN REED,

Second Lieutenant, Commanding Battery K, Fifth U. S. Artillery.

Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 102. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert C. Buchanan, Fourth U. S. Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, REGULAR INFANTRY,Camp near Hall's Hill, Va., September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade, composed of the Third, Fourth, and First Battalions of the Twelfth, and First and Second Battalions of the Fourteenth Infantry, on the 30th ultimo, at Bull Run and in its vicinity:

At daylight on the morning of the 30th we took up our line of march

