
point at 1 o'clock at night, having the entire brigade with me in good order and having left but few stragglers behind.

I cannot omit calling the attention of the brigadier-general commanding to the firm and gallant manner in which my brigade held the enemy in check on the extreme left for such a length of time and finally prevented his turning our flank. At one time the Third and Fourth were within 30 yards of one of his brigades, which made a flank movement to turn their left, when Captain Dryer, commanding the Fourth, gave orders to fire by battalions, and poured three most destructive volleys into it before his fire could be returned. The greatest portion of my loss was at this point, and too much credit cannot be given to officers and men for their coolness and gallantry during this engagement. The Second Battalion of the Fourteenth was under fire for the first time and behaved admirably.

I must beg leave to call attention to Captain Wilkins, commanding Third Infantry; Captain J. B. Collins, commanding the Fourth, wounded, who was succeeded in the command by Captain H. Dryer, this latter officer being especially conspicuous for his coolness and gallantry; Captain J. D. O'Connell, Fourteenth Infantry, commanding First Battalion, severely wounded in several places and behaving most gallantly; and Captain D. B. McKibbin, Fourteenth Infantry, commanding Second Battalion, Fourteenth, who displayed conspicuous gallantry throughout.

Captain Wilkins, Third Infantry, mentions Captain Walker, acting field officer, for coolness and the prompt carrying out of his orders; Lieutenants Sheridan, Whitney, Eckert, and Penrose; Lieutenant Devoe, adjutant, who rendered important services, and behaved with the same indifference to danger which has distinguished him on former occasions. Sergt. Major A. Kaiser, Sergeants Torpy, Mourton, Hopkins, Litzinger, Smith, Hessian, Coady, Schafer, Morris, Hanley, Flynn, Ackland, and Scully, of the Third Infantry, and Sergt. George Lamonion, of the Twelfth Infantry, are especially mentioned.

I would particularly mention my staff-Second Lieutenant W. H. Powell, Fourth Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general and aide-de-camp, First Lieutenant S. Van Rensselaer, Twelfth Infantry. These officers behaved with the utmost coolness and gallantry, and carried my orders to every part of the field to which they were sent with cheerfulness and alacrity.

My whole brigade behaved as well as I could have expected or desired, and has, I trust, earned the favorable notice of the brigadier-general commanding the division.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBT. C. BUCHANAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

First Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 103. Report of Captain John D. Wilkins, Third U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD U. S. INFANTRY,Camp near Hall's Hill, Va., September 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 30th of August this regi-

