
being thus misled and with the bad example of Griffin before their eyes, to push forward with such zeal and alacrity to the field of battle and for the valuable service which they rendered in the action of the 30th of August. Generals Bayard and Buford commanded the cavalry belonging to the Army of Virginia. Their duties were peculiarly arduous and hazardous, and it is not too much to say that throughout the operations, from the first to the last day of the campaign, scarcely a day passed that these officers did not render service which entitles them to the gratitude of the Government. The detachments of the Signal Corps with the various army corps rendered most important service, and I cannot speak too highly of the value of that corps and of the important information which from time to time they communicated to me. They were many times in positions of extreme peril, but were always prompt and ready to encounter any danger in the discharge of their duties.

Brigadier General Julius White, with one brigade, was in the beginning of the campaign placed in command at Winchester. He was selected for that position because I felt entire confidence in his courage and ability, and during the whole of his service there he performed his duty with the utmost efficiency, and relieved me entirely from any apprehension concerning that region of country. He was withdrawn from his position by orders direct from Washington, and passed from under my command.

I transmit herewith reports of corps, division, and brigade commanders, which will be found to embrace all the details of their respective operations, and which do justice to the officers and soldiers under their command.

To my personal staff I owe much gratitude and many thanks. Their duties were particularly arduous, and at times led them into the midst of the various actions in which we were engaged. It is saying little when I state that they were zealous untiring, and efficient throughout the campaign. To Brigadier-General Roberts in particular I am indebted for services marked throughout by skill, courage, and unerring judgment, and worthy of the solid reputation as a soldier he has acquired by many years of previous faithful and distinguished military service. I desire also specially to mention Brigadier-General Elliott, Surgeon McParlin, Colonel Beckwith, Lieutenant Colonel T. C. H. Smith, Captain Piper, chief of artillery, Captain Merrill, of the Engineers, and Lieutenant Shunk, chief of ordnance. I must also honorably mention the following members of my staff, the conduct of all of whom met my hearty approval and merits high commendation: Colonels Macomb, Clary, Marshall, Butler, Morgan, and Welch, Majors Selfridge and Meline, Captains Asch, Douglass Pope, Haight, Atchison, De Kay, Piatt, Paine, and Strother. Mr. McCain, confidential telegraph operator at my headquarters, accompanied me throughout the campaign, and was at all times eminently useful and efficient. My personal escort, consisting of two small companies of the First Ohio Cavalry, numbering about 100 men, performed the most arduous service probably of any troops in the campaign. As orderlies, messengers, and guards they passed many sleepless nights and weary days. Their conduct in all the operations, as in every battle, was marked by uncommon activity and gallantry.

The reports of corps, division, and brigade commanders, herewith submitted, exhibit the loss in killed, wounded, and missing in their

4 R R - VOL XII, PT II

