
ment arrived on the old battle-field of Bull Run at about 7 o'clock a. m. A short time after the brigade was formed in line of battle in front of the Dogan house, and the regiment order forward as skirmishers, with orders to occupy the crest of the hill in our front, our left resting on the Alexandria and Warrenton turnpike. We remained in this position about three hours, when I received orders to advance the line, which was promptly done. To effect this it was necessary to drive the enemy from some houses in front of our left. This was gallantly done by three companies, under the command of Lieutenant Sheridan, with loss of 2 men killed and 3 wounded. Our line of skirmishers then connected with those of the Pennsylvania Reserves (the Bucktails) on our left and General Butterfield's on our right.

At about 4.30 p. m. the attack was made by our troops on the right, and a short time after a movement was observed on our left among the skirmishers of the Pennsylvania Reserves, which ended in their retiring entirely from their position. This was immediately reported to General Sykes, who directed me to occupy the same ground with my skirmishers, which was accordingly done. The skirmishers of the Third Infantry then occupied all the open ground in front, extending from wood to wood. The left of our line of skirmishers was hotly pressed at this time, but the line was held until the movement on our right commenced. I then assembled the skirmishers on the right of the turnpike and retired by it, having directed the skirmishers on the left of it to join me. This they were unable to do, but under Lieutenant Sheridan they assembled on Colonel Warren's brigade, and were with them in the fierce engagement which they had on the left. with all the men of my regiment I could get together I joined the brigade, which I found formed in front of the Henry and Robinson houses.

Shortly after we were ordered forward to engage the enemy, who were pressing our left. We had a short and close conflict at this point. and were finally forced to retire, which we did in good order. Subsequently we moved to Centreville, arriving at 1 o'clock in the night. Captain Walker, acting field officer, had charge of the left wing, and rendered me much assistance by his coolness and prompt carrying out of orders. Lieutenant Sheridan's conduct came under my own observation, and was all that could be desired. He mentions with praise the conduct of Lieutenants Whitney and Eckert, the former wounded and the latter contused. Lieutenant Penrose was active and energetic. Sergeant Torpy, of Company H, with 10 men of that company, held one of the houses occupied by us against a vastly superior force, and only retired when half his men were wounded and the house surrounded. He was subsequently wounded and left on the field. Sergt. Major August Kaiser, First Sergt. Stanley Mourton, of Company H; Hopkins, of Company I; Litzinger, of Company K; Smith, of Company B; Hessian, of Company G; Coady, of Company F; Schafer, of Company E; Morris, of Company C; Hanley, of Company D, and Sergeants Flynn, Ackland and Scully, of the regiment, are mentioned as having been distinguished for coolness and bravery during the entire contest.

Lieutenant Devoe, adjutant of the regiment, rendered me important service during, the action, and behaved with the same indifference to danger which has distinguished him on former occasions.

Our entire loss was 5 killed, 15 wounded, and 25 missing, many of whom were no doubt killed.

The following officers were present in the action: Captain John D. Wilkins, commanding regiment; Captain W. Walker, acting

