
field officer; Captain F. A. Davies, Sixteenth Infantry, commanding Company D, Third Infantry; Acting Assistant Surgeon Hall, Second Lieutenant Frederick Devoe, adjutant of the regiment; First Lieutenant A. Sheridan, commanding Company H; First Lieutenant william H. Penrose, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant D. Parker, commanding Company G; First Lieutenant John H. Page, commanding Company I; First Lieutenant George B. Eckert, commanding Company C, contused; Second Lieutenant Henry Asbury, commanding Company F; Second Lieutenant Hohn Whitney, commanding Company K, wounded; Second Lieutenant I. A. Helm.

JOHN D. WILKINS,

Captain, Third Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade Regulars.

Numbers 104. Report of Captain Hiram Dryer, Fourth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP NEAR HALL'S HILL, VA.,

September 4, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the Fourth Regiment of Regular Infantry on Saturday, the 30th day of august, 1862:

the regiment was formed at daylight near the Manassas Gap Railroad, about 1 mile from its junction with the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, where it had bivouacked for the night, and marched from there to the Alexandria and Warrenton turnpike, near Dogan's house, arriving at about 8 o'clock a. m. The regiment soon after was formed in line of battle in an open field about 400 yards in front of the Dogan house, covering the Twelfth Infantry, and with its left resting on the turnpike. The enemy commenced a vigorous shelling of our position almost immediately, doing but little damage. Our loss in this position was 1 killed and 3 wounded.

at about 12 o'clock we moved forward in line of battle and took position near the woods to the right and front, and about 1,200 yards distant from the Dogan house, where we remained until about 3.30 o'clock p. m., when we were ordered to fall back and take up a position on the plateau in front of the Henry and Robinson houses. In making this movement we passed nearly over the ground that we had been formed on during the early part of the day, and at or about this point Captain Collins was struck on the thigh with a round shot, producing a severe contusion of the thigh, rendering him unfit for further duty on the field. I then assumed command of the regiment. We had not been long in position on the plateau oboe mentioned when we received an order to re-enforce General Meade's brigade, then engaged on the left and about 500 yards in our front. On arriving in rear of General Meade's line, which was lying down and firing from a ditch, I halted the regiment and opened fire by battalion, firing six rounds. The enemy having disappeared in front of this position and moved to his right, where he was massing a large body of troops in a dense forest, I received an order from Colonel Buchanan to move the Fourth to the left.

