
I immediately placed the regiment about its length to its left, on a road immediately in front of the woods, where the enemy were expected to make their appearance in a few moments. We had not long to wait for them, when we discovered that they were two brigades strong, by battalion in mass, not 20 yards distant. I immediately gave the command to fire by battalion, and we gave them three rounds before they could recover themselves enough to reply. Their loss must have been terrible. I then received an order from Colonel buchanan to retire. I immediately gave the command to face about, and marched in line of battle about 30 yards to the rear, halted and faced about, and gave them another volley.

The enemy's fire having become very severe I here faced about and marched it about 60 yards more, halted and faced about. The left flank of the regiment being covered by one of our own regiments the order was given to fire by wing, firing two rounds, when we were ordered to fall back to our original position on the plateau above mentioned, where we remained but a few moments, then receiving an order to fall in and march to Centreville, arriving there in good order at about 12 o'clock p. m. Our loss during the day was 1 sergeant and 2 privates killed; 1 officer, 1 corporal, and 13 privates wounded.

It gives me much pleasure to say that both officers and men of the regiment behaved throughout the whole day with great gallantry and coolness.

The following-named officers were present with the battalion during the engagement: Joseph B. Collins, captain, commanding regiment; Hiram Dryer, captain, acting field officer; C. H. Carlton, first lieutenant, commanding Company A; A. R. Benedict, first lieutenant, commanding Company B; Thomas A. Martin, first lieutenant, commanding Company H; A. B. Cain, first lieutenant, commanding company I; Alexander Carolina, first lieutenant, commanding Company F; William S. Collier, first lieutenant, commanding Company K; John L. Buell, first lieutenant, temporarily commanding Company G; A. E. Sheldon, second lieutenant, R. P. McKibbin, second lieutenant; George M. Randall, second lieutenant, commanding Company C; Henry W. Patterson, second lieutenant; Solomon G. Krepps, second lieutenant; Samuel P. Crowley, second lieutenant; George Williams, second lieutenant; J. R. Gibson, assistant surgeon.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HIRAM DRYER,

Captain, Fourth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Fourth Infantry, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Present.

Numbers 105. Report of Captain Matthew M. Blunt, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP IN VICINITY OF WASHINGTON,

September 4, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders received yesterday I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Battalion of the Twelfth Infantry during the second battle of Bull Run, on the 30th of August, 1862:

The battalion was first posted on the field in line of battle in front of

