
Dogan's house, the two battalions of the Fourteenth (in line of battle) being in front, at about 10 a. m., in which position we remained for about two hours, under an artillery fire, with no loss, however. The brigade was then marched to the right, and advanced in the same order of battalions to a piece of woods in which the Third U. S. Infantry was deployed as skirmishers. the Twelfth was posted on the skirt of the woods, and remained under fire (not heavy) of artillery chiefly until orders were given to retire, which was done in line of battle by battalion. The Twelfth (with the rest of the First Brigade) preserved good order in this change of position, though under a very heavy artillery fire, and marched to the rear to the right of the Henry and Robinson houses, about half a mile from its last position. Here it was posted and remained a while until General Milroy requested aid to be sent to the left, which was done.

The Twelfth and Fourteenth (both battalions) advanced to the left and took post along the edge of a piece of woods and across a road, and waited the advance of the enemy. Several volleys were delivered at the enemy while they were still in the woods, but from the fact that we were badly posted, they having a full view of us and we seeing them indistinctly and delivering an uncertain fire, the Twelfth and Fourteenth retired and formed line of battle behind the Third and Fourth Infantry. This last action with the enemy was after sunset, and it was dark before the regiment left the field.

I can mention by name no officer who distinguished himself above his fellows. All did their duty well. Among the enlisted men, for coolness and bravery I recommend for notice first Sergt. George Lamonion, of Company H. He has already been mentioned in the reports of the actions near Richmond.

Our loss in killed was 1 officer (Captain J. G. Read, acting as field officer) and 4 enlisted men; wounded, 32; missing, 5.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

M. M. BLUNT,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Commanding First Bat. Twelfth Infty.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade Regular Infantry.

The following is a list of the officers present at the action on the 30th of August:

Captain M. M. Blunt, commanding the battalion; Captain J. G. Read, acting field officer (killed); Captain William Sergeant, commanding Company F; Captain Frank Wister, commanding Company G; Captain Frederick Winthrop, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant M. H. Stacey, adjutant; Second Lieutenant J. A. Duvillard, commanding Company H; Second Lieutenant F. A. Tracy, commanding Company C; Second Lieutenant T. H. Evans, commanding Company A; Second Lieutenant W. McC. Netterville, commanding Company D; Second Lieutenant R. H. Pond, commanding Company E; Second Lieutenant T. D. Urmston.

Actg. Asst. Surg. S. D. Grant attended the wounded during the battle.

M. M. BLUNT,

Captain, Twelfth Infantry, Commanding.

