
officer; Captain Guido Ilges, commanding Company E; Captain Charles B. Watson, commanding Company H; Captain W. R. Smedberg, commanding Company F; Captain C. L. King, commanding Company A; First Lieutenant Sullivan W. Burbank, commanding Company A; First Lieutenant Daniel M. Brodhead, on duty with Company G; First Lieutenant John H. Walker, commanding Company B; First Lieutenant Patrick Collins, commanding Company C; First Lieutenant James B. Sinclair, on duty with Company F; First Lieutenant James Henton, on duty with Company A; Second Lieutenant Daniel Loosley, adjutant of battalion; Second Lieutenant Partick H. Moroney, on duty with Company F.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HARVEY BROWN,

Captain, Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding First Battalion.

Lieutenant WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 107. Report of Captain David B. McKibbin, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP NEAR HALL'S HILL, VA.,

September 4, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding First Brigade, Sykes' division, the operations of the Second Battalion Fourteenth Infantry at the battle near Bull Run, Va., August 30, 1862.

We left bivouac on the Centreville and Gainesville road at daybreak. About 10 o'clock a. m. took up a position in front of Dogan's house in a corn field, my left resting on and perpendicular to the Centreville and Warrenton road. The enemy's sharpshooters and batteries opened upon us at once, without loss, excepting a negro detailed as a prisoner. We then marched forward in line of battle, taking position in the rear of a skirt of woods about 1,000 yards in advance and to the right of our former position. After remaining in this position a short time we were advanced to the front (in rear of the First Battalion Fourteenth Infantry) about 200 yards. We were ordered to lie down. Hitherto the firing had not been heavy. We were now under a terrific fire of shell, case, canister, and musketry. The position that my men had been placed in by the colonel commanding (in a ditch) was all that saved them from a more severe loss.

About one-half hour afterward we were ordered to fall back very slowly, which order was executed in good order, to the plateau in front of Robinson's and Henry's houses. Here we were formed in battalion in mass. Shortly afterward, General Milroy needing assistance, we were ordered to the front, deploying to the left. We were then within 40 yards of the enemy, almost entirely concealed by the trees and thickets. After receiving and returning fire several times I ordered the men to cease firing, and sent the sergeant-major with two men to my left along the road to find out if they were trying to flank us. He reported large numbers moving up, and I then caused my battalion to change front to rear on the right. Shortly afterward we were ordered to retire. This was about sundown.

