
I had 3 officers wounded: Captains Coppinger, Locke, and Lieutenant Wharton-the first seriously, the others slightly. I cannot but call particular attention of the colonel commanding to the conduct of the officers of this battalion. Their coolness and the gallantry with which they fought their companies and attended to their several duties are worthy of commendation. There was but one officer with each company. Captain Spencer, of the Seventeenth Infantry, under charge for disloyalty, knowing how much I needed officers, volunteered his services an fought the right company. His conduct was as cool and breve as that of any officer on the field. Sergeant-Major Graham, of this battalion, deserves especial notice. I believe he has been mentioned before for bravery and soldier-like conduct. Three officers and 45 enlisted men is the total loss in this battalion out of 273 who went into the fight.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. MCKIBBIN,

Captain, Fourteenth Infantry, Commanding Second battalion.

WILLIAM H. POWELL,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth Infantry, Actg. Ass. Adjt. General

Numbers 108. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Chapman, Third U. S. Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SYKES' DIVISION,Camp at Hall's Farm, Va., September 6, 1862.

SIR: We left our position on the Gainesville road, where the division bivouacked on the night of the 29th, about 1 1/2 miles form Manassas Junction, early on the morning of August 30. Our line of march lay 2 miles to the left of Centreville and was continued to Bull Run Hill. The division was then posted, about 8.30 a. m., across the Warrenton turnpike, 800 yards to the front. The First Brigade deployed; the Second Brigade, composed of the Second and Tenth Infantry, Major C. S. Lovell, Tent Infantry, commanding Sixth Infantry, Captain L. C. Bootes, commanding; Eleventh Infantry, Major De L. Floyd-Jones commanding, and Seventeenth Infantry, Major G. L. Andrews, Seventeenth Infantry, commanding, was formed in columns of division as a reserve in rear of the First. The division moved forward from this first position to support General Morell's, occupying the woods in our front. The troops of General Porter's advance were assailed on both flanks by grape and canister from the enemy's batteries. After a portion of the First Brigade advanced into the woods my brigade deployed its columns and formed a column of regiment in line. About 3.30 p. m., by General Porter's order, the brigade retired in admirable order to the point designated, then moved by the left flank onto the turnpike; marched on same to the summit of Bull Run Hill, the post of the commanding generals. This movement was executed with surprising order under a heavy fire of artillery, and elicited my warmest admiration. At the time of leaving our second position the enemy was massing heavy columns on our left for a flank attack. My brigade was ordered by Generals Pope, McDowell, and others to advance to our

