
Ramsey and Alfred A. Woodhull, U. S. Army, untiring in their exertions to the wounded of the brigade.

Respectfully submitted.

WM. CHAPMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Third Infantry, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Aide-de-camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 109. Report of Captain Levi C. Bootes, Sixth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH U. S. INFANTRY,Camp on Hall's Farm, Va., September 6, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to report the part taken by the Sixth Regiment U. S. Infantry and Company G, First Infantry (attached), under my command, in the battle with the enemy on the plains of Manassas, near Bull Run, Va., on the 30th of August last:

About 9 o'clock a. m. I received an order by the acting assistant adjutant-general of the Second Brigade, Sykes' division, of which the Sixth Infantry and Company G, First Infantry, forms a part, to take a position a little to the right of the center of the line of battle, where we remained some four or five hours. Colonel Chapman, commanding the brigade, gave an order to deploy column and advance into a corn field about 150 yards to our front. Soon after taking our position here I received an order from General Butterfield to march my regiment by flank out of the line of battle to the right, in order to prevent the falling back of panic-stricken troops fleeing from the field and in the utmost disorder. While in the performance of this duty I received an order by the acting assistant adjutant-general to join the brigade, which I did, taking my proper place in the line of battle. The command received an order to fall back, which was done in line and in good order, during all this time under a terrible fire of shot and shell.

This movement to the rear was conducted in line of battle and in good order. On our march to the rear I received an order from colonel Chapman to march my command to a wood on the left of the field of battle and take a position in the point of the wood to head off the enemy, which I immediately proceeded to do in double-quick time, and having gained that position we had not occupied it long ere it had to be abandoned from the severity of the enemy's fire and overpowering numbers, and as no aid or prospect of any was near, I reluctantly fell out of the woods to a higher and more eligible position, where we remained until night, when we were ordered to fall back on Centreville, Va.

The officers and men of my command during the day behaved admirably. The officers present with the regiment and Company G, First Infantry, were as follows, viz: Captain Levi C. Bootes, commanding the regiment and Company G, First Infantry; Captain Benjamin F. Smith, acting field officer of the regiment; First Lieutenant William W. Sanders, regimental adjutant; Captain Montgomery Bryant, commanding Company D, Sixth Infantry; First Lieutenant Daniel D. Lynn, commanding Company K, Sixth Infantry; First Lieutenant Joseph B. Rife, commanding Company F, Sixth Infantry; Second Lieutenant George T. Hodges, com-

