
manding Company B, Sixth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Charles M. Pyne, commanding Company I, Sixth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Abram W. Bickley, commanding Company G, Sixth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Jeremiah P. Schindel, commanding Company E, Sixth Infantry; Captain M. R. Marston, commanding Company G, First Infantry, and First Lieutenant Charles D. Viele, attached to Company G, First Infantry.

No individual act of bravery on the part of the non-commissioned officers or privates of the regiment calling for special commendation has been brought to my notice except that of Sergt. Major George Anderson, whose conduct for coolness during the actin was quite conspicuous.

Herewith I have the honor to submit the accompanying list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEVI C. BOOTES,

Captain, Sixth Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Second Brigade, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 110. Report of Major Charles S. Lovell, Tenth U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

CAMP ON THE VANDERWERKEN FARM, VA.,

September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the operations of the battalion of the Second and Tenth Infantry, under my command, in the battle of Bull Run, on the 30th of August, 1862:

The battalion was formed in line of battle in the field on the left bank of Bull Run Creek between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, and kept in that position until about 3.30 o'clock p. m., when orders were received to fall back and take a position on the right bank of the creek, in the timber, near the crest of the ridge. After getting in position outside the fence I found Major Andrews with the battalion of the Seventeenth Infantry on my left and the Sixth Infantry in the woods on my right.

We were in this position some fifteen or twenty minutes before the enemy opened his fire, which was intensely severe, upon us, and continued so about three-quarters of an hour, when we were ordered by Colonel Chapman, commanding brigade, to fall back to the timber across the road. The enemy managed to keep himself so completely concealed from our view in the timber and thick underbrush that i only saw distinctly one set of his colors during the action.

Both officers and men conducted themselves, without a single exception, in the coolest and most determined manner, although the casualties were very numerous, as will be seen from the list herewith inclosed.

The commissioned officers engaged were: First Lieutenant and Adjt. A. W. Kroutinger, First Lieuts. S. A. McKee, William F. Drum, George H. McLoughlin; Second Lieuts. Ralph E. Ellinwood (wounded in right ankle), Abraham Grafius, William Kidd (killed), and John H. Markely was badly wounded in the groin, Second Infantry. First Lieutenant George

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 260.

---------------

