
respective commands. No report of any description has been received from the army corps of Banks and Reno.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff and of Eng'rs, Hdqrs. of Army, Washington, D. C.

Such of the dispatches and orders sent and received during the campaign of the Army of Virginia as are referred to in the body of the report and are necessary to explain in detail the operations of the campaign.

Numbers 1.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,
 Washington, July 18, 1862.

Numbers 5.

Hereafter, as far as practicable, the troops of this command will subsist upon the country in which their operations are carried on. In all cases supplies for this purpose will be taken by the officers to whose department they properly belong under the orders of the commanding officer of the troops for whose use they are intended. Vouchers will be given to the owners, stating on their face that they will be payable at the conclusion of the war, upon sufficient testimony being furnished that such owners have been loyal citizens of the United States since the date of the vouchers. Whenever it is known that supplies can be furnished in any district of the country where the troops are to operate the use of trains for carrying subsistence will be dispensed with as far as possible. By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,
 Washington, July 18, 1862.

Numbers 6.

Hereafter in any operations of the cavalry forces in this command no supply or baggage trains of any description will be used unless so stated specially in the order for the movement. Two days' cooked rations will be carried on the persons of the men, and all villages or neighborhoods through which they pass will be laid under contribution, in the manner specified by General Orders, Numbers 5, current series, from these headquarters, for the subsistence of men and horses. Movements of cavalry must always be made with celerity, and no delay in such movements will be excused hereafter on any pretext. Whenever the order for the movement of any portion of this army emanates from these headquarters the time of marching and that to be consumed in the execution of the duty will be specifically designated, and no departure therefrom will be permitted to pass unnoticed without the gravest and most conclusive reasons.

Commanding officers will be held responsible for strict and prompt compliance with every provision of this order.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

