
S. Lauman, Second Lieuts. Robert G. Welles, William J. Fisher, and Claude S. Robertson, Tenth Infantry, all except the latter commanding companies, to all of whom my thanks are due for their unceasing encouragement given to the rank and file.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. LOVELL,

Major, Tenth Infantry, Commanding Second and Tenth Infantry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, Sykes' Division, Regulars.

Numbers 111. Report of Major De L. Floyd-Jones, Eleventh U. S. Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH INFANTRY,Camp at Hall's Hill, Va., September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following operations of the Eleventh Infantry on the 30th ultimo:

Moving at daylight from its bivouac, near Manassas Junction, it marched to the battle-field of the previous day, and in company with the other regiments of the brigade was placed in position in front of the enemy, occupying the right center of our line. It was here exposed to a fire of shot and shell. Upon the advance of our line we were moved to the front and halted a short distance in rear of the woods held by the enemy. In this position it became a second time under fire and experienced a slight loss. Upon the repulse of Morell's division the regiment was ordered to retire, and falling back in excellent order to the left of the line, it was ordered by General McDowell in person to meet the enemy, who was endeavoring to turn our left flank. It moved in double-quick to the woods and took position just at the border of it. Here it encountered the enemy in force and did good service, holding him in check. It continued in this position until relieved by other troops, when it took up a position near a battery of artillery and was directed by General Pope to support the same, which it continued to do until the battery moved to the rear, when I reported to Colonel Chapman, who directed me to join the brigade. Throughout the day both officers and men behaved well. Of the enlisted men I would particularize-Company D, Sergt. George Richmond, Private Charles Brown; Company H, Sergt. A. J. Barber, and Corp. Edmund Burgoyne, of Company G, color-bearer, the latter particularly active.

The following officers of the Eleventh Infantry took part in the action: Captain C. S. Russell, H. L. Chipman, J. W. Ames, James Elder, J. K. Lawrence, C. R. Layton, and J. S. Fletcher; Lieuts. J. C. Bates, G. N. Lieber, D. M. Vance, G. H. Higbee, C. I. Pleasants, William Fletcher, E. A. Ellsworth, G. E. Head, F. A. Field, and J. W. Gray.

Respectfully,

DE L. FLOYD-JONES,

Major, Eleventh Infantry, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c.

