
checked or diverted from their course at that moment. I am happy to say, however, that as my battalion emerged into the open plain beyond the timber the divided portions joined immediately, and the scattered men rapidly joining their companies, there was not a man missing by the time we were brought to a halt, some 300 yards farther on. To say that both officers and men behaved to my entire satisfaction would hardly express it, and when I consider that less than 70 of the men had ever been under fire before, and that three companies were recruits, besides having nearly 50 recruits scattered through the other companies, their retiring in line of battle in good order from their original position in the corn field, under a brisk fire of shells, over fences and deep ditches, and again, when all felt the day was lost, to maintain their organization while retiring under a severe fire through a tangled underbrush and with other troops rushing through the ranks, may be considered remarkable.

Of my officers I cannot speak too highly, and where all behaved so admirably it is almost impossible and would seem almost partial to name individuals; but I must be allowed to speak of Captain J. P. Wales (acting field officer) and First Lieutenant W. W. Swan (acting quartermaster). Their services during the entire day were invaluable, and to their coolness and persistent efforts I am not a little indebted for the good behavior of the battalion. Captain W. J. Temple, who accidentally came more immediately under my personal observation than the other company commanders, won my admiration by his calm calculation and economy in the use of his ammunition.

Below I append a list of my casualties,* also the number of men who went into the action. I have employed my best efforts to select correctly those men whose behavior appears to entitle them to honorable mention; also those whose other qualifications, together with gallant conduct, would seem to fit them for the position of second lieutenant. Each class will be found under its appropriate head.

Trusting the conduct of myself and battalion will meet with the approbation of my commanding officers, I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. ANDREWS,

Major, Seventeenth Infantry, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. E. SELLERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Sykes' Division.

Numbers 113. Report of Colonel Gouverneur K. Warren, Fifth New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of the battle of Bull Run.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SYKES' DIVISION, September 6, 1862.

SIR: I take leave to present herewith a sketch+ of the field of action of the 30th of August, as it appeared to me, with an account of what I witnessed and the part sustained by my brigade, consisting of the Fifth New York Volunteers, about 490 strong, and the Tenth New York Volunteers, about 510 strong. Different parts of the sketch are referred

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 260.

+Not found.

---------------

