
ing in the open fields, well knowing, however, that my position was one from which I could not retreat in the face of a superior force.

Reynolds' division on my left, probably aware of the superior force of the enemy gathering in his front, fell back from I toward P. The enemy advanced with rapidity upon my position, with the evident intention of capturing Hazlett's battery. The Tenth New York was compelled to fall back, scarcely arriving at the position held by the Fifth New York before the enemy, and in such a manner as to almost completely prevent the Fifth from firing upon them. While I was endeavoring to clear them from the front the enemy in force opened fire from the woods on the rear and left flank of the Fifth with most fearful effect. I then gave the order to face about and march down the hill, so as to bring the enemy all on our front, but in the roar of musketry I could only be heard a short distance. Captain Boyd, near me, repeated the command, but his men only partially obeyed it. They were unwilling to make a backward movement. He was wounded while trying to executive it. Adjutant Sovereign carried the order along the line to Captain Winslow, commanding the regiment, and to the other captains, but was killed in the act. Captain Winslow's horse was shot. Captain Lewis, acting field officer, was killed. Captain Hager was killed. Captains McConnell and Montgomery were down with wounds, and Lieutenants Raymond, Hoffman, Keyser, and Wright were wounded. Both color-bearers were shot down, and all but four of the sergeants were killed or wounded.

Before the colors and the remnant of the regiment could be extricated 298 men of the Fifth and 133 of the Tenth New York were killed or wounded.

In the Tenth New York Lieutenant Hedden was killed, and Captain Dimmick, Lieutenant Dewey, Lieutenant Mosscrop, and Lieutenant Culhane wounded. The colors of both regiments were brought off, and the batteries we were protecting were withdrawn.

We assisted from the field 77 wounded of the Fifth and 8 of the Tenth. The remainder fell into the hands of the enemy. Among these were Captains Boyd, McConnell, and Montgomery, and Lieutenants Wright and Raymond, of the Fifth, and Captain Dimmick, Lieutenants Mosscrop and Dewey, of the Tenth. Braver men than those who fought and fell that day could not be found. It was impossible for us to do more, and, as it well known, all the efforts of our army barely checked this advance.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Colonel Fifth New York Vols., Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant HEYWARD CUTTING,

Actg. Aide-de-Camp and A. A. A. G., Sykes' Division.

Numbers 114. Report of Colonel John E. Bendix, Tenth New York Infantry, of the battle of Bull Run.

HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, September 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part my regiment took in the action at Bull Run, August 30, 1862:

My regiment, in connection with the Fifth New York Volunteers, was

