
marched in the field on the left of the road up a hill to support a Parrott-gun battery. We got to the edge of the woods, when I was ordered to deploy six companies as skirmishers in the woods, the remaining four companies remaining as reserves, my skirmishers advancing through the woods about 500 yards. There was an open field with high grass beyond this woods about 500 yards wide, in which the enemy's skirmishers were deployed. As soon as the enemy's skirmishers showed themselves my skirmishers fired, but before they could reload the enemy advanced in force. Six regiments in column of division advanced on the double-quick, and we were compelled to retire, not having time to rally.

When we got to the edge of the woods we found the enemy had turned the left flank of the Fifth Regiment, which was drawn up in line as our support. I found it impossible to rally my men, as our support was attacked from front and rear, and we retreated rapidly across the field until we got under cover, and then rallied as soon as possible. The remnants of both regiments were then marched up the hill, and formed line with the division under General Sykes. We remained on the field until 7 o'clock p. m. and then marched to Centreville, where we bivouacked for the night. On the 31st changed our position and marched inside of intrenchment. September 1, 12 midnight, struck tents and marched through Fairfax to this place. I have given a small sketch of the woods and field as near as I can judge the position of both, which I send with this.

Hoping this will be satisfactory, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENDIX,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment New York Volunteers.

Colonel GOUVERNEUR K. WARREN,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 115. Application of Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Army Corps, for an investigation of his conduct; the findings and sentence of general court-martial in his case; report of the Board of Officers assembled in 1878, and action of Presidents Hayes and Arthur.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Arlington House, Va., September 10, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General, Washington City:

GENERAL: I have reason to believe that charges have been made by Major General John Pope against my official conduct during the portion of the campaign in Northeast Virginia in which the corps I have the honor to command was serving under his orders.

Justice to my brave command and to the army, justice to those who have honored me with their confidence and with command, and justice to the country would seem to require an investigation of these charges, and in justice to me I ask that a thorough examination into their truth or falsity and all attending circumstances may be made at an early hour.

I would have preferred this request at an earlier day had anything

