
tangible been in my possession and had not Major-General Pope informed me at Fairfax Court-House that he had no cause to complain of me during the period I was under his command.

I am more urgent for an early consideration of my case since Major General Pope is himself a witness in my favor and since many of the general officers now in this vicinity are also essential witnesses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS, Arlington, September 11, 1862.

Brigadier General LORENZO THOMAS,Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have to-day, to my surprise, seen in the New York newspapers Major General John Pope's official report of the recent battle at Bull Run.

Having thus been apprised of the charges made against me by General Pope (of which charges I had before received intimation), I have only now to urge an early investigation of them, and would therefore earnestly request that this investigation may take place as soon as the interests of the service may permit, in order that I may prove the falsity of the charges and of the inferences drawn from them in that report.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 350. Washington, November 17, 1862.

* * * * * *

II. A military commission will assemble in this city at 11 o'clock a. m. on the 20th, or as soon thereafter as practicable, to examine and report on charges preferred against Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Volunteers, by Major General John Pope, U. S. Volunteers.

Detail for the commission.

Major General David Hunter, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers.

Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army.

Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General U. S. Army, judge-advocate and recorder of the commission.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

