
Specification 3rd.-In this, that the said Major General Fitz John Porter, having been in front of the enemy during the battle of Manassas, on Friday, the 29th of August, 1862, did on that day receive from Major General John Pope, his superior and commanding officer, a lawful order, in the following letters and figures, to wit:-
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, August 29, 1862-4.30 p. m.

Major-General PORTER:

Your line of march brings you in on the enemy's right flank. I desire you to push forward into action at once on the enemy's flank, and, if possible, on his rear, keeping your right in communication with General Reynolds. The enemy is massed in the woods in front of us, but can be shelled out as soon as you engage their flank. Keep heavy reserves, and use your batteries, keeping well closed to your right all the time. In case you are obliged to fall back, do so to your right and rear, so as to keep you in close communication with the right wing.

JOHN POPE,Major-General, Commanding-

Which said order the said Major-General Porter did then and there disobey, and did fail to push forward his forces into action either on the enemy's flank or near, and in all other respects did fail to obey said order. This at or near Manassas, in the State of Virginia, on or about the 29th of August, 1862.

Specification 4th.-In that the said Major General Fitz John Porter, being at or near Manassas Junction, on the night of the 29th August, 1862, did receive from Major General John Pope, his superior and commanding officer, a lawful order, in figures and words as follows, to wit:-
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, In the Field, near Bull Run, August 29, 1862-8.50 p. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER:

GENERAL: Immediately upon receipt of this order, the precise hour of receiving which you will acknowledge, you will march your command to the field of battle of to-day, and report to me in person for orders. You are to understand that you are expected to comply strictly with this order, and to be present on the field within three hours after its reception, or after daybreak to-morrow morning.

JOHN POPE,Major-General, Commanding-

And the said Major General Fitz John Porter did then and there disobey the said order, and did permit one of the brigades of his command to march to Centreville-out of the way of the field of battle-and there to remain during the entire day of Saturday, the 30th of August. This at or near Manassas Station, in the State of Virginia, on the 29th and 30th days of August, 1862.

Specification 5th.-In this, that the said Major General Fitz John Porter, being at or near Manassas Station, in the State of Virginia, on the night of the 29th August, 1862, and having received from his superior commanding officer, Major General John Pope, the lawful order set forth in specification fourth to this charge, did then and there disobey the same, and did permit one other brigade attacked to his command-being the brigade commanded by Brigadier General A. S. Piatt-to march to Centreville, and did thereby greatly delay the arrival of the said General Piatt's brigade on the field of battle of Manassas, on Saturday, the 30th August, 1862. This at or near Manassas, in the State of Virginia, on or about the 29th day of August, 1862.

