
Of the 2nd Specification, "Guilty."

Of the 3rd Specification, "Guilty, except the words 'to Manassas Junction.'"

Of the 2nd CHARGE, "Guilty."

SENTENCE.

And the court does therefore sentence him, Major General Fitz John Porter, of the United States Volunteers, "To be cashiered, and to be forever disqualified from holding any office of trust or profit under the Government of the United States."

II. In compliance with the Sixty-fifth of the Rules and Articles of War, the whole proceedings of the general court-martial in the foregoing case have been transmitted to the Secretary of War, and by him laid before the President of the United States.

The following are the orders of the President:

The foregoing proceedings, findings, and sentence in the foregoing case of Major General Fitz John Porter are approved and confirmed; and it is ordered that the said Fitz John Porter be, and he hereby is, cashiered and dismissed from the service of the United States as a major-general of volunteers, and as colonel and brevet brigadier-general in the regular service of the United States, and forever disqualified from holding any office of trust or profit under the Government of the United States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

JANUARY 21, 1863.

III. The general court-martial, of which Major-General Hunter is president, is hereby dissolved.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Extracts from proceedings of a Board of Officers convened at West Point, pursuant to the following orders.*
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 78. Washington, April 12, 1878.

The following order has been received from the War Department.

An appeal has been made to the President, as follows:

NEW YORK, March 9, 1878.

To His Excellency RUTHERFORD B. HAYES,

President of the United States:

SIR: I most respectfully, but most urgently, renew my oft-repeated appeal to have you review my case. I ask it as a matter of long-delayed justice to myself. I renew it upon the ground heretofore stated, that public justice cannot be satisfied so long

---------------

*The record of this board is printed in Senate Ex. Doc. Numbers 37, first session Forty-sixth Congress. See Senate Reports Numbers 158, parts 1-3, and House Reports Numbers 129, second session, same Congress; also Senate Ex. Doc. Numbers 10, third session, same Congress.

---------------

