
as my appeal remains unheard. My sentence is a continuing sentence, and made to follow my daily life. For this reason, if for no other, my case is ever within the reach of executive as well as legislative interference.

I beg to present copies of papers heretofore presented, bearing upon my case, and trust that you will deem it a proper one for your prompt and favorable consideration.

If I do not make it plain that I have been wronged, I alone am the sufferer. If I do make it plain that great injustice has been done me, then I am sure that you, and all others who love truth and justice, will be glad that the opportunity for my vindication has not been denied.

Very respectfully, yours,

FITZ JOHN PORTER.

In order that the President may be fully informed of the facts of the case of Fitz John Porter, late major-general of volunteers, and be enabled to act advisedly upon his application for relief in said case, a board is hereby convened, by order of the President, to examine, in connection with the record of the trial by court-martial of Major-General Porter, such new evidence relating to the merits of said case as is now on file in the War Department, together with such other evidence as may be presented to said board, and to report, with the reasons for their conclusion, what action, if any, in their opinion, justice requires should be taken on said application by the President.

Detail for the board.

Major General J. M. Schofield.

Brigadier General A. H. Terry.

Colonel G. W. Getty, Third Artillery.

Major Asa B. Gardner, judge-advocate, recorder.

The board will convene at West Point, N. Y., on the 20th day of June, 1878, and is authorized to adjourn from time to time, and to sit in such place as may be deemed expedient.

By command of General Sherman:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Adjutant-General.

* * * * * *

Report of the Board of Army Officers in the case of Fitz John Porter.

NEW YORK CITY, March 19, 1879.

To the honorable the SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: We, the Board of Officers appointed by order of the President to examine the evidence in the case of Fitz John Porter, late major-general of volunteers, and to report, with the reasons for our conclusions, what action (if any), in our opinion, justice requires should be taken by the President on the application for relief in that case, have the honor to make the following report. The recorder has been directed to forward to the Adjutant-General of the Army the printed record of our proceeding, including all the evidence examined and the arguments of counsel on either side.

We have made a very thorough examination of all the evidence presented and bearing in any manner upon the merits of the case. The recorder has, under instructions from the board, sought with great dil-

33 R R-VOL XII, PT II

