
Numbers 4.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 11. Washington, July 23, 1862.

Commanders of army corps, divisions, brigades, and detached commands will proceed immediately to arrest all disloyal male citizens within their lines or within their reach in rear of their respective station.

Such as are willing to take the oath of allegiance to the United States and will furnish sufficient security for its observance shall be permitted to remain at their homes and pursue in good faith their accustomed avocations. Those who refuse shall be conducted South beyond the extreme pickets of this army, and be notified that if found again anywhere within or lines or at any point in rear they will be considered spies, and subjected to the extreme rigor of military law.

If any person, having taken the oath of allegiance as above specified, be found to have violated it, he shall be shot, and his property seized and applied to the public use.

All communication with any person whatever living within the lines of the enemy is positively prohibited, except through the military authorities and in the manner specified by military law; and any person concerned in writing or in carrying letters or messages in any other way will be considered and treated as a spy within the lines of the United States Army.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General, and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 5.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

Numbers 18. Near Sperryville, Va., August 6, 1862.

Hereafter, in all marches of the army, no straggling or lagging behind will be allowed. Commanders of regiments will be held responsible that his order is observed, and they will march habitually in the rear of their regiments; company commanders in the rear of their respective companies.

They will suffer no man of their command to fall behind them on any excuse, except by a written permit from the medical officer of the regiment that they are took sick to perform the march, and therefore must ride in ambulances.

Medical officers will be responsible that no such written pass is improperly given.

Regimental trains will march in rear of the division to which the regiments belong in the order of precedence of the regiments in that division. Brigade and division supply trains will follow in the rear of the respective army corps to which they belong.

Ambulances and ammunition wagons will follow in rear of their respective regiments, and under no consideration wherever will any wagons or other vehicle be placed in the column of march other than as hereinbefore specified.

Officers and soldiers of this army will habitually carry two days' cooked rations upon their persons when ordered to perform a march.

It is recommended to commanders of corps d'armee that in all cases when it is practicable the shelter-tents and knapsacks of the men be carried in the wagons.

