
son's command, made mainly by Butterfield's and Barnes' brigades, of Morell's division, and by Sykes' division, which is described as follows by the Confederate generals:

[Extract from General Lee's report of operations on the Army of Northern Virginia, battle of Manassas.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, March 6, 1863.

SIR: * * * About 3 p. m. the enemy, having massed his troops in front of General Jackson, advanced against his position in strong force. His front line pushed forward until engaged at close quarters by Jackson's troops, when, its progress was checked, and a fierce and bloody struggle ensued. A second and third line, of great strength, moved up to support the first, but in doing so came within easy range of a position a little in advance of Longstreet's left. He immediately ordered up two batteries, and two others being thrown forward about the same time by Colonel S. D. Lee, under their well-directed and destructive fire the supporting lines were broken and fell back in confusion. Their repeated efforts to rally were unavailing, and Jackson's troops, being thus relieved from the pressure of overwhelming numbers, began to press steadily forward, driving the enemy before them. He retreated in confusion, suffering severely from our artillery, which advanced as he retired. General Longstreet, anticipating the order for a general advance, now threw his whole command against the Federal center and left. * * *

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

[Extract from the report of General James Longstreet, October 10, 1862.]

* * * During the day Colonel S. D. Lee, with his reserve artillery placed in the position occupied the day previous by Colonel Walton, engaged the enemy in a very severe artillery combat. The result was, as the day previous, a success. At 3.30 o'clock int he afternoon I rode to the front for the purpose of completing arrangements for making a diversion in favor of a flank movement then under contemplation. Just after reaching my front line I received a message for re-enforcements for General Jackson, who was said to be severely pressed. From an eminence near by one portion of the enemy's masses attacking General Jackson were immediately within my view and in easy range of batteries in that position. It gave me an advantage that I had not expected to have, and I made haste to use it. Two batteries were ordered for the purpose, and one placed in position immediately and opened. Just as this fire began I received a message from the commanding general informing me of General Jackson's condition and his wants. As it was evident that the attack against General jackson could not be continued ten minutes under the fire of these batteries, I made no movement with my troops.

* * * * * *

[Extract from the report of General Jackson of operation from

August 15 to September 5, 1862.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, April 27, 1863.

GENERAL: After some desultory skirmishing an heavy cannonading during the day the Federal infantry, about 4 o'clock in the evening, moved from under cover of the wood and advanced in several lines, first engaging the right, but soon extending its attack to the center and left. in a few moments our entire line was engaged in a fierce and sanguinary struggle with the enemy. As one line was repulsed another took its place and pressed forward as if determined, by force of numbers and fury of assault, to drive us from our positions. So impetuous and well sustained were these onsets as to induce me to send to the commanding general for re-enforcements; but the timely and gallant advance of General Longstreet on the right relieved my troops from the pressure of overwhelming numbers, and gave to these brave men the chances of a more equal conflict. As Longstreet pressed upon the right the Federal advance was checked, and soon a general advance of my whole line was ordered.

T. J. JACKSON,Lieutenant-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Department A. N. V.

