
States, which are deemed by me to be of sufficient gravity to warrant the remission of that part of said sentence which has not yet been completely executed:

Now, therefore, know ye that I, Chester A. Arthur, President of the United States, by virtue of the power vested in me by the Constitution of the United States and in consideration of the premises, do hereby grant to the said Fitz John Porter full remission of the hereinbefore-mentioned continuing penalty.

In witness whereof I have hereunto signed my name and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this fourth day of May, A. D. 1882,

[L. S.] and of the Independence of the United States the one hundred and sixth.

CHESTER A. ARTHUR.

By the President:

FRED'K T. FRELINGHUYSEN,

Secretary of State.

Numbers 116. Report of Major General William B. Franklin, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Army Corps, of operations August 30.

CENTREVILLE, August 30-8.15 p. m.

GENERAL: I have opened your dispatch of 2 p. m. to General Pope. I arrived at the field this afternoon at 6 o'clock. Found that the road was filled with fleeing men, artillery, and wagons, all leaving the field in a panic. It was a scene of terrible confusion, and I immediately formed line of battle across the road and attempted to stop and form the stragglers. It was impossible to succeed in this, the number becoming over 7,000 in less than half an hour. The number continued to increase until I left the position, and I have now moved my corps to this place. The panic, from the accounts I have had of it, appears unaccountable. The men are from several divisions. Our left was broken and turned. I shall make this place as defensible as possible, but my march to-day has been 20 miles.

I was unable to find General Pope on the field, but I understand that he changed his position several times.

Very respectfully, yours,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Major-General, Commanding.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander-in-Chief.

Numbers 117. Itinerary of the First Division, Sixth Army Corps, Brigadier General Henry W. Slocum commanding, August 16-31.*

August 16, broke camp at Harrison's Landing and marched to Charles City Court-House, 7 miles.

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on returns of the division and its First Brigade for the month of August, 1862.

---------------

