
August 17, marched to and crossed the Chickahominy at Barrett's Ford, 14 miles.

August 18, marched to Simpson's house, Williamsburg, 15 miles.

August 19, marched to Yorktown, 12 miles.

August 20, marched to Young's Mill, 14 miles.

August 21, marched to Newport News, 9 miles.

August 22 and 23, embarked on transports for Aquia Creek.

August 24, arrived and debarked at Alexandria, Va.

August 27, the First Brigade moved from encampment near Alexandria by rail to Bull Run Bridge. Marched across Bull Run Bridge, and met a large force of the enemy, under General Jackson, 2 miles beyond, and was soon forced by vastly superior numbers to retire under a galling fire from the enemy's artillery. Marched back the same afternoon to Fairfax Court-House. The loss in killed, wounded, and missing in the engagement was very severe. Among these wounded was General George W. Taylor, who subsequently died of wounds then received.

August 29, the division left camp near Alexandria, and marched to Annandale, on the Little River pike, about 7 miles.

August 30, marched, via Fairfax Court-House and Centreville, toward Bull Run, and just at evening formed line of battle across the Warrenton pike, beyond Cub Run, to stop the stragglers that were then coming from the battle-field. Remained in position there all night, until the army had all retired. Marched this day about 18 miles.

August 31, fell back to Centreville and took position in the fortifications.

Numbers 118. Report of Colonel Alfred T. A. Torbert, First New Jersey Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations August 29-September 2.

HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, November 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this brigade in General Pope's campaign in Virginia:

This brigade-the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Regiments New Jersey Volunteers, about 1,600 strong-marched from Alexandria, Va., August 29; encamped at Benton's Tavern, on the Little River turnpike, about 7 miles.

August 30 marched to Fairfax Court-House. There received orders from General Slocum to leave four companies and picket all of the roads running out of that place, and to encamp with the balance of my brigade and Captain Hexamer's (New Jersey) battery on the Centreville pike, about 2 miles from Fairfax Court-House. Left four companies of First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Captain Baker, who carried out the above instructions. Encamped as above ordered and sent one company of the First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers to Germantown, on the Little River turnpike, and picketed from there across to the Centreville pike and a half mile beyond with detachments from my four regiments, the picket line running about half a mile in front of my position.

August 31 relieved the four companies of the First Regiment New Jersey Volunteers at Fairfax Court-House by six companies of the Second Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Major

