
Much credit is due to Major Duffy, Second Regiment, in command at Fairfax Court-House during al this time; Captain Dunham, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Wilson, Third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, and also Lieutenant Harrison, Second U. S. Cavalry, who acted as aide-de-camp until September 2.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Colonel, First Regiment N. J. Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 119. Report of Major William Henry, jr., First New Jersey Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.
HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,September 6, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order of this date I have the honor to report that on the 27th of August the regiment, in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Collect, with the brigade in command of Brigadier General G. W. Taylor, proceeded by the Orange and Alexandria Railroad from Camp California, 2 miles south of Alexandria, to Bul Run Bridge, on said road, whence the regiment on the right of the brigade marched to Manassas Plains, some 2 miles from the bridge, and encountered a large force of the enemy in formidable position on the heights. By order of the general commanding the left company of this regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Roberts, of Company C, were deployed as skirmishers 500 yards to the front, the enemy's skirmishers retiring. the regiment in close column of division deployed into line of battle, and by order of the general advanced to engage the enemy's artillery stationed in a redoubt directly in front, which, in connection with their artillery stationed ont he right, had opened upon our advancing force with a heavy discharge of round shot, shell, and grape, through which the regiment marched in good order, undaunted and defiant.

The enemy in the mean time had deployed a large force of cavalry and considerable infantry, exhibiting a strength that it was apparent our brigade was entirely inadequate to cope with, which being discovered by the general, he gave the order to fall back, the enemy' cavalry and infantry in the mean time advancing and attacking us in force. Column against cavalry was formed, and the brigade marched in good order to the rear. In the execution of this order, accomplished by a rapid movement, the principal part of our loss was sustained. Recrossing the railroad bridge over Bull Run, a portion of the regiment was filed to the left, with the order to hold the bridge, the enemy's infantry closely pursuing, and firing with comparatively insignificant effect from the right back of the stream diagonally across the bridge, which was replied to with good effect by our men.

After being thus engaged and holding the bridge for the space of about half an hour the Eleventh and Twelfth Regiments Ohio Volunteers, under command of Colonel Scammon, who assumed command of the combined forces, consisting of the First Brigade and two regiments of Ohio Volunteers (the Eleventh and Twelfth), General Taylor having received a wound which disabled him from duty, and being thus relieved by fresh regiments which had not been exposed to the enemy's fire, the undersigned, who was at this time in command, Lieutenant-

