
NOTE.-Instead of 14, 5000 men Banks had only about 8,000 from his report to me after the battle of Cedar mountain. (See correspondence on this subject with General Banks.)

Numbers 7. MIDDLETOWN, June 30, 1862-1.10 p. m.

Major-General POPE:

* * * The troops forming First Corps are not in good condition. They are weakened and poorly provided. The organization is not complete, and the whole cavalry forces consists of not more than 800 effective men and horses. They are scarcely sufficient for picket and patrol duty, so that I can hardly make a reconnaissance. * * *

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 8. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Culpeper Court-House, August 8, 1862-[10 p. m.]

Major-General HALLECK, Washington:

One division of the enemy (Elzey's) crossed the Rapidan to-day at Barnett's Ford, about 5 miles west of the railroad crossing, and eating at Robertson's River. This is probably a reconnaissance in force, but it may be possibly an advance upon Culpeper. One division of McDowell's and the whole of Banks' corps are here to-night. Sigel's will be here to-morrow morning, when I shall push the enemy again behind the Rapidan, and take up a strong position, as you suggest in your dispatch of this date. I will be very careful that my communications with Fredericksburg are not interrupted. We captured to-day about 40 prisoners from the enemy,

our loss being 1 cavalry soldier killed and 1 wounded.

I have directed King to march to-morrow, and cross the Rapidan on the plank road at Germania Mills, or Ely's Ford, just below it. It is about 35 miles from Fredericksburg to this point.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 9. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Culpeper Court-House, August 8, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding First Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me, in reply to your dispatch of this date (6.50 p. m.), inquiring what road you shall take, to say that you are to march direct to Culpeper Court-House by the turnpike. He is surprised that you make this inquiry after his definite instructions of this morning. He directs that you reach this point by 12 m. to-morrow.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

