
which point the enemy made a demonstration with cavalry, but risked no attack.

About 7.30 p. m. took position at the church near the station and remained there until 11.30 p. m., when, by order of Colonel Scammon, the senior colonel present, we took the railroad for Burke's Station and arrived within 2 miles of it, when we were ordered to return, the enemy having possession of that place, when we took the road to Fairfax Court-House until we reached the junction of the old Braddock road for Annandale, reaching there about daylight and the old camp near Alexandria about 9 o'clock a. m. of the 28th instant.

I am proud to state that the conduct of my command, both under the fire of the enemy and subsequently, was all that I could wish, and that every one, both officers and men, behaved in a manner worthy of the State to which they belong. I append a statement of the loss in the regiment. I regret to report the death of First Lieutenant I. H. Plume from a section of shell which took effect on the head, causing instant death. He fell gallantly urging his men forward, and was buried near the spot. Assistant Surgeon Clark, while attending the wounded on the field, was taken prisoner by the enemy, treated in the kindest manner, and released in a few hours without parole.

Regretting that time will not allow a more detailed account of the unfortunate manner in which the brigade was ordered into action and trusting the above will meet your approbation, I am, your obedient servant,

SAML. L. BUCK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT T. DUNHAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 121. Report of Colonel Henry W. Brown, Third New Jersey Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

HDQRS. 3rd Regiment N. J. V., 1ST DIV., 6TH CORPS, Camp Seminary, September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 27th ultimo, about 3 o'clock, orders were received to be ready to march immediately, and this regiment, which was then encamped at the foot of the hill near the Seminary, marched at daybreak to the railroad depot near Fort Ellsworth, where it was placed on the cars with the other regiments of the brigade, and the train moved off immediately. About 9 a. m. of the same day we came to a point on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad about a quarter of a mile this side (east) of Bull Run Bridge, where we found the road obstructed by the debris of cars from a collision the night before. The regiment left the cars and moved up the railroad, crossing Bull Run Bridge, when I filed to the left of the road and formed it by column of division on the high ground to the left of the track. Here I was ordered to relieve the men of tents, blankets, haversacks, &amp;c., and they were consequently thrown upon the ground.

From a little previous to 10 o'clock a. m. cannonading was heard on the front, and from the point we now occupied skirmishers were observed to our front and left. I now received orders to follow the Second

