
utmost gallantry, and showed the best qualities of soldiers by the quietude and steadiness of their retreat under a galling fire.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

H. W. BROWN,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT T. DUNHAM, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 122. Reports of Capts. Napoleon B. Aaronson and Thomas M. Fetters, Fourth New Jersey Infantry, of action at Bull Run Bridge.

CAMP CALIFORNIA, August 30, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order received from Brigadier-General Taylor on the morning of August 27, I marched the Fourth Regiment to the California Station of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, and proceeded by cars to an obstruction on said railroad 1 mile distant from Bull Run Bridge, where we left the cars and marched to the bridge, which I received orders from General Taylor to hold at all hazards, which I did till the general fell back with his command across the bridge in great confusion at about 11 o'clock. At the same time I received orders through Captain Dunham, assistant adjutant-general, to march my command down the road a distance of 3 miles, leaving three companies on a hill to the right of the road at the bridge. Having complied with the last order, Captain Dunham ordered me to halt and return. At this time (2 p. m.) I was compelled, from the effects of the sun, to give up the command of the regiment to Captain Fetters.

I regret to report the following casualties, viz: Captain Nippins and 5 men wounded and 5 men missing.

I have the honor to be, sir your obedient servant,

N. B. AARONSON,

Captain Company F, Fourth New Jersey Volunteers.

Lieutenant-Colonel HATCH,

Commanding Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

In continuation of the within [foregoing] permit me to make the following report:

I was ordered by Captain Aaronson about 2 p. m. on August 27 last to take command of the Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, then lying on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, about 1 mile below Bull Run Bridge, at the obstructions on the road, to which it had retreated. I received orders from Colonel Scammon's aide to march my command immediately back to the bridge in support of the Eleventh and Twelfth Ohio Regiments, then contending at the bridge against great odds. I ordered my command about and marched until near the bridge, when I was ordered to halt by Colonel Brown, he being in command of the brigade. He then ordered me to form a line of battle on the west side of the railroad, upon the banks of the road, facing the road, at which time Joseph Kelley, private in Company K, was wounded. I was then ordered by Colonel Brown to withdraw my command and follow the balance of the brigade down the road, which I did until we halted with the brigade at Fairfax Station. While resting at the station a small scout of cavalry made a dash at us, and without doing any damage fell

