
back rapidly and were seen no more. Colonel Brown then ordered the brigade to form and marched it to the church on the Fairfax Court-House road, where we halted and rested until about 11 p. m., when we were ordered to fall in, and marched back to Fairfax Station and then down the railroad. After marching about 1 1/2 miles our advanced guard discovered what they took to be the enemy's picket on the railroad, when we were ordered to about-face and returned back again to Fairfax Station, and then took the Fairfax Court-House road to the junction of the road leading to Burke's Station, then along said road until near the station, when we were informed that the rebels were in possession of Burke's Station, and we were again ordered to about-face and march back, which we did until we came to Annandale road, and took said road until we came to the Little River turnpike and down the turnpike to our camp, where we arrived about 11 o'clock on the 28th, the casualties being as within stated.

Sir, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. FETTERS,

Captain Company K, Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers.

Captain ROBERT T. DUNHAM, A. A. G., First New Jersey Brigade.

Numbers 123. Report of Major General Jesse L. Reno, U. S. Army, commanding detachment Ninth Army Corps, of skirmish at Clark's Mountain, August 18.
HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT NINTH ARMY CORPS, Cedar Creek, Va., August 18, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I sent, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Duryea, Second Regiment Maryland Volunteers, a force of 250 men to break up the rebel signal station on Clark's Mountain. The expedition left at 1 p. m. and arrived on the summit at daylight next morning. A small mounted force was found there, and a slight skirmish took place, in which several of the enemy were wounded and 2 captured. As soon as Colonel Duryea arrives I will send the prisoners to headquarters. They captured a signal flag and a memorandum book, from which it appears that Jackson's army is back of Clark's Mountain, probably in the vicinity of Orange Court-House.

I send herewith the book and other papers.

The cavalry has not yet returned.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,J. L. RENO,

Major-General, Commanding Detachment Ninth Army Corps.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Asst. Adjt. General, Chief of Staff, Army of Virginia.

Numbers 124. Itinerary of the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, Brigadier General Isaac I. Stevens commanding, August 4-31.*

August 4, division embarked on transports at Newport News, Va., and arrived at Aquia Creek August 5.

---------------

*From "Record of Events" on return for month of August, 1862.

---------------

