
August 6, disembarked and proceeded by railroad to Fredericksburg.

August 13, marched at 6 a. m., taking Culpeper road. Encamped near Deep Run, having marched 13 miles.

August 14, marched at 4 a. m., and encamped near Rappahannock Station, having marched 18 miles.

August 15, crossed Rappahannock River, marched through and encamped within 1 mile of Culpeper.

August 16, marched to Raccoon Ford, Rapidan River, 7 miles.

August 19, left Raccoon Ford at 1 a. m., crossed the Rappahannock at Barnett's Ford at 1 p. m., having marched 20 miles.

August 20, moved at 6 p. m., arriving at Kelly's Ford at 1 a. m. the 21st.

August 22, marched at 6 a. m. for Rappahannock Station.

August 23, marched 10 miles toward Sulphur Springs.

August 24, attacked at 1 a. m. by one of the enemy's batteries, which was soon silenced by Benjamin's battery. Encamped at Sulphur Springs.

August 25, marched to near Warrenton Junction via Warrenton.

August 26, marched 2 miles.

August 27, marched to Greenwich Church.

August 28, moved at 5 a. m. Encamped near Manassas Junction.

August 29, moved at 6 a. m., proceeded to Bull Run, became engaged about noon, and remained upon the battle-field during the night.

August 30, division covered retreat of our right wing, falling back to near Centreville.

August 31, moved out the Bull Run road about 1 mile, held the position all day. Enemy made their appearance in force, and were driven by Benjamin's battery. Division was relieved at dark, and encamped near to and west of Centreville.

Numbers 125. Report of Colonel James Nagle, Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of the battle of Groveton.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Alexandria, Va., September 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in the engagement of the 29th ultimo the troops under my command (composed of the Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixth New Hampshire, and Second Maryland) all behaved nobly, and deserve a great deal of credit for the manner in which they all came up to their work and drove the enemy from their intrenchments; but being overpowered and fired upon from concealed places, and particularly a heavy cross-fire from the left, which would have soon destroyed the whole command, I agreeably to orders, fell back, with a loss of 531 killed, wounded, and missing.

It is impossible for me to particularize any for their conduct, as all, both officers and men, were equally brave, and I take great pleasure in saying that I feel proud of my command.

35 R R-VOL XII, PT II

