
ARTILLERY.*

First Virginia Regiment.

Colonel J. T. BROWN.

Coke's battery (Williamsburg Artillery).

Dance's battery (Powhatan Artillery).

Hupp's battery (Salem Artillery).

Macon's battery (Richmond Fayette Arty).

Smith's battery (3rd Company, Richmond Howitzers).

Watson's battery (2nd Company, Richmond Howitzers).

Sumter (Georgia) Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel A. S. CUTTS.

Blackshear's battery (D).

Lane's battery (C).

Patterson's battery (B).

Ross' battery (A).

Miscellaneous Batteries.

Ancell's battery, Fluvanna (Virginia) Artillery.

Huckstep's (Virginia) battery.

Milledge's (Georgia) battery.

Page's (R. C. M.) Morris (Virginia) Artillery.

Peyton's battery, Orange (Virginia) Artillery.

Turner's (Virginia) battery.

No. 127. Reports of General Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Northern Virginia, of operations August 13-September 2.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, June 8, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith the report of the operations of this army from the time it crossed the Rappahannock through the battle of Manassas. Many of the sub-reports of these operations I have been obliged to retain, because they contain the narrative in part of the latter operations of the campaign. Of those operations succeeding the battle of Manassas I have not yet made a report, as I have not yet received full reports from Jackson's corps.

I am, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,R. E. LEE,

General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.

The victory at Cedar Run effectually checked the progress of the enemy for the time, but it soon became apparent that his army was being largely increased. The corps of Major-General Burnside from North Carolina, which had reached Fredericksburg, was reported to have moved up the Rappahannock a few days after the battle to unite with General Pope, and a part of General McClellan's army was believed to have left Westover for the same purpose. It therefore seemed that

---------------

*These artillery organizations were in the Army of Northern Virginia July 23, 1862. They were left in the vicinity of Richmond, Va., and did not rejoin the army until September 3, 1862.

---------------

