
Virginia Regiment, under Colonel Munford, supported by the Seventh and Twelfth, made a brilliant charge upon a brigade of the enemy's cavalry, Colonel Munford leading with great gallantry, and completely routed it. Many of the enemy were killed and wounded, more than 300 prisoners were captured, and the remainder pursued beyond Bull Run. The reports of General Stuart and the officers under his command, as well as that of General Jackson, are referred to for more complete details of these and other services of the cavalry.

Respectfully submitted.

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHEASTERN VIRGINIA,Chantilly, Va., September 3, 1862.

Mr. PRESIDENT: My letter of the 30th ultimo* will have informed Your Excellency of the progress of this army to that date. General Longstreet's division, having arrived the day previous, was formed in order of battle on the right of Genera Jackson, who had been engaged with the enemy since morning resisting an attack commenced on the 28th. The enemy on the latter day was vigorously repulsed, leaving his numerous dead and wounded on the field. His attack on the morning of the 29th was feeble, but became warmer in the afternoon, when he was again repulsed by both wings of the army, his loss on this day, as stated in his published report, herewith inclosed,* amounting to 8,000 killed and wounded. The enemy, being re-enforced, renewed the attack on the afternoon of the 30th, when a general advance of both wings of the army was ordered, and after a fierce combat, which raged until after 9 o'clock, he was completely defeated and driven beyond Bull Run. The darkness of the night, his destruction of the stone bridge after crossing, and the uncertainty of the fords stopped the pursuit.

The next morning the enemy was discovered in the strong position at Centreville, and the army was put in motion toward the Little River turnpike to turn his right.

Upon reaching Ox Hill, on September 1, he was again discovered in our front on the heights of Germantown, and about 5 p.m. made a spirited attack upon the front and right of our column, with a view of apparently covering the withdrawal of his trains on the Centreville road and masking his retreat. Our position was maintained with but slight loss on both sides. Major-General Kearny was left by the enemy dead on the field. During the night the enemy fell back to Fairfax Court-House, taking the roads, as reported to me, to Alexandria and Washington. I have as yet been unable to get official reports of our loss or captured in these various engagements. Many gallant officers have been killed or wounded. Of the general [officers], Ewell, Trimble; Taliaferro, Field, ---, [and] Mahone have been reported wounded; Colonels ---, Marshall, Baylor, Neff, and Gadberry killed. About 7,000 prisoners have already been paroled, about the same number of small-arms collected

from the field, and thirty pieces of cannon captured, besides a number of wagons, ambulances, &amp;c. A large number of arms still remain on the ground. For want of transportation valuable stores had to be destroyed as captured, while the enemy, at their various depots, are reported to have burned army millions of property in their retreat. Nothing could surpass the gallantry and endurance of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

