
General JACKSON:

What is result of movements on your left?

LEE.

Answer.

General LEE:

So far, enemy appear to be trying to get possession of a piece of woods to withdraw out of our sight.

JACKSON.

Terrific fighting now commences on the left and General Jackson sends for a division of Longstreet's command.

General JACKSON:

Do you still want re-enforcements?

LEE.

Some half hour elapses and General Jackson replies:

No; the enemy are giving way.

JACKSON.

General Lee now prepares to move and sends the following:

General JACKSON:

General Longstreet is advancing; look our for and protect his left flank.

LEE.

General Lee having moved his headquarters, I also removed the signal station.

J. L. BARTLETT.

No. 130. Report of Lieutenant General James Longstreet, C. S. Army, commanding First Corps, of operations August 16-September 2, including battles of Groveton and Manassas, &amp;c.

HEADQUARTERS, NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 10, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command in the late campaign:

In obedience to the orders of the commanding general the command marched from Gordonsville on August 16, crossing the Rapidan on the 20th at Raccoon Ford.

The next day at Kelly's Ford I received orders to move up the Rappahannock to Rappahannock Station. As we were withdrawing from Kelly's Ford the enemy crossed the river and made an attack upon the rear brigade (Featherston's), under the command of Colonel [Carnot] Posey. After a sharp skirmish Colonel Posey drove him back with considerable loss. Arriving at Rappahannock Station, General Hood, with his own and Whiting's brigade, was detached to relieve a portion of General Jackson's command at Freeman's Ford. About the moment that General Hood reached this ford the enemy crossed in considerable force and made an attack upon the commands of Brigadier-Generals Trimble and Hood. They, however, drove him back across the river in much confusion and with heavy loss.

Meanwhile I had ordered Colonel J. B. Walton to place his batteries in

