
was severely wounded at the close of the engagement. Brigadier General C. M. Wilcox, at Manassas Plains on August 29 and 30; afterward absent, sick. Brigadier-General [Richard B.] Garnett, at Boonsborough and Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General Evans, on the plains of Manassas both on August 29 and 30, and at Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General [James L.] Kemper, at Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General [John B.] Hood and Cols. E. M. Law and W. T. Wofford, at Manassas Plains on August 29 and 30, Boonsborough, and at Sharpsburg on the 16th and 17th. Colonel G. T. Anderson, commanding D. R. Jones' brigade, at Thoroughfare Gap, Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Brigadier-General [William] Mahone, at Manassas Plains, where he received a severe wound. Brigadier General R. A. Pryor, at Sharpsburg. Brigadier General M. Jenkins, at Manassas Plains on August 29 and 30; on the last day severely wounded. Colonels [Eppa] Hunton, M. D. Corse, [William D.] Stuart, P. F. Stevens, John C. Hately (severely wounded), and [Joseph] Walker (commanding Jenkins' brigade after the latter was wounded), at Manassas Plains, Boonsborough, and Sharpsburg. Colonel Posey, at Manassas Plains and Sharpsburg, where he commanded Featherson's brigade. Colonel Henry L. Benning, at Manassas Plains and Sharpsburg. At Sharpsburg, Captain M. B. Miller, of the Washington Artillery, was particularly distinguished. Colonel Walton, of the Washington Artillery, at Rappahannock Station, Manassas Plains (August 29), and Sharpsburg; and Major [John J.] Garnett, at Rappahannock Station. Lieutenant-Colonels [Fred. G.] Skinner and [Morton] Marey, at Manassas Plains, where they were both severely wounded; and Major R. L. Walker, at Thoroughfare Gap and Manassas Plains. In the latter engagement this gallant officer was mortally wounded.

It is with no common feeling that I recount the loss at Manassas Plains of Cols. J. M. Gadberry, Eighteenth South Carolina; [John H.] Means, Seventeenth South Carolina; [John V.] Moore, Second South Carolina; [Thomas J.] Glover, First South Carolina; W. T. Wilson, Seventh Georgia, and Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Upton, Fifth Texas. At Boonsborough, Colonel J. B. Strange, Nineteenth Virginia Volunteers, and Lieutenant Colonel O. K. McLemore, Fourth Alabama; and at Sharpsburg, Colonel P. F. Liddell, Eleventh Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel Coppens [Louisiana Battalion] and Lieutenant-Colonel [William R.] Holmes, Second Georgia Volunteers. These valuable and gallant officers fell in the unflinching performance of their duty, bravely and successfully heading their commands in the thickets of the fight.

To my staff officers-Major G. M. Sorrel, assistant adjutant-general, who was wounded at Sharpsburg; Lieutenant Colonel P. T. Manning, chief of ordnance; Major J. W. Fairfax; Major Thomas Walton, who was also wounded at Sharpsburg; Captain Thomas Goree and Lieutenant R. W. Blackwell-I am under renewed and lasting obligations. These officers, full of courage, intelligence, patience, and experience, were able to give directions to commands such as they thought proper, which were at once approved and commanded my admiration.

Lieutenant-Colonel Blount volunteered his services to me at Boonsborough, and was both there and at Sharpsburg of material service to me.

The medical department, in charge of Surgeon Cullen, were active and unremitting in the care of the wounded, and have my thanks for their humane efforts.

My part of couriers were zealous, active, and brave. They are justly

