
the Rappahannock instead of Marsh Creek. I have accordingly occupied advanced and commanding positions on the south side of the river, and have three bridges, besides the fords, to connect with them. The main body of my command is posted along the north side of the river, having easy access to the front. I have masked the fords above and below me with infantry, cavalry, and artillery, and have no concern about any attack in the front, though, as previously suggested, my right can be turned at considerable distance above me. This, however, will require time, and will be, besides, a hazardous operation. We drew back behind the Rappahannock in perfect order, without leaving any article wherever.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

Numbers 18. [From War Department, Washington, August 21, 1862.] UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH.

General POPE:

I have just sent General Burnside's reply. General Cox's forces are coming on from Parkersburg, and will be here to-morrow and the next day. Dispute every inch of ground, and fight like the devil till we can re-force you. Forty-eight hours more and we can make you strong enough. Don't yield and inch if you can help it.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in- Chief.

Numbers 19. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Rappahannock Station, August 22, 1862-12 m.

COMMANDING OFFICER, Warrenton junction:

Keep your cavalry scouring the woods all around you and watching the roads, and pick up stragglers. You will keep them under guard at Catlett's Station or use them for fatigue duty.

By order of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 20. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Rappahannock Station, August 22, 1862-12 m. (Received 1.15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

The number of stragglers leaving this army just now, and the ease with which they escape, are becoming serious. Can they not be arrested and confined in prison at Washington, as I have not at present the means to bring them here or to keep them when I get them?

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

Numbers 21. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, August 22, 1862-10.50 a. m. (Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

It is very apparent that the enemy is moving with a view of turning

