
the field and won for himself renewed honors by the handsome manner he handled his batteries, and for the good judgment and coolness he displayed under the heavy fire of the enemy to which he was subjected during four hours without intermission.

I inclose herewith Captain Miller's report (A)* and that of Captain Squires (B)+ (of the operations on the right) for reference and for particulars, to which I respectfully ask the attention of the general commanding.

The object sought to be attained by this engagement, I am happy to say, was fully accomplished, by driving the enemy from all his positions before night-fall and causing him to withdraw from our front entirely during the night.

I have to lament the loss in this engagement of a zealous, brave, and most efficient officer in Lieutenant Isaac W. Brewer, Third Company Washington Artillery, who fell at the head of his section at the moment it was being withdrawn from the field, and of many non-commissioned officers and privates.

The officers and men in all the batteries engaged are deserving the highest praise for their gallantry upon the field. The attention of the general commanding is respectfully directed to those named particularly in the reports of Captains Miller and Squires.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to Captain Miller and his brave company for the stubborn and unflinching manner [in] which they fought the enemy's batteries in such superior force and position on the left, and to Captains Squires, Stribling, and Lieutenants Landry and Chapman on the right.

I am indebted to Captain [J. J.] Middleton [jr.], of Brigadier-General Drayton's staff; to Lieutenant Williams, of General D. R. Jones' staff, and to Lieutenant William M. Owen, adjutant Washington Artillery, all of whom were constantly with me under fire during the engagement, for their valuable assistance and zealous, fearless conduct on the field. There are none more brave or more deserving consideration than these gentlemen.

I annex a list of casualties (C)++ and have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Right Wing.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 30, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to transmit the following report of the operations of the Battalion Washington Artillery, of New Orleans, under my command, from August 29 to 31 last, at and after the second battle of Manassas:

On August 29 the four batteries composing the battalion were assigned and serving as follows: The Fourth Company, consisting [of] two 6-pounder bronze guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, under Captain B. F. Eshleman, Lieutenants [J.] Norcom, [H. A.] Battles, and [G. E.]

---------------

*See No. 134.

+See No. 132.

++Embodied in inclosure to Longstreet's report. See p.568.

---------------

