
Apps, with Pickett's brigade; the Second Company, with two 6-pounder bronze guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, under Captain [J. B.] Richardson, Lieutenants [Samuel] Hawes, [G. B.] De Russy, and [J. D.] Britton, with Toomb's brigade; the First Company, with three 3-inch rifle guns, under Captain C. W. Squires, Lieuts. E. Owen, [John M.] Galbraith, and [C. H. C.] Brown, and the Third Company with four light 12-pounder guns (Napoleons), under Captain M. B. Miller, Lieutenants [Frank] McElroy and [Andrew] Hero [jr.], in reserve.

At noon on the 29th the two batteries in reserve, having halted near the village of Gainesville, on the Warrenton and Centreville turnpike, were ordered forward by General Longstreet to engage the enemy, then in our front and near the village of Groveton. Captains Miller and Squires at once proceeded to the position indicated by the general and opened fire upon the enemy's batteries. Immediately in Captain Miller's front he discovered a battery of the enemy distant about 1,200 yards. Beyond this battery and on a more elevated position were posted the enemy's rifle batteries. He opened upon the battery nearest him, and after a spirited engagement of three-fourths of an hour completely silenced it and compelled it to leave the field. He then turned his attention to the enemy's rifle batteries, and engaged them until, having exhausted his ammunition, he retired from the field. Captain Squires, on reaching his position on the left of Captain Miller's battery, at once opened with his usual accuracy upon the enemy's batteries. Unfortunately, after the first fire one of his guns, having become disabled by the blowing out of the bushing of the vent, was sent from the field. Captain Squires then placed the remaining section of his battery under command of Lieutenant Owen, and rode to the left to place additional guns that had been sent forward to his assistance in position. At this time the enemy's infantry were engaged by the forces on the left of the position occupied by our batteries, and while the enemy retreated in confusion before the charge of our veterans the section under Lieutenant Owen poured destructive fire into their affrighted ranks. Scores were seen to fall, until finally the once beautiful line melted confusedly into the woods. The enemy's artillery having withdrawn beyond our range, the section was ordered from the field. Both batteries, the First and Third, in this action fully maintained their well-earned reputation for skillful practice and gallant behavior. With this duel ended the operations on the left of our line for the day.

The next morning (August 30) the Second Company, Captain J. B. Richardson, was ordered forward its position on the Manassas Gap Railroad to join its brigade (Toombs'), then moving forward toward the enemy. Captain Richardson pushed forward until, arriving near the Chinn house, he was informed that our infantry had charged and taken a battery near that position, but owing to heavy re-enforcements thrown forward by the enemy were unable to hold it without the assistance of artillery. He immediately took position on the left of the Chinn house and opened on the enemy, who were advancing rapidly in large numbers. After firing a short time he moved his battery forward about 400 yards and succeeded in holding the captured battery of four Napoleons, forcing the enemy back and compelling a battery immediately in his front, and which was annoying greatly our infantry, to retire. He then turned the captured guns upon their late owners, and at night brought them from the field, with their horses and harness.

Captain Richardson in his report makes special mention for gallantry of Privates J. B. Cleveland and W. W. Davis, who were the first to

