
reach the captured battery, and, with the assistance of some infantry, fired nearly 25 rounds before being relieved by their comrades. Lieutenant Hawes had his horse shot under during the battle.

While Richardson, with the Second, was doing such gallant service near the Chinn house, Eshleman, with the Fourth, with his short range guns, was doing good work in the same neighborhood. Following his brigade (Pickett's), he shelled the woods in their front while they advanced in line of battle against the enemy, whose skirmishers were seen on the edge of the wood. Finding it would be impracticable to follow the brigade, owing to the broken nature of the ground, he passed rapidly to the right and front, going into battery and firing from every elevated position from which he could enfilade the enemy, until he had passed entirely to the right of General Jones' position. He now held a most desirable position (overlooking nearly the whole space in front of the Chinn house), from which his shells fell into the ranks of the enemy with great execution. A persistent attack on the front and flank drove the enemy back into the woods; and now the immense clouds of dust rising from the Centreville road indicated that he was in full retreat. He was directed by General D. R. Jones to move forward and to shell the wood and road, which he continued to do until directed by General J. E. B. Stuart to send a section of his battery to the hill in front of the Conrad house to fire into a column of cavalry advancing in his rear. The section under Lieutenant Norcom was detached and took position on the left of the Conrad house and fired into the enemy until directed to cease by General Stuart, his object having been accomplished. The remaining section of the battery, under Lieutenant Battles, was then ordered by Captain Eshleman across the Sudley road, firing as it advanced into the retreating enemy. At this time Captain Eshleman's only support was one company of 60 men of General Jenkins' sharpshooters, under Captain Lee. After a short interval the enemy again appeared in force near the edge of the woods. Captain Eshleman immediately changed his front to the left and poured into the enemy's ranks two rounds of canister with deadly effect. Those not killed or wounded ran in disorder. After throwing a few shells into the woods Captain Eshleman retired about 200 yards to the rear, being unwilling to risk his section with such a meager support. In a few minutes an order was brought from General Stuart, directing the section to be brought again to the vicinity of the Conrad house. It was now dark, and Captain Eshleman kept up from this last position a moderate fire until 9 o'clock in the direction of the Centreville road, when he was directed to retire with Lieutenant Norcom's section, that had joined him on the field, and rest his men.

Captain Eshleman in his report applauds highly the conduct of his officers, non-commissioned officers, and men, to whose coolness and judgment he was indebted for the rapid evolutions of his battery and precision of his fire.

The next day (August 31) Lieutenant Owen, with two guns of the First Company, accompanied General Stuart, commanding cavalry, in pursuit of the enemy to and beyond Germantown. They came up with the enemy at several points, driving him ahead of them and capturing 500 prisoners.

Captain Squires on the same day, with one gun, accompanied Colonel Rosser to Manassas, going in rear of the enemy, capturing a large amount of stores (quartermaster's and surgical), ambulances, horses, &amp;c.

My casualties in this battle were 1 killed (Private H. N. White, of Second Company) and 9 wounded.

