
Thus ended the operations of this battalion in this great second battle of Manassas, fought almost on the same ground and in sight of the field where our guns first pealed forth a little more than a year before.

I have the satisfaction, in conclusion, to say that all the officers and men gave in this important battle renewed evidence of their devotion, judgment, and cool bravery in most trying positions. No eulogy of mine can add to the reputation they so worthily enjoy, earned upon bloody fields.

I am under obligations to Lieutenant W. M. Owen, my always-devoted and brave adjutant, for distinguished services under fire, and to Color-Sergeant Montgomery, whom I detailed to assist me on the several days, for cool bravery and gallant deportment in carrying orders in face of the enemy during the first and second days.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

J. B. WALTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Right Wing, Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 132. Report of Captain C. W. Squires, Washington Artillery, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

BIVOUAC NEAR MARTINSBURG, VA., September 22, 1862.

COLONEL: Early on the morning of August 23 the artillery, composed of the First Company Washington Artillery, four 3-inch rifles [and] Captain Stribling's battery, three Napoleon guns and one 3-inch rifle, marched in the direction of the hill opposite to Rappahannock Station, which you had previously ordered should be occupied by these batteries. While en route Major J. J. Garnett informed me that the infantry which was to support the artillery was late in forming, and ordered me to place the guns under cover until the support should arrive.

Shortly after the brigade of General Evans came up and took position. In the mean time Lieutenant Chapman reported with a section of the Dixie Artillery, composed of one Napoleon gun and one 3-inch rifle gun. Major Garnett ordered me to place the batteries in line in rear of the hill which in your reconnaissance you had determined should be occupied by the artillery which was to form the right of the line of fire. The batteries were formed in line from right to left in the following order: First Company Washington Artillery, four 3-inch rifle guns; Dixie Artillery, one Napoleon guns and one 3-inch rifle. This head scarcely been accomplished when the signal was given from your position to commence firing, which was quickly responded to by the enemy. The combat was briskly carried on by the artillery directly in our front for half an hour, when the enemy placed a battery on the extreme left, and had partly succeeded in enfilading our batteries, when I withdrew the section of Lieutenant Galbraith and directed him to engage the enemy on the left, in order to keep him from enfilading our position, which object Lieutenant

