
assistance with [of] some men belonging to the infantry turned them on the enemy.

Very respectfully,

J. B. RICHARDSON,

Captain, Commanding Second Company Batt. Washington Artillery.

Colonel H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 134. Report of Captain M. B. Miller, Washington Artillery, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

BIVOUAC NEAR MARTINSBURG, W. VA., September 23, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on the morning of August 23 ultimo, pursuant to your orders I proceeded with my battery of four smooth-bore Napoleon 12-pounders to a point on the right of an near the road to Beverly Ford, on the Rappahannock River, and distant about 1,000 yards from the river. My position on a hill sloping toward the river was not such a one as I would have desired, though doubtless the best the locality afforded. At sunrise I discovered a battery of the enemy in position immediately in our front on a hill on the north side of the river, and I opened on it with spherical case. The enemy replied briskly and for half an hour the firing was very spirited. During this time I was considerably annoyed by an enfilading fire of a long-range battery posted to our right and entirely beyond our range. After nearly an hour's engagement I was gratified to notice that the fire of the battery in our front had perceptibly slackened-indeed, almost entirely ceased. Up to this time but one of my men had been wounded and two horses killed. The batteries supporting me on my left at this juncture retired from the field, subjecting me to a galling cross-fire from the enemy's rifle battery in their front. I immediately changed front on the left and replied. The enemy, having our exact range, fired with terrible precision and effect. For some time we maintained this unequal conflict, when, having nearly exhausted my ammunition and agreeably to your orders, I retired by half battery from the field.

I have to mourn the loss of a gallant officer in the person of First Lieutenant Isaac W. Brewer, who was killed just as he was taking his section from the field. Throughout the fight he managed his section with consummate ability and fell while cheering his men. The service has lost no braver officer.

My casualties were: Killed, 4; wounded, 10; 21 horses killed; 356 rounds ammunition expended.

I would be pleased to pay a tribute to the coolness and intrepidity of my command, but when [all] acted so well it were invidious to particularize. I should be wanting in my duty, however, were I do not mention Lieutenants [Andrew] Hero, jr., and [Frank] McElroy, and my non-commissioned officers-Sergeants McNeill, Handy, Collins, Ellis, and Stocker, and Corporals Coyle, Kremmelberg, Pettis, and De Blanc-who by their coolness and close attention to duty contributed not a little to the efficiency of my battery.

Respectfully,

M. B. MILLER,

Captain, Commanding Third Company Batt. Washington Artillery.

Colonel J. B. WALTON,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Right Wing.

