
artillery and driven back to the woods. After the reserves failed to reach the front or attacking columns they were repulsed and endeavored to rally in the open field, but the range of every part of the field was obtained, and a few discharges broke them in confusion and sent them back to the woods. Finding that my batteries were troubling them, they attempted to charge them, three regiments starting for them. They were repulsed, some of their dead being within 200 yards of the guns. While firing on the infantry two batteries of the enemy were firing on us, but generally overshot us. Our position was an admirable one and the guns were well served. Two of my batteries were firing for the first time, but did remarkably well.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of officers and men under my command. All behaved well, exhibiting coolness and courage. I would mention the following officers as having specially attracted my attention by their good conduct, viz: Major Del. Kemper, who had his right arm shattered by a Minie ball; Lieutenant and Adjt. W. H. Kemper, Capts. J. S. Taylor, [T. C.] Jordan, [W. W.] Parker, and [J. L.] Eubank; Lieutenant [William] Elliott, commanding [A. B.] Rhett's battery; Lieutenants Taylor, [S. C.] Gilbert, [J. T.] Brown, [W. W.] Fickling, and Oakham, the latter of [C. F.] Grimes' battery, with two Parrotts attached.

Casualties as follows: Six wounded.*

Respectfully submitted.

S. D. LEE,

Colonel Arty, C. S. Army, Commanding Battalion Light Artillery.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of Northern Virginia.

No. 136. Report of Major General David R. Jones, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations August 15-September 2.

RICHMOND, VA., December 8, 1862.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of my division and of the part it performed in the engagements of the campaign in Northern Virginia and Maryland. Serious illness and absence from the field has delayed its appearance till now:

On August 15 last the division I commanded reached Gordonsville by rail and encamped near that place, marching thence and crossing Rapidan River on the 18th.

On the 23rd, under orders from General Longstreet, I advanced Drayton's brigade on the road leading to Beverly Ford, on the Rappahannock River, in support of the Washington Artillery, sending Anderson's brigade to the right, in direction of railroad bridge, with orders to report to General Evans, supporting artillery in that direction. Fire was to be opened on the enemy's batteries simultaneously. Anderson's brigade, being under command of General Evans, will figure in his report. Drayton's brigade, supported by Toombs' brigade, commanded by Colonel Benning, of Seventeenth Georgia, took no part in the action which ensued (the river not being fordable in their front) and suffering but few casualties.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

