
On the 25th I took position in front of Waterloo Bridge, sending forward a regiment of sharpshooters from Drayton's brigade, which, engaging the enemy across the river, suffered some slight loss.

Crossing the Rappahannock River, I reached Thoroughfare Gap on the 28th, and under orders from General Longstreet sent forward the Ninth Georgia Regiment, Anderson's brigade, into the Gap, following it with my whole division, which I disposed of by placing Anderson's brigade on the hills to the left, with Drayton's brigade and two regiments of Toombs' brigade on the hills to the right, holding the other two regiments of Toombs' brigade in reserve. The Ninth Georgia drove out some few of the enemy's skirmishers, who fell back on their main body, then seen advancing from the woods in front of the Gap, and taking position on the plateau parallel with the mountain range and distant therefrom about half a mile. They appeared before my disposition of troops had been completed, and opened a very heavy fire of artillery on the road and on the mountain sides, flanking it. Having no artillery to reply with, there being no position in which it could be placed, so far as I had been able to reconnoiter the ground, the enemy advanced his guns to a point but little over 300 yards from the entrance to the Gap, and made heavy demonstrations on the right and left, bringing him in contact with Anderson's brigade on the left, which repulsed him in most gallant style and with heavy loss. In this encounter the First Georgia Regulars greatly distinguished themselves.

On the right the demonstration resulted only in skirmishing. After the repulse of his efforts at flanking, the enemy withdrew his artillery to the plateau on which he had at first appeared, and kept up a very heavy fire till dark, when, appearances indicating his retreat, I advanced my command and bivouacked beyond the Gap unmolested by the enemy. The intense darkness and ignorance of the fords over the creek in my front prevented pursuit.

My entire loss in this engagement was not more than 25. The number of the enemy engaged amounted to over 11,000, under the command of General Ricketts, as appeared from the Northern papers. My division of three brigades was alone engaged on our side.

Early on the morning of the 29th I took up the line of march in the direction of the old battle ground of Manassas, whence heavy firing was heard. Arriving on the ground about noon, my command was stationed on the extreme right of our whole line, and during the balance of the day was subjected to shelling, resulting in but few casualties.

On the morning of the 30th slight alterations were made in the disposition of my command, throwing it more forward and to the right, the battle meanwhile raging fiercely on the left. About 5 o'clock in the afternoon my command was ordered forward. I brought it up, with the exception of Drayton's brigade, which was detained by a report from Captain Rosser, of the cavalry, on the extreme right, that the enemy were attempting to flank our line in that direction. I took position near the Chinn house with the brigades of Toombs and Anderson,and anticipating what my orders would be (General Longstreet not being then near me), and seeing the great results within reach, I pushed them forward upon the enemy, designing with Drayton's brigade to turn and completely sweep the right of the field. The two brigades went in most gallantly, suffering severe loss. Again and again did I send for Drayton, who, after delaying till he heard the unfounded nature of the report on which he acted, hurried up at speed and went in on the right only a few moments before firing ceased at dusk, too late

