
No. 138. Reports of Captain A. McC. Lewis, Second Georgia Infantry, of engagement at Thoroughfare Gap and battle of Manassas.

OCTOBER 2, 1862.

COLONEL: In the absence of the commanding officer of the Second Regiment Georgia Volunteers it becomes my duty to report the part taken by this regiment in the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap, August 26 [28]:

On arriving at the Gap it was ascertained that the enemy was posted in considerable force on the opposite side for the purpose of disputing our passage. Our brigade was ordered forward to take a position on the mountain to the right of the Gap, and as we entered the Gap we heard heavy musketry firing in front and hurried forward. Colonel Benning, who commanded the brigade, led the Second and Twentieth Regiments in person up the side of the mountain to the right, and put them in position to repel any attack the enemy might make from that direction. When we got into position we saw the enemy advancing to get possession of the mountain. Their skirmishers had already commenced the ascent of the hill, and they were preparing to plant three batteries upon the hills in our front and a little to our right. We immediately deployed skirmishers in our front and on our right, as did the Twentieth also, which was in position on our left. Our skirmishers opened fire upon the enemy, driving back his skirmishers, compelling him to draw off his batteries and fall back from his position. Immediately after we took our position on the mountain one of the enemy's batteries, planted on the left of the gorge, opened upon us with shell and spherical case, but fortunately without doing us any injury.

About sunset, the enemy's skirmishers having been driven from the front and the batteries withdrawn, we were ordered to advance, and proceeded down the side of the mountain and across the open field to the hills where the enemy had attempted to plant his batteries, but we could find no enemy in our front. We were now ordered to support Drayton's brigade in a charge upon the batteries to the left of the road, and which had kept up a pretty constant fire of shell down the Gap; force retreated in the direction of Manassas.

No casualties in our regiment in this engagement.

A. McC. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding Second Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

OCTOBER 2, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders I herewith transmit to you a report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of Manassas, August 29 [30]:

Our brigade was drawn up in line of battle on the right, and about 3 p.m. we were ordered to advance in quick-time in the direction of the firing. On arriving upon the field the Twentieth Georgia was directed by Colonel Benning against a battery upon a hill some 400 yards distant. The Second advanced in line and upon the right of the Twentieth, which threw us in a ravine upon the right of the battery. Lieutenant-Colonel Holmes, who was in command of the regiment, led it across the ravine and put it in position in a skirt of timber. From this position we opened fire upon the enemy around the battery, which

