
they were making a desperate effort to hold. They returned our fire for some time and then began to fall back. Colonel Holmes then gave the order to cease firing and advance. We pursued the enemy from our position near the Chinn house in the direction of the turnpike and to within 200 or 300 yards of the stone house. The enemy we were in pursuit of now disappeared, having been driven from the field entirely and in great disorder.

We now saw a fresh brigade of the enemy advancing off to our right and flanking us. We changed front and opened fire upon them, throwing them into confusion; but they soon rallied and again advanced in the same direction, evidently with the intention of flanking us, to prevent which Colonel Holmes, as we were considerably in advance of all our supports, ordered us to fall back until we got upon a line with the Fifteenth and Seventeenth, they being still hotly engaged in the timber to our right. We fell back to our position on the left of these two regiments. We had driven the enemy in our front entirely from the field, and they did not again advance in that direction. The brigade which had attempted to flank us on the right now engaged the Fifteenth and Seventeenth in the timber, and was repulsed by these two regiments.

It was now growing dark, and we were ordered out to reform the brigade by General Toombs, who had just arrived upon the field. Our brigade was formed near the spring, to the right of the Chinn house, and slept upon the battle-field within 100 yards of the timber when the firing ceased.

We carried into the battle 163 men; our loss was 2 killed and 53 wounded.

A. McC. LEWIS,

Captain, Commanding Second Regiment Georgia Volunteers.

No. 139. Report of Major P. J. Shannon, Fifteenth Georgia Infantry, of the battle of Manassas.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 13, 1862.

I have the honor of submitting through you to Colonel Benning, commanding brigade, the following report of the portion of the engagement that my regiment was engaged in on August 30, at the battle of Manassas:

On the day previous to the engagement we were assigned the position we occupied a portion of the day of the fight. Two companies (G and K) had been detached as skirmishers on the right of our position and near the Manassas Gap Railroad the day before the fight and remained there during a portion of the 30th. A third company (B) was ordered forward as skirmishers in front of the regiment, and occupied a position near a house about 600 yards from the enemy's line. Remained in that position until 4 p.m., when the whole line was ordered to advance. The company of advance skirmishers joined the regiment when we arrived at that point. We continued the march for a distance of 1 1/4 miles across an old field, exposed to a deadly fire of grape near the enemy's line we changed direction by the right flank across a small

