
stream into a skirt of woods. The we moved forward by the left flank through the woods toward a road that skirted and ran parallel with the woods, in the mean time encountering a deadly fire from the enemy's battery immediately in front of our position and heavy musketry. We marched on, however, until we gained the road, with our right resting near the summit of the hill or elevation. We received orders to lie down and fire. On discovering that the enemy were about to turn our right we were ordered to fire by the right oblique, which we did with great havoc to the enemy. The troops on our right being forced to fall back before vastly superior numbers, we had to fall back about 150 or 200 yards and then change direction by the left flank; recrossed the branch, and ascended the hill across the old field immediately on the left of our position in the wood, all of which was done in good order, notwithstanding the continuous fire of grape, canister, and musketry to which we were ever exposed. After reforming we then joined the Twentieth Georgia in the pine thicket on the left of the old field and nearly on a line with our position in the road, where we remained under the shell and shot of the enemy until late in the evening, when we received orders to fall back to our original position in the morning. Very soon after we were met by General Toombs and ordered to the spring. It is but just to state that we never received such orders until the fight was over.

The companies of skirmishers detailed the day previous were not relieved in time to join the regiment for the advance. One of these companies (G), after being relieved, joined General Wright's brigade, entered the field, and fought with it until the battle ceased. The other company (K), being farther on the right, failed to reach the field in time to participate in the engagement. Officers and men behaved gallantly.

In consequence of the death of Colonel Millican, it is impossible to [give] a more correct account of the engagement.

Very respectfully,

P. J. SHANNON,

Major, Commanding Fifteenth Georgia.

Lieutenant MOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 140. Report of Captain Stephen Z. Hearnsberger, Fifteenth Georgia Infantry, of the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 2, 1862.

I have the honor to submit through you to Colonel Benning, commanding brigade, the following report of the part my regiment was ordered to take at the battle of Thoroughfare Gap, on August 27 [28]:

The regiment was moving by the right flank on the Manassas Gap Railroad track when it was fired upon by the enemy; were then ordered to move to a road crossing a creek, and leaving the track to our left, formed line of battle in the road facing the track and ordered to lie down, where we remained until dark, when the firing ceased. While being in line of battle we were exposed to enfilading fire from the enemy's artillery.

