
Colonel Millican, who was commanding regiment at the time, has since been killed, and I am therefore unable to furnish a more satisfactory report.

Very respectfully,

STEPHEN Z. HEARNSBERGER,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant MOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 141. Report of Captain John A. McGregor, Seventeenth Georgia Infantry, of the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap, which took place August 27 [28], between the enemy and our troops. My regiment, the Seventeenth Georgia, at that time was commanded by Major John H. Pickett, who was afterward wounded at Manassas (second), in consequence of which he was unable to make a report; the duty therefore falls upon myself, being second in command:

The Seventeenth, together with the balance of General Longstreet's command, reached the Gap about 4 p.m. after a tedious march. The Seventeenth Georgia and Fifteenth Georgia were immediately ordered to take position, and accordingly occupied the Gap. As we entered the Gap the enemy opened a terrific fire of shell upon us; still we pushed forward and took position near their lines, their sharpshooters killing and wounding several of my men. Our position was a very critical one, as we were ordered to simply hold it, which as we did the enemy kept up a terrible fire, which seemed to be from two positions. At the same time their sharpshooters, posted considerably fatal to us; still, our position was kept and every man stood firm, except the unfortunate who were either killed or wounded. About this time the Second and Twentieth Georgia (the balance of our brigade) were seen by us ascending the mountain upon which their sharpshooters were posted, and as they reached the summit the enemy were seen to give way; but a sharp engagement there ensued between the Second, Twentieth (commanded by yourself), and the enemy. During the most of this time Colonel Anderson, acting brigadier-general, had engaged them on our left, and a sharp engagement ensued. The enemy were repulsed on both heights and their batteries silenced about sunset, and we marched through the Gap that night and encamped near the Gap, the enemy, to my great astonishment, having stampeded, leaving many dead on the field, our own loss being 1 killed and 7 wounded; another died in a few hours afterward.

JOHN A. McGREGOR,

Captain, Commanding Seventeenth Georgia Volunteers.

Colonel H. L. BENNING,

Commanding First Brigadier, First Div., Army Northern Virginia.

