
ascertained the true position of the enemy, which caused us to change somewhat the direction of our fire.

To the officers and men are due much praise for the day's victory. May they ever, as I know they will, do their whole duty.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

HIRAM L. FRENCH,

Captain, Commanding Seventeenth Georgia Regiment.

Colonel H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Toombs' Brigade.

P. S.-I have omitted to mention one incident that occurred, which I deem proper here to do. It is this: Soon after our engagement, to our great satisfaction we unexpectedly met our gallant commander, Brigadier-General Toombs, who, anticipating a fight, had ridden hard all day. He was greeted with three hearty cheers, replying, "Boys, I am proud of the report given me of you to General Jones. I could not be with you to-day, but this was owing to no fault of mine. To-morrow I lead you."

No. 143. Report of Major J. D. Waddell, Twentieth Georgia Infantry, of the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap and battle of Manassas.

SEPTEMBER 29, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions I have the honor to submit a report of the part borne by the Twentieth Regiment of Georgia Volunteers in the engagement at Thoroughfare Gap on the evening of the 28th and at Manassas on the 30th ultimo.

On approaching Thoroughfare Gap, the Twentieth Georgia being the advance regiment of the brigade (Toombs'), I was ordered to proceed and take possession of the heights on our right, for which it was understood the enemy, already partially in position on the left, were making. The regiment advanced toward the position indicated with commendable celerity, subjected to a galling fire of artillery and infantry, in open view for some 200 yards, when we reached the cover of the hill. Immediately throwing forward a company of skirmishers, with orders to gain the summit with all possible expedition, I led the regiment to their support at a distance of less than 30 yards. On reaching the top the enemy's skirmishers were discovered advancing from the opposite side and distant from the crest not exceeding 40 yards. These were driven back precipitately by my skirmishers, under command of Lieutenant Thomas. On discovering that the enemy's skirmishers were supported by two full regiments of infantry I at once ordered forward all the men armed with guns of long range in the command, numbering some 60, and directed such as were armed with the smooth-bore musket to take shelter from the artillery fire of the enemy to which they were exposed behind the crest of the hill. I required but a few moments of well-directed fire to drive their infantry in wild disorder and rout from the base of the hill across the open plain until they gained the wood beyond the range of our guns; nor could any effort of force or entreaty by officers induce those regiments to make a second attempt to dispossess us. They, however, soon attempted to

