
Carter, and [J. T.] Hammack were wounded-none, I am happy to say, dangerously.

Instances of individual valor and gallantry were many. Although I could detect no lack of constancy or courage in any officer or soldier on the field, I should do injustice to highly meritorious conduct not to express my admiration of the determined courage and intelligent skill displayed by Captain Seago, senior captain, assisting me as field officer, and Lieutenant W. N. Hutchings, acting adjutant.

Captains [H. C.] Mitchell, Blance, Denny, [A. B.] Ross, and [R. D.] Little, and Lieutenants Fontained, [W. W.] Breazeal, [J. A.] Maddox, [W. L.] Abbott, and [John B.] Richards are deserving of especial mention. The two first mentioned bore themselves with conspicuous gallantry.

Color-Bearer James Broderick was shot down at the instant of planting the colors in front of the belching cannon. Private Nunn seized the flag-staff ere it fell and bore it through the remainder of the conflict.

Sergeants Huguley, Alexander, Williams, Heard, and Garrard, and Privates Winchester, Daniel, Lee, Rodgers, Agan, and Dickson behaved like veterans. I mention those only whose conduct fell under my own observation.

It may not be improper to add that I carried into the fight over 100 men who were barefoot, many of whom left bloody foot-prints among the thorns and briars through which they rushed, with Spartan courage and really jubilant impetuosity, upon the serried ranks of the foe.

I herewith send up a list of the casualties in the two engagements, whereby it appears that our whole loss in killed is 21, wounded 125, missing 6; total, 152.*

I have the honor to be, colonel, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

J. D. WADDELL,

Major, Commanding Twentieth Georgia Regiment.

Colonel H. L. BENNING,

Commanding Toombs' Brigade.

No. 144. Report of Colonel George T. Anderson, Eleventh Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade, of operations August 23-September 2, including engagement at Thoroughfare Gap and battle of Manassas, &amp;c.

HDQRS. ANDERSON'S BRIGADE, D. R. JONES' DIVISION, September 30, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a report of the action of my brigade in the affairs at Rappahannock, August 23; Thoroughfare Gap, August 28; Manassas, August 30; Turner's Gap, Md., September 14, and Sharpsburg, September 17, with the lists of casualties in each engagement:+

On the morning of August 23 I was ordered to support Brigadier-General Evans on the right of our line, our batteries at that time engaging the enemy, who had planted a battery on the hill near the railroad

---------------

*Embodied in No. 128, p.560.

+For August 23,28, and 30, embodied in No. 128, p.560.

---------------

38 R R-VOL XII, PT II

