
On the 30th I was ordered to advance in line of battle near the Chinn house, and moving in this direction Lieutenant C. C. Hardwick, acting assistant adjutant-general (a noble and gallant officer), was severely wounded in the thigh and compelled to leave the field. In a few moments my horse was shot under me, leaving me on foot and without an aide. Arriving in front of the Chinn house and perpendicular to it, I found that I must change my front, which I did, making the left the pivot, and then continued my advance, by order of Brigadier-General Jones, commanding division. I soon marched to the position to which I was ordered-to the right of Colonel Benning, commanding Toombs' brigade. The men were now in front of the enemy and under a heavy fire of artillery, but with all the coolness of veterans they went to work and soon drove the brigade in front of them from the field. A fresh brigade was soon brought up and the fight resumed with all its intensity, but the men and officers stood to their posts under the most murderous fire I ever witnessed, with the resolve to fall rather than yield. My right flank being exposed, the enemy succeeded so far in turning it as to enfilade that portion of my line, when I drew back my right, so that I could keep my front to the enemy. Fresh troops coming up soon after, the enemy were again and finally driven from the field, when with the remnant of my brigade I moved back a short distance to the rear to rest the men, and finally bivouacked for the night in front of Chinn's. For the desperation of the fight and the fierce tenacity with which my men held their ground let the list of casualties testify.

I can bear testimony to the good conduct and gallantry of the whole brigade, without exception, 7 our of 8 of the field officers and over 50 company officers being killed and wounded.

Among the mortally wounded was Colonel W. T. Wilson, Seventh Georgia, who so gallantly led the charge at Dam No. 1, near Yorktown, April 16 last. Always at the post of duty and danger, he fell with his face to the foe, gallantly cheering his men to the onset. Lieutenant Hardwick, acting assistant adjutant-general, had only joined the command the day before from sick leave, and was wounded before the command was engaged.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

GEO. T. ANDERSON,

Colonel Eleventh Georgia Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Major A. COWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 145. Reports of Brigadier General Cadmus M. Wilcox, C. S. Army, commanding division, of skirmish at Kelly's Ford and battle of Manassas.

HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION, October 11, 1862.

SIR: I beg to submit the following report of an affair with the enemy near Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, on August 21 last. This

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp.908-911.

---------------

