
the infantry that had just punished them so severely; but they were in full view of where my own and General Pryor's brigades were resting, on high ground in an open field on the far side of the Mountain Run. I directed Captain Anderson (Thomas Artillery) to come into battery on high ground under cover of some pine with his Parrott gun and to fire upon them. It has never been my pleasure to witness such beautiful shots as the first half dozen shell that were thrown at them. Each shell burst at the right place and time, and seemed to create more confusion and inflict greater loss upon them than the infantry fire. This artillery fire drove them entirely out of view, and nothing more was seen of them until about 5 p.m., when the cavalry reappeared. Three rifled pieces were now placed in position and after a few rounds the cavalry fled again in confusion.

My command was now (near sundown) put in march in rear of the column for Stevensburg. Just at this time the enemy reappeared on the ground where his cavalry had been twice repulsed by our artillery. This time he came with four pieces of rifled artillery and began to fire upon us as we were moving off. It was now quite late, and as we were soon out of sight and danger, I did not conceive it necessary to return this fire, as my orders were to follow the remainder of the division, which was now in motion.

Much credit is due to Colonel Posey, Sixteenth Mississippi, and Captain Feltus for the handsome manner in which they repelled the attack of the Federal cavalry, which was much superior in numbers. Captain Anderson, of the Thomas Artillery, also displayed much skill in the handling of his battery and in the accuracy of his shots and the bursting of his shells.

In this affair our loss was 2 killed, and 12 wounded. Pursuing our march, we bivouacked at Stevensburg at 1 o'clock at night.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &c.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S DIVISION, October 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by my command at the battle of Manassas on August 30 last:

The command of General Longstreet bivouacked on the night of August 27 at White Plains.

On the following day the march was resumed, following the road leading through Thoroughfare Gap. Arriving near this Gap, it was found to be occupied by the enemy, supposed to be in strong force. The three brigades under my command-my own, Generals Featherston's and Pryor's-were, together with two batteries of artillery, mostly rifled pieces, detached from the main command, and moved off to the left over a rough and hilly road in the direction of Hopewell Gap, with orders to force our way through it should the enemy be found to hold it.

After a tedious, fatiguing, and rather difficult march, the Gap was reached at 10 p.m. Halting the column, a regiment was detached, preceded by a company, both under the direction of Brigadier-General Pryor, with instructions to approach the pass cautiously with the view

