
otherwise, but beyond this point trains will be held to await your orders or until further information is received.

HAUPT.

Numbers 28. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Rappahannock Station, August 23, 1862-2.20 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

As nearly as I can learn the fact, the enemy's cavalry made a raid from the direction of Warrenton upon our wagon trains at Catlett's, and seem to have done some considerable damage to them through the gross carelessness of the guard, which was amply sufficient to protect them. Please hurry forward Heintzelman, as the enemy may reach Warenton Junction before he does. Please push forward also all the troops moving up from Fredericksburg with orders to cross the Rappahannock at the various fords and march rapidly on Stevensburg. My movement will be made to-morrow, as soon as I find the enemy has passed a sufficient number of his troops over the river. The troops coming, up from Fredericksburg should be hastened forward with all dispatch to Stevensburg and Brandy Station. It will be well also to send with them immediately a train with bread, sugar, coffee, and salt, as our railroad communication may be unsafe for a few days.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

Numbers 29. HEADQUARTERS FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF VIRGINIA, August 23, 1862.

Major-General POPE,

Commanding Army of Virginia:

There is no doubt that the enemy has outflanked us, and that his army crosses near Sulphur Springs sand Fox's or Lawson's Ford. I therefore must instantly beg you to send General Reno's division to Fayetteville, which will be good and necessary for all emergencies, but it should be done to-night and immediately. General Banks, instead of marching to Lawson's Ford, as directed by me, has not done it, and the enemy is therefore crossing at Fox's Ford, from which ford General Bayard retired an hour or two ago. From Fayetteville General Reno can advance to Lawson's Ford, or maintain his position until you have made your proper arrangements. It would be, according to my opinion, the best to withdraw the First Corps toward Bealeton or my original position near Beverly Ford, to enable us to concentrate all our forces in a central position. General Reno would cover this movement, and we would gain one day.

I am, general, respectfully, yours,

F. SIGEL,

Major-General, Commanding First Corps.

Numbers 30. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, August 23, 1862.

Major-General SIGEL:

Your dispatch just received. General Buford is at Fayetteville, and

