
it had all ceased. My brigade bivouacked at this point of the field, which the most advanced point reached by our infantry, and near the hill where Bee and Bartow fell on July 21, 1861 - the first Manassas.

The list of casualties of the three brigades having been previously forwarded, it will suffice to state that the entire loss in killed, wounded, and missing was 330 (4 missing)*.

In closing this report I beg to assure the major-general commanding that both men and officers of my brigade behaved in a manner highly creditable to them. I will only bring to his favorable notice in this report the four regimental commanders of the brigade, viz: Major [J. H. J.] Williams, commanding Ninth Alabama; Major [J. A.] Herbert, Eighth; Captain [J. C. C.] Sanders, Eleventh, and Major [John H.] Caldwell, Tenth Alabama. It will be seen that there was no field officer of higher rank than major, and of those but three.

To my personal staff - Captain Walter E. Winn, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant M. M. Lindsay, Nineteenth Mississippi - my thanks are especially due for their willingness and promptness in rendering their services at all times during the engagement. I would also bring to your favorable notice Private J. C. Causey, of the Third Virginia Cavalry, my courier, who received late in the action (after dark) a painful wound on the head from a piece of shell while carrying an order to one of my regiments.

The inclosed reports of Generals Featherston and Pryor will bring to your notice such instances of men and officers in their brigades as are deserving of commendation.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. WILCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding, &amp;c.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 146. Report of Brigadier General Roger A. Pryor, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Manassas.
HEADQUARTERS PRYOR'S BRIGADE,Near Winchester, Va., October 5, 1862.

CAPTAIN: A very brief narrative will suffice to exhibit the operations of this brigade in the battle of Manassas:

When the enemy's attack on the left of our line was repulsed I was directed by Brigadier-General Wilcox to throw my brigade on his broken columns. Disposing my troops in two lines, with the first consisting of the Third Virginia, the Fourteenth Alabama, and the Eighth Florida Regiments, I pushed across the field to the end of intercepting the enemy in his retreat. Perceiving my design, the fleeing Federals turned to the left, sought the shelter of a neighboring wood, and attempted to arrest our advance; but neither a terrific artillery fire on their flank nor an unexpected fusillade in front could check the impetuous onset of by brave men. Into the woods they dashed, and with little delay dislodged the enemy from his cover. This accomplished, I changed front

---------------

* List not found. Casualties in Pryor's brigade embodied in No. 128. See also p.568.

---------------

