
to the right, with the view of charging the batteries form whose fire by troops suffered to severely. In pursuance of a suggestion from General Wilcox, I concerted with Brigadier-General featherston a plan of attack on these batteries. It was agreed that while General featherston turned the enemy's flank I should assail him in front. In the execution of this scheme very little difficulty was encountered, the enemy on our approach invariably abandoning his position almost without a struggle. Several of his detached pieces and caissons were captured, but generally he succeeded by a timely flight in escaping with his batteries. Indeed, with his expulsion form the wood where he first sought shelter the fighting with us ceased. Afterward it was a mere chase, in which the enemy exhibited such fleetness that we could inflict upon him only a trifling loss. The pursuit was vigorously pressed, nevertheless, until darkness arrested our farther progress. The brigade bivouacked on the advanced position won by our arms.

In the progress of the action I had the misfortune to be separated form my command by a circumstance to which I allude only in explanation of my absence. Returning from a search after two of my regiments, which in the confusion of the fight had become detached from the brigade, I advanced unconsciously beyond the enemy's line and was a while detained in my embarrassing position. Eventually, however, I was so fortunate as to effect my escape and rejoin my command.

Of the conduct of officers and men in this fight I have to speak in the most complimentary terms. The Fifth and Eighth Florida Regiments, though never under fire before, exhibited the cool and collected courage of veterans. Special mention of peculiar merit in individuals I reserve for another communication.

The loss of the brigade, as shown by the lies of casualties, was comparatively inconsiderable, not exceeding 150 in killed, wounded, and missing.* Among the killed, however, was my assistant adjutant-general, Captain Walker Wrenn, a young gentleman of the purest and most amiable character, of a genius developed and adorned by rare attainments in every department of polite learning, and of a courage which had serenely confronted death on more than one battle-field. He fell in the moment of victory and in the act of cheering on a charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROGER A. PRYOR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. E. WINN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 147. Report of Brigadier General Winfield S. Featherston, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of the battle of Manassas.

RICHMOND, VA., September 25, 1862.

SIR: I submit the following report, showing the action of my brigade at the battle of Manassas Plains, fought on August 30 last:

At an early hour on the morning of the 30th my brigade was posted near a fence about half a mile west of the main road running to the village of Groveton, uniting with General Jackson's command on my left

---------------

* See pp.561,568.

---------------

