
at the railroad embankment. General Pryor's brigade was places on the right of mine and General Wilcox's a short distance in the rear to support the other two. The other brigades of General Longstreet's division continued our line of battle to the right and extending a considerable distance to our right was an old field from a half to a mile wide. The troops remained in position here from an early hour in the morning until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. While in this position my brigade was subjected to a very heavy fire from the enemy's artillery, which was placed in the woods on the opposite side of the field lying in our front. Two of our batteries, places on a hill about the center of my brigade and just in the rear, returned the enemy's fire during the most of the time. The enemy were observed during the forenoon passing down the turnpike from the direction of the stone house and filing to the right and left of our lines.

About 3 p. m. one brigade was seen emerging from the woods on the opposite side of the field, advancing in the direction of General Jackson's right and my left. The advance was steady and unchecked under a very heavy fire of the batteries supported by my brigade, as well as from others placed on the right and left of the turnpike road. This brigade of the enemy was followed by two others (under the same heavy fire of our batteries), which advanced to within 40 or 50 yards of our lines. Here they came to a halt and returned the fire of our infantry for about thirty minutes, when they commence the retreat commenced our troops were ordered to advance. One of General Jackson's brigades advanced on our left, and my brigade, General Pryor's, and General Wilcox's moved forward in line of battle on its right. We reached the works in front and passed through the skirt of woods over 600 yards wide, when we came to another old field some half a mile or three-quarters in width. Here we found of the opposite side of the field the enemy drawn up in line of battle, with several pieces of artillery turned upon our troops, and directing a rapid, heavy, and destructive fire both upon the right and left of our lines.

At this time General Wilcox-who had, as senior brigadier, been directing the movements of his brigade, General Pryor's, and mine - was ordered by General Longstreet to move rapidly with his brigade to the right to the support of General Hood. This left me the senior brigadier on the left of our lines. Very soon after General Longstreet's staff, announced to me that Colonel Thomas, commanding a brigade of General Jackson's division, had been sent to re-enforce me, and that other troops were coming up for the same purpose. General Pender and Archer very soon arrived with their brigades, and I immediately directed my brigade to be moved to the left, so as to extend beyond the enemy's right, and generals Pender and Archer to form on the right of my brigade. This was promptly one. Colonel Thomas' brigade was held in reserve with one regiment of General Pryor's. As son as our line was formed an advance was ordered. The whole line moved forward in rapid and gallant style. the enemy fled after the first well-directed fire through the woods in the direction of the stone house. All the piece of their artillery were left upon the field and captured. These brigades continued the march in pursuit of the enemy. Passing through a skirt of woods, they reached another field some three-quarters of a mile wide, on the

