
farther side of which the enemy were discovered again in line of battle, with one or two pieces of artillery placed upon a commanding eminence, which were turned upon our troops as soon as they made their appearance. These brigades were again put in line of battle in the edge of the woods, and Colonel Thomas was directed to move with his brigade to the left of our line to prevent a flank movement by the enemy and their reenforcements from coming up a road running on our left and extending in front to the turnpike near the stone house. These dispositions having been made, our lines advanced. The enemy fled precipitately, doing us no injury, except with their artillery, scarcely returning the fire of our infantry. Having driven them from their position, any farther movement was prevented by the darkness of the night. It was now fully dark, and our troops bivouacked upon the ground until morning.

The enemy's artillery was served with great skill and effect upon our troops during the entire engagement, to which our greatest loss on the left must be attributed.

Our troops whose conduct came under my observation behaved with great coolness and courage during the whole engagement, which lasted about four hours.

The Dixie Battery, under command of Captain Chapman, attached to my brigade, was placed to the left of the turnpike, near the village of Groveton, where it performed good service during the day.

When General Wilcox left the field and the command of the troops on the left devolved upon me I placed the command of my immediate brigade under Colonel Posey, who was the senior colonel present.

To the member of my staff who were with me on the field - Captain [W. R.] Barksdale, Lieutenant [A. N.] Parker, and Captain C. N. Feartherson - I feel indebted for their efficiency and promptness in executing my orders.

The list of casualties in my brigade is herewith transmitted,* as well as lists of those who particularly distinguished themselves during the engagement.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. S. FEATHERSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL, A. A. G., Longstreet's Division.

No. 148. Report of Brigadier General John B. Hood, C. S. Army, commanding division, of operations August 22-31, including Freeman's Ford, Groveton, and Manassas.

DIVISION HEADQUARTERS,

September 27, 1862.

SIR: I have honor to submit the following report of the operations of this division, composed of two brigades - Fourth Alabama, Second and Eleventh Mississippi, and Sixth North Carolina, Colonel E. M. Law commanding; my own brigade, First, Fourth, and Fifth Texas, Eighteenth Georgia, and Hampton Legion; and [James] Reilly's [W. K.] Bachman's, and [Hugh R.] Garden's batteries, Major B. W. Frobel commanding - in the engagements at Freeman's Ford, on the Rappahannock River, August 22; Plains of Manassas, August 29 and 30;

---------------

*Not found, but see p.568.

---------------

