
driving a largely superior force a distance of 1 1/2 miles, causing terrible slaughter in their ranks, capturing a battery of four guns crowning the heights near the Chinn house.

Colonel Law's brigade having moved forward on the left, driving the enemy and accomplishing most noble work in their immediate front; the Texas brigade having gained the heights, and being a long distance in advance of the remainder of our troops and very much exhausted, I ordered them to halt and hold their ground. Soon after General Evans' brigade came up and became engaged. I passed on to the heights and assisted in placing other brigades in position as they arrived on the field, and so soon as my own troops were sufficiently rested they were brought forward and slept upon the field of battle near the Sudley Ford road. The noble troops of this division captured four pieces of artillery and eight stand of colors, and as to their gallantry and unflinching courage they stand unsurpassed within the history of the world.

Many gallant officers and men fell upon this memorable field, and our country had cause to regret the loss of none of her sons more than that of Lieutenant Colonel John C. Upton, Fifth Texas. Major [W. P.] Townsend, of the Fourth Texas; Lieutenant-Colonel [S. Z.] Ruff and Major [J. C.] Griffis, of the Eighteenth Georgia, and Captain K. Bryan, acting their duties. Of the different regimental commanders too much cannot be said. Colonel J. B. Robertson, Fifth Texas, was wounded while directing his regiment far in advance of the crest of the hill, when the brigade was ordered to halt. Colonel W. T. Wofford, of the Eighteenth Georgia; Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Carter, commanding fourth Texas; Lieutenant Colonel P. A. Work, First Texas; Lieutenant-Colonel [M. W.] Gary, commanding Hampton Legion; Colonel [J. M.] Stone, Second Mississippi; Colonel P. F. Liddell, Eleventh Mississippi; Lieutenant Colonel O. K. McLemore, fourth Alabama, and Major R. F. Webb, Sixth North Carolina, although not wounded, were conspicuous upon this hotly contested field, leading forward the many brave men of their commands. After all the field and acting field officers of the Fifth Texas Regiment had fallen, Captain I. N. M. Turner gallantly led that regiment through.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL, Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Killed. Wounded.

Command.	Officers	Men.	Officers.	Men.

Texas brigade:

Freeman's Ford,	---	---	 1	 9

August 22

Manassas Plains,	 5	 70	 33	 507

August 29-30

Law's brigade:

Manassas Plains,	 3 	 53 	 20	 244

August 29-30

Total	 8	 123	 54	 760

Missing.

Command.	Officers	Men.	Aggregate

Texas brigade:

Freeman's Ford, August 22	 ---	 ---	 10

Manassas Plains, August 29-30	 1	 12	 628

Law's brigade:

Manassas Plains, August 29-30	 ---	 ---	 320

Total	 1	 12	 958

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 922-925.

---------------

