
No. 149. Report of Major B. W. Frobel, C. S. Army, of operations August 29-30.

CAMP NEAR FREDERICK, MD.,

September 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the participation of the batteries under my command in the battles of Friday and saturday, August 20 and 30:

At 11 a. m. on Friday I was ordered by General Hood to proceed to the right of the turnpike road and report to General Surart. This I did with Captain Bachman's battery, Reilly being already in position on the left, and Garden having no long-range pieces. General Stuart had selected a position near the Orange and Alexandria Railroad; the battery was brought up and immediately opened with marched effect on a column of the enemy moving to the right, which at once changed direction, moving rapidly to the left. Fifteen rounds were fired, when, the distance being greatly increased, I ordered Captain Bachman to cease firing. At 1 p. m. Captain Garden's being considered of too short range to be effective there. The position assigned us was on the extreme left, both batteries passing through a heavy fire in reaching it. After being hotly engaged for two hours and a half and firing about 100 rounds the enemy ceased firing and withdrew his guns. We were then ordered to return to the road for the purpose of replenishing our ammunition.

At 3 p. m. on Saturday I was ordered by General Longstreet to proceed down the turnpike with all the batteries and take position on the left of the road, opening fire on the enemy's batteries posted in an orchard near Dogan's house. Immediately after I was ordered to change position to the right of the road and advance, which was done, Captain Reilly taking position on the hill in front of Groveton House, engaging the batteries immediately in front under a terrific fire, while Bachaman's battery advanced still farther, passing through the woods to the right, and, assisted by the howitzer section of Reilly's battery, under command of Lieutenant Myers, opened on the flank. In changing position Captain Bachman had one of his rifle guns disabled. Both batteries were handled with great skill and effect, and the fire of the enemy soon silenced. It being near dark and the ammunition exhausted, Reilly and Bachman were ordered to withdraw.

In the mean time I was ordered by General Longstreet to advance Captain Garden's battery in the field on the left of the road. This was done, and a flanking fire opened on the batteries near Dogan's house. We were soon, however, ordered to cease, as Colonel Law's brigade was advancing in the opposite direction on the same point, the Federals at the same time manifesting great energy in the rapidity of their movement down the turnpike and Suidley Ford roads. captain Garden, with two other batteries, continued to pursue until the Sudley [Ford] road was reached, when, not being able to distinguish friend from foe in the darkness, the battery was finally withdrawn.

Of the conduct of officers and men in both engagements I cannot speak in terms too high. Captains Bachman and Garden handled their batteries with great skill, while Reilly sustained his old and well merited

