
reputation. Lieutenant [R.] Siegling, a gallant young officer attacked to Bachman's battery, fell seriously (supposed to be mortally) wounded at his guns, setting an example of cool bravery not often equaled.

Inclosed you will find a list of the killed and wounded.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. W. FROBEL,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Commanding.

Captain W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 150. Reports of Colonel William T. Wofford, Eighteenth Georgia Infantry, Hood's Brigade, of operations August 29-30.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1862.

SIR: On the evening of the 29th ultimo, about sunset, I received an order through your adjutant-general, Captain W. H. Sellers, to move my regiment toward the enemy and let my left wing rest near and on a regiment moved out with spirit through the narrow slip of woods to the open field in our front, where I halted to wait for the fourth Texas, by whose line I was to dress; but not seeing that regiment, and being informed that it was advancing farther from our left, I moved forward by a left oblique through the field and through the second skirt of woods into the second field oblique through the field and through the second skirt of woods into the second field toward a fire which had just then opened. By this time darkness prevented me from seeing objects farther than a few feet. My regiment opened a well-directed fire and charged into a ravine, silencing the fire of the enemy and completely routing him. We captured a stand of colors from the Twenty-fourth New York Regiment and taken 53 prisoners, belonging, respectively, to the Twenty-fourth, Forty-fourth, and Seventeenth New York Regiments. Moving forward, my regiment was halted by some person unknown, but I presumed it was by you, through Adjutant Sellers. I demanded of the latter gentleman, "Who halted us?" He said he did not. By this time, my regiment having formed in perfect line in front of all the other regiments, and seeing two regiments, one in our rear and another in the rear of my left, I called upon them to come up and form on me, fearing that they would fire into us as I advanced down the hill to the branch; but as neither of them would move up, my regiment, with a shout, charged down the hill to the branch, where I halted, the enemy having left the field so rapidly that we could not overtake them. I remained at the branch a short time, when I was directed by one of your aides to a position on the hill, where we formed a line of table with the other regiments of your brigade, and remained sleeping by our guns until ordered to fall back to the ground we occupied when we advanced to the attack.

My regiment, both officers and men, acted with much spirit and gallantry, and was at no time, through the night was dark, either confused or scattered, but preserved good order and obeyed every command I gave them as promptly as if they had bee upon the drill field.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

