
Jones. Seeing my men falling rapidly, and having no support and no re-enforcements arriving, I withdrew my regiment in order over the same ground that we approached the battery through the woods to the branch to the right of where we took the first battery, where I found the First and Fourth Texas Regiments, when I halted and formed on their right, and where we remained until you cane to us.

My regiment lost in killed 19 and wounded 133.* Among the former were Lieutenant [S. V.] Smith, commanding Company K, and Lieutenant [E. L.] Brown, of Company E.

I cannot find words to express the gallantry of my regiment, both officers and men. Nearly all of the men lost were killed where we first encountered the two New York regiments of Zouaves and at the second batter. It would be invidious to speak specially of any man or officer where all did their part so well, but the great gallantry of my color-bearer, Sergeant Weems, who was shot down almost at the mouth of the guns of the second battery, entitles him to particular notice.

Respectfully,

WM. T. WOFFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Eighteenth Georgian Regiment.

General HOOD.

No. 151. Report of Lieutenant Colonel M. W. Gary, Hampton Legion, of the battle of Manassas.
HEADQUARTERS HAMPTON LEGION,Near Frederick, Md., September 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the infantry battalion of Hampton's Legion in the battle of August 30:

The fight was opened about 3 o'clock by an attack of the enemy on to advance, the Legion in line of battle, with the Fifth Texas Regiment on the right and the Eighteenth Georgia on the left. I ordered Captain H. J. Smith's company thrown forward as skirmishers. We had gone about a quarter of a mile when the skirmishers became hotly engaged with the Duryea Zouave near where we had engaged the enemy the evening before. We received their volley and charged upon the and delivered our fire at short range, killing, wounding, and capturing a large number. they were completely routed, and as they retreated over the ravine and up the hill a large number were killed and wounded by the well-practiced aim of the men of the entire brigade. the whole brigade moved forward in hot pursuit under a heavy fire of grape and canister, driving the enemy back to their reserves, capturing a large number of prisoners and a battery. Seeing that in our eager pursuit we were about to be flanked by the enemy on the right and left, I commanded the Legion to halt as it was ascending the hill from the deep ravine. We were then ordered to move by the right flank. We gained the woods under a heavy fire and immediately advanced again upon the enemy. Perceiving that they were now outflanked, they fled in confusion after the first volley, the Eighteenth Georgia, Legion, and Fifth Texas still pursuing. We were then hotly engaged around the Chinn

---------------

*Only 114 wounded, according to Guild's report, No. 128, p.560.

---------------

