
house, where the brigade captured several pieces of artillery. At this place the brigade of General Evans came up in gallant style and relieved us.

During the fight Lieutenant B. E. Nicholson captured a stand of colors. Private Henry Brancies, Company C, also captured a beautiful flag.

The colors of the Legion were the first that were planted upon a battery of four guns, which was successfully turned against the enemy by Lieutenant J. H. M. James and Private John Pios, of Company C, assisted by several members of Company H, who were practiced artillerists.

I cannot mention in too flattering terms the splendid courage evinced by the officers and men of the Legion. Major J. H. Dinble had his horse shot under him, and again won new laurels by his untiring gallantry, being always in the thickest of the fight. Captain L. C. McCord was shot down at the head of his company, wounded in three places. His first second lieutenant, T. A. G. Clarke, shared the same fate. Lieutenant R. A. Tompkins, acting adjutant, was wounded while rallying the men. Lieutenant John W. Austin, of Company F, was wounded while leading his company. Lieutenant James McElroy, of Company A, who fought with conspicuous courage, was wounded. Sergt. J. H. Satterfield, the color-bearer, was wounded. Never was a flag borne with more dashing courage that he displayed, as the bullet-rent folds of the flag will attest. Captain T. M. Logan, by his brilliant fighting won the admiration of every one. Captain R. W. Tompkins distinguished himself by his cool and practical courage. Lieutenant W. Edward O'Connor, in command of a scouting party, acted with his usual gallantry and rendered important information as to the movements of the enemy. Lieutenant W. A. B. Devenport, [J. J.] Exum, [J. J.] Cleveland, and [J. H. M.] James, commanding their respective companies, proved themselves gallant guardians of the honor of their commands.

A list of the casualties is herewith annexed upon a separate paper.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. W. GARY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Hampton Legion.

Colonel W. T. WOFFORD,

Commanding Texas Brigade.

No. 152. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel P. A. Work, First Texas Infantry, of operations August 29-30.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1862.

The following report of the participation of the First Texas Regiment in the engagement of August 29 is respectfully submitted:

Having laid in line of battle near the enemy during most of the day of Friday, August 29, the regiment after sunset was ordered forward to the attack. Having advanced some 250 yards to an open field, the enemy opened upon us with grape and canister. Advancing steadily, the regiment approached a wood, in or near which the enemy's battery was stationed, and when within 100 or 150 yards the artillery firing

---------------

*Embodied in No. 128, p.560.

---------------

