
ceased. After having advanced a short distance into the above-mentioned timber, and when some two companies of the left wing, having passed through the point of timber, emerged into the open field beyond, the regiment became engaged with the Seventy-ninth New York Regiment (as stated by prisoners), and after one volley fired by this regiment and some little desultory firing the cry of friends was raised. During the confusion consequent upon this false cry the regiment with which we were engaged took occasion to make its escape in a disorganized state. It was by this time too dark to distinguish friend from foe at a distance of 20 paces.

Here we had 4 killed and 15 wounded, a list of whom, giving mane, rank, where wounded, and character of wound, accompanies this report, marked A.* Some 30 or 40 paces to our front the ground was thickly strewn with the dear and wounded of the enemy.

From this point this regiment continued to advance to the front, and soon met with the Eighteenth Georgia and Fourth Texas Regiments, of this brigade. The brigade, having been collected, moved still to the front, crossing a small stream by the flank, upon a ridge beyond which this regiment rested for the night, in its position in the brigade, within some 150 or 200 yards of the enemy.

As an incident of the battle I would mention that while I was seeking the position assigned me for the night, marching by the left flank, to wit, with my left resting upon the turnpike road, the second Mississippi Regiment, Colonel Stone commanding, which was moving in the same direction, having recrossed the Creek, but in advance and to the left, became entangled with the thirty-third New York Regiment, when Colonel Stone sent me a message requesting me to move up to this relief, which I did. Upon consultation we again recrossed the creek, moved to rejoin the third Brigade. I would mention also that the fourth texas and Eighteenth Georgia, who were informed of my moving to the relief of Colonel Stone, pressed closely on after me to offer any assistance that might be required. The regiment kept well together, evincing unusual eagerness to engage the enemy, and advancing with a yell, which was taken up by the other regiments of the brigade and continued until the very woods resounded.

Respectfully submitted.

P. A. WORK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Texas Regiment.

P. S. - Two privates of Company H-T. R. Oldham and J. M. Streinsipher - were killed during the day of the 29th while lying down at their place in ranks in front of the enemy by a discharge of grape-shot which remained in the tin case unexploded.

SEPTEMBER 9, 1862.

The following is a report of the participation of the First Texas Regiment in the engagement of August 30:

The regiment, having been withdrawn from the ground occupied by it in the battle ground of the evening previous, was places in position about daylight of the morning of August 30, with its left resting upon the turnpike road at the point occupied by it the day previous. During

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

