
the day I received instructions through Captain W. H. Sellers, assistant adjutant-general, to keep the regiment at attention and be ready to advance to attack the enemy whenever ordered. By Captain Sellers I was informed that General Kemper's brigade would be advanced simultaneously with the Texas Brigade, moving diagonally across the front of the latter; that mine would be the directing regiment, and would move slowly, with its left flank resting upon the turnpike road, the other regiments of the brigade inclining and gradually wheeling to the left, so that at the proper point the Texas and Keper's brigades would present an even, unbroken front.

About 4 or 4.30 p. m. I was ordered to advance, when I at once put the regiment in motion. After having advanced about 125 yards I was informed by the acting adjutant of the regiment, W. Shropshire, that the Fourth Texas Regiment had not moved, when, supposing my movement premature, I halted and dispatched a messenger to ascertain the truth. Before the return of the messenger Lieutenant James Hamilton, aide-de-camp, galloped up and informed me that the Fourth Texas was some 150 yards in advance of me. I at once moved at the double-quick and ran and soon came upon a line with the Fourth (just after moving out of the timber into the large open field where the engagement took place). As the regiment advanced a battery of the enemy fired into us repeatedly, but before either this or any other regiment of the enemy fired into us repeatedly, but before either this or any other regiment of the brigade could charge upon it it limbered up and moved off at a rapid gait up the turnpike road until it reached an orchard upon an elevated, commanding position, where it halted and again opened fire upon us. this regiment continued to advance up the turnpike road, with its left resting thereon, until halted in a hollow by an order delivered by a courier (Barbee, I believe). From this hollow I received an order (through Barbee) to move forward to the second hollow beyond the one I was then in, where I would had and receive orders, which order I executed, moving forward to the hollow designated and halting, exposed to the fire of the above mentioned battery while crossing the two intervening ridges. I failed to receive any orders at this place, and it was while at this last-mentioned hollow that I discovered I was alone. I had been watching so intently the battery in my front and the movements of the troops in its immediate vicinity that I did not know when the other regiments of the brigade left me. Discovering that I was alone, I called to Templeman (acting as courier) and asked as to the whereabouts of the other regiments. He would not then inform me, but said that he would ascertain and let me know, and galloping off soon returned, stating the fourth Texas had crossed the creek opposite my right flank, had move up and taken a battery on a ridge which he painted out, and had moved on over the ridge after the infantry support. I at once moved by the right flank across the creek and upon the ridge designated. Having moved the right of the regiment to the top to the ridge, and placed the regiment under cover from an enfilading dire from two batteries, to wit, the one above mentioned at the orchard, and the second on a ridge running parallel to the one upon the top of which my right was then resting, I advanced myself to a point from which I hoped to discover the locality of the Fourth Texas. I heard a heavy firing of musketry or rifles down in the hollow in front of where I was standing, but, owing to a swell or second ridge upon the descending slope to the hollow, not a man could I discover.

About this time Barbee galloped up and informed me that all of the regiments of the brigade were down in the hollow, were hard pressed, and needed assistance. Selecting a place where I could pass the ridge

