
with as little loss as possible, I fronted the regiment and moved forward some 35 yards to a depression crossing the ridge. Once in this depression I believed I could cross the ridge protected wholly form the fire of the orchard battery and partially from the battery upon the parallel ridge. Just as the regiment had reached the depression alluded to, and just as I was in the act of giving the order to move by the right flank, Captain Seolers brought me an order to take my regiment moved back over this 35 yards a heavy fire of grape and canister was opened upon us from the two batteries above mentioned, and it was here that several were wounded. Having brought the regiment moved back over this 35 yards a heavy fire of grape and canister was opened upon us from the two batteries above mentioned, and it was here that several were wounded. Having brought the regiment under cover, I was directed by Captain Sellers brought me an order to take my regiment under cover, and was so earnest that he gave the order to right-about before I could give it myself. As the regiment moved back over this 35 yards a heavy fire of grape and canister was opened upon us from the two batteries above mentioned, and it was here that several were wounded. Having brought the regiment under cover, I was directed by captain Sellers to move down into the hollow, where flowed the creek spoken of above, and there rest. About the time I reached the last-mentioned hollow quite a number from the several regiments of the brigade joined me, and, falling into the ranks, remained until their respective regiments successively reached the hollow and formed upon this.

We lost 3 killed and 7 wounded. It is proper to state that of the killed one, R. B. Stephens, of Company E, was killed by a rifle-ball while skirmishing, and a second, -- Walker, of Company E, was killed while with the scouts, under Lieutenant-Colonel Unton, of the Fifth Texas.

It is a matter of regret that I received no notice and did not discover the movements of the other regiments of the brigade in time to have changed my front and contributed the best efforts of the regiment in aiding in taking the battery captured and in the attack upon the troops routed by them.

Respectfully submitted.

P. A. WORK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Texas Regiment.

No. 153. Report of Lieutenant Colonel B. F. Carter, Fourth Texas Infantry, of operations August 29-30.

SEPTEMBER 8, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my regiment in the action of the 29th ultimo:

From the position where the brigade was formed in line of battle and rested during the afternoon we were ordered to advance on the enemy about dusk. With the First Texas, as directing battalion, on my left, and Eighteenth Georgia on my right, I advanced through the timber we were lying in, then through an open field in front, thence in to a second wood, where a sharp fire of musketry was going on in our front between our skirmishers and the enemy. Cautioning the men not to fire without orders, I advanced to within 50 yards, when we were fired on by the enemy. Replying with a volley, the enemy were silenced. It was not entirely dark, and it was almost impossible to ascertain the position of our forces or that of the enemy. Advancing cautiously across the second field, I crossed the small creek at the bottom of the hill, and advancing up the second hill, with your assistance we formed in our original brigade order of battle, the Second Mississippi being on

