
from my left, and I did not see it any more until our return to the creek. While advancing through the first field, before meeting the enemy, I had received a caution to look well to my left; that we had no supports there, the Third Brigade being held as a support for the batteries and not advancing. In crossing the different hills, and especially form the battery hill, I discovered large masses of the enemy on our left moving down at right angles to the course we were going. We remained in the shallow ravine spoken of several minutes, driving the enemy from the short pines in front by our fire, when I discovered the Eighteenth Georgia was moving by the right flank away form me along the ravine, and about the same time the enemy commenced firing on me from a wooded ridge to my left and in rear of my left flank. I sent Adjutant Price to Colonel Woffird, of the eighteenth Georgia, to ascertain where he was going; to tell him the enemy were moving in large force around our left flank, and ask him for support. the reply received was he could not come, but was going to the right. I found myself exposed with my weakened force to an increasing fire from the enemy in front, on my left, and in rear of my left, with no support on either flank, and not a confederate soldier but my own regiment in sight. To meet the movement of the enemy around my left I changed front perpendicularly to the left across the raving we occupied, and finding myself uncovered by their movement, I fell back about 50 yards to the dry bed of a shallow cross-fire of the enemy, and some of the wounded were, I fear, taken prisoners here. The ravine we were in extended to the left, up the hill on which the battery was situated we had taken, were it terminated. In the prolongation of it on the opposite side of the hill was a thin hedge of small growth, affording a partial protection. Seeing no prospect of supports, and believing my whole command would be sacrificed in the present position against the immense numbers of the enemy, I ordered the regiment to march by the left flank, keeping it as well as possible under cover of the ravine and hedge spoken of. The movement was executed with remarkably good order, the enemy being kept at a respectfully distance by our rapid fire. Reaching the small creek, the regiment was formed under cover of its banks, and soon afterward, by your orders, I moved up the creek by the right flank and connected with the First Texas, now on my right. throwing out skirmishers to the front on the hill-side, covering the captured guns with their fire, we rested here until dark. We were not again engaged.

About half an hour after forming in the creek, while resting, General evans rode up from the woods in our rear and was cheered by our men, when he addressed a few words in return.

I cannot speak too highly of both officers and men of my command. The coolness, good order, and prompt obedience to orders displayed under the most trying circumstances and the daring courage in the charge were worthy of the reputation the Fourth had already established. The skulkers, if any, were so few as to escape observation.

Our loss was severe, including some of the best officers. Major Townsend fell badly wounded in the leg whole gallantly leading the right of the regiment in its charge on the battery. Previous to and during the action he had rendered invaluable services to me, and his loss was greatly felt by the regiment.

Captain [D. U.] Barziza, Company C; Captain [James T.] Hunter, Company H; Lieutenant [M. C.] Holmes, Company H, and Lieutenant

