
[A. D.] Jeffries, Company D, were all wounded in the same charge-the first and last slightly; the other two severely.

Lieutenant [C. E.] Jones, Company H, and Lieutenant [T. J.] Johnson, Company D, were killed on the field in the same charge, and died as brave men should, in the front of battle, and their loss in irreparable to their companies and the regiment.

Color-Sergeant Francis, of Company A, fell severely wounded while leading the colors in front of the regiment, and they were gallantly borne the remainder of the action by Color-Corporal Parker, of Company H.

Herewith I append a list of casualties in the regiment, marked B.*

I cannot, in justice, discriminate further when all behaved so well.

Adjt. F. L. Price rendered me great assistance and bore himself coolly throughout the action.

Very respectfully,

B. F. CARTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 154. Report of Colonel J. B. Robertson, Fifths Texas Infantry, of the battle of Manassas.

NEAR THE BATTLE-FIELD OF MANASSAS,

September 2, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit a report of the part taken by my regiment (the Fifth Texas Volunteers) in the battle of August 30:

My regiment was on the right of the brigade. I was ordered to keep well closed on the left of the First Regiment Texas Volunteers, which was the battalion of direction. I was notified that General Kemper, with his brigade, was on my right, and that I need have no uneasiness about my right flank. As the brigade moved across the first field to the timber held by the enemy's skirmishers a change of front forward on the left battalion made in necessary to move my men at a run across the field. At the edge of the timber the enemy's skirmishers were encountered by my skirmishers and driven back to a point in the timber about 100 yards from the open field beyond. Here I encountered the regiment of the enemy that had been deployed as skirmishers, who had rallied on their right. I ordered the regiment to fire on and charge them. they broke and were closely pressed to the open field, where we encountered a second line of the enemy in the Fifth Regiment New York Zouaves, who, after permitting the fleeing regiment to pass its lines, presented a solid front for a short time. Their stand was but momentary. They gave way before the impetuous charge of my men and fled, leaving the field strewn with their dead and wounded. Such was the impetuosity of the charge and the unerring aim of my men that very few, if any, of that regiment reached the hill beyond. My charge was continued across the branch and up the hill in the direction of a heavy battery the enemy had playing on us from the hill beyond.

Seeing nothing of General Kemper's brigade or any other of our forces

---------------

*Embodied in No. 128, p.560.

---------------

