
Where all behaved so nobly distinctions cannot with propriety be made. All (both officers and men) sustained well the reputation of the Lone Star flag, under which they fought through the battle.

Among the list of killed I have to lament the death of the brave and chivalrous Lieutenant Colonel John C. Upton, who fell while gallantly leading the right wing of his regiment to victory.

My list of killed is 15, wounded 245, missing 1, a full report of which from my adjutant is herewith submitted.*

The regiment captured three stand of colored and two batteries. Six guns and quite a number of prisoners were sent to the rear. I did not weaken my force by sending details with them, but ordered them to the rear unattended by a guard.

Respectfully submitted.

J. B. ROBERTSON,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Texas Volunteers.

Captain W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Texas Brigade.

No. 155. Report of Captain K. Bryan, Fifth Texas Infantry, of the battle of Manassas.

JANUARY 1, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following as a continuation of the report of the battle of Manassas:

In his report of the battle of Manassas, August 30, 1862, Colonel robertson gives but about half the doings of the Fifth Texas on the memorable field, and refers to Captain Turner, whom he says was in command after he was wounded (believing, as he says, that I was wounded early in the action), for the report of all that occurred subsequently to his being struck. The colonel was mistaken as to the time I received my wound, it having occurred near the close instead of the beginning of the action, and I was therefore in command of the regiment from the time it moved form the timber, which the colonel speaks of having taken possession of by a right movement (after conferring with Colonels Wofford and Gary) to prevent the enemy from doing so, and at which place he stopped. That the colonel stopped here I only know from his own statement. I missed him on striking the open field about 200 yards distant. Now, as Captain Turner has not made the report as suggested by Colonel Robertson, and deeming it due the regiment that the whole account should be published, and as the duty should have properly devolved upon me at first, I still think it not inappropriate, though now late, that I should complete the report up to the time when the command devolved upon Captain Turner in consequence of my wound. I will begin where Colonel Robertson stopped, as stated.

By the time the line was halted and formed General Evans' brigade had come up on our left, when the command forward was given, and the Fifth Texas and Hapmton's Legion moved off in good order to the edge of the field. Being then within 80 yards of the enemy, another of our impetuous charges swept that wing of the enemy's line away like chaff

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

