
before the wind, the right remaining intact supported by a battery, and another strong line of infantry formed perpendicularly to the other line, distant from the Chinn house about 600 yards. Another battery was near the Chinn house on the left and in the rear of the line we had assailed and broken. The pursuit was rapid, the rush being mainly directed toward the last-mentioned battery; but this was managed with such precaution as to move in time to effect its escape, we capturing two caissons only. In the charge some confusion occurred on our right (it was then that I first missed Colonel Robertson), which caused me to hasten to that flank, and coming in contact with a brigade of fresh troops I moved rapidly along its line, appealing to it to move faster, not knowing what might be awaiting us beyond the house. The pursuit was conducted to the left of the house and through the orchard and yard. On the east of the house in a wide hollow, and in it a mass of timber running northeast, beginning opposite the house and extending in the direction named about 700 yards, when it turns more to the eastward, leaving a large open field on the north. at the head of the hollow, about 400 yards from where the timber makes the turn to the eastward, was a battery. Opposite this point or turn in the timber, and in the ridge upon which the Chinn house stands, rested the left of that perpendicular line, which consisted of two heavy regiments. Being delayed by going to the right, on arriving east of the house I had the satisfaction of seeing our flag at the timber, it having pursued that far and halted, and was waving briskly, that the men might see and rally to it. I recognized the tall and manly forms of Captains [J. S.] Cleveland and turner with it and directing its movements. I found a number of our men who had been forced to take shelter in a deep wash in the side of the ridge from a terrible flank fire poured upon the m form the perpendicular line described. It was this fire during this pursuit and subsequent advance upon it which caused our very heavy losses on that day. We were not allowed to remain long in our then secure position. a small brigade came up, moving toward the last-mentioned line of the enemy, and the only unbroken one on that part of the field.

As the brigade reached our thinned ranks the command forward was given, and all darted off in the new direction eighth the same spirit which had characterized their previous movements on that day, but gradually settled down to conform to the movements of the brigade. Our flag dashed up the slope to the center of the brigade, and then led on in the direction of the enemy. About this time I joined the colors and remained near them. I found Captain turner and Sergeant Hume, of Company D, and Privates Jimmy Harris and G. W. Farthing, of the same company, with them, Captain Cleveland having just fallen, dangerously wounded in the neck, having discharged his every duty as an officer and soldier to his company and his country. Harris had the flag when I joined the party. His enthusiasm was such that it could not be restrained. He would from time to time rush to the front a distance of 60 or 70 yards, face to the advancing line, wave the flag, and shout, "Come on;" but we were soon deprived of his gallant and cheering example. He was of our line. Sergeant Hume took the flag when young Harris fell and bore it high above all others which were then floating over the field, as a beacon to our men who had been separated from it. Sergeant Hume, after bearing the flag about 200 yards, was also shot down. Being near him, I received the colors from him as he fell, and carrying them a short distance I transferred them to Private Farthing, who carried them through the remainder of the day. The brigade had steadily followed

