
front, before which our men had to yield ground for a time, by flanking our position in the timber. Such a movement at that time must have been attended with very disastrous results to us.

Respectfully submitted.

K. BRYAN,

Captain and Acting Major Fifth Texas.

Major W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hood's Division.

[Indorsement.]

[Major] W. H. SELLERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In my report of the battle of Manassas I referred to Captain Turner for a report of the part taken by my regiment in that action after I was wounded, believing, as I then did, that Major Bryan was wounded before I was. In this I was mistaken, he not having been wounded until some time afterward. Had I known this, in place of referring to captain Turner I should have referred to Major Bryan, who was in command from that period up to the time he was wounded. I herewith submit Major Bryan's report, and respectfully ask that it be received, with the remark that Major Bryan misunderstood me in conversation as to where I stopped. A momentary halt was made in the timber, as stated in both our reports, and I continued on with the regiment beyond the Chinn house, as stated in my report, to where I was struck. Major Bryan was carried to the rear, the regiment marched forward, and I went with it. I did not see him, and had no opportunity to consul with him before I made my report.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

J. B. ROBERTSON,

Late Colonel, Commanding Fifth Texas Volunteers.

No. 156. Report of Colonel E. M. Law, Fourth Alabama Infantry, commanding Whiting's brigade, of operations August 29-30:

Leaving Thoroughfare Gap at sunrise on the 29th, the brigade marched in the direction of Manassas Junction. At Gainesville, on the Warrenton turnpike, the line of march changed abruptly to the left, along the turnpike, in the direction of Centreville. On arriving about midway between Gainesville and the stone house, which is situated at the junction of the turnpike and the Sudley Ford road, I was ordered by Brigadier-General Hood, commanding the division, to form the brigade in line of battle to the left of the turnpike and almost at right angles with it, the right resting on the road and the left connecting with General Jackson's line. The Texas Brigade had been previously formed on the right of the road, its left joining my right resting on the road and the left connecting with General Jackson's line. The Texas Brigade had been previously formed on the right of the road, its left joining my right. With a strong line of rifle-men

