
in front, which drove the enemy's skirmishers as it advanced, the brigade moved forward, accompanied by Generals Longstreet and Hood, until it reached a commanding position in front of the enemy, about three-fourths of a mile from Dogan's house, which seemed to be the center of his position. At this point a severe artillery fire was opened by the enemy's batteries. A halt was ordered, and the troops remained in position until our artillery could be brought forward. Our batteries took position on a ridge to my left and rear, and opened fire with marked effect upon the enemy.

The fire of the artillery and skirmishers continued almost without intermission until near 4 p. m., when heavy musketry on my left announced an attack of the enemy on General Jackson's command moved out of the wood on my left, drove the enemy from his position on the ridge to the left of the hamlet of groveton, and captured a piece of artillery posted there. I immediately moved my line forward as far as Groveton, where it was halted on a line with the troops to my left.

At about 6 o'clock a Federal battery, supported by a large body of infantry and some cavalry, was advanced along the turnpike to within 400 yards of our position. The guns had scarcely unlimbered when i was ordered by General Hood to charge. Moving rapidly forward, the brigade came first under fire of the battery, then in range of the enemy's infantry. Delivering volley after volley, my men continued a rapid and uninterrupted advance upon the battery and its supports. As they approached the guns three of them were limbered up and carried off at a run along the turnpike. One remained and continued to fire until my men were so near it as to have their faces burned by its discharges. Without faltering, they pressed forward, and the piece was taken. at this point a flanking fire was opened upon my right by a body of the enemy which was advancing on the opposite side of the road and passing to my right and rear. I at once formed a portion of the Second Mississippi Regiment along the road and at right angles to the line of advance, and returned the fire with effect, the enemy braking and retiring. The Second Mississippi now pressed forward beyond the road, and, together with the Texas Brigade, on the right, cleared the field of the enemy. Meantime, on the left, my other regiments -Fourth Alabama, Elevent Mississippi, and Sixth North Carolina - re-enforced by the Twenty-third South carolina, were advancing and driving the enemy before them. The advance was continued until darkness prevented further operations. I ordered a halt, and established my line across the turnpike, half a mile from the position whence the advance began. A charge of cavalry on the road and an infantry attack on the extreme left were made after dark. both were easily repulsed. The opposing force of the enemy, as I learned from captured officers, consisted of General King's division, of four brigades, and a battery of howitzers. On e piece was captured and about 100 prisoners. Among the prisoners were Captain [J. A.] Judson, assistant adjutant-general to General [J. P.] Hatch, and Captain [George A.] Gerrish, of the battery.

During the night of the 29th, under orders form General Hood, I resumed the position to the rear of Groveton which I had occupied in the morning.

At daylight on the 30th the enemy advanced a heavy line of skirmishers toward this point. These were met by mi riflemen and those from the Texas Brigade, and sharp skirmishing continued until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when the main attack of the enemy began. This attack, which was made by General Morell's (Federal) division on

