
General Jackson's right, in full view of my position, was no sooner repulsed than the whole line was ordered forward, and my brigade advanced to Groveton in support of a battery which was places at that point. Here it remained for half an hour or more under a terrific fire of artillery, when I receive orders form General Hood to move across the turnpike to the left of the right of the road, which commanded a view of the field, I perceived large numbers of our troops pressing into the right toward the Blackburn Ford road. Unable to distinguish the locality of the Texas Brigade, and seeding that the enemy was pushing a heavy force into the ravine and pine thickets directly in front of me, and just below Dogan's house, apparently for the purpose of securing their formidable battery posted there, I carried forward three regiments to that point. Placing the Sixth North Carolina and Fourth Alabama in the pines and the Second Mississippi on their left and at the foot of the hill on which the hose is situated, I waited a short time for the Eleventh Mississippi, which had been directed to move upon the battery form the left of the turnpike, intending to attack at the same time from the right with the Second Mississippi. While in their position the enemy advanced on the right of the house, but was repulsed by a well-directed and destructive fire from the Sixth North Carolina a and Fourth Alabama. The Eleventh Mississippi not coming up, I united the Sixth North Carolina and Fourth Alabama with the Second Mississippi and moved upon the battery, which, taking time by the forelock, escaped, when the infantry was beaten. The enemy's wounded and a few prisoners were left in our hands. I continued the advance beyond dogan's house, driving the enemy backward until after dark, when, by General Longstreet's order, I halted for the night.

At daylight on the 31st nothing was to be seen of the enemy except evidences of a precipitate retreat.

A mistake in the delivery of my order to the Eleventh Mississippi Regiment to advance on the left of the warrenton turnpike caused it to move to the right, near Chinn's house, and by this means it was detached form the rest of my command. It advanced with the troops in that part of the field, fighting gallantly nd incurring heavy loss, and at night rested on our most advanced line.

Captain Reilly's battery was detached from the brigade, and, together with the other batteries of the division, was placed under command of Major Frobel, chief of artillery of the division. Following closely after the infantry, the batteries contributed their full share to the success of the day.

In both actions the conduct of the troops was admirable. On the 30th their maneuvers under severe fire were characterized by the promptness and precision of veterans, no disorganization or confusion occurring while in action. This was due in a great measure to the efficiency of my field and staff officers.

Colonel [P. F.] Liddell, of the Eleventh, and Colonel Stone, of the Second, Mississippi; Lieutenant-Colonel [O. K.] McLemore, Fourth Alabama, and Major [R. F.] Webb, Sixth North Carolina, commanding regiments, handled their men with consummate ability.

The officers of my personal staff - Lieutenants [L. R.] Terrell and Cussons - endered the most valuable service, discharging every duty faithfully and gallantly. Lieutenant Cussons was captured by the enemy while on a reconnaissance in front of the lines. Privates Smith, Fourth Alabama, and Sharpe, Hampton Legion, acting as officers, also contributed valuable assistance.

