
under cover of a wood, I deemed it prudent to fall back a short distance, feeling assured that the enemy was in force behind his skirmishers. I now sent Major [Arthur] Herbert (Seventeenth Regiment) to ascertain whether or not we had any troops on my right. On his return he informed me there were none immediately on our right. At this time Major Palmer rode up and I made him acquainted with the fact. I informed him of our situation and suggested that some troops should be placed on our right. He went off, and in a short time General Drayton (with his brigade) reported with orders to relieve me. I then moved east of the railroad and connected with the Twenty-fourth, in line in rear of the house, keeping in front a line of pickets until the morning of the 30th, connecting with General Drayton on the right and Colonel Benning (commanding Toomb's brigade) on the left.

At 3 o'clock Colonel Hunton (Eighth Virginia), commanding Pickett's brigade, brought the order that this brigade, with the others of your command, were to occupy at 5 p. m. a wood near the Chinn house, in front of the line then occupied by Jenkins and Hunton. General Jenkins, Colonel Hunton, and myself then rode forward and viewed the ground. It was agreed that they should advance and occupy the position while I would support them. At 4.30 o'clock your aide (Captain Flood) brought me an order to move forward in haste to the support of Jenkins and Hunton. I promptly obeyed, and overtook the two brigades advancing. I at once put my command in line about 250 yards in rear of the two advancing brigades, keeping my distance as when moved forward. Near the Chinn house, while under fire of the enemy's infantry and artillery, I pushed forward, changing front so as to cover the ground just before occupied by Hunton's (Pickett's) brigade. In passing the Chinn house it was necessary to face the Twenty-fourth Regiment (Colonel [William R.] Terry's) to the left and file to the right. after passing this obstacle it came into line beautifully, and the whole line then became hotly engaged.

At this time, discovering a battery of the enemy to the left and rear of the Chinn house, I ordered a charge of the whole lien. The order was gallantly responded to and brilliantly executed, the enemy being driven front their guns. Great gallantry was displayed by all engaged, Lieutenant-Colonel [F. G.] Skinner, First Virginia, dashing forward in advance of the whole line, was the first to reach the battery, and I saw him dealing deadly blows with his saber to the Yankee gunners. The steady veteran Terry, with the gallant Twenty-fourth, delivered a destructive volley into the enemy's ranks on our left and packed forward to the charge. The valiant Patton led the heroic Seventh Virginia.

Its list of casualties in officers and men gives proof they were where the battle raged fiercely. Colonel [W. T.] Patton, Lieutenant-Colonel [C. C.] Flowerree, Major [A. A.] Swindler, and Adjutant [H. F.] Patton all fell severely wounded in this brilliant onset. The ever-ready First, as usual, did its work manfully. Major [Adam] Clement, with the war-worm Eleventh, moved forward with veteran firmness. The Seventeenth, led by the ardent Lieutenant-Colonel [Motron] Marye, advanced imperfect line. Just before reaching the battery Colonel Marye fell, wounded severely (leg since amputated), and under the command of the intrepid Major Herbert the regiment continued the charge. The charge was a success; the enemy was driven from his guns, his infantry support scattered, and his battery taken. My line was now somewhat broken, owing to the impetuosity of the charge, and seeing the enemy advancing his reserves, I dispatched my assistant adjutant-general

