
General Hood, after charging the batteries in the center, was compelled to fall back, which was done in good order. Stevens' command, coming up immediately afterward, held the enemy until relieved timely by Major General R. H. Anderson's division.

In this engagement the loss of Evans' brigade was very severe, the loss being 14 officers and 98 enlisted men killed, 48 officers and 463 enlisted men wounded, and 8 enlisted men missing.

Among the killed were the gallant Colonel J. H. Means, of the Seventeenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, and Colonel J. M. Gadberry, of the Eighteenth Regiment. These brave men were shot down while nobly leading their regiments into action. Colonel Gadberry was killed instantly. Colonel Means (mortally wounded) survived two days. It is but justice to the memory of these noble and gallant officers to mention my appreciation of their valuable services. Colonel Means, though much advanced in years, ever exhibited the energy of youth in battling our ruthless for and devoting his whole ability to our sacred causes. His dearth fully exemplifies his devotion to his country.

Colonel Gadberry was conspicuous during the battle for his dauntless conduct and unflinching firmness.

Among the wounded were the brave and energetic Major F. G. Palmer, of the Holcombe Legion, and the gallant Colonel H. L. Benbow, of the Twenty-first [Twenty-third] Regiment.

The list of the other gallant dead and wounded officers is herewith inclosed,* and I would respectfully refer the major-general commanding to the reports of their immediate commands for the history of their actions.

To Colonel P. F. Stevens, of the Holcombe Legion, commanding the brigade, I am much indebted for his untiring zeal and dauntless courage, cheering his men under heavy fire during the entire engagement.

My command succeeded in driving the enemy from their batteries with great slaughter and turning his own batteries against his retreating forces.

A large number of small-arms and accouterments and three stands of colors were captured.

For the action of the Texas and Third Georgia Brigades I respectfully refer to the reports of General Hood and the colonels commanding.+

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Respectfully submitted.

N. G. EVANS,

Brigadier-General.

Major G. MOXLEY SORREL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Right Wing.

No. 159. Report of Colonel P. F. Stevens, Holcombe Legion, commanding Evans' brigade, of operations August 23 -September 2.
HDQRS. HOLCOMBE LEGION, SOUTH CAROLINA VOLS.,Near Winchester, Va., October 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to an order from General Evans I have the

---------------

*Embodied in No. 128, p.561.

+For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp.939-941.

---------------

