
honor to submit the following report of the actions participated in by the troops under my command, first as colonel of my own regiment and secondly as commanding officer of Evans' brigade:

BATTLE OF RAPPAHANNOCK STATION.

On August 23 last, at an early hour of the morning, my regiment was put in position near where the Orange and Alexandria Railroad crosses the Rappahannock. The duty assigned me was to support the Washington Artillery, which almost immediately engaged the enemy. About 10 a. m. I was ordered to co-operate with Colonel Anderson's brigade, on my right, in an attack upon a fortified hill just beyond a small stream and to the front and east of my position. Upon perceiving Colonel Anderson in motion I moved forward, crossed the stream under a fire of grape and canister, and advanced to the top of the hill. The work were found deserted, but bearing evident signs of recent occupation, such as tools in the trenches, fresh meat, &amp;c. Scarcely had we gained the hill when a heavy fire was opened upon in from several batteries. Ordering my men to shelter themselves, I advanced to reconnoiter. Nothing was to be seen but an unoccupied hill in front and about a mile beyond one of the batteries which was playing upon me. I sent word to General Evans that I would hold the hill until further orders.

About 1 or 2 o'clock word was brought me that the enemy was advancing. I moved forward the right wing to a stone fence at the foot of the vacant hill above mentioned. Seeing no advance of the enemy, Major [W. J.] Crawley, with Sergeant Hogg, Company G, crept to the top of the hill (the sharpshooters were active), and discovered that the enemy were entirely beyond the river, and that the railroad bridge was afire. A smoke had been visible for some time.

Later in the afternoon our batteries opened fire on the right, and the enemy not replying, I sent forward a detachment of skirmishers under Lieutenant T. C. Brady, Company A, who found the enemy gone. From the traces found in the shape of boxes, knapsacks, cannon shot, &c., I think there had been a camp and section of artillery on the hill during the morning, and that on the approach of our troops to the first hill the enemy had hastily retired, burning the bridge.

Being directed to search for a ford, I caused the river to be examined for a mile each way, but found only the ford at the bridge, then impassable for artillery and wagons.

After burying my dead I returned to camp. My men behaved well both in the charge and while lyon inactive, exposed for hours to an incessant and destructive artillery fire.

BATTLE OF MANASSAS.

On August 29, after a fatiguing day's march, my regiment, with the rest of the brigade, was put in line of battle in support of General Hood's brigade. The line was scarcely formed when the order was given, "Forward." The obscurity of the hour caused me to separate form the brigade; but I moved forward until within a few yards of the enemy's camp-fires. I was met by a messenger, who assured me that the camp was already occupied by a Texas regiment. Halting, I sent a messenger to report to General Evans.

On the march and during the halt several prisoners were taken by my men, among them 1 captain and 1 lieutenant, both wounded.

