
killed and wounded attest their bravery; and after the battle I myself recovered both killed and wounded from much more advanced portions of the field than that at which I left them.

Lieutenant Colonel F. G. Palmer, commanding the Legion, was seriously wounded, as you are well aware. Major Crawley was also severely wounded, so that I can get no official report of the Legion form either of these officers. In fact, all of my best officers were either killed of wounded, so that subsequent to the engagement I had to put the Legion under command of my adjutant, Lieutenant W. P. Du Bose, for want of a proper officer of the line.

The commanding officers of the regiments will, I presume, give you detailed accounts of their respective commands.

Mr. H. L. Stevens (who had been associated with me for some months as my volunteer aide), Dr. R. Y. Dwight, and Sergt. Major R. S. Rutledge were acting as my aides during this battle, and rendered me valuable service. I cannot here refrain form bearing testimony to the high character and courage of Mr. Stevens. At the battle of the Rappahannock he was conspicuous for his calm self-possession, as perfect as if upon parade, and in this terrific engagement he bore himself with all the fearless courage of a Christian soldier until stricken down by five separate wounds. None of his wounds seemed at all dangerous, but they terminated his life after much suffering. Although he did not bear the commission of his country, he fell in her defense eminently deserving it.*

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. F. STEVENS,

Colonel Holcombe Legion, South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain A. L. EVANS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 160. Report of Colonel F. W. McMaster, Seventeenth South Carolina Infantry, of operations August 6-30.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 20, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to your order to report the actin of the Seventeenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle in which it was been engaged since it came to Virginia I have the honor to submit the following:

MALVERN HILL.

The regiment, under Colonel Means, was deployed as skirmishers, and marched through a body of woods about 6 p. m. August 6, driving in the skirmishers of the enemy. About night-fall we rested, under order of General Evans, in an open field. At this place we took one of the enemy's troopers a prisoner. Colonel Means sent forward Company A, under command of Captain Culp, ad an advance guard. In a few minutes it engaged a company of cavalry of the enemy, which immediately retreated, leaving on of their dead on the ground. About 12 p. m. the regiment was ordered back.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp.941, 942.

---------------

