
RAPPAHANNOCK STATION.

August 23 Colonel Means was ordered to support Colonel Stevens, who had gone to a hill just opposite the batteries of the enemy, located on the other side of the river.

At 8 a. m. the regiment was marched by flank and then in line of battle under the heavy fire of the batteries. When it reached the hill it was in a place of comparative security until the enemy opened an enfilading fire, which as soon as I discovered I marched the regiment by the right flank to a securer place. After the regiment was exposed for above five hours to a severe shelling, without the opportunity to fire a single gun, it was ordered to retreat.

In this engagement we had 1 man killed, 1 severely and 3 slightly wounded.

SECOND MANASSAS.

On August 29 we were ordered to advance in direction of the firing about 7 p. m. On the march --- Parker, private in Company F, was killed. We were not allowed to fire, as one of our own regiments was in advance, and as it was too dark to distinguish the enemy.

After resting on our arms until 10 a. m. we were ordered to retire and occupy a position in rear of General Hood's brigade.

August 30, about 3.30 p. m., under command of Colonel Stevens, acting brigadier-general, the brigade was ordered forward to support Hood's brigade. After marching in line of battle thorough a piece of woods for near a half a mile we were ordered to march by the left flank until nearly the whole regiment cane into an old field with a few small pines in it. Then the regiment was again marched forward in line of battle up a hill in direction of the Chinn house in face of a terrific fire of the enemy, which was concentrated from two batteries, one on each side, and a regiment of infantry a short distance in front. Near this place our noble chief, Colonel Means, was mortally wounded, and died two days after, lamented not only by every man in his command, but by every good citizen of South Carolina. After faltering a few moments under the fearful shower of shot and shell the regiment rushed forward and the enemy retreated. The regiment charged over the hill, driving the enemy before us. When about 300 yards beyond the Chinn house I discovered for the first time that there were very few of the regiment around me, and not a field or commissioned officer of the brigade except Captain [J. W.] Avery and Lieutenant [N. A.] Burley, who retired upon the appearance of a new regiments of the enemy by at least two new regiments in 150 yards of me, I ordered the men to retire beyond the brow of the hill to form a new line of battle, but did not succeed in collecting them in sufficient numbers for this purpose, and they were not reformed during the rest of the engagement.

The regiment was engaged in a fierce struggle with the enemy for about an hour, from 4 to 5 p. m. During the battle I observed some instances of heroism among officers and men. One I think deserves especial mention in this report. It is the case of Samuel Wallace, private in Company I, who was 15 or 20 paces ahead of every one else, coolly loading and firing, and who did not retire until ordered to do so by me.

Company E, under Captain [E. R.] Mills, was not actively engaged in this battle, it being detached at a guard to Boyce's artillery during the day.

