
the opposite side of the river that enfiladed us from the left flank and opened fire upon us. As the battery was entirely our of our reach its position enforced a change of our position, which was immediately accomplished by moving by the right flank around the hill to the right side of it.

At this stage in the progress of the contest, it being impossible to employ infantry successfully (the enemy being all beyond the river), and as in our new position we were exposed to a flank fire from a battery on our right, under orders from General Evans the regiment retired under a very heavy fire out of view of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. WALLACE,

Colonel Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain [A. L.] EVANS.

CAMP NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 21, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions from brigade headquarters I have the honor to report:

On Friday, August 29, the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers, under the command of Colonel J. M. Gadberry, and constituting a part of General Evans' brigade, arrived near the famous battle-field of Manassas. At the time of the arrival of the regiment a battle was in progress between Confederate forces and the enemy. The Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers was halted in the road just out of the range of the shot and shell of the enemy. In a short time it was marched to the right of the road in the fields and advanced into a body of woods that was occupied at the time by Hodd's brigade, the battle all the while raging in our front. Pausing a moment in these woods, we went by a flank across the road we had left and upon the edge of the open found that was the theater of conflict. Having cleared the road, which was being shelled by the enemy, we marched to the front in line of battle and entered the open battle ground, and advanced at double-quick time toward the position of the enemy. Having advanced half way across the open ground and finding no enemy, we crossed the road to the right again in the direction of heavy firing. Immediately after crossing, and our front enemy, we received a sharp volley of musketry from a heavy body of the enemy immediately in our front. We paused but a moment while returning this fire, and then charged with shouts in double-quick time, and the enemy fled in disorder. As we were thus rapidly advancing Texas and Georgia regiments debouched form the woods upon our right and joined us in the pursuit of the enemy. Darkness had now come on, but the pursuit and desultory firing continued. we passed rapidly over the ground that had been occupied by the enemy and down a steep declivity, upon the crest of which their line of battle had been formed, and at the bottom of which we captured several prisoners, who cheered our men as we passed on, saying, "Go on, boys; go on; we are yours; take the balance." We continued to press forward until we had crossed the creek and ascended the hill upon the opposite side. The Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers having become separated from the rest of the brigade in the darkness, and being far in advance, the regiment was halted upon the crest of the hill and upon the side of the creek next to the enemy, and here we remained until orders were conveyed to us from Brigadier-General Evans to retire and take up a position for the next

