
day's contest, which all knew was coming and would be severe. Before daylight we were in position in the edge of the skirt of woods we had left the afternoon before to attack the enemy.

Early in the morning the battle of July [August] 30 began. The Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers was posted in the skirt of woods above described. Across a field in our front and some 200 yards or more in breadth the edge of another skirt of woods was occupied by General Hood's brigade, which our brigade was to support. Toward midday heavy musketry fighting began on our left. Soon we saw Hood's brigade move forward, and then we received the order to advance. The Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers, with the brigade, moved in line of battle to the front. Hood's brigade engaged the first line of the enemy and drove him form the field before we could reach the ground to participate in the engagement. In the mean time we were subjected to a tremendous fire from two batteries of the enemy, one of which, however, was soon silenced by the troops in our front whom we were supporting. Onward we rapidly went without being able to see the enemy for the intervening woods, but suffering severely form his batteries. through woods and over fields we advanced, our line torn by shell and somewhat disordered by the rapidity went without being able to see the enemy foe the intervening woods, but suffering severely from his batteries. Through woods and over fields we advanced, our line torn by shell and somewhat disordered by the rapidity of the advance, the denseness of the woods, and the number of killed and disabled. At last we entered the open ground, still occupied by the enemy. As we rose to the crest of a slight ridge a line of the enemy was suddenly discovered, who poured a volley into our thinned ranks, and here some of our best officers fell, among them Colonel Gadberry. He fell pierced by a ball through the heart and expired almost immediately. The fire of the enemy was promptly and vigorously returned by the troops, and the enemy broke and fled in the utmost disorder. In the mean time a heavy battery of the enemy was playing from the left upon our flank. Toward this our attention was then directed, and with a handful of men we advanced upon it, and when close upon it, and when what of its support that could be seen were in flight, another line of the enemy advanced form behind the hill upon which the battery was placed and composed of at least a brigade of the enemy, and being without support, we were compelled to retire.

The loss of the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers in this engagement was very heavy, being nearly or quite half the number that went into action. Many of our best officers fell. Colonel Gadberry, as previously stated, died almost immediately. His loss was deeply deplored by the regiment. He was governed by the highest principle to which an officer owes allegiance - a fixed purpose to do his duty.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

W. H. WALLACE,

Colonel Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain [A. L.] EVANS.

No. 162. Report of Major M. Hilton, Twenty-second South Carolina Infantry, of engagement at Rappahannock Station.

NEAR WINCHESTER, VA.,

October 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders I herewith give you as correct an account as can possibly be given of what part the Twenty-second Regiment

