
South Carolina Volunteers assumed in the engagements during the months of August and September, commencing at the Rappahannock River on August 23; also at South Mountain or Boonsborough, Md., and in the vicinity of Sharpsburg, Md., from September 15 to 18:

Before proceeding to give a report of the above-named engagements I feel that it is due to the regiment that they should be approved for the steadiness and courage evinced by them during the five days they were actively engaged with the enemy, especially when it is considered that they were brought from the coast of South Carolina, and from the day of leaving Charleston until after the battle of Sharpsburg it was a continuous series of forced marches and battles. Wearied out by fatigue and exposure and many ill, they stood to their posts until exhausted nature could stand no more. Colonel T. C. Watkins having been killed at Boonsborough early in the engagement, and the command of the regiment devolving on myself, I find it is with difficulty that I can give as full and detailed account of report as I would wish to do.

Before concluding I would say that there are officers and men who deserve special mention for the courage, fortitude, and patience with which they endured the dangers and privations of those eventful days.

BATTLE OF RAPPAHANNOCK STATION.

On Saturday, August 23, about 6 a. m., formed line of battle na marched to the support of batteries placed near the Rappahannock River, regiment commanded by Colonel S. D. Goodlett. After taking position was ordered forward to a hedge-row and commanded to lie down. After remaining thus for about two hours or more was ordered forward again. After marching about 300 yards was ordered to charge a supposed battery of the enemy. On nearing the position it was found deserted, together with the rifle pits of the enemy. After retiring a short distance from this position the regiment was ordered back to its old camp. During all of the above movements the regiment was subjected to a heavy and continuous shelling from the enemy.

The casualties were: Killed, 9; wounded, 8. Total, 17.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

Very respectfully,*

M. HILTON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Captain A. L. EVANS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 163. Report of Captain M. V. Bancroft, Twenty-third South Carolina Infantry, of operations August 6-30.

NEAR WINCHESTER, VA., October 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following brief report of the actions of this regiment since it left the coast of South Carolina:

On our arrival at Richmond, July 27, we were ordered to the Fair Grounds, where we encamped for the night.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp.948,949.

---------------

