
The next morning, in compliance with orders, we started for Taylor's farm, near Laurel Hill, then brigade headquarters. Here we remained until August 6, our time employed in drilling and working on the intrenchments on New Market road.

On the morning of the 6th we moved with the brigade toward Malvern Hill, and on the afternoon of the same day were deployed to the left as skirmishers, with orders to scour the woods and drive in the enemy's pickets. This we accomplished, exchanging shots until night-fall, when we attempted to rejoin the brigade, but did not succeed until morning.

On the 7th we returned to camp and resumed our duties.

On the morning of August - we were ordered to Richmond, and the same day left for Gordonsville. Here we remained all night, and were ordered to Quarles' farm, a few miles off, where we staid several days.

August 16 we took up the line of march, nothing of note occurring until we arrived near Stevensburg, on the Rapidan.

On the 21st the head of the column encountered the enemy here, and after an engagement of several hours we resumed the march, passing Stevensburg that night. We continued the march the next day, and encamped at night near Beverly Ford, on the Rappahannock.

At 3 a. m. on the 23rd were formed in line of battle about 3 miles from the ford, but were afterward moved nearer. The enemy, who ere strongly posted on an eminence on the same side of the river, were then engaging our batteries. About 6 a.m. we were detached and ordered to support a battery on our left, which we did, being under a very heavy fore for four hours, a part of which time we were enfiladed by their cross-fire, and had to change our front. Our loss in this engagement was 11 killed and wounded. We encamped on the same ground that we occupied the night before.

On the 25th, the column having again engaged the enemy at Waterloo, we halted, a sharp fire being kept up all day. At night we were put on picket at Glenn's Ford, a little higher up the stream, where we had 3 men wounded. During the night the enemy abandoned his position, and in the morning a part of the regiment was thrown across the river as skirmishers, but they did not meet with any opposition. they then returned, and we rejoined the brigade, then marching toward ---, where we crossed at night and encamped for the night.

The march was continued on the next day, and nothing of moment occurred until the 29th, excepting the passage through Thoroughfare gap, in which contest, however, we were not engaged.

Early on the 29th we formed line of battle at Gainesville, but afterward moved up the pike. We then returned to Gainesville, but finally moved up the pike and formed on the left near Groveton. About sunset we were ordered to charge the enemy. During the charge we were fired into by Hood's and Pickett's brigades. we then crossed over to the right of the road, and night coming on put an end to the advance. Between 8 and 9 p. m. we were charged by a body of cavalry, who were, however, repulsed with no loss to ourselves, the loss during the day being 4 wounded.

At night we fell back some distance, and next morning moved up with the brigade to the support of Hood's brigade, during which time we lost several men. At 3 p. m. they advanced, and we followed. The engagement now became general and lasted until after night-fall.

All of our field officers were wounded any many from the line. Our entire loss amounted to 152 out of 225 carried into action.

It were needless to mention the fatigue, hardships, and suffering endured

