
night. The advance was made with great spirit and determination and under a leader worthy of a better cause. Assailed by the batteries of Poague and carpenter and some of General Hill's division, and apparently seeing that there was danger of its retreat being cut off by our other troops if it continued to move forward, it soon commenced retreating, and being subjected to a heavy fire from our batteries was soon routed, leaving its killed and wounded upon the field. Several brigades of General Hill's division pressed forward in pursuit. In this conflict the Federal commander, General Taylor, was mortally wounded. Our loss was small.

In the afternoon of the same day heavy columns of the enemy were seen approaching Bristoe Station from the direction of Warrenton Junction and on the right of the railroad. General Ewell promptly made his dispositions to meet them. So soon as the enemy came within range the batteries of his division opened upon them from their several positions, as did also the Sixth and Eighth Louisiana and Sixtieth Georgia Regiments. By this combined fire two columns of the enemy, of not less than a brigade each, were driven back; but fresh columns soon supplied their places, and it was obvious that the enemy was advancing in heavy force. General Ewell's instructions were, if hard pressed, to fall back and join the main command at Manassas Junction, and orders were accordingly given for the withdrawal of his forces north of Broad Run. At the moment of issuing this order a portion of the troops were actively engaged and the enemy advancing, and yet the withdrawal of the infantry and artillery was conducted with perfect order, General Early closing up the rear. The Federals halted near Bristoe Station, and General Ewell moved without further molestation, Colonel Munford, of the Second, and Colonel [T. L.] Rosseer, of the Fifth, Virginia Cavalry bringing up his rear to Manassas. The destruction of the railroad bridge across Broad Run was intrusted to Lieutenant (now captain) [J. K.] Boswell, of the Engineer Corps, under whose superintendence the duty was promptly and efficiently executed. Orders were given to supply the troops with rations and other articles which they could properly make subservient to their use from the captured property. It was vast in quantity and of great value, comprising 50,000 pounds of bacon, 1,000 barrels of corned beef, 2,000 barrels of salt pork, 2,000 barrels of flour, quartermaster's, ordnance, and sutler's stores deposited in buildings and filling two trains of cars. Having appropriated all that we could use, and unwilling that the residue should again fall into the hands of the enemy, who took possession of the place next day, orders were given to destroy all tht remained after supplying the immediate wants of the army. This was done during the night. General Taliaferro moved his division that night across to the Warrenton and Alexandria turnpike, pursuing the road to Sudley's Mill, and crossing the turnpike in the vicinity of Groveton, halted near the battle field of July 21, 1861. Ewell's and Hill's divisions joined Jackson's on the 28th.

My command had hardly concentrated north of the turnpike before the enemy's advance reached the vicinity of Groveton from the direction of Warrenton. General Stuart kept me advised of the general movements of the enemy, whole Colonel Rosser, of the cavalry, with his command, and Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, commanding Campbell's brigade, remained in front of the Federals and operated against their advance. Dispositions were promptly made to attack the enemy, based upon the idea that he would continue to press forward upon the turnpike toward Alexandria; but as he did not appear to advance in force, and there was reason to believe that his main body was leaving the road

