
Leesburg, and on the 4th bivouacked near the Big Spring between Leesburg and the Potomac.

The official reports of the casualties of my command in its operations from the Rappahannock to the Potomac will show a loss of 75 officers killed and 273 wounded, 730 non-commissioned officers and privates killed, 3,273 wounded, and 35 missing, making a total loss of 4,387.

Colonel S. Crutchfield, chief of artillery, discharged his duties well. The conduct of officers and men during the various engagements described was such as to entitle them to great praise. The wounded were skillfully cared for my medical director Dr. Hunter McGuire.

In the transmission of orders I was greatly assisted during the expedition by the following members of my staff: Colonel A. Smead, assistant inspector-general; Major E. F. Paxton, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain R. E. Wilbourn, chief signal officer; First Lieutenant H. K. Douglas, assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant J. G. Morrison, aide-de-camp, and Colonel William L. Jackson, volunteer aide-de-camp. Captain Wilbourn was so severely wounded at the battle of Groveton as to be unable to go farther with the army. The ordnance, 	quartermaster's, and commissary departments were well managed by their respective chiefs, Majs. G. H. Bier, J. A. Harman, and W. J. Hawks.

For further information respecting the detailed movements of troops and the conduct of individuals I would respectfully refer you to the accompanying reports. For these great and signal victories our sincere and humble thanks are due unto Almighty God. We should in all things acknowledge the hand of Him who reigns in heaven and rules among the armies of men. In view of the arduous labors and great privations the troops were called to endure and the isolated and perilous position which the command occupied while engaged with greatly-superior numbers of the enemy we can but express the grateful conviction of our mind that God was with us and gave to us the victory, and unto His holy name be the praise.

I amu, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-General.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

A. A. and I. G., Hdqrs. Dept. Northern Virginia.

No. 166. Report of Captain J. K. Boswell, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer, of operations August 13-28.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,February 12, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report on the evening of August 13, 1862, having just returned form Clark's Mountain, a very elevated point 3 miles east of Rapidan Station, I reported to Major-General Jackson the following as being the position of the enemy's forces on the opposite side of the Rapidan: The main body encamped around the slopes of Garnett's and Slaughter Mountains; one division 1 mile north of Culpeper Court-House, on the Brandy Station road, and a small force between Mitchell's Station and Lime Church. General Jackson then directed me to examine, and on the following day to report to him, the

