
a crossing and the remainder of the troops moved across the country (keeping as much as possible under cover) to Dr. M. P. Scott's farm, just opposite Lee's Springs. General Early's brigade and a portion of Lawton's brigade were advanced across the Rappahannock and took position respectively on the Foxville and Warrenton roads. Heavy musketry firing during the evening announced that the enemy had crossed the river and attacked General Trimble, but later it was found that the had driven them back. A very heavy fall of rain during the night raised the Rappahannock so much as to render it entirely impassable, the bridge having been destroyed by the enemy in their retreat.

Early on the morning of the 23rd Lieuts. Conway R. Howard and H. J. Rogers, engineers, of General Hill's staff, commenced to build a temporary bridge for the passage of General Early's troops. About 11 a. m. General Jackson, fearing lest the enemy might advance heavy force against General Early before the bridge could be finished, ordered me to point out to General Early's assistant adjutant-general, Major Hale, a road by which the brigade might be moved to Waterloo in case it should be forced sunset, I found the bridge completed and General Early engaged in an artillery fight with the enemy, advancing on the Foxville road. They were driven back, and during back, and during the night General Early recrossed into Culpeper.

A fierce cannonade was kept up during the entire day of the 24th between our batteries on the hills near Dr. Scott's and those of the enemy on the opposite side of the river. About 3 p. m. I received an order form General Jackson to report immediately to him at Jefferston, which being done, he directed me to select the most direct and covered route to Manassas. I recommended that by Amissville, Henson's Mill, Orleans, salem, Thoroughfare, and Gainesville, which he approved, and directed me to select guards, which I did from Captain, and advance to Salem, which place I reached, via Orleans and Thumb Run Church, about 4 p. m. without encountering any portion of the enemy's force. Later in the evening Colonel Munford came up with the Second Virginia Cavalry, and we spent the night in the town, the advance of the infantry encamping a mile south of town.

Early on the morning of the 26th General Ewell moved forward, followed by A. P. Hill and Taliaferro, passing through the Plains and Thoroughfare Gap to Gainesville. Here, leaving the Manassas road and moving to the right, the advance came in sight of Bristoe Station, on Orange and Alexandria Railroad, about sunset, just after on of the enemy's trains of cars passed the station. Advancing suddenly, the Louisiana Brigade captured a number of prisoners acting as depot and bridge guard. In a few minutes another train came in sight moving in the direction of Alexandria. It was fired upon by the Louisiana Brigade and an attempt made to stop it, but without effect. A third train soon came in sight and was fired upon. The track a short distance beyond the depot had been previously removed, and the train, consisting of an engine, witch about twenty empty cars, was thrown down a high embankment and very much broken. A fifth train shared the

