
same fate. Still another came in sight, but returned in the direction of Warrenton. General Jackson directed me to move the engines and cars across Broad Run Bridge in the direction of Manassas Junction, but I reported after an examination that the engine and cars were so broken that it would be impossible to move them. He then ordered me to destroy the bridge over Broad Run and at daybreak on the following morning to fire the cars and engines, which was done. During the night General Stuart, with a portion of his cavalry, and General Rimble's brigade, of Ewell's division, took possession of Manassas Junction, and early on the following morning (27th) Generals Taliaferro's and A. P. Hill's division joined them at that point. General Ewell, with Taylor's, Lawton's, and Early's brigades, remained at Bristoe. After completing the destruction of the trains and bridge, in which I was assisted by Captain C. R. Howard and Lieutenant H. J. Rogers, of General A. P. Hill's staff, I joined General Jackson just in time to see the rear of the enemy's retreating column. During the evening General Ewell had a brisk engagement with the advance of Pope's army, moving from Warrenton in the direction of Alexandria. He fell back to Manassas Junction about sunset. During the night the entire command marched in the direction of Sudley's Mill and bivouacked between Catharpin Creek and Sudley's Mill, 1 mile north of Groveton.

On the following day I was taken sick and sent to the rear, and did not rejoin the command until September 19.

Inclosed you will find a map* of the region from Orange Court-House to Sudley's Mill, with the route of this corps designated by a heavy black line.

I am, colonel, most respectfully,

J. K. BOSWELL,

Captain and Chief Engineer, Second Army Corps.

Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Chief of Staff to Lieutenant General T. J. jackson.

Numbers 167. Report of Colonel S. Crutchfield, C. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, of operations August 28-September 1.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, SECOND CORPS,March 14, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the artillery of this army corps in the engagement known as the Second Battle of Manassas:

On the afternoon of Thursday our forces were so disposed that, Sudley Mill being to their left and front, the arc they formed presented a convex front toward the pike from Groveton to Centreville, along which the enemy advanced from Warrenton. About 4.30 p. m., I think, I received orders from General Jackson to move up the whole artillery force which was then lying around Sudley Mill. This I proceeded to do, leaving five pieces of Captains Caskie's and Cutshaw's batteries on the opposite side of the Catharpin Run in position to command the ford there for the security of the wagon train. The batteries of Captains Wooding and Garber [Balthis' battery] (each of four guns) got up first

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

