
heavy fire on their infantry at about 450 yards' distance. The attack was of short duration and they were again repulsed, and this time followed up by General Branch's brigade. In a short time after entering the woods the latter was driven out and followed by the enemy, who were checked at the edge of the woods by the fire of these batteries and again quickly repulsed by fresh infantry (General Lawton's division, I believe) and General Branch's brigade, now reformed. The fight then shifted more to the right as General Gill ordered an advance of has line, the enemy having fallen back obliquely toward our right. As Brigadier-General Pender's brigade advanced directly to the front Captain Crenshaw's battery was moved forward and shelled the woods in front, while Captain Braxton's battery was moved around to the right of General Hill's line and opened fire on the retiring enemy there until General Hood's brigade drove the enemy from their position on the heights opposite Groveton.

On Saturday, the 30th instant, this army corps occupied still the same position. About 3 p. m. the enemy attacked along our front, having advanced from the direction of Centreville. In this attack his line exposed its left flank to batteries on the rising ground from our right across to the Groveton and Warrenton pike. Accordingly the batteries of Captains John R. Johnson, D'Aquin, [W. H.] Rice, [George W.] Wooding, Poague, Carpenter, Brockenbrough, and Latimer were so placed (in all eighteen guns), their right joining the left of General Longstreet's batteries, that their fire was directed upon the last line of the enemy's forces, which was broken under it just as it nearly reached the edge of the woods and never reformed within their range. As soon as it was observed to be giving way I ordered forward Captain [Lieutenant] Garber's battery of four guns at a gallop to move down into the plain below, so as to get an enfilading position on their other lines when they should be repulsed from the woods in which they were engaged with our infantry, and so endeavor to convert the repulse into a rout. Just as the battery was getting into position and the enemy began to fall back from the woods Brigadier-General Early's brigade changed from the woods, and effecting a change of front perpendicularly forward to the left, formed a line between the battery and the enemy, so that the former could not fire. The same movement checked also the fire of all the short-range guns from the hill, and so they were withdrawn, and the others, viz those of Captains Brockenbrough, Latimer, and D'Aquin, were at once moved round to the range of hills to the right of the Groveton and Centreville road, where the enemy were concentrating a very heavy fire of artillery on General Longstreet's line. Here they engaged the enemy's batteries for the remainder of the fight. Captains Wooding's and Carpenter's batteries were retained in their first position, engaging the enemy's batteries so soon as his infantry fell back, while that of Captain Poague was moved down the road along our former front so soon as we advanced, and opened on the opposing troops of the enemy as the movement continued. The five guns at Suddley Ford, under Lieutenant David [R.] Barton, of [W. E.] Cutshaw's battery, were also engaged in repelling an attack of the enemy at that point, which they did, supported by a body of cavalry under Major Patrick.

In this battle we lost no guns. Captain Brockenbrough had two disabled, one having burst, while the vent piece of the other was burned out. One caisson was also exploded. It is impossible to state how many guns were captured. I could never find out. Three we got I know, but four or five others that I saw on the field I do not know whether

