
they belonged to the enemy or whether they were guns that had been exchanged for them

On Monday September 1, in the battle of Ox Hill, we had no artillery engaged. The character of the ground was such that it could not be brought into action. Several batteries were posted so as to check any success of the enemy, but none became engaged. The enemy had engaged only four guns-two Napoleons and two howitzers.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. CRUTCHFIELD,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery, Second Corps.

Colonel C. J. FAULKNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-On the same day two guns of Rice's battery took position between Chantilly and Centreville with the Second Virginia Brigade, under Colonel Bradley T. Johnson. They had a slight engagement with the enemy I know, but I was not there, and do not know the particulars; I presume Colonel Johnson's report will show.

Respectfully,

S. C.

Numbers 168. Report of Brigadier General William B Taliaferro, C. S. Army, commanding First (Jackson's) Division, of operations August 20-28.

RICHMOND, VA., September 16, 1862.

MAJOR: For the information of the major-general commanding I have the honor to report the operations of the First Division (Jackson's) from the time the army moved from Crenshaw's farm, near Orange Court-House, to the 29th ultimo, when by advice of the surgeon I left the army for this place:

On the morning of the 20th I left Cranshaw's farm, following the division of Major-General Ewell, which marched in rear of that of Major General A. P. Hill, and after crossing the Rapidal River at Somerville Ford bivouacked at Stevensburg, in Culpeper Country, for the night.

Next morning I was ordered to move the division to the front, and after passing the divisions of General Jackson's corps near Brandy Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, I was pushed forward toward Cunningham's Ford, on the Rappahannock.

ACTION OF CUNNINGHAM'S FORD.

On approaching this ford I discovered the enemy on the opposite bank (in what force I could not tell), their infantry holding the edge of a corn field and a skirt of woks which approached the river bank and the brows of the hills overlooking the ford. I could not discover their batteries, but supposed they would soon be exhibited. I halted the troops under cover of the woods and ordered to the front, under charge of Major L. [M.] Shumaker, my chief of artillery, the long-range guns of Brocken-brough, Wooding, Poague, and Carpenter. These pieces, having been placed in position, soon developed the position of the enemy's batteries, and after a short resistance silenced their guns, blowing up one of their

