
caissons and dispersed in confusion their infantry. By direction of the major-general the infantry was kept back, while a cavalry force was pushed over the ford to reconnoiter. This force, under Major-General Stuart, re-enforced by a section of Brockenbrough's and Wooding's batteries, remained over the river some two hours, capturing a number of prisoners and many arms, which had been abandoned in their haste to escape the severity of our shelling. Some time after this the enemy was discovered moving large masses up the river from below us. Here, the cavalry having retired, his batteries were again placed in position near the ford and a large party of skirmishers thrown out to the river bank above and below the ford. I at once detailed a sufficient force of sharpshooters from the Third Brigade to hold the river bank, with whom and the enemy an animated skirmish was kept up during the rest of the day.

Toward night the enemy re-enforced his skirmishers with a brigade of infantry, when I directed Major Shumaker to open upon them with his pieces, which, although it drew upon our artillerists a heavy fire, which was continued as long as it was light enough to distinguish objects, had the effect of driving them back in confusion. Our batteries then replied to those of the enemy with deliberation and vigor until dark.

On the following morning I was directed to hold the ford until the other divisions of General Jackson's corps had passed to my left in the direction of Farley Ford, on the Hazel River, and then to follow with my division. I had again on the morning of the 22nd a warm artillery fight with the enemy, resulting, as on the day previous, according to his published reports, in very considerable slaughter to the enemy. Our loss was 20 privates killed and wounded and no officers.

After the other division had made way for me I moved to Farley Ford, on reaching which point I was ordered by General Lee to remain until morning, for the purpose of uniting with General Hood in repressing any demonstration of the enemy at Freeman's Ford, on the Rappahannock. Generals Hood and Trimble were engaged with the enemy, who had crossed the Rappahannock at the time that i approached the Hazel, but had driven them back across the river before I came up with them. We were only subjected to a few shells of the enemy, which did us no harm.

On the 23rd we marched to Scott's farm, near the While Sulphur Springs; on the 24th to within 1 mile of Jeffersonton, each day being subjected to some little shelling.

On the 25th we marched (this division in rear) from Jeffersonton across the Rappahannock at the ford next above Waterloo, and bivouacked near Salem.

On the 26th marched to within a mile of Bristoe Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, passing through Thoroughfare Gap-each of these days without meeting the enemy, who was ignorant of our movements.

SKIRMISH NEAR MANASSAS JUNCTION.

On the morning of the 27th I was ordered to send before daybreak a brigade across Muddy Run by the county road to Manassas Junction. I accordingly sent forward on this service the First Brigade, Colonel Baylor, and followed with the rest of the division as soon as General Hill's division permitted me to move. Colonel Baylor encountered a force of the enemy's cavalry about a mile from the Junction, but soon

