
dispersed them, Poague's battery, of this brigade, doing good practice. Baylor then pushed on beyond the Junction, and aided in the rout of the enemy toward Centreville and afterward returned to Manassas Junction. By the direction of the major-general commanding I assumed command at the Junction; threw out the necessary pickets; made preparation for transporting such of the stored which had been captured by General Trimble on the preceding evening as the captured wagons and our limited transportation would admit of; distributed to our troops as much of the subsistence stores as they could eat and transport in their haversacks, and made preparation for the firing of the immense accumulation of commissary, quartermaster's, ordnance, and other stores, which were contained in the buildings and cars, of which latter there were over 100, all new and in the best order.

At night Major-General Ewell, who had been fighting during the evening at Bristoe Station, having crossed Muddy River, by direction of Major-General Jackson I moved my division, with the entire train, across to the Warrenton and Alexandria turnpike, pursuing the old military road to Sudley Mill, and at daybreak halted on the battlefield of July 21, 1861. The Second Brigade, under command of Colonel Bradley [T.] Johnson, was thrown forward to Groveton; the Third Brigade, Colonel Taliaferro, to Sudley Mill, and First and Fourth held about half a mile beyond the intersection of the turnpike with the Aldie road.

BATTLE OF MANASSAS.

On the morning of the 28th the enemy made demonstrations upon the road leading from Warrenton, which were checked by the Second Brigade, and it was ascertained that he was advancing his columns by the railroad on one side and the Warrenton turnpike on the other; that his intention was to rest the right of his left advance on the turnpike, and the right on the road to Sudley, and to attempt to cross Bull Run at the stone bridge and Sudley Rord. I received orders about 12 m. from the major-general commanding to move forward through the woods to attack his left, which was advancing from the direction of Gainesville toward Sudley. I accordingly pushed the First, Third, and Fourth Brigades in that direction, being followed by Major-General Ewell. After marching some 2 1/2 miles in the direction of Gainesville, and coming to the open fields to the right of Groveton, I discovered that the enemy had abandoned his intention of attempting to cross at Sudley, and was moving off to the right of the Warrenton turnpike; that the troops he had thrown forward had been recalled, and that the whole force which had crossed the turnpike were falling back and recrossing. At the same time I received orders to halt my command. The enemy in great force could now be discovered leaving the turnpike to their left and apparently making for the railroad about Manassas Junction. Our troops were immediately thrown forward in the direction of the turnpike and lines of battle formed parallel to the road. In a short time their skirmishers advanced and were almost immediately supported by an immense force which crossed the turnpike and advanced upon our lines. The First Brigade was at this time on the right, the Fourth next, and the Second some distance on the left, having been withdrawn from Groveton. As soon as the Third Brigade could get up, which was after the action commenced, it was moved first to the support of the batteries on the right and then to the right of the First Brigade. The batteries of Captains Wooding, Poague, and Carpenter were placed

