
Colonel [S. T.] Walker, Major [Joshua] Stover, Tenth Virginia, and Major [A. V.] Scott, Twenty-third Virginia, were wounded while ably discharging their duty. I have no official information of the other casualties.

The Fourth Brigade operated on the extreme left of the division. It was not in my power to be much with this brigade after the action had progressed far, but its gallantry was conspicuous, and the ability of its commander, Brigadier General W. E. Starke, was a guarantee that it did all that the gallant Louisianians who composed it were required to perform. I was witness of their unflinching bravery and heroic conduct under a heavy fire during the earlier part of the engagement. I am ignorant of the casualties in the brigade.

The reports of the brigade, regimental, and battery commanders have, I suppose, been forwarded to you. After the action had terminated I, because of the condition of my wounds, turned over the command of the division to Brigadier-General Starke.

In conclusion, I beg leave to recognize the gallantry of my personal staff and the obligations I am under to them. I beg to mention Major W. T. Taliaferro, assistant adjutant-general; Lieuts. R. K. Meade and P. A. Taliaferro, aides-de-camp, and to testify my regard for the gallantry and good conduct of my orderly, Private Depriest, who was severely wounded, and of Privates Dowman, Bowen, and Tyree, couriers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding First Division, Army of the Valley.

Major E. F. PAXTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 169. Reports of Captain Rawley T. Colston, Second Virginia Infantry, First Brigade, of the battles of Groveton and Manassas.

CAMP WINDER, PAXTON'S BRIGADE,

January 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order, asking a statement of the part taken by the Second Virginia Infantry in the fight of Friday, August 29, I have the honor to make the following report:

Having slept upon our arms on the hard-won battle-field of the 28th, we were ordered about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 29th to move in the direction of a large body of wood directly in our rear, the Second being in front and on the right of the brigade. We had scarcely shown ourselves before the enemy, who occupied the hills in front of us, commenced shelling, without doing any serious damage. After reaching the wood I was ordered to take the road leading in the direction of Sudley Ford. I had not advanced more than half a mile in the woods when least expecting it I came upon the enemy's pickets. I was then ordered to place my men behind a fence which separated the woods from an open field directly on our left, and to keep a sharp lookout upon what appeared to be a regiment of Yankees, who were advancing as skirmishers through a corn field about 600 yards in front of us, and at the same time to send forward 30 men as skirmishers, which I did

