
under charge of Lieutenant George A. S. Davis, of Company A. They were soon forced to retire, a considerable number of the enemy being concealed along the railroad. I was then ordered tom move my entire regiment forward, consisting of not more than 100 men, and clear the woods, if possible, of the enemy. I had advanced but a very short distance when Colonel Baylor informed me that one of General Gregg's regiments would relieve me, ordering me at the same time to fall back into the woods a short distance. We occupied this position until evening, changing front several times while lying here.

I had 1 man killed and several wounded by shell, the enemy still continuing to shell the wood from time to time during the day.

At 3 o'clock we were ordered forward, going at a double-quick most of the time after passing the railroad. We engaged the enemy, the loss in the Second being slight. About 6 o'clock we moved back several miles and spent the night, the enemy continuing to shell us as we retired, doing, however, no damage.

The conduct of the men was very good. To Lieutenant George A. S. Davis, Company A, Second Virginia, I am under many obligations; he, being the only commissioned officer besides myself present, rendered my great assistance.

I inclose a list of the casualties of that day-1 killed and 1 wounded.

I remain, sir, yours, respectfully,

R. T. COLSTON,

Captain, Second Virginia Infantry.

Captain C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAMP WINDER, PAXTON'S BRIGADE,

January 14, 1863.

I will here state that Captain J. W. Rowan, senior captain, had command and started with the regiment on the 29th, but as he was not present when we were ordered into action either in the morning or evening, and I coming next in date of commission, took command. On Saturday, August 30, he handed the command over to me.

Respectfully,

R. T. COLSTON,

Captain, Second Virginia Infantry.

CAMP WINDER, PAXTON'S BRIGADE,

January 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with your order, asking a report of the part taken and positions occupied by the Second Virginia Infantry in the fight of Saturday, August 30, I have the honor to make the following:

About 9 o'clock on the morning of the 30th the men were ordered to supply themselves with ammunition and to be ready to move at a moment's notice. The Second Regiment, occupying the right of the brigade, was the first to move, occupying a position in the woods a mile in advance of the one held on the morning of the day before, our line being drawn up along the edge of the woods and parallel with the railroad, which was directly in front and not more than 200 yards from the woods. This position we were ordered to hold at all hazards. Here

