
we remained inactive until nearly 4 o'clock, with the exception of sharp skirmishing, which was constantly going on along the entire line. A short time before a general attack was made on our position we were shelled most furiously. I was ordered to fall back into the woods about 50 yards. I had scarcely gotten to the new position that was assigned me when the whole brigade was ordered forward, a general engagement having commenced along the entire line. My orders were to get the regiment, if possible, into the railroad cut, which position appeared to be a comparatively safe one. The conflict from the woods to the railroad was terrible, and it was at this time that the casualties in the Second Regiment were the greatest, a number of men being killed and wounded. The enemy having been driven back, our brigade was ordered forward, and had advanced about 2 miles when it was ordered to occupy the Sudley Ford road, in which position we remained until late the next day, sending back a detail to cook ration and bring up ammunition.

The Second numbered nearly 80 men when it went into the fight on August 30. Their conduct was excellent. I annex a list of the killed and wounded: Killed, 3; wounded, 11. Total, 14.

Adjt. R. W. Hunter was particularly active and deserves great credit. I cannot speak i too high terms of Sergeant-Major Burwell, who fell mortally wounded while rendering most valuable aid to the regiment.

I remain, sir, yours, respectfully,

R. T. COLSTON,

Captain, Second Virginia Infantry

Numbers 170. Report of Captain J. Q. A. Nadenbousch, Second Virginia Infantry, of operation August 27-30.

JANUARY 14, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Second Regiment in the battles of Manassas on August 27, 28, 29, and 30, 1862:

A long and weary march followed the crossing of the Rappahannock, nothing worthy of note occurring until we entered the enemy's lines near Bristoe Station, where the Second Regiment (Lieutenant-Colonel Lawson Botts commanding) was put in the advance. Immediately upon crossing the small team at the station a large body of the enemy's cavalry were encountered. A section of Captain Carpenter's battery was at once sent forward and took position on an eminence near the creek, the Second Regiment supporting it. Two companies (D and E), under Captain [R. T.] Colston, were sent forward to reconnoiter and locate the enemy, who soon fled before our forces. The Second, with the other regiments of the brigade, then moved on to Manassas and took possession of an earthwork, where they remained until about 10 p. m., when we marched in a northerly direction and halted at a late hour in the night on the road leading to Sudley Church and on the Gainesville pike. Regiment sustained no loss; Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts commanding.

About 10 a. m. on the 28th instant we marched in a northerly direction on Sudley Church road, arriving near Bull Run; thence west-

