
wardly, and taking position in woods about three-fourths of a mile west of this road. After numerous changes of position in this neighborhood about 4 p. m. we took position in the edge of woods overlooking an open field in the direction and near the Gainesville pike, the Second Regiment being on the left of the brigade. But a short time had elapsed until the occasional shots from our artillery and skirmishers announced the approach of the enemy from the direction of Gainesville. About 5 p. m. we moved forward in this open field, where we were arranged in line of battle. Scarcely were we in position when we were fired upon by the enemy's skirmishers, then in full view. We were then ordered to advance, when our column moved steadily forward in full view of the enemy's lines. On descending a knoll some 150 or 200 yards from the enemy our line was opened upon with a most terrific and deadly fire of musketry from the enemy's lines stationed in the edge of woods and behind a fence. Our men stood the fire like veterans, many falling killed and wounded. They returned the fire promptly and vigorously, and in a few moments the line of the enemy was broken and fled. We then advanced to the edge of the woods, where the enemy, being re-enforced, poured in upon our lines a most terrific fire. Here the gallant Lieutenant Colonel Lawson Botts and many others fell, a full list of whom I give below.* The fire was promptly returned from our lines. Just at this juncture General Lawton's brigade was brought up immediately on our left to our support, when the enemy soon fled. The Second, with the other regiments of the brigade, held the battlefield during the night.

Regiment we into the fight with about 140 muskets.

The casualties were: Killed, 15; wounded, 43. Total 58.

Respectfully submitted.

J. W. A. NADENBOUSCH,

Captain Combain D, Commanding.

Numbers 171. Report of Captain J. B. Evans, Fourth Virginia Infantry, of operations August 28-30.

BUCKNER'S NECK, VA.,

January 14, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to circular I herewith make a report of the part taken by the Fourth Regiment Virginia Infantry in the late battles of Manassas, on August 28, 29, and 30 last:

In the early part of Thursday, the 28th, the Fourth Regiment was deployed as skirmishers in a piece of woodland north of the stone bridge road, and not far from the old railroad, where we remained until evening. We were called in and joined the brigade, which was forming in line of battle in an open field on the farm of Mr. or Mrs. Brown, where we soon advanced, the Fourth Regiment being on the right of the brigade. The scene of action was near the dwelling of Mr. or Mrs. Brown, the right of the Fourth resting on some outbuildings.

In this engagement the regiment acted most gallantly while under a heavy fire of rifle and musketry, and sustained a heavy loss, having entered the action with about 180 men and lost in killed and wounded 76.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

