
The engagement commenced an hour before dark and lasted until night. The regiment was commanded by Colonel Grigsby. We remained all night on the field of battle.

On the 29th there were, I think, 25 men, including officers, with the regiment. The regiment was not actively engaged, though there was some skirmishing with the enemy. We were moved to various positions during the day. The regiment sustained no loss. At twilight the brigade was marched to the rear to rest.

On the morning of the 30th we were marched to the front, and occupied a position near the old cut of the Manassas Independent Railroad, under cover of woods. Our place in the brigade, if I remember right, was the same as we occupied on the 28th. The number of men present and who participated in the battle was 45, including officers. The enemy advanced about 1 p. m. We immediately moved forward our of the woods and took position in the railroad cut. After a short but severe engagement the enemy were driven back with heavy loss. The regiment moved forward with the brigade in pursuit until relieved by another command. We sustained a loss of 1 officer killed and 1 wounded. Dr. Sayers, the surgeon of the regiment, has left his books at Camp Winder. I am therefore unable to give an account of the loss save by my memory.

The above report is, I believe, correct.

Respectfully,

MORDECAI YARNALL,

First Lieutenant, Company G, Twenty-seventh Regiment Virginia Vols.

Captain [C. S.] ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 173. Report of Captain George Huston, Thirty-third Virginia Infantry, of operations August 28-30.

CAMP ADVANCE GUARD,

January 14, 1863.

Agreeably to orders from brigade headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of August 28 (about daylight) the regiment crossed Bull Run, and was first drawn up in line of battle parallel with the Aldie road and near the junction of the roads leading from Centreville to the Warrenton pike and from Aldie to Manassas Junction, where it remained about three hours, and was then marched by the right flank about a quarter of a mile and again halted parallel with the Aldie road, where it remained about half an hour, then marched diagonally about three-quarters of a mile in the direction of the road leading from Centreville to the Warrenton pike, and was halted in the edge of a woods about 5 p. m. Remained there about 15 minutes and was then marched into an open field, where we engaged the enemy. The regiment went into the battle with about 250, rank and file, behaved remarkably well, and remained on the battle-field all night.

Early on Friday morning we were again marched in the direction of the Aldie road and engaged the enemy between the battle-field of Thursday evening and the Aldie road. Went into the engagement

