
with about 150, rank and file, behaved in a manner becoming the "Old Stonewall," drove the enemy in the direction of Centreville, and retired to the woods to encamp for the night.

Early on Saturday morning we again took up the march and halted in the edge of the woods near the railroad, where the fight took place on Saturday evening about 5 o'clock. Went into the fight with about 125, rank and file, and completely routed the enemy, driving them in the direction of Washington City.

The following is a list of casualties in the three days' fight: Killed, 17; wounded, 90. Total, 107.

Your obedient servant,

GEORGE HUSTON,

Captain.

Lieutenant C. S. ARNALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 174. Report of Colonel Bradley T. Johnson, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of operations August 27-September 2.

--- -, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on Wednesday, August 27, my command-the Second Brigade, of this division, consisting of the Twenty-first, Forty-second, and Forty-eighth Virginia, and First Virginia Battalion, with two batteries-marched from Manassas Junction about dark. The Forty-eighth and Forty-second Virginia had been during the day on picket on the Blackburn Ford and Union Mill road. Marching by the Sudley road and passing the Chin house, I reached the Warrenton road after midnight. I was then ordered by Brigadier-General Taliaferro, commanding division, to proceed with my command down the Warrenton road toward Gainesville and picket and hold it and a road cutting it at Groveton at right angles, and which led from the Junction also to Sudley Ford. I did so, holding Groveton as my reserve, throwing out pickets toward Manassas and down the turnpike, and pushing in front Captain George R. Gaither's Troop first Virginia Cavalry, which I found on picket before I reached the position, and some half a mile in front of me, with vedettes still farther before him. Shortly after daylight he reported to ma a cavalry force advancing from Gainesville, and soon after himself brought in a courier captured by him, bearing a dispatch from General McDowell to Major-General Sigel. I immediately sent the courier and dispatch to Brigadier General Taliaferro and Major-General Jackson, and a short time after ordered Captain Gaither to report to Major-General Jackson in person the contents of the dispatch. Executing this order in the direction of Manassas, he was taken prisoner, and I lost his services, which were valuable. The intercepted dispatch was an order from Major-General McDowell to Major-General Sigel and Brigadier-General Reynolds, conveying the order of attack on Manassas Junction. Sigel was ordered to march on that point from Gainesville, with his right resting on the Manassas Hap Railroad; Reynolds, moving also from Gainesville, to keep his left on the Warrenton road, and another division was ordered to move in support of the two in rear en echelon to each.

Finding, then, I should have a superior force on me in a short time,

