
teer staff, having no arms of any kind, was obliged to have recourse to this means of offense from the beginning. As line after line surged up the hill time after time, led up by their officers, they were dashed back on one another until the whole field was covered with a confuses mass of struggling, running, routed Yankees. They failed to take the cut. The battle of the left wing of the army was over, and the whole of Jackson's corps advanced about a mile, its right on the Warrenton road toward the stone brigade, facing Bull Run. I was not further engaged that day.

On Sunday we crossed Sudley ford and that night bivouacked on the Aldie road; and on Monday, September 1, was ordered by Brigadier-General Starke to hold the road leading from Chantilly to Centreville. Taking position about 2 1/2 miles from Cantreville, I threw out the Twenty-first Virginia, Captain Witcher, holding half of it in reserve and advancing the residue as skirmishers. They exchanged shots all day with the enemy's cavalry, who dismounted and engaged them. Having only orders to observe the large force which was apparent at Centreville and hold it from attacking our flank, which was passing up toward Germantown, Captain Witcher was contented to drive back the dismounted cavalry. After sundown Brigadier-General Drayton relieved me and I rejoined the division.

Tuesday morning, September 2, the column marched beyond Dranesville and bivouacked. Wednesday and Thursday it passed through Leesburg. Friday it crossed the Potomac at White's Ford into Montgomery Country, Maryland; thence forded the Monocacy at the old Glass Works, and encamped by the Three Springs, near Buckeystown. On Saturday it entered Frederick and encamped in Worman's woods, to the north. Being ordered by General Starke to take command of the city with the brigade, I put it in camp in the barracks inclosure and ordered Lieutenant Lewis Randolph, of the battalion, on duty as provost-marshal. Directly after I was relieved from the command of the brigade, Brigadier General J. R. Jones, its commander, having reported for duty.

My brief connection with the brigade prevents me doing justice individually to the officers and men, few of whom I was acquainted with personally.

Major Seddon, First Virginia Battalion, distinguished himself by his gallantry. On Saturday, having been quite ill, I advised him to go to the rear, and he declining, ordered him to do so. On his way back he fell in with General Pender's brigade and geared it with General Pender during the fight.

Captain [O. C.] Henderson, who succeeded him in command of the battalion; Captain Witcher, of the Twenty-first; Captain Penn, of the Forty-second; Lieutenant V. Dabney, of the Forty-eighth [Twenty-first], all behaved as became good soldiers and gallant gentlemen.

Lieutenant Dunn, assistant adjutant-general, was conspicuous in the performance of duty on march and in battle.

Captain Goldsborough and Lieutenant [G. W.] Booth [First Maryland], my volunteer aides, were both wounded; and Dr. R. P. Johnson, also volunteer aide, had his horse twice shot on two different days.

As I cannot name all who merit notice, not knowing their names, I can only say that every officer and man in the brigade may well by proud of the manner in which each and every one conducted himself in the second battle of Manassas.

I cannon forbear doing but scant justice to a gallant soldier now no more. It was my fortune during the two days of the battle, during

