
which he commanded the division, to be thrown constantly in contact with Brigadier-General Starke. The buoyant dash with which he led his brigade into a most withering fire on Friday, though then in command of the division; the force he showed in the handling of this command; the coolness and judgment which distinguished him in action, made him to me a marked man, and I regretted his early death as a great loss to the army and the cause.

Your obedient servant,

BRADLEY T. JOHNSON,

Colonel, Commanding Second Virginia Brigade.

Captain [W. T.] TALIAFERRO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Taliaferro's Division.

Numbers 175. Report of Colonel Leroy A. Stafford, Ninth Louisiana Infantry, commanding Fourth Brigade of operations August 12-October 5.

CAMP NEAR PORT ROYAL, VA.,

January 21, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report:

The brigade, consisting of the First, Second, Ninth, Tenth, and fifteenth, and Coppens' battalion Louisiana Volunteers, reported near Gordonsville on or about August 12, 1862, and was assigned to duty in the division of Major General T. J. Jackson. Being the senior colonel in the brigade, the command devolved upon me. I had command but one week when Brigadier General W. E. Starke reported for duty and took command. Shortly after Brigadier-General Starke arrived we took up the line of march and continued it until we reached the ford on the Rappahannock near Brandy Station, on or about August 21, at which point we found the enemy strongly posted on the opposite bank.

On the morning of the 22nd we resumed the march, and crossed the Rappahannock at Major's Mill, on Hazel Fork, the 25th. Passed through Thoroughfare Gap on the morning of the 27th; reached Manassas on the same day. That night we fell back and took position near the little farm called Groveton.

On the afternoon of the 28th, the enemy appearing in sight, we formed our line of battle on the crest of the hill overlooking

Groveton and awaited his attack. The battle commenced at 5 p. m. and lasted until 9 p. m., resulting in the repulse of the enemy, we holding the battle ground. In this engagement, the brigadier-general commanding the division receiving a severe wound, the command of the division devolved upon Brigadier General W. E. Starke. The command of the brigade fell upon me.

On the morning of the 29th, being in reserve, we were not thrown forward until about 12 o'clock, at which time we received an order to charge, driving the enemy before us. We again fell back to our position, remaining in it during the night.

On the morning of the 30th Brigadier General W. E. Starke ordered me to send half of one of my regiments forward and occupy the railroad cut

