
as a point of observation, to be held at all hazards. About 8 o'clock in the morning the enemy commenced throwing forward large bodies of skirmishers in the woods on our left, who quickly formed themselves into regiments and moved forward by brigades to the attack, massing a large body of troops at this point with the evident design of forcing us from our position. They made repeated charges upon us while in this position. They made repeated charges upon us while in this position, but were compelled to retire in confusion, sustaining heavy loss and gaining nothing. It was at this point that the ammunition of the brigade gave out. The men procured some from the dead bodies of their comrades, but the supply was not sufficient, and in the absence of ammunition the men fought with rocks and held their position. The enemy retreated. We pressed forward to the turnpike road, there halted, and encamped for the night.

On the 31st we took up the line of march, and on September 1 at Chantilly we again met the enemy and repulsed them. We resumed our line of march; passed through Dranesville, Leesburg, and crossed the Potomac on September 5. Passed through Frederick City, Md.; encamped 2 miles beyond. Recrossed the Potomac on September 11 at Williamsport; passed through Martinsburg, thence to Harper's Ferry; took part in the reduction of that place. Crossed the Potomac at Shepherdstown September 16. Same evening formed line of battle; slept on our arms and in position near Sharpsburg, Md.

Early on the morning of the 17th the engagement became general, continuing throughout the day, this brigade sustaining its part. It was in this battle that Brigadier General W. E. Starke fell while gallantly leading his command. Remained in line of battle all night of the 17th.

Remained in position on the day of the 18th; recrossed the Potomac near Shepherdstown on the morning of the 19th; held in reserve on the 20th; went into camp near Martinsburg on the 21st; remained in camps until the 18th, and moved to Bunker Hill on or about October 5. My command (the Ninth Regiment Louisiana Volunteers) was transferred from Starke's brigade to that commanded by Brigadier General Harry T. Hays.

No report of casualties has been received from [G.] Coppens' battalion, Captains Raine's and Brockenbrough's batteries. Inclosed find list of casualties in First, Second, Ninth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. A. STAFFORD,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General WILLIAM B. TALIAFERRO,

Commanding Jackson's Division.

176. Report of Major General Ambrose P. Hill, C. S. Army, commanding Second or Light Division, of operations August 20-September 2.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT DIVISION,Camp Gregg, Va., February 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division from the crossing of the Rapidan, August 20,

---------------

*Embodied in 128, p. 561.

---------------

