
aide-de-camp, from the Signal Corps station, of the movements of the enemy on the south side of Hedgeman's Rappahannock River. The facts are reported as having been observed by himself, and can be relied upon as being as near the truth as the distance will permit. It seems to be apparent that the enemy is threatening or moving upon the valley of the Shenandoah via Front Royal with designs upon the Potomac, possibly beyond. Not knowing whether you have received this information I forward it for the consideration of the commanding general.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 46. WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 25, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major-General SIGEL,

Commanding First Corps:

You will force the passage of the river at Waterloo Bridge to-morrow morning at daylight and see what is in front of you. I do not believe that there is any enemy in force there, but do believe that the whole of their has marched to the west any northwest. I am not satisfied either with your reports or your operations of to-day, and I expect to hear to-morrow early something much more satisfactory concerning the enemy. Send back and bring up your provision trains to your command, but no regimental trains or baggage of any description. You will consider this a positive order, to be obeyed literally. You will communicate with me by telegraph from Warrenton.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Send in care of General McDowell at Warrenton.

Numbers 47. WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 25, 1862-9.30 p. m.

Major-General McDOWELL,

Warrenton:

I believe that the whole force of the enemy has marched for the Shenandoah Valley by way of Luray and Front Royal. The column which has marched to-day to Gaines' Cross-Roads has turned north, and when last seen was passing under the east base of Buck Mountain toward Salem and Rectortown. I desire you as early as possible in the morning, holding Reynolds in reserve at Warrenton or vicinity, to make a reconnaissance with your whole corps, and ascertain what is beyond the river at Sulphur Springs. There is no force of the enemy between here and Culpeper or at Culpeper. I send you a dispatch for General Sigel, which please read and send to him immediately. Communicate with me frequently by telegraph from Warrenton.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 48. [Received August 26, 1862, from Headquarters Third Army Corps, 3.30 p. m., Warrenton.]

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH.

Major-General POPE:

General Sigel's bridge train has arrived. I think it may be useful. General Milroy burned the bridge at Waterloo before he retired from

