
to the repulse of the enemy at Castleman's Ferry, November 5, [1862], inclusive:

The division was competed of the brigades of Generals Branch, Gregg, Field, Pender, Archer, and Colonel Thomas, with the batteries of Braxton, Latham, Crenshaw, McIntosh, Davidson, and Pegram, under Lieutenant Dol. R. L. Walker, chief of artillery.

The march was without incident of importance until arriving at the ford opposite the Warrenton Springs.

The morning after arriving (Sunday, the 24th) I was directed to occupy the hills covering this ford. My batteries were placed in eligible positions, the brigades being sheltered in rear of them. The enemy planted a number of batteries upon the hills across the river, and about 10 a. m. opened a heavy fire upon my batteries, which was continued without intermission until late in the afternoon. My batteries did no reply to this fire, but when their heavy columns of infantry advanced down the road toward the Springs simultaneously the batteries of Braxton, Latham, Davidson, McIntosh, and Pegram poured in such a storm of shot that the enemy were scattered in the greatest confusion. Twice was this repeated. My own loss was 18; that of the enemy must haves been heavy in comparison.

At night-fall I was relieved by Brigadier-General Hood, and the next morning commenced the flank movement to Manassas. A march of 54 miles was made in two days.

Wednesday morning [27th], at Manassas Junction, Branch's brigade had a sharp encounter with a battery supported by the Twelfth Pennsylvania Cavalry. They were soon dispersed. Field, Pender, Archer, and Thomas were diverted to the right and directed toward the railroad bridge, and soon encountered the New Jersey Brigade of General Taylor. They had just arrived from Alexandria, disembarked from the cars, and were forming line of battle when they were attacked, routed completely, General Taylor mortally wounded, and 200 prisoners taken. The trains in which they came and the railroad bridge were destroyed. The night about 12 o'clock the depot buildings, with an immense amount of commissary stores and about two miles of loaded freight cars, were burned, and at 1 o'clock I moved by division to Centreville.

At 10 a. m. moved upon the Warrenton pike toward the stone bridge, when I received an order from General Jackson, dated battle-field of Manassas, 8 a. m., that the enemy were in full retreat, and to move down to the fords and intercept him; but having just seem two intercepted dispatches from Pope to McDowell, ordering the formation of his line of battle for the next day on Manassas Plains, I deemed it best to push on and join General Jackson. That evening (Thursday) there was a little artillery practice by some of my batteries on the enemy's infantry.

BATTLE OF MANASSAS.

Friday morning, in accordance with orders from General Jackson, I occupied the line of the unfinished railroad, my extreme left resting near Sudley Ford, my right near the point where the road strikes the open field, Gregg, Field, and Thomas in the front line, Gregg on the left, and Field on the right, with Branch, pender, and Archer as supports. My batteries were in the open field in rear of the infantry, the nature of my position being such as to preclude the effective use of much artillery. The evident intention of the enemy this day was to turn our left

