
session of the bridge which we had the day before constructed. In accordance with orders we opened upon them with all the guns. They were soon driven back, occasionally showing themselves afterward, but with the same result. Their loss was great, and though we were under a terrific fire from not less than seven batteries from 10 o'clock until 6 p. m. our loss was very small. The officers and men distinguished themselves on this occasion. We were relieved at 6 p. m. by the artillery of General Hood's division, retiring to camp near Jefferson.

My batteries were unmarked at early dawn on Monday morning, August 25, and after a most fatiguing march arrived at Bristoe Station about 9 o'clock Tuesday night, where we encamped for the night.

Wednesday morning I was ordered to follow my division to Manassas. As we approached the Junction we were fired upon by two of the enemy's rifled guns. Captain Pegram being in front, his battery was carried forward and placed in position in an old redoubt. Captain Braxton's battery was posted on the east side of the railroad, and the batteries of Captains McIntosh and Crenshaw occupied the intermediate ground. The enemy's battery was soon silenced, and a New Jersey brigade was (after some very pretty practice on the part of Captains Pegram, Crenshaw, McIntosh, and Braxton) broken and put to flight. We moved on with the intention of following them up, but the character of the country was such as to render successful pursuit impossible, and the idea was abandoned. There was no loss on our side, but it is believed that the loss of the enemy was considerable.

Wednesday night at 12 o'clock we took up the line of march for Centreville, and from thence we marched to the battle-field of Manassas, where we arrived Thursday evening, August 28. The artillery took no part in the engagement of that afternoon.

On Friday, August 29, the batteries were placed in position on the ridge in rear and to the left of General A. P. Hill's division. Captain Braxton's battery was engaged early in the forenoon on the extreme left, with the loss of some of his horses. Upon the cessation of the enemy's fire ours ceased also.

In the afternoon a section of Captain Pegram's battery hotly engaged the enemy on the right. His position was in rear of Generals Field's and Gregg's brigades. The loss of this section was very heavy, and the fire continuing with unremitted severity, it was withdrawn. Captain Braxton was then ordered to the position, and with five guns held it with loss under a terrific fire until night closed in upon the field.

Captain Crenshaw's battery was also engaged during the day from a point in rear of General Pender's brigade.

On Saturday, August 30, the batteries of Captains Braxton, Pegram, Latham, Davidson, McIntosh, and Crenshaw were all engaged at intervals on the left and rear of the infantry. The enemy made several demonstrations with both infantry and artillery on our left, all of which were promptly repelled by those batteries.

In the battle of Ox Hill, Monday, September 1, my command did not participate, though near the spot and under fire, two of the batteries, viz, Captains McIntosh's and Braxton's, being in position.*

* * * * * * *

R. L. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion Artillery, Light Division.

Major R. C. MORGAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Light Division.

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 983-985.

---------------

