
heavy skirmishing until late in the afternoon. We then followed up the enemy until about 10 p. m., advancing in line though a body of woods nearly to a large hospital, in which the enemy had left many of his wounded.

Our loss in this three-days' battle was 30 killed, 185 wounded, and 1 missing.

OX HILL.

The pursuit was continued the whole of Sunday, and on Monday afternoon about 4 o'clock we came up with the enemy again at Ox Hill, near Fairfax Court-House, on the Alexandria and Winchester turnpike, when the engagement was immediately opened. This brigade pressed eagerly forward through an open field and a piece of woods to the edge of another field, where we were for a short time exposed to the enemy's infantry fire without being able to return it. An attempt was made to flank us on the right, and the Eighteenth Regiment was immediately detached from the center of the brigade and ordered to the right to prevent the movement, which it did, sustaining a deadly fire unsupported. The enemy's direct advance was through a field of corn, in which he sustained great loss, notwithstanding most of our guns fired badly on account of the heavy rain which fell during the engagement. On learning that our ammunition was nearly out General Branch made known the fact, and was ordered to hold his position at the point of the bayonet. We remained where we were until dark, when the whole command fell back to the field in rear of the woods. The Twenty-eighth, cold, wet, and hungry, was then ordered back to the field of battle to do picket duty for the night without fires. This engagement is regarded by this brigade as one of our severest. The enemy's infantry used a great many explosive balls.

Our loss was 14 killed, 92 wounded, and 2 missing.*

* * * * * * *

Very respectfully,

JAMES H. LANE,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. C. MORGAN.

179. Report of Brigadier General Samuel McGowan, C. S. Army, commanding Gregg's brigade, of operations August 16-September 2.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, A. P. HILL'S LIGHT DIV., 2nd A. C.,Camp. Gregg, Va., February 9, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with the request of Major-General Hill to send in a report of all military operations in which this brigade was engaged from the time when General Lee took command at Gordonsville to the time when we left the valley I have the honor to submit the following general statement, which has been delayed on account of the absence of two regiments on fatigue duty:

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 985, 986.

---------------

