
Not having been in command of the brigade, but only of one of its regiments (the Fourteenth South Carolina Volunteers), during those operations, I have not been able to make such a detailed report of particular events as the subject deserved, but am obliged to content myself with a mere outline of operations the most important. Would that the lamented General Gregg, lately in command of the brigade, were here to make out the report of achievements in which he performed so large a part himself and which he could have recorded better than any one else. I understand that the call does not include the Cedar Run (or Slaughter Mountain) campaign, which this brigade, as part of your division, made under Major-General (now Lieutenant-General) Jackson.

CROSSING THE RAPPAHANNOCK.

On Saturday, August 16, 1862, the Second Brigade (Gregg's, now under my command), A. P. Hill's Light Division, moved front its bivouac between Gordonsville and Orange Court-House to Crenshaw's farm, near the Rapidan River, where it remained until August 20, when, crossing the river at Somerville Ford, we advanced, under the orders of General Lee, against the forces of General Pope, which were occupying the whole country north of that river. The enemy fell back before us through Culpeper Country, and we reached the North Branch of the Rappahannock at the bridge where the Orange and Alexandria Railroad crosses it on Thursday, August 21. The artillery of the enemy here opened on us across the stream, indicating that he had halted in his retreat and intended to make a stand there. The brigade slept on their arms under the guns of the enemy, and the next morning we turned to the left and proceeded up the river, crossing Hazel River (Aestham) at Welford, and that night reached a point about opposite to the Faugier White Sulphur Springs. Here we also found the enemy, who, having burned the bridge, was again opposing our passage.

On Sunday, the 24th, the brigade was moved into position on the Rappahannock hills, near the house of Dr. Scott, to support our artillery, which was engaged with that of the enemy across the stream. There the men were subjected to a severe cannonading for four hours and suffered a small loss of 5 wounded.

At the dawn of day Monday morning, the 25th, the regiments were turned out as ordered, "with the utmost promptitude, without knapsacks," and again wheeling to the left, we marched rapidly several mile up the river, crossed the Rappahannock (Hedgeman River) without opposition at Henson's Mill, and made a forced march of 24 miles that day up the Salem Valley to Cobbler's Mountain.

On the 26th we continued the march without wagons or baggage of any kind, turning to the right at Salem, through Thoroughfare Gap, in the Bull Run Mountains, and sleeping at night in rear of our artillery in the road near Bristoe Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

The next morning we reached Manassas Junction, where the enemy, attempting to recapture it (said to be General Taylor's New Jersey brigade, from Alexandria), were scattered with considerable loss and driven by our forces across Bull Run forward Centreville.

In the afternoon of that day the brigade returned from pursuit to the Junction, where three days' rations were issued from the vast supply of captured stores, and the men for a few hours rested and regaled themselves upon delicacies unknown to our commissariat, which they were in good condition to enjoy, having eaten nothing for several days ex-

