
cept roasting-ears taken by order from the corn fields near the road, and what was given by the generous citizens of the Salem Valley to the soldiers as they hurried along in their rapid march. I have thus thought proper to state somewhat in detail the incidents of this bold flank movement, by which we crossed the Rappahannock, turned the right of the enemy, got entirely into his rear, and cut off all his communications, seemingly without his knowledge and certainly without serious opposition from him.

Wounded in the affair at Rappahannock:

13th Regiment South Carolina Volunteers......................... 2

14th Regiment South Carolina Volunteers......................... 3

-

Total........................................................... 5

THE SECOND BATTLE OF MANASSAS.

At dark on the evening of Wednesday, August 27, the brigade, in conjunction with that of Colonel (now General) Thomas, was thrown out on the south side of Manassas Junction as the rear guard, and formed in line of battle facing the enemy, who had during the evening been fighting General Ewell near Bristoe Station. Standing under arms here we had a fine view of the magnificent conflagration caused by the burning of sutler's and commissary stores, together with about 100 cars on the railroad freighted with every article necessary for the outfit of a great army, all of which was set on fire about midnight and consumed.

About 2 o'clock in the morning of Thursday, the 28th, we silently retired from our picket lines in front of the enemy, and by the light of the smoldering ruins followed the division across Bull Run at Blackburn's Ford to Centreville. Here we rested a short time, and thence turned back toward Bull Run, and moving by the Warrenton turnpike crossed the run again near the stone bridge. At this critical moment the enemy, falling back from the Rappahannock, caused doubtless by our flank movement, were coming the run we turned to the right, leaving the turnpike, and after going up the run a short distance changed front and were drawn up in battle array along the line of the unfinished Independent Railroad track, facing the turnpike along which the enemy was moving.

Brisk firing was heard upon our right, and about dark the brigade was hurried to the scene of action and ordered to report to General Ewell, who was directing the engagement. Arrived on the field after dark, finding General Ewell badly wounded. Soon after the firing ceased.

We slept upon our arms near Ewell's battle-field, and the next morning at early dawn returned near the position first taken up by us the evening before, and were placed in line of battle on the extreme left of the whole command near Catharpin Run. We occupied a small, rocky, wooded knoll, having a railroad excavation bending around the east and north fronts and a cleared field on the northwest. This position was slightly in advance of the general line, and besides being on the extreme left, was considered important because of the Suddley Ford road, which it commanded. Our line made on obtuse able, pointing toward the enemy, one side of which ran nearly parallel with the railroad cut and the other along the fence bordering the cleared field before spoken of. Within these contracted limits was the little tongue of woodland which we occupied, and which we were directed to hold at

