
teenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers, which at the time was in reserve, was promptly wheeled into the gap, and, assisted by the left regiment of General Thomas' brigade (believed to be the Forty-ninth Georgia) and such parts of our brigade as were near the point, drove them back across tha railroad cut with great slaughter. The opposing forces at one time delivered their volleys into each other at the distance of 10 paces.

About 3 p. m. another most vigorous effort for the position was made from all the point held by the enemy, whose fire now formed a semicircle of flame and smoke, extending at least half round the devoted hill. For the first time they now came through the corner of the open field which has been so often referred to, and pressed heavily on Orr's Rifles, which at this moment occupied the fence. Colonel J. Foster Marshall and Lieutenant Colonel D. A. Ledbetter, together with many other gallant officers and soldiers of this regiment, fell here, but the obstinate enemy was again repulsed at all points and driven beyond the railroad. From the long-continued struggle the ammunition of the men was all expended, but the resolution of General Gregg to hold the position was unchanged. When Major-General Hill, commanding, sent to inquire whether he could hold out, he replied modestly he thought he could, adding, as if casually, that his ammunition was about expended, but he still had the bayonet.

It was now 4 p. m. and there was no abatement in the fury of the assaults, when the brigades of Generals Branch and Early, having been sent to our assistance, came in most opportunely and gallantly. After these re-enforcements had arrived and passed to the front General Gregg collected the remnant of his regiments, and placing them in line behind the troops now engaged, gave them instructions to lie down, and if our friends were overpowered and had to fall back over them to wait until the enemy was very near, then rise and drive them back at the point of the bayonet. The men all lay down as instructed, resolved as the last resort to try the virtue of the cold steel, but happily the necessity did not arise. The enemy were finally driven back at all points, and night closed upon us occupying the identical spot which we were ordered to hold in the morning.

We slept on the field of battle and remained in position all the newt day, while the great battle of the Second Manassas was progressing on our right. The enemy made several attempts to advance, but the admirable practice of Captain McIntosh's battery kept them beyond musket-range, scattering them with shot and shell every time they moved forward. Some few men were wounded by shell, but we were not very actively engaged on that day.

Friday, the 29th, was the glorious but bloody day for the brigade. It may be allowed for us to claim that by holding the left steady on Friday we contributed something to the success of the great battle on Saturday. The distinguished brigadier-general, who commanded and who was present everywhere during the day and exerting himself to the utmost, was himself spared only to fall upon another victorious field (Fredericksburg), but many of our noblest and best officers and men fell there.

The aggregate of killed and wounded of the brigade in this battle was 613. All the field officers present were either killed or wounded except two. Among those who gloriously yielded up their lives on the battle-field are the following officers: Colonel J. Foster Marshall, Lieutenant Colonel D. A. Ledbetter, Captain M. M. Norton, and Lieutenant W. C. Davis, of Orr's Rigles; Captain C. D. Barksdale and Lieutenant John Munro, of the

