
Early on the morning of August 29 the regiment moved across the railroad cut at Manassas. After having advanced some distance in the woods the regiment received the fire and engaged the enemy. The regiment then received an enfilade fire both on the right and left. I was dispatched myself by Major McCrady to inform Brigadier-General Gregg of the fact. Meanwhile the regiment fell back a short distance. Other regiments of the brigade then coming up, the First Regiment then advanced beyond its original position, where it remained until it was recalled.

After this the regiment fought under the eye of General Gregg. I heard Major McCrady express his perfect satisfaction with the behavior of the regiment.

I was acting as lieutenant-colonel, and would have called Major McCrady's (commanding regiment) attention to the coolness, gallantry, and courage of Lieutenant John Munro, Company L, if he were present and making his report of this battle. He was killed at sunset that evening, and fell universally regretted by the regiment.

I desire also to speak of the conduct of Captain C. D. Barksdale, Company L, who was distinguished for his gallantry and coolness, and fell late in the afternoon mortally wounded.

Actg. Adjt. Z. B. Smith also display coolness and good conduct during the entire action, and was carried from the field wounded at the close of the day.

The conduct of the officers and men of the regiment, so far as I saw, was admirable. Perhaps I should mention that during the time in which the regiment was across the railroad cut, finding itself under an enfilade fire on both flanks, two companies on either wing were thrown back, thereby presenting three fronts to the enemy, and in this position successfully repelled the repeated attacks of the enemy.

In reference to the battle of August 30 there is little to be said, as the regiment was not actively engaged, beyond the fact that Major McCrady, commanding regiment, was wounded in the head early in the day and carried from the field, and I am pleased to hear that the wound was not dangerous.

I desire also to transmit the report of Major C. W. McCreary, commanding regiment on September 1, as to the part taken by the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle of Ox Hill, September 1:

Having formed the regiment in a field to our right and toward the turnpike leading from Centreville to Germantow, from which direction the enemy were making their attack, I was ordered by General Gregg to move forward to a designated point; to await the approach of the enemy and hold it. The regiment remained in this position under a heavy fire of small-arms. The fire was too distant to render a return fire from us at all effective, although we had many wounded while remaining inactive.

At sundown I was ordered to move the regiment forward to a position on the line of a fence, which position we occupied during the night. We were never directly engaged with the enemy during this battle.

* * * * * * *

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. HAMILTON,

Colonel First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain A. C. HASKELL.*

181. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward McCrady, jr., First South Carolina Infantry, of operations August 28-30.

SEPTEMBER --, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg leave to make the following report of so much of the part taken by the First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the engagements of August 28, 29, and 30 last upon the plains of Manassas as took place while this regiment was under my command:

In doing this I do not suppose it will be necessary to detail the posi-

---------------

*For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 991, 992.

---------------

