
which in this disorder were borne by Sergeant Spellman with the same gallantry as that with which he had seized them at the battle of Cold Harbor. Company F, too (Lieutenant [G. R.] Congdon in command), rallied almost at the same time, and upon these two companies the regiment was soon reformed. Captain Parker, Lieutenant Armstrong, and Sergeant Mathews and Spellman, of Company K, rendered most valuable and efficient services at this critical moment.

Just at this time Colonel Barnes, with the Twelfth Regiment, came up on our left, and joining him, we charged and drove the enemy some distance beyond the point from which we had retired; but finding the enemy still strong upon our right, and again receiving his fire from that flank and in our rear, I halted the regiment, and throwing back the right wing, endeavored thus to hold our position, which now became necessary for the safety of Colonel Barnes, who had pressed forward upon our left. Captain Shooter having returned and informed me that General Gregg had sent Colonel Edwards, with the Thirteenth, to our support on the right, but the denseness of the undergrowth rendering it impossible to see him, I sent Sergt. L. A. Smith, Company C, who volunteered to go to communicate with Colonel Edwards and to guide him to our position. This order Sergeant Smith executed at great personal danger, running a gauntlet of fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, who had possession of the wood between Colonel Edwards and myself. Colonel Edwards, in moving to our support, had met the enemy in such force as to compel him to engage them there and to prevent his effecting a junction with us. About this time I received a message from Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, of the Twelfth, requesting me to move forward to the support of Colonel Barnes, who, having pushed the enemy to some distance in advance, was then being pressed by them in superior numbers. The enemy, however, upon our right rendered it impossible for me to advance-indeed, it was all we could do to hold our own position, and had we moved forward Colonel Barnes and ourselves would both have been attacked in our rear and cut off.

Just at this time Colonel Marshall, with the Rifles, came up and advanced to Colonel Barnes' support. I remained, holding the position protecting their rear and flank. After some time, learning that Colonel Edwards was retiring, and seeing Colonel Marshall moving his regiment from our left and passing us by a flank in our rear, I supposed an order to fall back had missed me, which I accordingly did, joining the rear of Colonel Marshall's regiment. Upon returning Captain Haskell reported to me with his company, which had been deployed as skirmishers, and a rest of a few minutes was obtained.

During these movements we lost 4 killed and 23 wounded. Among the riled were Sergeants Lowrimore (Company F) and Darby (Company L), both gallant men and excellent non-commissioned officers. Their loss will be severely felt by their companies.

It was now about 10 o'clock. Our position of the morning had scarcely been regained when the enemy were reported advancing in force through the woods from which we had just retired. By General Gregg's orders four companies (Company A, Lieutenant Newman; company C, Lieutenant [R. E. B.] Hewetson; Company E, Captain Shooler, and Company H, Captain Haskell) were sent forward again into the woods as skirmishers, under Captain Shooter, to meet them. Colonel Edwards, with the Thirteenth, was place in the position held by us previous to our advance, and with the remaining six companies of the First I took position about 20 yards in rear of and parallel to the Thirteenth. Our skirmishers, under Captain Shooter, came up with the enemy's and a

