
tenant [T. M.] Welborn commanding, and Lieutenant [John H.] King, wounded; Company H, Captain Haskell and Lieutenant Seabrook; Company I, Lieutenant Brailsford commanding; Company K, Captain Parker, wounded, and Lieutenant Armstrong; Company L, Captain Barksdale, mortally wounded (since dead), and Lieutenant Munro, killed; Lieutenant Z. B. Smith, Company E, acting adjutant, and Lieutenant Thomas McCrady, Company K, commanding Infirmary Corps, wounded.

I have to acknowledge my indebtedness to Captain W. P. Shooter, who was in charge of the right wing, and to Captain T. P. Alston, in charge of the left, for their valuable assistance throughout the day. To the example of their gallantry and to their efficient services were owing in a great measure the spirit and order of the regiment. I wish particularly to acknowledge and record my appreciation of their services upon this occasion. Lieutenants Brailsford, McLemore, McIntyre, Congdon, Welborn, and Hewetson commanded their respective companies during the day with gallantry and efficiency. Lieutenant Z. B. Smith, of Company E, my acting adjutant, bore himself with gallantry and gave me much valuable aid. Near the close of the day ge fell severely wounded in the ankle. Lieutenant Thomas McCrady, Company K, in charge of the Infirmary Corps, behaved with coolness and courage in the discharge of the dangerous and painful duties of that corps, and rendered also valuable assistance in communicating with other officers and corps. He too was wounded in the last attack while rallying our men. Had Sergeant Smith, of Company C, survived the day it would have been my grateful duty to have recommended him for promotion for gallantry. His faithful services had long since entitled him to advancement, and his conduct upon this occasion, had he lived, would have rendered it my duty to have urged him for a commission. He fell, however, and I can only now bear testimony to his worth.

While doubtless there were many other non-commissioned officers and private who deserve to be reported to you for gallantry and good conduct during the day, I can only mention those whose conduct came directly under my own observation or whose names have been mentioned to me by their officers. I regret that my absence from the regiment in consequence of my wound prevents my including in this report the names of such others as the captains or commanding officers may wish reported. Should such names not be handed in before my return I will endeavor to obtain and forward them to you. At present I beg leave to report Sergeants Kelly, Company L, and Mathews, Company K; Color-Sergeant Spellman, Company K; Sergeants Gore, Company F; and Miller, Company H; Color-Corporal Owens, Company E; Corporals Wigg and Larkin, Company H, and Privates Ruff, Company C, Holloran and Carroll, Company K, and Atwell, Steedman, Martin, and Shepperd, Company L, for gallant and meritorious conduct. Lieutenant Thomas McCrady, commanding, reports Sergeant Ragin, Company L; Corporal Brereton, Company K; Privates Lyles, Company B;----, Company F, and Duffy, Company K, for gallant and efficient service in removing the wounded.

From prisoners taken by us during the day I learned that the troops attacking us were from each of the great armies of the enemy, the first informing me that he was from Carl Schurz' division, of Pope's army; the next from Reno's division, of Burnside's, and the next from McClellan's. None of the prisoners with whom I conversed knew of any other attack upon our position but the one in which they were themselves taken prisoners, thus showing that each attack was made by fresh troops.

44 R R-VOL XII, PT II

