
Early the next morning we were aroused, and with the brigade marched to the rear to obtain ammunition. Here we remained for a short time to allow the men to cook and eat breakfast, which being done we were again moved toward the battle-field. We were soon again under fire, and in forming the regiment forward into line by General Gregg's orders, and endeavoring to gain a fence from behind which the enemy were firing into us, I received a wound in the head, which compelled me to be carried from the field, and which has since prevented my rejoining the regiment.

We took into action 283 men besides the Infirmary Corps, which made our total strength 300. Of these we lost on the 29th 23 killed and 110 wounded. I learned that one other was wounded on the 30th besides myself. This made our loss in killed and wounded at Manassas 135. Upon my return, should a list of the killed and wounded not yet have been handed in, I shall make a supplemental report including them. This report would have been made before but from my inability to write in consequence of my wound.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

EDWARD McCRADY, JR.,

Major, First Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

Captain LANGDON C. HASKELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Light Division.

182. Reports of Captain George McD. Miller, First South Carolina Rifles, of operations August 29-30.

SEPTEMBER 30, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to orders I hereby transmit a report of the part taken by the First South Carolina Rifles in the battle of Manassas on Friday, August 29:

On Thursday evening, August 28, the enemy were engaged by General Ewell on the turnpike leading to Centreville. Colonel Marshall, being in command of the regiment, which was in position on the unfinished railroad of the Independent line of the Alexandria and Manassas Gap Railroad, was ordered to his support, but before reaching the ground the battle had ceased; it was now dark. Having upon inquiry ascertained that our forces occupied the battle-field, the regiment was ordered to stack their arms and bivouac for the night.

Early the next morning (Friday) the regiment was ordered to take position on the above-named railroad some half mile in advance and to the left of the position occupied the evening previous. Having crossed the railroad and advanced some distance in the woods beyond we came suddenly upon the enemy, when a fierce engagement took place, which lasted only a few minutes, when the enemy gave back. We were then ordered to the south side of the railroad, with instructions to hold that position during the day. Here we were repeatedly charged by the enemy and as often repulsed them, until 4 p. m., when the regiment was ordered to charge the enemy. Colonel Marshall gave the command, when he received a mortal wound in the head and expired in two hours. About the same time Colonel Ledbetter received a mortal wound in the left side. The command then devolved upon Captain J. J. Norton, who conducted the charge and drove the enemy some distance beyond the

