
yards in rear of the position at the fence which was occupied by the left of the Fourteenth and right of the Twelfth South Carolina Regiment. It remained in this position exposed to the enemy's fire a short time, until those two regiments were withdrawn and the enemy were found to be advancing on the position from which they had been withdrawn. Then, in pursuance of previous orders, the regiment rose, delivered a volley, and charged up the fence, and continued to fire upon the enemy, who kept up a brisk and well-directed fire with musketry and a battery. In the mean time a heavy shower of rain fell, which wet and prevented two-thirds of our guns from firing. IN this condition, some half or three-quarters of an hour after taking the position, the regiment was retired about 100 yards into the wood in rear of its position, where other regiments of the brigade were held in reserve. It was not again engaged, but remained on the field until 11 o'clock that night. The principal loss sustained by the regiment was while in position at the fence. The aggregate carried into this action was 218 men and officers.

The names of those reported by their company officers as absent without leave are.* The names of the killed, [wounded, and missing] are* [3 killed, 24 wounded, and 1 missing].

No field officer of the regiment being present, I, as senior captain, took command thereof, and was assisted in this action by Captain G. McD. Miller, acting lieutenant-colonel, and Captain John B. Moore, acting major.

Respectfully,

JOSEPH J. NORTON.

184. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Cadwalader Jones, Twelfth South Carolina Infantry, of operations August 29-September 20.

OCTOBER 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit detailed reports of the part taken by the Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battles of Manassas, August 29 and 30; of Ox Hill, September 1; of Harper's Ferry, September 15; Sharpsburg, September 17, and Shepherdstown, September 20:

This duty devolves on me in consequence of the death of Colonel Dixon Barnes, late commander of this regiment. He fell mortally wounded at the battle of Sharpsburg in the third and last charge of his regiment, and just as the tide of battle had turned decisively in his favor. He was then, as always, in the midst of his command. Justice to our lamented colonel authorizes me to say a more gallant officer has not fallen during the war. Distinguished alike for dashing courage in battle, for a most amiable and gentlemanly bravery in social life, and for strict military discipline everywhere, we feel that his loss is irreparable to his regiment, which he so much honored by his gallantry, and which in turn has honored him by its distinguished bravery whenever brought in the face of the foe. He lingered of his wounds, being shot in both knees, until September 27, on which day he departed this life at Charlestown, Va.

BATTLE OF MANASSAS.

On arriving at the position occupied by Brigadier-General Gregg's

---------------

*Nominal lists omitted.

---------------

