
brigade, two companies of the Twelfth Regiment, to wit, Captain Davis' and Clyburn's, were ordered on picket duty along the line of the railroad cut, where they remained some two hours. Here they engaged the skirmishers of the enemy, holding them in check, and lost in wounded 4 men.

About 8 a. m. Colonel Barnes, accompanied by Major McCorke and myself, advanced across the road with eight companies, under orders to drive back the enemy, who were then coming up. We crossed the road with and on the left of the First South Carolina Regiment. Very soon the enemy, in numbers considerably exceeding our own, were seen advancing through the woods on our left. It became necessary immediately to change front, which being done we exchanged several rounds with the enemy, when the Twelfth advanced and the enemy retreated. They soon reformed with the assistance of fresh troops, who endeavored to flank us on the left. Here one or two of our companies on the left were caused to change front and fire on the flanking column. A single well-directed volley pu them to flight. Wheeling these companies again into line, the Twelfth charged in the most gallant manner, firing as it advanced, and putting the enemy completely to rout, pursued them with heavy slaughter through the woods and until they crossed the field beyond and ran out of sight. Being now about half a mile from our starting point, we fell into the woods a short distance. Very soon a fresh column of the enemy, probably three regiments, were seen advancing. Just at this time the First Rifles, most opportunely, were also seen advancing through the woods to our support. Forming a line with and on the left of this regiment, together we gave them battle, and without much difficulty or loss again drove back the enemy. Soon thereafter, under orders from Brigadier-General Gregg, we returned to our first position.

These engagements lasted nearly three hours, during which time the regiment was almost constantly under fire. We carried into action 320 men, less the two first-mentioned companies, numbering together not more than 50 men, leaving 270 men actually engaged. The loss was 23 killed, 121 wounded, and 2 missing, being a loss of more then a half.

Having exhausted our ammunition, the regiment was ordered by Brigadier-General Gragg to rest. Here we were joined by Captains [H. C.] Davis' and [T. F.] Clyburn's companies. This was about 12 o'clock. About 2 p. m. the enemy advanced to the road, when a hot fight ensued along the entire line of the brigade. In a short time the enemy were driven back, the Twelfth pursuing them beyond the road and to a considerable distance through the woods. In this engagement no loss was sustained by the Twelfth Regiment.

In these several engagements it is but justice to say the officers and men all acquitted themselves well.

On this day (30th) the Twelfth Regiment was in line with the brigade, and was frequently during the day exposed to fire, principally from skirmishers, but was not in any engagement.

The casualties of the day were only 4 wounded, among them Colonel Barnes, receiving a slight injury from a spent ball.

OX HILL.

In this battle the position of the Twelfth Regiment was on the left of the brigade, and was not in the engagement further than while holding our position we were under fire for a short time, and sustained a loss of 11 wounded, among them W. C. Buchanan, adjutant of the regiment.

