
He was supposed to be mortally wounded, and it is understood has since died. He was a gallant and efficient office, and both on the field and in camp was of great assistance to the regiment.

In the battles of Manassas, Surgeon [J. F. Prioleau] and Assistant Surgeon [W. W.] Keith rendered very efficient service in their attention to the wounded. Surgeon Prioleau, being detailed for that duty, remained with the wounded at Manassas, and did not join the regiment until after the surrender of Harper's Ferry. He was present at the battle of Sharpsburg, where his services were again very efficient. He remained with the wounded of that battle, and has not been heard of since. Assistant Surgeon Keith continued with us, rendering efficient service, until the surrender of Harper's Ferry, when he retired on sick leave.

CAPTURE OF HARPER'S FERBY.

The Twelfth Regiment was present with the brigade at the surrender of this place, but was not engaged in the action, and sustained no loss.

I was not present at the battles of Sharpsburg and Shepherdstown, being absent on sick leave. Reports of the part taken by this regiment in those battles have been prepared by Major McCorkle. I have the honor to forward them herewith, together with lists of killed and wounded in the several engagements, marked A, B, C, D, and E.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. JONES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Captain LANGDON C. HASKELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

185. Reports of Colonel O. E. Edwards, Thirteenth South Carolina Infantry, of the battles of Groveton, Manassas, and Ox Hill.

CAMP NEAR BUNKER HILL, VA.,

October 1, 1862.

Report of the part taken by the Thirteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle of Manassas on August 29:

Early on the morning of August 29 the Second Brigade was order to a position on the unfinished line of the Independent Railroad, 1 mile from Sudley Church. Immediately upon our arrival the brigade was formed in column of regiments under the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters. The first important moves of my regiment, about 9 a. m., was an order to me to move by a flank across the railroad track to support Colonel Hamilton, who had been ordered to drive the enemy from the woods on our left. I had scarcely formed my regiment when I was informed that the enemy was approaching me in the rear in force. I faced my regiment to the rear and challenged the approaching column in person. No regard having been paid to my challenge satisfied me that I had not been mistaken. I at once ordered my left win to fire, which it did with telling effect. I moved immediately to my right wing, where I found another column approaching. I ordered a fire. The

