
SEPTEMBER 29, 1862.

Pursuant to Special Orders, 71, relative to the part taken by the Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Volunteers in the battle of Ox Hill, September 1, I have the honor to submit the following report:

Lieutenant Colonel W. D. Simpson was in command of the regiment, and was hotly engaged during most, if not all, of the action, and with little or no loss while in position behind the fence, but when obeying the order to fall back sustained most of the losses reported. Being absent myself, I can give no report except upon the information of others.

Schedule C contains a list of the killed and wounded, as follows:

Killed, 5; wounded, 23. Total 28.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH N. BROWN,

Captain, Commanding Fourteenth Regiment South Carolina Vols.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Second Brigade, Light Division.

187. Report of Brigadier General William D. Pender, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations August 27-September 2.

CAMP NEAR BUNKERSVILLE [BUNKER HILL], VA.,

October 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Manassas Junction, the two days' fighting at Manassas, the battles of Ox Hill, Harper's Ferry, Sharpsburg, and Shepherdstown:

At Manassas Junction, while lying under cover from the occasional shots from the enemy's artillery, a brigade of their infantry was seen approaching, upon which our batteries opened and they soon broke. My brigade being in rear and little to the right of Generals Branch and Archer, I advanced, so as to form an extension of their line of battle, but as they advanced upon the enemy my brigade continued to move forward, passing by the hospital near our advanced redoubts, and from thence bearing a little to the right in the direction where the railroad crosses Bull Run going east, but when getting a little lower down than the railroad bridge I changed direction, so as to get possession of it. My skirmishers met the enemy at the river, and soon my whole brigade was engaged with the enemy across the river. I held this position for a while, and then threw two regiments across preparatory to advancing farther, but at the instigation of General Field withdrew, going lower down and crossing, in order to cut the enemy off, but they had left before I could form on the east side of the river. Thus ended the fight that day, so far as I was concerned. My loss here was very slight.

On Friday morning, June 29, my brigade was placed in supporting distance of Colonel Thomas, with orders to support him, where it remained until the afternoon. Finally, it seeming to me to be the time to go to his assistance, I ordered my brigade forward, moving just to the right of Colonel Thomas. My men moved forward very gallantly, driving the enemy back across the railroad cut, through the woods on the

---------------

*But wee Guild's report, p. 562.

---------------

