
the brave Lieutenant-Colonel [N. J.] George, of the First Tennessee Regiment, who is always ready and anxious for the most daring service. The firing between my pickets and the enemy's skirmishers in the wood in front became so rapid and continuous that, fearing my men were wasting their ammunition, I sent my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant O. H. Thomas, to ascertain what it meant and to stop unnecessary firing. He traversed the whole line of pickets exposed to the aim of the enemy's sharpshooters, and returned to me, reporting the constant fire of my men as necessary to maintain the ground.

About

-----

o'clock, the troops on our extreme right having become hotly engaged, I received orders from General Hill to draw out my brigade, if not already engaged myself, and go to the support of the right; but while I was receiving the order the enemy drove in my pickets and attacked my brigade. After returning his fire for ten or fifteen minutes I charged across the railroad cut and drove him back into the woods. No one joined me in this advance except Colonel Smith's regiment, of Early's brigade. General Early ordered him back, and my right regiment (Colonel Turney's) returned with him. My regiment obtained a fresh supply of ammunition from the cartridge boxes of the dead Yankees and resumed their position in the line.

About 5 o'clock in the afternoon an order came through General Pender for a general advance. I advanced in line with General Pender's brigade, which formed on my right, through the wood into the open field beyond, where the enemy's battalions were posted. One battery of six guns was posted about 300 yards distant from the point where we entered the open field and a little to the left of the direction of my advance. I moved on in the same direction until about half that distance was passed, then swung around to the left, and marched in double-quick directly on the battery. My troops never for a moment faltered in their gallant charge, although exposed to the fire of two other batteries, besides the constant fire of the one we were charging and of its infantry supports. The enemy stood to his guns and continued to fire upon us until we were within 75 yards, when he abandoned three of his pieces, which fell into the hands of my brigade on the same spot where they had been served so bravely. General Pender overtook and captured the other three pieces. I left the pieces I had captured to be taken care of by whomsoever might come after me, and pushed on without halt against the infantry, who still made a feeble resistance in the edge of the wood. They did not await our coming, but had retreated out of sight by the time I entered the wood. Here I halted and reformed my brigade, and on moving forward again came up with General Pender's, which had entered the same wood to the right of my brigade and had halted for the same purpose. During the movement through the wood our brigades had crossed each other's directions, and I found myself on his right instead of on his left, as at the beginning. From this point our brigades moved on together to the Lewis house, when a little after dark we encountered in the field, to the left of the house a body of the enemy's infantry, whose numbers we could not ascertain for the darkness of the night, and with whom, after they had to our challenge answered "For the Union," we exchanged a single volley and then drove them from the field. Here we found a large hospital filled with wounded, and during the night and next morning captured about - prisoners and collected a large number of arms.

In this engagement my loss was 17 killed and 196 wounded, among the former Captain Bush, commanding the Fifth Alabama Battalion, killed August 29, and among the latter Colonel W. A. Forbes, Fourteenth

