
Tennessee, mortally wounded on August 30 near the enemy's battery. Colonel Forbes died of his wounds a few days after.

The regiments of my brigade were commanded as follows, viz: First Tennessee, Colonel Turney; Seventh Tennessee, Major Shepard; Fourteenth Tennessee, Colonel Forbes until wounded, and then by Major [James W. Lockert; Nineteenth Georgia, Captain F. M. Johnston, and the Fifth Alabama Battalion by Captain Bush August 29, and by Lieutenant Hooper August 30.

Among the officers whose gallantry I especially noticed in this action were Lieutenant Colonel N. J. George, First Tennessee, and Lieutenant Charles M. Hooper, Fifth Alabama, and among the privates Dr. J. H. G. Turkett, of Captain

-------

's company, Hampton's Legion, detailed as courier at my headquarters, who after his horse was killed under him on Friday fought with conspicuous valor, and F. M. Barnes, of Company A, Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment, who seized the colors from the hands of the wounded color-bearer and bore them bravely through the fight.

My thanks are especially due to Aide-de-Camp O. H. Thomas, the only officer of my staff present (my assistant adjutant-general being absent sick since a few days after the battle of Cedar Run), for most gallant, intelligent, and efficient service throughout the action.

OX HILL.

At the battle of Ox Hill my brigade was held in reserve within supporting distance of Gregg's and Thomas' brigades. Night came on, and the battle ceased before its support was needed.*

* * * * * * *

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. ARCHER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. C. MORGAN, Asst. Adjt. General, A. P. Hill's Division.

Numbers 189. Report of Brigadier General Edward L. Thomas, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations August 28 - September 20.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, LIGHT DIVISION,October 26, 1862.#

* * * * * * *

MAJOR: On Thursday, August 28, near Sudley Ford, this brigade was held in reserve by order of General Hill; was under fire, but took no active part, and after the enemy gave way moved forward and bivouacked for the night on the field.

Early on Friday, August 29, the march was resumed, with directions to be prepared for an attack near the railroad. General Gregg's brigade meeting the enemy there, this brigade advanced to the right, the regiments being thrown in successively until all became engaged. The enemy were in strong position on the railroad. We at once advanced and drove them from it. This position we were ordered to hold, and if possible to avoid bringing on a general engagement, and held it

---------------

* For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 1000 - 1002.

# The portions of this report relating to Cedar Run printed on p. 219.

---------------

