
against several attacks from the enemy in strong force during the day. In the afternoon an overwhelming force attacked us (now almost without ammunition) in front and on the left flank and forced us back a short distance, when General Pender's brigade advanced promptly and in fine order to the assistance of the Third, most of which joined General Pender's, and together they drove back the enemy some distance beyond our previous position, which was held until night, the brigade bivouacking on the field.

On Saturday, August 30, we were ordered to take position near the left of the line, which position was held during the day against repeated attacks from the enemy in strong force. Late in the afternoon the Third brigade, with General Pender's and General Archer's, was ordered to move forward en echelon. The enemy were driven back a distance of 1 1/2 miles, and the brigade bivouacked that night some distance to the rear of the enemy's position during the day.

On Monday, September 1, near Germantown, the Third Brigade was ordered to the support of General Gregg. After a sharp conflict with a body of the enemy they were driven back, and the field was held by our troops that night.

On September 14 and 15 this brigade was ordered to support General Pender's, then advancing upon Harper's Ferry. We were exposed to a heavy artillery fire, which caused some loss, but took no active part, and had moved to within a short distance of the enemy's works when they surrendered.

At Shepherdstown, on September 20, we were placed in position on the extreme right of the line, and were ordered to advance toward the Potomac River. Moving forward we took position commanding the ford; remained under a heavy artillery fire until night, and were then ordered back to camp.

Colonel R. W. Folsom, Fourteenth Georgia Regiment; Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Manning, Forty-ninth Georgia, and Major W. L. Grice, Forty-fifth Georgia, led their commands with a skill and gallantry highly honorable to them.

Major Lewis Ginter, Lieutenant William Norwood, and Lieutenant John Tyler, of the staff, performed their duties with gallantry on the field, and I take this occasion to acknowledge their valuable services to me.

With few exceptions the officers and men of this command conducted themselves on the field in a manner highly honorable to them. Their courage, their cheerful obedience to orders, and their patient endurance of hardships cannot be commended too highly.

I have the honor to be, major, with highest respect, your obedient servant,

EDWD. L. THOMAS,

Brigadier-General.

Major R. C. MORGAN, Asst. Adjt. General, Light Division.

Numbers 190. Report of Brigadier General Jubal A. Early, C. S. Army, commanding Third, or Ewell's Division, of operations August 16 - September 1.
HEADQUARTERS EWELL'S DIVISION,January 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with instructions from the headquarters of

