
away ammunition, but coolly reserved their fire until the enemy should get to close quarters, determined to make it a death struggle. This commendation is equally due to Colonel Douglass and his officers and men and the officers and men of the two batteries mentioned as to my own brigade.

After recrossing, my brigade, as well as that of General Lawton, was moved back to the vicinity of Jeffersonton to rest and cook rations.

MOVEMENT UPON THE ENEMY'S LINE OF COMMUNICATION TO THE REAR AND AFFAIRS AT BRISTOE STATION AND MANASSAS JUNCTION.

Early on the morning of the 25th the division moved, under orders from General Jackson, to Henson's Mill, above Waterloo Bridge, where it crossed the Rappahannock, and then proceeded by Orleans and encamped at night near Salem, in Fauquier County.

Very early next morning it marched by Salem and through Thoroughfare Gap in the direction of Gainesville, at which latter place it took the road to Bristoe Station, on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. The division, which on this day (as well as on the day before) was in the advance, moved as follows: First, Hays' brigade, under Colonel Forno; second, Trimble's brigade; third, Lawton's brigade; fourth, my own brigade. Hays' brigade reached the station a short time before sunset, just as several trains were approaching from the direction of Warrenton Junction. There being no force at this place, except a small detachment of cavalry, which was soon dispersed, Colonel Forno succeeded in arresting and capturing two trains of empty cars, the first which approached making good its escape by forcing its way over the obstructions placed on the road towards Manassas Junction. General Trimble, as soon as he arrived, was detached with two regiments of his brigade to Manassas Junction, and the other brigades as they arrived and Hays' brigade were placed in position by Major-General Ewell so as to prevent surprise and any approach on the railroad.

As soon as it was light next morning the three brigades of the division left at Bristoe were placed in position as follows: Lawton's brigade was posted on the left of the railroad, Hays' brigade on the right of it, and my own brigade to the right of Hays', in a pine woods, our line of battle being fronted toward Warrenton Junction and occupying a ridge a short distance from Bristoe in the direction of that Junction. Colonel Forno, with four regiments of Hays' brigade and one of Lawton's and one piece of artillery from D'Aquin's battery, was then ordered to the front to reconnoiter and destroy the bridge over Kettle Run and tear up the track of the railroad. He found the enemy had brought up on a train of cars a body of infantry sufficient to fill nine cars, but having doubtless discovered our force to be larger than was thought, was reembarking it. A few shots from the piece of artillery were fired at the train and it made its way back again after receiving some damage. The Sixth Louisiana, under Colonel Strong, was left on picket 2 miles in front on the railroad, and the Eighth Louisiana was put to work destroying the railroad bridge and tearing up the track, and Colonel Forno returned with the rest of the force.

In the mean time the Fifteenth Alabama, of Trimble's brigade, and the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, of my own brigade, were sent to join General Trimble at Manassas Junction, an order having been received for the transfer of the latter regiment. Under orders from General Ewell, later in the day, the Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment, of my bri-

