
gade, was moved to the right on a road leading to Greenwich across a ridge that was to the right of our position. Brown's battery, from the artillery battalion, was posted on a hill in rear of the position of my brigade, and several pieces from two other batteries were posted farther to the right on a ridge over which the road from Gainesville runs, supported by two regiments from Lawton's brigade, the whole being so posted as to command the open ground in front of the right of our position. A regiment from Lawton's brigade (the Sixtieth Georgia), with one piece of artillery, was advanced on the left of the railroad, so as to support Colonel Forno's two regiments that were in front, and Johnson's battery, of my brigade, was posted on the ridge between the position of Hays' brigade and my own, and the rest of the batteries were posted on the left of the station.

In the afternoon indications were seen of the approach of heavy columns of the enemy from the direction of Warrenton Junction, and all the baggage wagons were ordered to move toward Manassas Junction. In a short time the enemy was seen approaching on the right of the railroad and in front of Hays' brigade, the Sixth and Eighth Louisiana Regiments falling back and taking position in a woods 300 or 400 yards in front of the brigade. The enemy's force consisted of heavy columns of infantry, with artillery. As soon as the enemy came in range our artillery from its several positions opened on him, as did the Sixth and Eighth Louisiana and Sixtieth Georgia Regiments. By this combined fire two columns of the enemy of not less than a brigade each were driven back, and the Fifth Louisiana Regiment was sent forward to re-enforce the Sixth and Eighth. Fresh columns of the enemy were, however, seen advancing, and it became apparent that his force was much larger than ours, and the nature of the ground was such that by a movement to our right, which he was evidently making, he could obtain a position which commanded the rear of our line and the crossings of Broad Run. General Ewell then informed me that he had received orders from General Jackson to retire toward Manassas Junction if the enemy came in large force, and he gave the orders for the withdrawal of our force across Broad Run. At this time the Louisiana regiments were actually engaged and a large body of the enemy was moving up, and the experiment had to be tried whether our troops could be withdrawn in good order. General Ewell directed me to cover the retiring of the troops with my brigade. Lawton's brigade was first withdrawn across the ford at the railroad bridge and then Hays' brigade followed, the regiments engaged in front having fallen back in good order. My own brigade was withdrawn from the pine woods in which it was and formed in successive lines of battle, so as to cover the ford at the bridge. All of the artillery was successfully crossed over, a part having crossed at Milford, several hundred yards above the bridge, at which also the Forty-ninth Virginia Regiment crossed.

In the mean time the enemy advanced in line of battle on both sides of the railroad, preceded by skirmishers and keeping up a constant artillery fire. Lawont's brigade was formed in line of battle on the north bank of Broad Run and some batteries were placed in position, and Hays' brigade was ordered to proceed to Manassas. After all the other brigades and the artillery had crossed my own brigade was crossed over by regiments successively, the Thirteenth Virginia, under Colonel Walker, being retained until the last, and skirmishers sent out from it to keep the enemy's skirmishers in check. I then crossed over the Thirteenth Regiment and moved back about three quarters of a mile from the run, and formed my brigade in line of battle on a high hill on

