
the road toward Manassas and in full view of the enemy, who had halted on the ridges near Bristoe Station. In a short time afterward General Ewell, with Lawton's brigade, moved back through my line, which ran across the road, and directed me to remain in my position until orders should be sent back to me, directing me at the same time to move one or two regiments by flank with colors elevated, so as to present the appearance of the arrival of re-enforcements. This was done, and the enemy did not advance farther. Shortly after dusk, under orders from General Ewell, I moved to Manassas Junction.

Our loss was comparatively slight in this affair, and the men behaved admirably, withdrawing from under fire and moving back in excellent order.

General Trimble having been detached from the division the night previous, his movements were under the immediate direction of General Jackson, and I am unable to furnish any account of them.

THE THREE-DAYS' FIGHTING NEAR MANASSAS.

As soon as the troops of the division were supplied with provisions at Manassas, of which they stood in great need, they were moved in the direction of Centreville toward Bull Run, and the several brigades bivouacked separately between Manassas and Bull Run.

At dawn next morning my brigade, by direction of General Ewell, moved to the bridge at Blackburn's Ford, where it crossed and proceeded up to the stone bridge through the fields on the north side of Bull Run, followed by Trimble's brigade, again crossing there and proceeding along the Warrenton turnpike for a short distance, and then turning to the right through the fields near the old Carter house and Matthews' house, close to which the first battle of Manassas began. My brigade was marched across the road running from the stone house on the turnpike to Sudley Church, and formed in line in the woods north of that road. The other brigades were halted in the woods north of that road, Lawton's and Hays' brigades having missed their way and gone in the direction of Centreville, but having turned back on the Warrenton turnpike and come up with the others. After remaining in this position for some time the division was ordered to move under cover of the woods in the direction of Gainesville, following Jackson's division, commanded by Brigadier-General Taliaferro. My own brigade was the leading one of the division in this movement and followed Jackson's division, moving through the woods until we reached the track graded for a railroad, and thence along that to the point where it leaves the woods, not far from Groveton. We here turned to the right and were formed in line in the edge of a piece of woods, with the left resting on the railroad track and the right a short distance in rear of Starke's brigade, of Jackson's division. Hays' brigade was formed just behind my own, and Lawton's and Trimble's brigades were moved farther to the right by General Ewell, who accompanied them, and directed me to take command of my own and Hays' brigade.

I saw no more of General Ewell subsequent to this until after night, when I saw him wounded. I am unable to give the particulars of the operation of Lawton's and Trimble's brigades, but I am informed that they were placed in line by General Ewell on the right of Starke's brigade, and when the advance was made on the enemy as he moved down the turnpike late in the afternoon these two brigades were ordered forward by General Ewell and participated in the attack on the enemy, constituting the left of our line of attack, and crossing the railroad and

