
brigade in the woods not far from the position at which I had been the evening before, but formed in line so as to be parallel to the railroad, Trimble's brigade being posted on the railroad cut on the right of our line as thus contracted. I was ordered by General Lawton to form my brigade in line in rear of his brigade and Colonel Forno was directed to form on my right.

Shortly after this the enemy began his attempts to drive our troops from the line of the railroad, and about 3.30 p. m. Colonel Forno was ordered to advance to the front by General Jackson to the support of one of General A. P. Hill's brigades, and he advanced to the railroad and drove the enemy from it and took position on it with his brigade. After this affair Colonel Forno was wounded by one of the enemy's sharpshooters so seriously as to require his removal from the field.

Subsequent to this advance by Colonel Forno a messenger came to me from General A. P. Hill, stating that the enemy were pressing one of his brigades on the railroad whose ammunition was nearly exhausted, and requesting me to advance to its support. I immediately did so, and as I passed General Lawton's brigade I found him preparing to send forward the Thirteenth Georgia Regiment, of his brigade. I continued to advance to the front, accompanied by the Eighth Louisiana Regiment, under Major [T. D.] Lewis, which had not been with its own brigade, having been sent off to replenish its ammunition the day before and having returned just in time to join my brigade.

On reaching the railroad I found the enemy had possession of it and a piece of woods in front, there being at this point a deep cut, which furnished a strong defense. General Gregg's and Colonel Thomas' brigades, of A. P. Hill's division, having nearly exhausted their ammunition, had fallen back a short distance, but were still presenting front to the enemy. My brigade and the Eighth Louisiana Regiment advanced upon the enemy through a field and drove him from the woods and out of the railroad cut, crossing the latter and following in pursuit several hundred yards beyond. In this charge, which was made with great gallantry, heavy loss was inflicted on the enemy, with comparatively slight loss to my own brigade, though among others two valuable officers, Colonel [George H.] Smith and Major [J. C.] Higginbotham, of the Twenty-fifth Virginia Regiment, were severely wounded. The Thirteenth Georgia Regiment also advanced to the railroad and crossed it to my right. The messenger from General Hill had stated that it was not desirable that I should go beyond the railroad, and as soon as I could arrest the advance of my brigade I moved it back to the railroad and occupied it. This was the last attempt made by the enemy on the afternoon of Friday, the 29th, to get possession of the line of the railroad.

On the afternoon of this day General Trimble was wounded by a shot from one of the enemy's sharpshooters, though I believe his brigade was not engaged during the day. General Trimble's wound was a very serious one, and the command of the brigade devolved on Captain Brown, of the Twelfth Georgia Regiment, as the ranking officer present.

During the night of the 29th my brigade and the Eighth Louisiana and Thirteenth Georgia Regiments lay on their arms on the part of the line they were at.

Early next morning the enemy's sharpshooters commenced firing on my left flank along the railroad, killing a very valuable young officer in the Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, Lieutenant [T. J.] Willeroy, and I became then aware for the first time that my flank was exposed, as I had been informed that one or more of General Hill's brigades were to

