
tion, these two regiments successfully repulsing two brigades of the enemy until their ammunition was expended, when I ordered up the Fifth Regiment (Major B. Menger commanding) to support them, when, after a few discharges from the latter regiment, the whole retired in as good order as if on parade. One regiment from General Lawton's brigade, with one piece of artillery, supported the left of my line, and did good service in repelling an attempt of the enemy to flank us. As soon as our artillery got into position the brigade was ordered to fall back to Manassas.

Our loss in killed and wounded was small; that of the enemy heavy. The Fifth, Sixth, and Eighth Louisiana and Lawton's brigade 19 killed and 31 wounded.* Enemy's loss 80 killed and 200 wounded, many of whom were officers of rank - colonels and other officers. The information as to the loss on both sides I obtained from Assistant Surgeon Strickler, of the Fifth Louisiana Regiment, he being left in charge of our wounded. The surgeon also informed me that in consequence of the total destruction of the Long Bridge the enemy were compelled to burn a large amount of stores, railroad cars, &amp; c.

After 12 o'clock at night of the 27th the brigade was put in motion, with orders to follow General Early, but owing to the darkness I was unable to find him.

At daylight on the morning of the 28th I crossed Bull Run Bridge and joined the division. Afterward was ordered to report to General Early, and, with his brigade, supported General Taliaferro, but did not engage.

On the morning of the 29th, still under command of General Early, occupied the right of our line until the arrival of General Longstreet, when we rejoined our division in the center. At 3.30 p. m. on the 29th was ordered to advance my brigade by General Jackson, and soon after engaged the enemy, and after driving them with great slaughter retained the ground previously occupied by them. At about 6 p. m. I was wounded and taken from the field, and turned over the command to Colonel Strong, Sixth Louisiana. Our loss was 24 killed and 41 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. FORNO,

Colonel Fifth Louisiana Regiment.

Numbers 192. Reports of Brigadier General Isaac R. Trimble, C. S. Army, commanding brigade, of operations August 22 - 27.

ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Morse's Neck, January 30, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your order of this date I furnish a report of the operations of my (Seventh) brigade on August 22, 1862, in the battle of Hazel River:

About 10 a. m. that day I was left with orders from General R. S. Ewell to station my brigade about 1 mile distant from the ford on Hazel River, near Welford's Mill, where the army crossed. The object of my force was to protect the flank of our wagon train from the enemy,

---------------

* This does not represent correctly the whole loss, but only the dead left on the field and the wounded that could not be carried off.

J. A. EARLY, Brigadier-General.

---------------

