
attack. I think proper also to name Frank Champion, my mounted orderly, for the display of intelligence and activity in the field in conveying orders and obtaining information.

In this sharp encounter the enemy certainly outnumbered our force two or three to one, and certainly lost ten to one in their killed, wounded, and prisoners. Our loss in killed and wounded was 47, among them no field officers or captains.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON,

Commanding Second Army Corps, on Rappahannock River.

CHARLOTTESVILLE, VA., January 6, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I report the operations of my brigade in the execution of your order to me on the evening of August 26 last to capture Manassas Junction:

Your order was received about 9 o'clock that night, after a long and fatiguing march of the army from Salem to Bristoe Station. I immediately put two regiments in motion - the Twenty-first North Carolina, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Fulton, and the Twenty-first Georgia, commanded by Major Glover, in all about 500 men (my third regiment was left at Bristoe) - and proceeded with them to within 1 1/2 miles of Manassas, where we halted in consequence of the brisk discharge of fire-arms in our front, caused by an encounter of a part of General Stuart's cavalry with a party of the enemy's pickets. I informed General Stuart of my intention to attack Manassas Junction, and requested his aid with the cavalry which he had then with him. Throwing forward skirmishers in advance of the regiments I proceeded cautiously in order of battle, the night being very dark. We met with no opposition until within half a mile of the cluster of houses at the junction, when discharges of artillery, rapidly repeated, were delivered from the enemy's batteries in the direction of our force. From a want of knowledge of our position this fire did us but little injury. I then disposed of one regiment on the north side of the railroad and the other on the south side, my aide, Lieutenant McKim, being posted on the track, with directions to regulate the advance of the Georgia regiment by that of the North Carolina, which latter advanced under my immediate orders. These dispositions being made, I gave orders to advance rapidly, skirmishers being well in front, until we had approached within 100 yards of the batteries, which continued their fire, one on the north and the other on the south of the railroad. Here I halted and issued watchwords and responses, that our men might recognize each other in case of a mingled encounter with the enemy. The position of the batteries on either side of the railroad having been ascertained pretty accurately, the word was given, "Charge," when both regiments advanced rapidly and firmly, and in five minutes both batteries were carried at the point of the bayonet. Sending an officer to the north side of the railroad to ascertain the success of the Georgia regiment, he could not immediately find them, and cried out, "Hallo, Georgia, where are you?" The reply was, "Here; all right! we have taken a battery." "So have we," was the response, whereupon cheers rent the air. As soon as an examination could be made it was ascertained that each of the two batteries

