
contained four field pieces, horses, equipments, and ammunition, complete. Over 300 prisoners were taken, an immense quantity of commissary and quartermaster's stores, and a large train loaded with promiscuous army supplies, just arrived from Alexandria, and about 200 horses independent of those belonging to the artillery. Over 200 negroes were also recaptured. In this successful issue of the night's work I had no assistance from artillery or from any part of General Stuart's cavalry, a regiment of which arrived some hours after the attack was made and commenced an indiscriminate plunder of horses. General Stuart himself did not arrive until 7 or 8 o'clock in the morning.

As I had ascertained that a large force of the enemy was at Centreville and another force hourly expected by railroad from Alexandria, and as at any moment an attempt might be made to retake the place, I kept the two regiments under arms all night. Reporting our success at General Jackson's headquarters at Bristoe, I asked that re-enforcements should be sent to me without delay. These arrived soon after daylight, and were disposed so as to repel any attack of the enemy. Guards were placed over the buildings and cars containing public stores, and no depredations whatever were committed by the men of either of my regiments, who were continued under arms the whole of the night and all the next day without relief.

It was with extreme mortification that, in reporting to General A. P. Hill for orders about 10 o'clock, I witnessed an indiscriminate plunder of the public stores, cars, and sutlers' houses by the army which had just arrived, in which General Hill's division was conspicuous, setting at defiance the guards I had placed over the stores.

Before concluding this report I must, in justice to the officers and men of the two regiments, express the high admiration I entertain for the good conduct and gallantry which they displayed throughout the whole affair. When under the exhaustion of a long march they were told that the honor of capturing Manassas devolved upon them, and that Manassas was to be captured that night, every man set out with cheerful alacrity to perform the service, and when ordered to charge the batteries, that act was done with a coolness and intrepidity seldom surpassed, especially as they could not know what numbers were opposed to them and, in the night, from what direction the danger would come.

The force of my two regiments was less than 500 men. The number of the enemy captured was about 300; but their whole force could not be ascertained. Our loss was - killed, none; wounded, 15 men; the loss of the enemy unknown.

As I have had frequent occasion before to speak in high commendation of the gallantry of Lieutenant W. D. McKim, my aide-de-camp, so on this occasion, as the only member of my staff present, I take pleasure in acknowledging the value of his services and his judgment and coolness in so trying an emergency.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. R. TRIMBLE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant General THOMAS J. JACKSON.
HEADQUARTERS TRIMBLE'S DIVISION,April 10, 1863.

COLONEL: I have received your communication dated yesterday call

46 R R - VOL XII, PT II

