
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

APRIL 10, 1863.

In answer to your note requesting us to state what we knew of the capture of Manassas Junction by our forces last summer and the part our regiment enacted in that affair we respectfully send the following statement:

Our regiment and the Twenty-first Georgia started from Bristoe Station about 9 p. m. and marched toward the Junction, passing by the cavalry about 1 mile from that place. Our regiment was drawn up in line on the right of the railroad and the Georgia regiment on the left. When we reached the first redoubt, which had been thrown up by our forces while the place was in our possession last year (1861-'62), we were fired upon by musketry and artillery with canister. The order was immediately given to charge the place, which we did, receiving several volleys of canister before we reached it. The enemy left their guns, which we took, and the regiment was employed for several hours after in gathering up prisoners and searching through the various buildings of the place. This was about 11.30 p. m. The cavalry did not enter the place until some two hours after, by which time we had secured a large number of prisoners, besides many negroes. Our regiment was kept in the place all night; several companies were detailed to guard the prisoners and perform picket duty.

The cavalry had nothing to do at all with the capture of the place, and if General Stuart's cavalry were under any fire, they must have taken the grape which passed over us as intended for themselves.

W. S. RANKIN,

Major, et al.

Major-General TRIMBLE.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

APRIL 10, 1863.

As a question has been raised as to whom is due the honor of capturing Manassas, I do with pleasure, general, state that I was present with your brigade, in which my regiment (the Twenty-first North Carolina) was, on the night of the capture of Manassas Junction, which took place, I think, on August 26 last, about 10 or 11 p. m. I went with my regiment beyond the railroad junction proper till they reached the first redoubt on the railroad which our forces had thrown up in 1861, and there remained. The regiments marched on, one on either side of the railroad, and had not progressed more than a few hundred yards when the enemy opened fire upon the brigade. Shortly after this I started back to Bristoe Station to bring forward the ambulances which had been left behind. I had gone back fully half a mile this side (west) of the Junction proper, and at least 1 1/4 miles in rear of where I left your brigade, when I was halted by a cavalry picket, which was composed of members of the Sixth Virginia Cavalry. In conversation with them they asked me whether the Junction had been captured, &amp; c., and told me their regiment was stationed near them, which I approached and saw. This was the nearest point to the Junction at which I saw any cavalry.

Yours, very respectfully,

H. SHEPPERD,

Captain and Act. Com. Sub. Twenty-first North Carolina.

General TRIMBLE.

