
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]
HEADQUARTERS TRIMBLE'S DIVISION,April 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I make the following statement:

On the night of August 26, 1862, as your command was moving by the flank upon Manassas it was halted when about 1 1/2 miles from the Junction, in consequence of the report of a few musket-shots in front, occasioned, as was soon ascertained, by the fire of the enemy's pickets upon our cavalry under the command of Major-General Stuart. After a short interview with General Stuart your command was formed in line of battle and I was sent to notify General Stuart of your readiness to advance. I found him asleep under a tree; he was awakened by one of his staff and I delivered your message. The firing which occasioned our halt was from the enemy's pickets alone. No gun was fired by the enemy until we were within half a mile of Manassas. I saw nothing more of the cavalry after delivering to General Stuart your message, and it has always been my impression that they did not participate in the attack upon Manassas.

I remain, sir, very respectfully, yours,

W. DUNCAN MCKIM.

Major General ISSAC R. TRIMBLE.

Numbers 193. Reports of Major General James E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding cavalry of the Army of Northern Virginia, of operations August 16 -September 2.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command during the period of the army's advance to the Rappahannock in August last:

My command at that time consisted of Hampton's brigade, left in observation on the Charles City border, where the enemy's demonstrations left us in some doubt about his intentions; Fitz. Lee's brigade at Hanover Court-House, where also were my headquarters, and a battery of Horse Artillery to each.

On August 16. 1862, in pursuance of the commanding general's (R. E. Lee) secret instructions, I put this brigade on the march for the vicinity of Raccoon Ford, near which point the army under his command was rapidly concentrating. General Fitzhugh Lee was directed by me to proceed the next day from near Davenport's Bridge, opposite Beaver Dam, across to the vicinity of Raccoon Ford, where I promised to join him on that evening (17th). I proceeded on the cars directly to the commanding general, whom I found near Orange Court-House. My command was now augmented by the addition of another brigade (Robertson's), and it was intended to concentrate the bulk of this force near Raccoon Ford, cross, and attack the enemy's communications in rear of Culpeper Court-House simultaneously with a blow by the main body in front. I rode down to Verdierville, a point on the plank road oppo-

