
some interesting information (marked D).* He reports a loss of 3 killed and 13 wounded, while the enemy left several more dead on the field, and 64 were taken prisoners, wounded included, and several commissioned officers, together with their arms and equipments and a number of cavalry horses.

Thus ended the operations of August 20, the enemy's operations having materially modified the original plan. During the night outposts were kept up by the cavalry along the entire front. It was ascertained by my command during the day that Burnside had effected a junction with Pope before the retreat; that the enemy had crossed principally at Kelly's Ford and Rappahannock Station Ford, the main body of his cavalry crossing at the latter place, and that the retreat began the night previous, the wagon trains having been sent off early in the day, corroborating the conclusion arrived at by the commanding general on Clarke's Mountain.

Accompanying this report will also be found a map# of the country traversed in the operations described, drawn by Captain Blackford, my topographical engineer.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Inclosure A.]

AUGUST 19, 1862.

GENERAL: I desire you to rest your men to-day, refresh your horses, prepare rations, and everything for the march to-morrow. Get what information you can of fords, roads, and position of enemy, so that your march can be made understanding and with vigor. I sent to you Captain Mason, an experienced bridge-builder, &amp; c., who I think will be able to aid you in the destruction of the bridge, & c. When that is accomplished, or while in train of execution, as circumstances permit, I wish you to operate back toward Culpeper Court-House, creating such confusion and consternation as you can without unnecessarily exposing your men until you feel Longstreet's right. Take position then on his right, hold yourself in reserve, and act as circumstances may require. I wish to know during the day how you proceed in your preparations. They will require the personal attention of all your officers. The last reports from the signal stations yesterday evening were that the enemy was breaking up his principal encampments and moving in direction of Culpeper Court-House.

Very respectfully, & c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

[Inclosure B.]

AUGUST 19, 1862 - 4.45 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just returned from Clarke's Mountain. The enemy, as far as I can discover, is retreating on the road to Fredericksburg. His

---------------

* See Numbers 194.

# To appear in Atlas.

---------------

