
route is certainly north of Stevensburg, and is thought to be through Brandy Station over the Rappahannock by Kelly's Ford. You will therefore have to bear well to your right after crossing the Rapidan, unless you can get other information. I propose to start the troops at the rising of the moon to-morrow morning, which will give the men and horses a little rest, and I believe we shall make more than by starting at night. It is so late now that they could not get off before. The order for to-morrow you will consider modified as above. If you can get information of the route of the enemy you will endeavor to cut him off, otherwise make for Kelly's Ford, over the Rappahannock. Send back all information you can gather. If shall cross at Somerville Ford and follow in the route of the troops toward Brandy Station. If you can get off earlier than the time I have appointed to advantage do so.

Very respectfully, &amp; c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.

General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry.

[Inclosure C.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 19, 1862.

Numbers 185.

I. General Longstreet's command, constituting the right wing of the army, will cross the Rapidan at Raccoon Ford and move in the direction of Culpeper Court-House. General Jackson's command, constituting the left wing, will cross at Somerville Ford and move in the same direction, keeping on the left of General Longstreet. General Anderson's division will cross at Somerville Ford, follow the route of General Jackson, and act in reserve. The battalion of light artillery under Colonel S. D. Lee will take the same route. The cavalry, under General Stuart, will cross at Morton's Ford, pursue the route by Stevensburg to Rappahannock Station, destroy the railroad bridge, cut the enemy's communication, telegraph line, and operating toward Culpeper Court-House, will take position on General Longstreet's right.

II. The commanders of each wing will designate the reserve for their commands. Medical and ammunition wagons will alone follow the troops across the Rapidan. The baggage and supply trains will be parked under their respective officers in secure positions on the south side, so as not to embarrass the different roads.

III. Cooked rations for three days will be carried in the haversacks of the men, and provision must be made for foraging the animals. Straggling from the ranks is strictly prohibited, and commanders will make arrangements to secure and punish offenders.

IV. The movements herein directed will commence to-morrow, 20th instant, at dawn of day.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,February 23, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command with the army of Northern Virginia, con

