
to the rear. The enemy collected after their first stampede enough to fire a volley into the burning camp, but without injury.

Brigadier-General Robertson's command was held in reserve, of which the Twelfth Regiment had not yet arrived, being detained by the artillery.

The streams (Cedar Run and Rappahannock) were in my rear, and the former was reported already swimming, and the rain still continued. This cavalry had had a long march without intermission, and being the greater part of the cavalry of the army, its return without delay was necessary. These considerations determined me to leave before daylight with what had been accomplished. I accordingly retired by the same route.

As day dawned I found among the great number of prisoners Pope's field quartermaster, Major Goulding, and ascertained that the chief quartermaster and Pope's aide-de-camp, Colonel L. H. Marshall, narrowly escaped the same fate. The men of the command had secured Pope's uniform, his horses and equipments, money-chests, and a great variety of uniforms and personal baggage, but what was of peculiar value was the dispatch-book of General Pope, which contained information of great importance to us, throwing light upon the strength, movements, and designs of the enemy, and disclosing General Pope's own views against his ability to defend the line of the Rappahannock. These and many others, to which it is needless now to refer, were transmitted to the commanding general at the time, and no copies were kept by me.

The enemy's killed we had no means of ascertaining. Our own loss in killed, wounded, and missing was slight, a circumstance affording peculiar reason for congratulation, under the extraordinary circumstances surrounding the enterprise. Over 300 prisoners, of whom a large number were officers, were marched safely within our lines at Warrenton Springs on August 23, where General Jackson was found constructing a bridge.

My command remained that night on the north bank in bivouac, and the next day recrossed to the south bank, General Jackson's crossing at that point having been abandoned.

During the 23rd some severe skirmishing with artillery took place, in which the Second Virginia Cavalry, Colonel Munford (Robertson's brigade), suffered to some extent. The brigades, after recrossing the Rappahannock, took position between Jefferson and Amissville, the main portion of the army being now between the two rivers.

I feel bound to accord to the officers and men, collectively, engaged in this expedition unqualified praise for their good conduct under circumstances where their discipline, fortitude, endurance, and bravery stood such an extraordinary test. The horseman who, at his officer's bidding, without questioning, leaps into unexplored darkness, knowing nothing except that there is certain danger ahead, possesses the highest attribute of the patriot soldier. It is a great source of pride to me to command a division of such men.

I append a map,* containing that portion of the country embraced in this report, drawn by Captain W. W. Blackford, Corps Engineers.

I am greatly indebted to my staff for valuable services rendered. They were, without exception, prompt and indefatigable.

Subsequent events have shown what a demoralizing effect the success of this expedition had upon the army of the enemy, shaking their confidence in a general who had scorned the enterprise and ridiculed the

---------------

* To appear in Atlas.

---------------

