
courage of his adversaries, and it compelled him to look to his communications and make heavy detachments from his main body to protect them. It inflicted a mortifying disaster upon the general himself in the loss of his personal baggage and part of his staff.

Appended will be found a list of casualties.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON,

Asst. Adjt. and Insp. General, Army of Northern Virginia.

[Inclosure.]

Killed.	Wounded.	Missing.

Catlett's Station,	4	1	7

August 23

Freeman's Ford	2	10	----

Beverly's Ford	----	----	1

Total	6	11	8
HDQRS. STUART'S CAV. DIV., ARMY OF N. VA.,February 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to furnish the following summary of events in which my command participated immediately preceding and subsequent to the second battle of Manassas, or, as it should be more properly termed, the battle of Groveton Heights, August 30, 1862:

My command had hardly recrossed the Rappahannock, as narrated in my last, when that portion of it left on outpost duty on the river became engaged with the enemy, who had advanced to the opposite bank. It was soon apparent that the enemy meditated the destruction of the Waterloo Bridge, the only bridge over the stream then standing. Appreciating its importance to us, I directed the sharpshooters of the two brigades to be sent to its defense, and the command of this party, numbering about 100 men, devolved by selection upon Colonel T. L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, whose judgment in posting his command enabled him to prevent the destruction of the bridge in spite of desperate attempts to reach it, and held possession all day and night against infantry and artillery until the next day, when he turned over his position and the bridge intact to a regiment of infantry sent to relieve him.

During the day I sent Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, my signal officer, to capture the enemy's signal party on View Tree, an eminence overlooking Warrenton, and establish his own flag instead; the sequel shows with what success.

Colonel Munford's regiment (Second Virginia Cavalry) was detached for temporary service with General Jackson.

That night (25th) I repaired to the headquarters of the commanding general and received my final instructions to accompany the movement of Major-General Jackson, already begun. I was to start at 2 a. m., and upon arriving at the brigades that night at 1 a. m. I had reveille sounded and preparations made for the march at 2 o'clock. In this way I got no sleep, but continued in the saddle all night. I followed by direction the

