
route of General Jackson through Amissville, across the Rappahannock at Henson's Mill, 4 miles above Waterloo; proceeded through Orleans, and thence on the road to Salem, until, getting near that place, I found my way blocked by the baggage trains and artillery of General Jackson's command. Directing the artillery and ambulances to follow the road, I left it with the cavalry and proceeded by farm roads and by-paths parallel to General Jackson's route to reach the head of his column, which left Salem and the plains early in the morning for the direction of Gainesville. The country was exceedingly rough, but I succeeded, by the aid of skillful guides, in passing Bull Run Mountain without passing Thoroughfare Gap, and without incident worthy of record passed through Hay Market, and overtook General Jackson near Gainesville and reported to him. Ewell's division was in advance, and to my command was intrusted guarding the two flanks during the remainder of the pending operations.

On the 26th, as Lee's brigade passed Hay Market, he received information of a train of forage wagons of the enemy, and sent out promptly a regiment and captured it. Having made dispositions above and below Gainesville, on the Warrenton road, with cavalry and artillery, I kept with the main portion on General Jackson's right, crossing Broad Run a few miles above Bristoe and intersecting the railroad to the right (south) of that point. The cavalry now fronted toward the main body of the enemy, still in the direction of the Rappahannock, and covered General Jackson's operations on the railroad bridge, on approaching which Colonel Munford's regiment (Second Virginia), as advance guard, made a bold dash into the place and secured most of the occupants.

About dusk, and simultaneously with the arrival of the command at the railroad, trains of cars came rapidly on from the direction of Warrenton Junction, and before obstruction could be made the first passed on, though fired into by the infantry. Several subsequent ones followed and were captured by the infantry. Details of these operations will no doubt be given by General Jackson and the division commanders.

As soon as practicable I reported to General Jackson, who desired me to proceed to Manassas, and ordered General Trimble to follow with his brigade, notifying me to take charge of the whole. The Fourth Virginia Cavalry (Colonel Wickham) was sent around to gain the rear of Manassas, and with a portion of Robertson's brigade not on outpost duty I proceeded by the direct road to Manassas. I marched until challenged by the enemy's interior sentinels and received a fire of canister. As the infantry were near, coming on, I awaited its arrival, as it was too dark to venture cavalry over uncertain ground against artillery. I directed General Trimble upon his arrival to rest his center directly on the railroad and advance upon the place, with skirmishers well to the front. He soon sent me word it was so dark he preferred waiting until morning, which I accordingly directed he should do. As soon as day broke the place was taken without much difficulty, and with it many prisoners and millions of stores of every kind, which his report will doubtless show. Rosser (Fifth Virginia Cavalry) was left on outpost duty in front of Ewell at Bristoe, and Brien (First Virginia Cavalry) above Gainesville. During the 27th detachments of Robertson's and Lee's brigades had great sport chasing fugitive parties of the enemy's cavalry.

General Jackson, having arrived early in the day, took direction of affairs, and the day was occupied mainly in rationing the command, but several serious demonstrations were made by the enemy during the day from the north side, and in this connection I will mention the cool

