
range of the guns at Centreville, where his forces appeared to be in position. Twenty or thirty ambulances were captured and sent back, with orders to go to work removing our wounded from the battle-field. I have never heard of those ambulances except that they were seized as fresh captures by the Texas Brigade. I think this not improbable, as a large number of prisoners I sent to the rear were fired upon by our infantry near the stone bridge. At this time Colonel T. L. Rosser was sent with 100 men and a section of artillery back to recapture Manassas, in which he succeeded. His report of his operations those few days will be found of interest.

At one time on the 30th, I noticed our front lines near Chinn's house giving way, and looking back saw the reserve line stationary. I sent word to the general commanding (whose name I did not learn) to move up, as he was much needed to support the attack. The order was carried by Captain W. D. Farley, volunteer aide, under circumstances of great personal danger, in which his horse was shot.

Generals Jenkins and Kemper came under my observation as exhibiting good conduct, bravery, and coolness.

Brigadier General D. R. Jones was with me part of the time on the extreme right during the battle, in which several batteries of his division took part, and I think he left me to bring his infantry into action.

My division surgeon, Talcott Eliason, besides being an adept in his profession, exhibited on this, as on former occasions, the attributes of a cavalry commander.

First Lieutenant R. Channing Price was of invaluable assistance as aide-de-camp.

Major Von Borcke, assistant adjutant-general, and Major J. T. W. Hairston, C. S. Army, and Lieutenant Chiswell Dabney, aide-de-camp, rendered important service throughout the period embraced in this report.

My division quartermaster, Major Samuel Hardin Hairston, in coming on to join me, was put in command of a detachment of cavalry at Salem by the commanding general, and sent on an important reconnaissance toward Warrenton, of which his report is appended.

Captain W. W. Blackford, Corps of Engineers, was quick and indefatigable in his efforts to detect the designs of the enemy and improve the positions within our reach.

Private Stringfellow displayed great daring and enterprise as a scout. I append a map* of the country embraced in the foregoing operations, drawn by Captain W. W. Blackford, Corps of Engineers.

I have to mourn the loss of Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, signal officer, the particulars of whose death are given below.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Brigadier General R. H. CHILTON, A. A. and I. G., Army of N. Va.

[Inclosure.]

Number of men killed and wounded in the battle of Groveton Heights, August 30.

Killed. Wounded.

2nd Virginia Cavalry......................... 3 39

12th Virginia Cavalry....................... -- 6

Captain Brown's Maryland Cavalry............ -- 2

Regiment unknown............................ 2 1

Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, signal officer.... 1 --

Total....................................... 6 48

---------------

* To appear in Atlas.

---------------

