
Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, Signal Corps, cavalry division, killed; Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, Major Breckinridge, Lieutenant Kelso, and Lieutenant Walton, Second Virginia Cavalry, severely wounded.

List of killed, wounded, and missing of the Stuart Horse Artillery in the engagements preceding the battle of Groveton Heights.

Killed. Wounded.

August 28..................................... -- 4

August 29..................................... 1 1

Total......................................... 1 5

(Seven horses killed.)

The list of casualties in the division is defective in that no reports have been received from the First, Third, Fourth, and Ninth Regiments Virginia Cavalry, General Fitz. Lee's brigade.

Captain J. Hardeman Stuart, who was sent to capture the enemy's signal party, was deterred by the number of the guard, but the man who had his horse left without him, and he marched afoot with Longstreet's column to Groveton, in which memorable battle he shouldered a musket and fought as a private. He was killed at the storming of Groveton Heights among the foremost. No young man was so universally beloved, or will be more universally mourned; moreover a young man of fine attainments and bright promise.

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Memoranda of operations of Major General J. E. B. Stuart of August 26 - 30.

Tuesday, August 26, General Stuart overtook General Jackson at Gainesville at 4 p. m., and that night Bristoe Station was attacked, General Stuart keeping on General Jackson's right flank, between him and Warrenton Junction.

Night of Tuesday, August 26, General Stuart took General Trimble's brigade of infantry and a part of his cavalry and went from Bristoe Station to Manassas Depot.

Wednesday, August 27, General Stuart made an attack on Manassas Depot at daylight, and captured eight pieces of artillery, with horses, harness, &amp; c., complete, and immense stores of all kinds. General Jackson and part of his command came up at noon of that day and fought Taylor's (Federal) brigade, coming from the direction of Union Mills, in which fight General Taylor (Federal) was mortally wounded. In the mean time General Ewell was attacked at Bristoe, and toward night retired upon Manassas, Colonel Rosser protecting his (Ewell's) right flank and bringing up his rear to Manassas with his cavalry regiment. The cavalry was picketing and scouting in every direction that day and night. General Fitzhugh Lee was sent that day with a portion of his command on an expedition beyond Fairfax Court-House, in which he went to Burke's Station, and there captured prisoners, stores, & c.

Night of Wednesday, August 27, after destroying everything at Manassas (stores, & c.), the army started for the stone bridge, a portion going by the way of Centreville, the cavalry being so deposed as to cover this movement, Colonel Rosser forming the rear guard to General A. P. Hills' division.

Thursday, August 28. On the morning of this day (the army facing

