
Numbers 62. SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Manassas Junction, August 28, 1862.

The trains will come forward in the following order, viz: 1st, Heintzelman's; 2nd McDowell's; 3rd Sigel's; 4th Porter's.

All the supply and regimental train will be sent forward to this place as rapidly as possible, ammunition being forwarded in advance of all other supplies.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 63. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Bristoe Station, August 28, 1862-11.20 a. m.

Colonel CLARY,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of Virginia:

The major-general commanding directs that one or two boxes of ammunition be thrown into every wagon that passes the railroad train where the ammunition now is, no matter to whom the wagon or wagon train belongs. He also directs that the railroad trains be unloaded into the passing wagon trains in the same manner, commencing first to unload the ammunition, as hereinbefore directed.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 64. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Manassas Junction, August 28, 1862-2 p. m.

Major-General McDOWELL:

I sent you a dispatch a few minutes ago directing you to move on Green [Gum] Spring, to intercept Jackson. Since then I have received your note of this morning. I will this evening push forward Reno to Gainesville, and follow with Heintzelman, unless there is a large force of the enemy at Centreville, which I do not believe. Ascertain, if you can, about this. I do not wish you to carry out the order to proceed to Green Spring if you consider it too hazardous, but I will support you in any way you suggest by pushing forward front Manassas Junction across the Turnpike. Jackson has large train, which certainly should be captured. Give me you views fully; you know the country much better than I do. Come no gather in this direction with you command, but call back what has advanced thus far.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 65. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Near Bull Run, August 28, 1862-9.50 p. m.

Major-General KEARNY:

GENERAL: General McDowell has intercepted the retreat of the enemy,. and is now in his front; Sigel on the right of McDowell.

