
toward Groveton, Colonel Rosser's cavalry being on our left flank and front) a portion of the cavalry stationed on our right flank as vedettes kept watch of the enemy's movements, with orders to report to General Jackson. General Stuart, with portions of Robertson's and Fitzhugh Lee's brigades, under General Robertson, marched for Hay Market, keeping along the south side of Bull Run (crossing sometimes) by a by-way, but before reaching there General Stuart found a force of the enemy, which he skirmished with for some time, his attack on them at Hay Market being intended as a diversion in favor of General Longstreet, who was engaged with the enemy at Thoroughfare Gap. General Stuart reached Hay Market at 3 p. m., and returned about dark, in time to take part in the battle which had been going on, joining in just after the infantry and artillery ceased firing. General Stuart spent the night of Thursday, August 28, with General Jackson near Sudlay Mills.

Friday, August 29, as General Stuart rode forward toward Groveton, about 10 a. m., he found that the enemy's sharpshooters had penetrated the woods, going toward the ambulances and train, threatening to cut them off. He at once directed Captain (now Major) Pelham, of the Stuart Horse Artillery, who was near by, to shell the woods and gather up all the stragglers around the train and drive back the enemy. Notifying General Jackson in the mean time of what was transpiring, he also ordered the quartermaster to move the train toward Aldie, and sent an order to Major Patrick to keep his battalion of cavalry between the enemy and the baggage train, a duty which he faithfully discharged, receiving a mortal wound just as he gallantly and successfully repulsed a large force of the enemy that was attempting to cross the run. General Stuart also sent to Colonel Baylor, who was near the railroad embankment, in command of the Stonewall Brigade, asking him to come forward and drive back the enemy; but he replied, " I was posted here for a purpose, and have positive orders to stay here, which I must obey." Having ordered Captain Pelham to report to General Jackson, General Stuart went toward Hay Market to establish communication with Generals Lee and Longstreet, accompanied by Brigadier-General Robertson with a portion of his and portion of General Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry. General Stuart met Generals Lee and Longstreet on the road between Hay Market and Gainesville, and informed them of what had happened and the situation of General Jackson's forces and those of the enemy. General Lee inquired for some way to the Sudley road. General Stuart showed him that the best route for them was by the turnpike, which they took, and General Stuart moved to Longstreet's right flank. The detachment of cavalry under General Fitzhugh Lee that had been to Burke's Station returned in the p. m. of this day to the vicinity of General Jackson, at Sudley.

The night of Friday, August 29, General Stuart was 2 miles east of General Longstreet's command.

Saturday, August 30, General Stuart remained on Longstreet's right, and moved down upon the enemy with crushing effect, driving them across Bull Run at Lewis' Ford, the artillery enfilading their lines and firing into their rear, only ceasing to fire upon them at dark for fear of firing into our own men.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: I took down these memoranda as General Stuart detailed them to me, and he wishes me to say to you that he will submit his report to you before he sends it to General Lee.

JED. HOTCHKISS,

Topographical Engineer, Second Corps.

