
of infantry, among whom I regret to find General Trimble. Troops should be taught to take pride in other branches of service than their own. Officers, particularly general officers, should be the last, by word or example, to inculcate in the troops of their commands a spirit of jealousy and unjust detraction toward other arms of service, where all are mutually dependent and mutually interested, with functions differing in character but not in importance.

So far as my own and the conduct of my cavalry are concerned I am content to rest their vindication and their defense with the generals under whom it has been my honor and pleasure to serve since the first gun of the war.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General.

General R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP PELHAM, VA., April 17, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I give you an account of the events of the night of August 26, 1862, as I remember them:

After General Jackson had taken complete possession of Bristoe Station you started for Manassas, moving slowly at the head of the column, in order that the infantry might have time to come up. When the advance guard got within 1 1/2 miles of Manassas they captured a sentinel standing on the railroad track, and directly after encountered the picket of infantry and cavalry to which he belonged. After a few shots they were driven in and pursued until a shell fired by the enemy struck just to our right. We then halted and waited to ascertain the position of our infantry. Just about day we heard a few shots, and, the command being mounted in haste, we rode into Manassas almost simultaneously with the infantry, who had not full possession of the place, as the enemy were in full view at its eastern side. This was just after full daylight.

Most respectfully,

T. ELIASON.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY CORPS,February 13, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the cavalry division from the battle of Groveton Heights, August 30, 1862, to the recrossing of the Potomac, September 18, 1862:

On August 31, while following up the enemy in the direction of Centreville, Colonel Rosser was sent in the direction of Manassas, where it was understood the enemy were still in some force. He succeeded in driving them from that place with some captures and rejoined the command, when, in pursuance of instructions of the commanding general, I made a flank movement to the left, gained the Little River turnpike, and effected a concentration of Robertson's and Lee's brigades near Chantilly. Near this point Robertson's brigade captured one entire company of New York cavalry, and Lee's brigade an entire company of the old Second Dragoons (regulars), Captain Thomas Hight, and also his subaltern, Robert Clary, their horses, arms, and equipments. It was here

