
Seventh Regiment Virginia Cavalry, our men following beyond Lewis' Ford as far as the Centreville and Warrenton turnpike, when darkness put and end to the pursuit.

A number of the enemy's dead were left upon the field. Colonel Brodhead, of the First Michigan, was mortally wounded in a hand-to-hand encounter with Lieutenant [Lewis] Harman, adjutant of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry. We captured over 300 prisoners. Our loss was 5 killed and 40 wounded.

The conduct of the field officers, as well as that of the men, of the Second Virginia Cavalry surpasses all praise. Sergeant Leopold, of the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, was in the thickest of the fight and acted most gallantly during its continuance. He was wounded in three places.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Cavalry Division, Army of Northern Virginia.

Numbers 195. Report of Colonel Thomas T. Munford, Second Virginia Cavalry, of operations August 26 - September 3.

-------

---, 1862.

On August 25 my regiment, stationed near Waterloo Bridge, was ordered to report to Major-General Jackson for active service. One squadron of sharpshooters, under Captain Ridgely Brown, was left at the bridge. At Henson's Mill I was ordered in advance, with instructions to picket every road leading toward the enemy, which roads were to be held until the whole army passed. The first night we halted at Salem, and occupied the Thoroughfare Gap as soon after dawn as the advance could get there.

On the evening of the 26th the advanced guard captured some 12 or 15 Yankees at Hay Market and Gainesville. They seemed entirely ignorant of any movement of our army, and we pressed on toward Bristoe Station. Ascertaining that the depot was guarded by a company of cavalry and one of infantry, I was ordered to capture them (the pickets detailed en route had reduced my regiment to about 100 men) and surprise their whole command, but most of their cavalry scampered away with their horses. Many of the infantry fled to the hotel and other houses and opened fire upon us. Just at this crisis a train of cars approached, which we attempted to throw from the track by placing sills on it, but in this did not succeed, at the time and materials at hand were not sufficient.

In this skirmish we killed 2 of the enemy, wounded 7, and captured 43, including the lieutenant-colonel of the Fourth New York Regiment, a major, 3 captains, and 4 lieutenants. We also captured 14 cavalry horses, with some few sabers, carbines, and pistols. Lieutenant Wilson and Privates Saunders and Everett, of Company A, were badly wounded by guns fired from the windows of the houses. The Louisiana Brigade came up to our support and succeeded in capturing several trains of cars. The fighting was all over before they arrived.

