
I had charged and scattered the enemy; had crossed and recrossed the railroad with the main body of my command before they opened fire upon the train. I had surprised the enemy and was within 100 yards of them before they suspected me. When the Louisiana Brigade opened upon the train they fired into that portion of my command left on the other side of the railroad.

The next day was engaged in protecting the flank of General Ewell's division, brought up his rear from Manassas, and destroying stores abandoned by the enemy the day previous. At Guntown I was ordered to join the brigade under General Robertson.

About 5 p. m. on the 30th my regiment was ordered to the front. When we arrived nearly on the spot where my command had stood for hours on July 21, 1861, we found a company of the enemy's cavalry. Lieutenant-Colonel [J. W.] Watts was ordered to charge them with one squadron, which he did with his usual spirit (First Squadron, Captains Brown and [H. C.] Dickinson), and put them to flight, but soon discovered that they were the advance guard of General Beaufort's (?) [Buford] cavalry, stationed under the hill near Lewis' Ford. This caused him to halt, when the rest of my regiment was ordered up to his support. As soon as I had formed my line of battle I determined to move to the rear for a better position; but as soon as I had commenced this move the enemy, mistaking my object, advanced upon me. We were then near enough to hear distinctly each other's commands. Hearing the command "Forward, trot," I wheeled my command to the right-about by fours and went at them with drawn sabers. The enemy were in column by regiment, composed of the First Michigan, Fourth New York, and First Virginia (bogus). My regiment in line of battle going at a gallop, we went through the first line of the enemy and engaged part of the second. Here a terrible hand-to-hand fight ensued. The two commands were thoroughly intermingled, and the enemy overpowering us by numbers (being at least four to one), we were driven back; but as soon as the Seventh and Twelfth Virginia Cavalry re-enforced me the whole of the enemy's command commenced a retreat. Had my regiment been promptly re-enforced my command would not have suffered so severely. My regiment went up in splendid order, and made as gallant a charge as ever was seen.

In this fight Lieutenant-Colonel Watts, Major [C.] Breckinridge, Lieutenant [R. H.] Kelso, Company A, and Lieutenant William Walton, Company C, were severely wounded. Privates William Watson, Caleb Dooley, of Company A; B. Peck, S. W. McClure, C. Frasier, J. W. Denton, N. W. Bishop, Company C; S. Martin, John [R.] Beuhler, and Daniel Busham, Company D; J. Shelton, G. T. Rucker, of Company E; F. P. Harris, J. M. Garrett, G. Leftwich, L. Roberts, Company F; D. L. Jenkins, Company G; R. A. Cheatham, James A. Walker, Company H; E. H. Maxey, J. P. Morris, and R. A. Snow, Company I; Joseph Perkins, J. T. B. Moss, T. Baxter, and Hugh Nelson, of Company K; John Lovely, F. R. W. Nelson, of Captain Brown's mounted company, were severely wounded and disabled. Some 12 others were slightly wounded, but continued with the command. Privates F. Noell and B. Watson, Company A, and William Mann, of Company H, were killed.

It is proper to state that my own horse was killed, and that I was dismounted by a lick, but not seriously hurt.

I did not pursue the enemy farther than Bull Run. General Robertson, coming up, assumed command The Seventh and Twelfth were much complimented by those who witnessed their pursuit of the enemy.

