
Their reports have been sent in. The brigade captured some 300 prisoners, a large number of horses, arms, and accouterments.

On the 31st the brigade accompanied General Stuart on a scout to Chantilly, picking up 200 or 300 prisoners. A portion of the Twelfth, under Lieutenant-Colonel [R. H.] Burks, captured one company of the Tenth New York Cavalry without firing a gun.

On the evening of September 1, while our troops were engaged on the Ox road, near Germantown, my regiment was ordered to Leesburg to capture Means and his party.

About 11 a. m. the next day I arrived at Leesburg. Learning that Means was in the town, I cut across from the Dranesville pike and entered the town by the Edwards Ferry road. I succeeded in surprising Means' party, Means himself escaping. He was supported by Major Cole, of Maryland, with about 200 men, on the Point of Rocks road. Without halting in the town I pressed heavily upon him, and soon succeeded in routing his command after a heavy skirmish, and pursued them as far as Waterford, 7 miles. My command amounted to 163 men, about 40 of which number, including Captain Dickinson and Lieutenants [W. R.] Beale and [A. D.] Warwick, did not join in the charge from some cause not yet explained. Had they followed their comrades in this bold charge I do not think a dozen of the whole Yankee command would have escaped being either killed or captured. As it was, we killed 11, wounded 9 too badly to be sent away, besides some 10 or 11 who escaped badly wounded, and sent off 47 prisoners, including 2 captains and 3 lieutenants.

In this charge Lieutenant J. O. Davis, of Company E, was killed while gallantly leading the advance of his company. Lieutenant John O. Lasley, of Company K, had his arm fractured by a rifle-ball, Sergt. Charles Spears, Company C, was killed. Private N. McGhee, Captain Dearing, of Company F, and John Merryman, of Company I, were badly wounded. It is proper to report that Edward, a servant of Private English, Company K, went into the charge, following his master, gun in hand, and shot the notorious Everhart, who was left in Leesburg, badly wounded.

Next day, by order of General Lee, I accompanied Major Noland, commissary, along the Potomac to the neighborhood of Lovettsville, collecting cattle, &amp; c.*

* * * * * * *

I am, major, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Colonel Second Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 196. Reports of Colonel Thomas L. Rosser, Fifth Virginia Cavalry, commanding Lee's brigade, of operations August 28 - 30.

JANUARY 10, 1863.

GENERAL: In compliance with your instructions I have the honor to report that on Thursday, August [28], 1862, I received an order from Major General J. E. B. Stuart to bring up the rear of Major General A. P. Hill's

---------------

* For portion of report here omitted, see Series I, Vol. XIX, Part I, pp. 825 - 828.

---------------

