
division, which I did after destroying one encampment and two pieces of artillery. I then proceeded to Bull Run, where I found General Ewell, who instructed me to proceed to Centreville and report to General A. P. Hill. When I reported to General Hill, after leaving a picket at Blackburn's Ford, I received orders from him to report to General Jackson and to withdraw my pickets after he had been gone two hours, which I did, and marched parallel to the turnpike until I arrived at Groveton, where I learned that the enemy was moving his wagons on a private road to Manassas Junction. I procured a section of artillery from Colonel Bradley [T.] Johnson and attacked them, dispersing their train and turning them back. This I reported to General Jackson, who proceeded to the point where I had attacked the enemy to examine the ground and the nature of the movement, ordering me at the same time to picket well to the front on the turnpike. I soon found that the enemy, being interrupted on this private road, had changed the direction of his march and came immediately down the pike. General Jackson then attacked him on his left flank, and I, holding my regiment on the right, occupied myself in guarding the right and capturing many prisoners of his cavalry and infantry. I encamped on the field.

Next morning I moved around to Gainesville, where, after capturing about forty cavalry, was driven back by the enemy's infantry. Soon after this I received orders from General Stuart to join the column advancing from Hay Market. The remainder, general, you know.

Respectfully,

THOMAS L. ROSSER,

Colonel Fifth Cavalry.

General J. E. B. STUART, Cavalry.

OCTOBER 5, 1862.

GENERAL: On the morning of August 30, my regiment having been considerably reduced by details of one kind or other, the remainder was, in obedience to your order, placed on picket on the extreme right, in the direction of Bristoe, under command of Major [B. B.] Douglas. I, having been placed in command of all the artillery under your command the day previous, still exercised control of it, and near

-----

house occupied by you as your headquarters, with [R. M.] Stribling's and [A. L.] Rogers' batteries I had been firing an occasional shot at the enemy, who threatened the position occupied by General Hood. When the order for the lines to advance was given, the enemy's position on the right being very strong (occupying high, wooded ground), I threw Captains Eshleman (Washington Artillery), Stribling and Rogers on the extreme right of our lines, sending [J. B.] Richardson (Washington Artillery) more to the left to take position near the Chinn house, Stribling sufficiently to the right and front on a portion of the enemy's lines and artillery, whose fire very soon caused them to change their position, then advancing by battery steadily on, when I arrived near the Wheeler house, where I found myself at least half a mile in advance of our lines on my left, thus driving the enemy by this terrible fire of artillery back on Bull Run. Receiving information that the enemy was pressing the cavalry, which was my support on the right, I sent two guns of Captain Eshleman's battery, under command of Lieutenant Joseph Norcom, to its support. Seeing that I had an enfilading and reversed fire, I posted my guns to the best advantage and opened a most terrific fire upon him, which caused

