
him to attempt to carry by a desperate charge my advance battery, which was gallantly met and repulsed by Rogers' canister; but the cavalry being all the time my only support, and my position at this time being very close to the enemy, I drew my batteries up en echelon, and by keeping up the continued fire I soon caused the enemy to seek shelter under cover of the hill, which change in his position very much relieved our infantry.

Darkness had come on. The enemy's sharpshooters were lying just over the hill in a thick undergrowth of pines. To advance my batteries to a thick undergrowth occupied entirely by infantry being perfectly absurd, and being unable to dislodge them even with canister, I was unable to advance farther, after making repeated but fruitless endeavors to get infantry-which, by the way, was at this time near at hand (Armistead's brigade)-to drive them away. The firing all along the lines having ceased, I ordered the captain also the cease firing and move.

I am proud to speak of the gallant conduct of Captain Rogers and his command, who by coolness and determination received the charge of a brigade with a fearful volley of canister, waiting first until the enemy reached the deadly ground of 50 paces. Indeed, the conduct of both officers and men in this desperate struggle entitles them to their country's gratitude.

Early on the following morning, resuming command of my regiment, I withdrew my pickets and went in pursuit of the enemy, and being very soon joined by you, the result you doubtless remember, as you were present and witnessed the conduct of the regiment on overtaking the enemy.

Later in the day, Robertson's brigade having come up, in pursuance of your orders I preceded with a command of my regiment, a detail of 50 men of Robertson's command, and one piece of the Washington Artillery to Manassas, which I found abandoned, save by over 400 stragglers, which I captured, with a large lot of a small-arms, five elegant ambulances, with horses and harness complete, and a quantity of medical stores, all of which were duly turned over to the proper authorities.

After getting all information I could obtain from citizens and from stragglers of Banks' division (who, by the way, had retreated by way of Bristoe and Brentsville, after destroying a large lot of ammunition and stores at the former place), I returned and rejoined my brigade next day.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

THOMAS L. ROSSER.

Major General J. E. B. STUART,

Commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 197. Report of Captain Samuel B. Myers, Seventh Virginia Cavalry, of skirmish at Lewis' Ford.

CAMP, October 25, 1862.

COLONEL: The Seventh Regiment, under my charge on August 30 last, formed third regiment in column (the Twelfth preceding it and the Second being in advance), when the order was given for us to

