
advance toward Centreville from our position on extreme right of infantry that day. We moved about 2 miles in that direction, when command was halted a little to the right of road we started on, and the Second ordered over hill on right of column. The Second being soon engaged with enemy, we were ordered to support it, the Twelfth preceding Seventh Regiment. When head of our regiment came to top of hill on our right the enemy were drawn up in line of battle on an opposite hill about 400 yards distant, their line extending a considerable distance on left, when the Second and Twelfth engaged enemy. I ordered regiment to charge with drawn sabers on their right flank, which the whole command obeyed with the greatest alacrity, charging upon them with shouts that made the very welkin ring and routing entire line on our left, and by dashing on after the retreating foe, and charging another force of them that had formed on our right in a woods about 800 yards from first line, we cut off a large number of them on our right, a portion of whom the Seventh captured and the others the Second and Twelfth. After breaking, the enemy formed in woods. We pursued them about three-quarters of a mile beyond Bull Run, when we were ordered back. On the opposite bluff of Bull Run a portion of them, with a small piece of artillery, had formed again; they fired one round of grape, after which they all broke again, and made no other stand.

We captured some 40 prisoners below Bull Run. The whole command did their duty nobly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. B. MYERS,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel MUNFORD,

Commanding Robertson's Brigade.

Numbers 198. Report of Colonel A. W. Harman, Twelfth Virginia Cavalry, of skirmish at Lewis' Ford.

OCTOBER 6, 1862.

COLONEL: At Manassas, on August 30, about 4 p. m., I was ordered, with six companies of my regiment (A, C, D, E, F, and H), to support the Second Virginia Cavalry. I found the enemy occupying the hill to the right of the Lewis house, with the First [West] Virginia Cavalry, supported by a New York and the First Michigan Cavalry, drawn up about 200 yards in their rear. I charged the regiment on the hill and drove them back on their support, which were in quick succession broken and driven back in complete disorder. I pursued them over the run and as far as the pike near the stone bridge, capturing many prisoners, among them Colonel Brodhead and Major Atwood, of the First Michigan Cavalry, the former severely wounded.

My loss was 6 men wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. W. HARMAN,

Colonel Twelfth Virginia Cavalry.

Colonel T. T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Robertson's Brigade.

