
Numbers 199. Report of Major Samuel H. Hariston, of scout to Warrenton, August 29.

GAINESVILLE, VA.,

August 29, 1862 - 8 p. m.

COLONEL: In obedience with General Lee's order I started this morning at 8 o'clock with 150 cavalry to go to Warrenton "to find out if any of the enemy's forces were still in the vicinity of that place." I went from Thoroughfare to the right and a by-road which took me into the Winchester road 2 miles below Warrenton, and came up to the rear of the town. I inquired of the citizens and persons I met on the way, but could not hear that any of their forces were in the vicinity of that place. They informed me that the last left yesterday morning in the direction of Gainesville and Warrenton Junction. We picket up on the way 46 prisoners, 30 muskets and rifles, 1 deserter from Stuart Horse Artillery, one sutler, with his wagon and driver. I also paroled two lieutenants in Warrenton who were too sick to travel. What shall I do with the prisoners?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. H. HAIRSTON,

Major, Commanding, by order of General Lee.

Colonel CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S. - This was made up of men from every regiment in your command, with one entire company, headed by the captain, that General Lee had halted at Thoroughfare and turned over to met when he ordered me to go on the expedition.

Numbers 200. Reports of Major John Pelham, Stuart Horse Artillery, of operations August 28-29.

NEAR FREDERICKSBURG, VA.,

June 10, 1863.

In compliance with your wishes I submit the following memoranda of the part taken by my battery in the battle of Groveton Hieghts:

By your orders I left Centreville on Thursday, August 28, 1862, in rear of General Jackson's corps. I marched without interruption until I had crossed Bull Run at Lewis' Ford, when a small party of the enemy's cavalry appeared in my rear. I detached Lieutenant Breathed, with one piece, as a rear guard, and moved on with the rest of my battery. A few well-directed shots from Breathed's gun drove the enemy off. I moved up the Warrenton pike, and when near the Jim Robinson house I overtook the rear of General A. P. Hill's division, which had just left the turnpike and was moving along a by-road to the right. I moved to the right of this division and passed it. I moved on and parked my battery in a field where General Jackson had ordered all his artillery to await orders.

Just before night orders came for twenty pieces to move rapidly to

48 R R - VOL XII, PT II

