
AUGUST 22-SEPTEMBER 19, 1862.-Jenkins' Expedition in West Virginia and Ohio.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

August 30, 1862.-Skirmish at Buckhannon, W. Va.

31, 1862.-Capture of Weston, W. Va.

September 1, 1862.-Skirmish at Glenville, W. Va.

2, 1862.-Surrender at Spencer Court-House, W. Va.

4, 1862.-Riad into Ohio.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General A. G. Jenkins, C. S. Army, commanding expedition. Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Jacob D. Cox, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Virginia of surrender at Spencer Court-House.

Numbers 4.-Colonel J. A. J. Lightburn, Fourth West Virginia Infantry, commanding District of the Kanawha.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William W. Loring, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Western Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WESTERN VIRGINIA,Charleston, W. Va., September 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that about the 22nd ultimo I formed the plan of invading Trans-Alleghany Virginia, and preliminary to my own movement sent General Jenkins with my disposable cavalry, about 550 in number, with directions to sweep around to the northwest, destroying the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in his course, if possible, and to make his appearance about the 8th instant on the rear of the enemy in the Kanawha Valley. This plan, with the exception of the destruction of the railroad, for achieving which the time proposed was too brief, that brilliant and enterprising general executed with such success that in his march of 500 miles, accomplished in the time required and mostly within the lines of the enemy, he captured and paroled near 300 prisoners of war; killed, wounded, and dispersed about 1,000 of the enemy; reclaimed to the Government about 40,000 square miles, then in the possession of the enemy, destroying many garrisons of home guards and the records of the Wheeling and Federal Governments in many counties, and, after arming his command completely with captured arms, destroyed at least 5,000 stand of small arms, one piece of cannon, and immense stores, which he was unable to bring away. Crossing the Ohio River twice and prosecuting at least 20 miles of his march through the State of Ohio, he exhibited, as the did elsewhere in his march, a policy of such clemency as won us many friends, and tended greatly to mitigate the ferocity which had characterized the war in this section. His timely arrival in the enemy's rear effectually weakened the obstinacy of his stand and facilitated my march with the main column into the country. The whole of General Jenkins' march was too full of incident and adventure and of successes, repeated daily, to be made the subject of mere special remark; but his conduct and that

