
was soon routed. He made no further stand, but fled in every direction. As soon as the obstructions could be removed which had been placed in the road I ordered Captain Preston to charge, which he did, capturing several fugitives beyond the town. I regret to have to state that in the brief engagement Lieutenant-Colonel [A. F.] Cook, of the Eighth Virginia Cavalry, was seriously, though not mortally, wounded, the ball passing through the inside of the thigh, but not touching the bone. We lost none killed and only 3 others wounded. The enemy's loss was 12 or 15 killed and wounded and about 20 prisoners, including Captain Marsh, the commanding officer. I could not ascertain precisely his whole force engaged, but it was stated by Captain Marsh to have been 200. The citizens of the place, however, estimated at a much higher figure.

On taking possession of the town I found an immense supply of commissary and other stores, besides 5,000 stand of arms, and vast supplies of ordnance stores, clothing, &amp;c. Many of my command were poorly armed, and all were at once supplied with Enfield and Harper's Ferry rifles, except a single company, which I permitted to keep its shot-guns for the purpose of heading a charge. We then commenced the work of destruction, at which the whole command labored assiduously until midnight, when, having destroyed everything of value, we took up our line of march for Weston, the county seat of Lewis County. I forgot to say that before leaving we disabled a beautiful brass 6-pounder, which we had captured and could not conveniently take with us.

We reached Weston at daylight the next morning [August 31] and surrounded the place, but a dense fog suddenly arising, the enemy, of whom there were six companies, mostly escaped. We captured about a dozen prisoners, and remained there during the rest of the day resting the men and horses.

In the evening, after destroying all United States property, telegraph office, &c., we took up our line of march for Glenville, in Gilmer County. We encamped about midnight, and resuming our march early next morning, approached within sight of Glenville about 11 o'clock next day. Here the enemy, consisting of two companies, fled after a single fire. Resting for the remainder of the day at Glenville, we started at sunset for Spencer, the county seat of Roane. After encamping and resting for a few hours after midnight we again resumed our march, and about 4 p. m. [September 2] reached Spencer, surprising and capturing Colonel Rathbone and his entire command, consisting of five companies of infantry [Eleventh West Virginia]. Here, also, we got some fine arms, which we were compelled to destroy.

We remained at this point until the next morning, when, having paroled all of our prisoners, as we had previously done, we moved on to Ripley, in Jackson County, a point only 12 miles from the Ohio River. We reached Ripley that evening, but found no enemy save a solitary paymaster, whom we relieved of United States funds to the amount of $5,525.

Next morning we moved to Ravenswood, on the Ohio River. The enemy, comprising near 200, fled across the Ohio on our approach. We rested most of the day at Ravenswood, and about an hour before sunset I crossed the Ohio with the larger portion into the State of Ohio, losing one man by being drowned. The ford was deep and the State of Ohio, losing one man by being drowned. The ford was deep and the bar upon which we were completed to cross narrow, and a number of the horses got into swimming water, but no other loss occurred except the one referred to. Mr. Burdett, of Ravenswood, and formerly a steamboat

