
sand bar, and keeping upon its crest passed over, followed by the whole command, in safety. I entertained at the time, as I do now, the suspicion that it was the deliberate intention of the Yankee citizen to drown as many of the command as possible. Proceeding a few miles we encamped for the night, and on the afternoon of the next day made a junction with the rest of our forces 6 miles from Point Pleasant. The enemy was in force superior to my own, but his troops were green, and I felt confident I could drive him from the field; but I knew that seeking shelter, as he would, in the large court-house and other solid edifices in which the country abounds, I could not dislodge him from these without artillery. Unfortunately I had none, having found the brass 6-pounder too heavy for transportation over the roads and having sent back the small mountain piece with which I started from the point where I started across Rich Mountain. I make a demonstration upon Point Pleasant by sending a small body to drive in his pickets, and then proceeded with my main body toward Buffalo, a small town situated on the Kanawha 20 miles above its mouth. On arriving near it we encamped for the night and occupied it next morning, and remaining there until 1 o'clock that night crossed the Kanawha River by fording, and the next day struck the Ohio River 25 miles below Point Pleasant. Here we remained a day and night resting the men and horses. On the succeeding day we returned inland to Barboursville, in Cabell County, and remained in the vicinity two days, always being within one day's march of the Kanawha River, intending, if I should hear of General Loring's advance into the upper end of the Kanawha Valley, to fall again immediately in the enemy's rear; but it not having been entirely certain when we left General Loring's camp in Monroe County that he would advance to the Kanawha Valley, and being able at this time to hear of no forward movement on his part, and having some 300 unarmed recruits whom it was exceedingly desirable to convey within our lines, I determined to proceed to Logan Court-House for that purpose. On arriving there and still hearing nothing of General Loring's advance I moved the command to Wyoming Court-House. On arriving there in the evening and hearing a rumor that General Loring had crossed Pack's Ferry for an advance upon the Kanawha, I left my command and pressed on the same evening with an escort to Raleigh Court-House, a distance of 35 miles, where I learned that General Loring had certainly passed and attacked the enemy at Fayetteville, a point distant 8 miles from the month of Gauley. After resting briefly I returned and met my command at the marshes of Coal River, and then proceeded by forced marches down Coal River, intending to fall into the rear of the enemy about the mouth of Coal River; but the rigor with which he was pressed by General Loring so accelerated the enemy's flight that it was impracticable, and on learning that the enemy had turned off at a point 2 miles below Charleston and taken the road to Ravenswood I abandoned the attempt to get in his rear, and proceeded by the Lee's Creek road to the point where this report is written.

I am, colonel,very respectfully, your, &amp;c.,

A. G. JENKINS,

Brigadier-General of Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel H. H. FITZHUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

