
Question. What time does it take the cars to run up from Harper's Ferry to Winchester?

Answer. They were very slow, indeed, when we were there. I do not recollect the time. I know I was delayed for several hours at times.

Question. Do you know whether, in fact, any trains of cars were ordered up from Harper's Ferry to Winchester by General White, after he received this order?

Answer. I do not know whether they were ordered up or not. I know there were some trains there. I know a train went down the night we retreated from Winchester. As to the order, I do not know.

Question. You have no personal knowledge at all as to the disposition made of the public property, other than the explosions you heard?

Answer. I did not see anything burned, except the conflagrations. I did not see the guns, or anything line that.

Question. Were there any circumstances at that time requiring that the evacuation should be a precipitate one?

Answer. I know nothing about that, except what our scouts were reporting. Some of the scouts used by General White were of my own regiment, and when they came back to my regiment they were in the habit of telling me some things. They reported a force-I have forgotten under what general; I think under General Longstreet-going toward Snicker's Gap, and reported some cavalry force in the neighborhood.

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you recollect, or not, in the conversation you had with me, my saying anything about, perhaps, not leaving until the next day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Had that any relation to getting the trains up from Harper's Ferry?

Answer. Yes, sir. My answer to the former question, by the judge-advocate, was in regard to my knowledge of the train being there. I recollect that conversation. I remember distinctly that you did not give it out as positive that you were to leave that day. You were waiting this telegraphic dispatch, and that would control your action.

Question. Did you consider the movement from Winchester a precipitate one, or one that was made in a confused or disorderly manner in any respect?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Or was it done systematically, with the wagons and transportation loaded to their utmost capacity?

Answer. We moved off very quietly. Everything was loaded up and taken care of. Some of my transportation was sent down to the car that was loading, and a guard of four companies was placed around the baggage, and the transportation was then brought back, and my traps were brought on afterward. Everything was cool, and deliberate, and quiet; no excitement.

Question. Did you discover, in your personal interview with myself, that there was any excitement on my part, or about headquarters?

Answer. Not at all. I can give the exact words, which I had not wanted to give. I went to headquarters for the purpose of ascertaining the facts, being exercises upon the subject. I should think it was a half an hour before the subject was alluded to. When General White mentioned it to me, I made a reply to him for which I afterward apologized. When he mentioned it to me, I was resting myself down this way [indicating]. He said he was ordered to leave Winchester. I replied to him that he was damned cool about it. Afterward I apologized for the rough remark. I recollect that distinctly.

