
By General WHITE:

Question. Do you know whether the truck that was used for bringing up those guns was broken or sound?

Answer. I do not know; they could not be moved unless that was there; was moved the guns on the truck from the depot.

Question. Was it several days' time from the time Captain Powell commenced with Captain Rigby, and then with you, before these guns were got into the works there?

Answer. I think they commanded one day-I do not know what time of day-and Captain Rigby worked until that evening. I went down during the night; we brought up everything during that night; they were not all taken in the fort; they were brought up to the entrance.

Question. Not put into position then?

Answer. No, sir. I think not.

Question. They were landed on top of the hill?

Answer. Yes, sir; that is what I am speaking of.

Question. Do you know of there being frequent, almost daily, picket firing, and skirmishing with the enemy there for some time?

Answer. Yes, sir; I am aware of that.

Question. Were there enough of the enemy in the immediate neighborhood to take possession of any stores left there, if we left any there?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think so; our people were continually annoyed by some force of the enemy. I do not know what they amounted to; there was continual firing there.

Question. Do you not think we could have held Winchester against 15,000 or 20,000 men?

Answer. I think we could have held the position against that number of men. I regarded it as a very good position.

Question. When you say you think those heavy guns could have been removed within twelve or fifteen hours, do you mean that they could have been removed and loaded on the cars in that time?

Answer. They could have been taken down. I do not know as they could have been loaded on the cars in twelve hours. I think, however, they could have been loaded in fifteen hours, or something of that kind, with the amount of force we had.

Major S. M. HEWITT, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. What is your position in the service?

Answer. I am major of the Thirty-second Ohio Volunteers.

Question. Were you at Winchester at the time of the evacuation of that post?

Answer. I was.

Question. Did you leave with the troops?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you be good enough to site to the court the character of that movement, as to its having been done in good or bad order, sixth due deliberation, or with precipitancy, as the case my be; your general impression of it, as to whether it was such as should have been executed or otherwise?

