
Answer. I received an order to have the Thirty-second Regiment in readiness for marching at 8 o'clock on the 2nd of September. I made the necessary preparations; moved out at the time

-----

By the COURT:

Question. It is not necessary for you to tell what you did, but what you observed there.

Answer. I observed nothing that was disorderly.

Question. That is, whether it was a hurried movement or whether it was deliberate, and everything done that could be done?

Answer. It was done with due deliberation, I think.

By General WHITE:

Question. Were all the means of transportation, so far as you could see, properly and fully made use of?

Answer. They were.

Question. Was the column formed on the turnpike in order and deliberately, and moved off without confusion?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Had you knowledge, from personal encounter with the enemy on one or more occasions, and from visiting pickets, of the presence of the enemy constantly there for some weeks?

Answer. I had knowledge that the enemy were near us there, but, as to the amount of force, I had no knowledge of that.

Question. Do you suppose they were in sufficient force to have occupied the town after we evacuated it, and seized any stores that might have been left there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Your position in the service did not enable you to know the amount of public stores which were destroyed there?

Answer. I have no knowledge of that.

Question. The evacuation commenced at what hour in the night?

Answer. At 8 o'clock.

By General WHITE:

Question. That is the movement out on the road you refer to?

Answer. Out on the road, yes, sir.

By he JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. From the hour in the morning at which the order to evacuate was represented to have been received up to the departure of the train for Harper's Ferry, was there not time for those siege guns to have been got on the cars?

Answer. The first knowledge I had of the intention to move, or the order to move was as late as 5 o'clock in the evening. I was engaged in a court-martial at that time, and Colonel Ford was out of health, and I was in command of the regiment. I received an order, a written order, to have my regiment ready at such a time, and the order of march was fixed in that order. I think it was about 5 o'clock when I received this notice.

Question. You do not know the hour at which the order to evacuate was received?

Answer. No, sir; I do not. At 8 o'clock in the evening we were ready to move,

