
Question. Was all the wagon transportation, the post transportation, used in the removal of property?

Answer. All the post transportation I had I sent out to camp to remove such public property out there as the limited means I had would permit.

Question. Just state, generally, what your judgement was in relation to the evacuation, of the order to evacuate-whether all the means that could have been reasonably procured for the transportation of public property were procured and used, and whether it was done deliberately and systematically, or otherwise.

Answer. So far as that was concerned, I received my orders, as I say, about 3 o'clock, and I provided, with the assistance of the agent of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, all the transportation which it was in the power of the railroad to furnish. I furnished all I could myself in the was of wagons of every description, and had my property loaded without any great haste and quietly, so much so that the citizens of Winchester were not aware of what was going on. I had all the transportation by 8 o'clock in the evening. My cars were all loaded, and everything was ready. I had 125 horses that I did not remove until about 9 o'clock that night. I sent them out of town, waiting for the movement of the army, whenever it should take place. I remained at the post for four hours, I think, three hours and a half after I was ready to leave. My orders from General White were to prepare myself to evacuate the post and to await further orders; I waited until nearly 12 o'clock.

Question. Wait a moment. Do you recollect any reason I gave you for not moving the train immediately?

Answer. The reason was that you possibly might not leave that night; as I supposed, you were waiting further orders in regard to the movement.

Question. Were my orders to you-to make it all plain, and explicit, and full to the court-were my orders to you delivered in person, and, if so, were they or not directly you to procure every means of transportation that could be had on that railroad, and every other means that could be had or that could be employed by your department, to remove all the public property that it was possible to remove?

Answer. Your orders to me were to report to you in person, which I did at the time I mentioned before, 3 o'clock. You gave me your orders in person to procure all the transportation in my power, and you inquired of me what I could furnish. I believe I stated to you what transportation I had at my command. You then suggested to me to see the agent of the railroad and confer with him, and to obtain all the transportation that was possible to be obtained from him, and I think you inquired of me if it was possible to obtain any cars from Harper's Ferry; I told you I did not know whether I could or not. I, of course, immediately afterward went to the city, and conferred with the railroad agent and ascertained the facts that I have heretofore mentioned.

Question. Did you think there was any disposition on my part to disregard the public interests in the removal of property, or was it otherwise?

Answer. No, sir; I think you were very anxious to save all the property there that could be saved.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you any knowledge of the value of the property which was destroyed there?

Answer. I have not. I know the amount of property that was sacrificed in my department. But there was considerable commissary stores that were destroyed. I have no idea of their amount.

Question. What amount in your department was destroyed?

Answer. I lost at camp some 70,000 pounds of oats, and about 50,000 pounds of hay, that was sent out there as a reserve, in case of a siege. I had property in town which I removed.

