
By General WHITE:

Question. Was all the property saved in your department in town?

Answer. All the property in the city at the post was saved.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did you destroy that property in camp, or did you leave it?

Answer. It was not destroyed until after I left.

Question. Was it destroyed by the United States troops?

Answer. It was destroyed, I presume, by orders of General White. I inquired of him, before I left, what disposition I should make of this property at camp, as I had no means of transportation for it. All the transportation the railroad furnished just barely saved my property in town; so much so that was were obliged to leave one car off before we could get started. The general said that, as to the property in camp, that was under his protection, and he would attend to that himself. I understood from him that he should leave orders to destroy all the property that they could not take away. At that time we could not tell what amount of wagons we had out at camp, whether they could remove all this property or not; what was left would be destroyed.

Question. Within what time did you state that the train could have returned from Harper's Ferry?

Answer. I do not think it could have returned before the next day at 2 or 3 o'clock.

Question. Do you know whether there were any cars down at Harper's Ferry that could have been ordered up by telegraph?

Answer. I do not know whether there were or not.

By General WHITE:

Question. Did the agent tell you there were none there?

Answer. I cannot say certain that he did. He said it was impossible to furnish any there, because there was no transportation there.

By the COURT:

Question. State, if you know, the reason why they could not send the cars from the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad at Harper' Ferry.

Answer. They had no engines. That is what the agent stated to me.

Question. Do you, or do you not, know whether that road is not a much lighter road in its structure than the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Are not the sills that cross the various ravines very slight, and such as will not bear heavy weights?

Answer. I believe that is the fact.

Question. Will, or will not, the locomotives of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad run over the road from Harper's Ferry to Winchester?

Answer. I am not sure. I do not know whether they will or not, because the Winchester road is a fault rail.

Question. On account of their weight, the road will not carry them. I want to know if you know that fact?

Answer. I do not know that fact; I supposed that the Winchester railroad had their own locomotives, and that they were adapted for the flat rail We lost one locomotive only a few days before. There is one correction I would like to make in my testimony, as it may conflict with my report to the Department, when I say I saved all the public property at Winchester. I left behind eight crippled and disabled horses, which it was impossible to take away; that I have already reported to the Department; they were horses that could not walk or move, and they were completely worn out, used up; just before the evacuation I was preparing my statement to the Department to have them condemned.

