
Question. Do you remember of my proposing, if I got a favorable answer, not to leave until the next day?

Answer. I do remember that distinctly.

Question. Can you tell, from recollection, about the time of day that the order for evacuation arrived?

Answer. I received it about 1 o'clock in the afternoon.

Question. Your are positive no answer was received to that message I sent to General Halleck after receiving that?

Answer. I am positive that there was no answer received at Winchester; none received by me; I have seen no answer to it.

GEORGE J. LAWRENCE, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. Will you state, if you please, your occupation?

Answer. Telegraph operator.

Question. In the employ of the Government?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you employed in that capacity at Harper's Ferry at the time of the evacuation of Winchester by the troops under my command?

Answer. I was.

Question. Do you recollect, on the next day of my arrival there with my command, handing me a dispatch in the street?

Answer. I cannot say positively as to handing it to you in person: I cannot say whether I did or not; I cannot say positively.

Question. Do you know there was a dispatch there received for me that you were not able to transmit to Winchester on account of the officer having been vacated there?

Answer. I do.

Question. Is there a copy of that dispatch there received for me that you were not able to transmit to Winchester on account of the office having been vacated there?

Answer. I do.

Question. Is there a copy of that dispatch in existence at your office?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you think you could identify it-the substance of it-if you saw it?

Answer. I think I could.

Question. Look at this, if you please, and see if you think it is the one.

[The following copy of a dispatch was handed to witness, and read by him.*]

* * * * * * *

Answer. Yes, sir; that was received there.

Question. Are you confident that that dispatch, or one of the substance of that, was detained at Harper's Ferry because it could not be transmitted to Winchester?

Answer. Yes, sir, I am; and it was in waiting for you.

---------------

*See dispatch from Halleck of September 2, on p. 768.

---------------

