
Question. You do not recollect distinctly that you handed it to me in person?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you recollect the reason why there was an interruption of the line between Harper's Ferry and Washington at that time-this was the 2nd of September-and whether the dispatches had to go by way of Wheeling or otherwise, as the case may be?

Answer. I think that dispatch came direct from Washington. There was an into eruption of the line previous to this, but I think that was some trouble near Poolesville; what occasioned it, I cannot remember.

Question. Previous to the reception of this, there had been interruption?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know whether the line at that time had been cut by the enemy, or what was the occasion of it?

Answer. I think it was in consequence of the enemy shelling Poolesville. I had some conversation with the operator at Poolesville, and he told me they had been shelling them.

Colonel WILLIAM H. TRIMBLE, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. State, if you please, your position in the military service of the United States.

Answer. Colonel of the Sixtieth Ohio Volunteers Infantry.

Question. Was your regiment, and were you personally, at Winchester at the time of the evacuation of that place, on the 2nd of September?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State, if you please, to the court, whether the movement from that place was, in your judgment, orderly or disorderly; whether all the transportation, so far as you know of it, was fully used; and, generally, whether the movement was conducted as such a movement ought to be, so far as you know, so far as it came under your observation.

Answer. I know positively, so far as my own regiment is concerned, that the movement was in perfect order, and I saw nothing in regard to any other portions of the force that was either precipitate or disorderly. The transportation of my regiment was used. There were two of my regimental wagons that were ordered over by the assistant adjutant-general to General White, for the use of the brigade. They did not return before my regiment left, and I had no anticipation of their return. There were some wall-tents that had been in use a great while, that were scarcely worth carrying away, that were left, and lights were left in those tents, according to your orders.

Question. In your judgment, was every effort made and disposition manifested to save the public property, so far as it could possibly be done with the transportation we had; was that your observation?

Answer. That was my impression as to the conduct of the commanding general; that he was desirous to get away everything he could; but having been ordered to move out first of the brigade, and take my position on the Martinsburg turnpike, I had very little opportunity, after moving out from my own camp, which was disconnected with the balance of the force, to know what took place.

Question. You have been with me at Winchester, Harper's Ferry, &amp;c. I will just ask you one question. Have you ever seen me excited on duty, in any way improperly, I mean?

