
Answer. No, sir, I have not. I saw you that Sunday evening at Harper's Ferry, when you came out to assist me-very quick, active, energetic, and decisive. I can state, generally, that I have found General White a very vigilant, energetic officer. I never saw anything to produce the impression that he was nervous or easily alarmed. Like all energetic men, General White's manner is quick, and prompt, and decisive.

Question. I will ask you if you remember any conversation with me-I do not know that there was; I know that I had with several officers-I will ask you if you remember any conversation with me on the afternoon or evening of the day of the evacuation of Winchester, in which I suggested to you that I might receive orders that would enable me to remain until the next day.

Answer. You instructed me, with other officers, to prepare our commands for a move in the event of our receiving orders; that you might receive some advices that would render it unnecessary to move. I think that is you very language.

Question. That is, to move that night?

Answer. Yes, sir. I think your language was to prepare our command, according to your instructions, to be ready to move if we received orders; that you might receive advices or instructions that would render it unnecessary to move that night. At the same time you instructed me to have the forces at work upon the fortifications in my camp turned back to their work, as having been improperly dismissed from their work by Captain Powell, which I attended to immediately.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Have you any knowledge of any public property that was destroyed, its character or value?

Answer. No sir; I had no opportunity to know. I was engaged constantly, after I had returned from my short absence, upon a general court-martial, and my attention was so confined that I had no opportunity of knowing anything about that.

The further consideration of this case was postponed for the present.

* * * * * * *

The Commission subsequently adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., October 21, 1862.

The Commission met pursuant to adjournment.

* * * * * * *

The Commission then resumed the investigation in relation to the evacuation of Winchester by General White, and proceeded to the examination of witnesses.

Major A. W. CORLISS, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. Will you state your position in the military service?

Answer. At present?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. I am in command of the Second Regiment Rhode Island Cavalry, a new regiment, just raised.

Question. Were you at Winchester at the time of the evacuation of that place, and for some time previous?

Answer. I was.

Question. In what capacity?

Answer. I was there as major commanding a squadron of Rhode Island cavalry, three months' cavalry.

