
Question. Did the movement have any appearance of improper haste?

Answer. Not at all.

Question. Was it deliberate?

Answer. Perfectly deliberate. I was in command of the body that left town last, and there was no haste then. I would have been perfectly willing to have staid there until morning.

Question. Aside from the duty required of the cavalry that was there, was not there a constant use for nearly the entire cavalry force, so far as it was suitably mounted for picket duty?

Answer. Yes, sir. My detail for picket duty each day was 58 men and officers, which was fully one-third of the men I had.

Question. Did you not know, from your almost daily patrolling of the region round about, that there was a sufficient force of the enemy there to have seized and appropriated any stores that might have been left? Whole they not have immediately taken possession of them?

Answer. Certainly; there were guerrilla parties enough about there to have taken possession of and destroyed anything that had been left there, unless it had been strongly guarded; enough of them besides the regular cavalry and infantry prowling about.

Question. Was it not well known that the Twelfth Virginia Cavalry was in our immediate vicinity there for at least a week or ten days prior to the evacuation?

Answer. I never heard the number of the regiment. I know there was a regiment about there.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Do you know anything as to the quantity of Government stores that were destroyed there?

Answer. No, sir; I do not.

Captain HENRY CURTINS, Jr., recalled by General White, and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. Do you know of an application made by me by telegraph to General Pope for an addition to our mounted force at Winchester? And, if so, state what his reply was.

Answer. I do recollect such an application. The reply was that he had not it himself, and he did not like to ask General Wool for that at Martinsburg.

Question. This was in reply to a dispatch from me asking him to let me have the Twelfth Illinois Cavalry, then at Martinsburg?

Answer. Yes, sir; as near as I can recollect, it was asking for cavalry, and he could spare none.

Major CHARLES H. RUSSELL, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. State your position in the service, if you please.

Answer. I was captain at Winchester, commanding Companies H and I, First Maryland Cavalry.

Question. At the time of, and for some time previous to, the evacuation of Winchester, what was the condition of your horses?

Answer. The horses had been very much used up by previous hard service-hard

