
Question. Did you hear anything of a large force of the enemy moving on Winchester at or about that time?

Answer. I heard of about 1,300 that had struck off from Staunton, and they were to be joined by some 500 guerrillas that were lagging back, and which had formed themselves into companies. I guess I reported that to you. It was a rumor. I did not see them, but that was what I got as being the fact. They intended to attack Winchester on the west side, coming out on the Pughtown road.

Lieutenant ADAM CARNES, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. To what regiment do you belong?

Answer. I belong to the Thirty-second Ohio.

Question. What is your rank?

Answer. Second lieutenant.

Question. Were you with the regiment at Winchester at the time of the evacuation of that post?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. On what duty had you been there for some time prior to that?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State, if you please, whether there was a greater or less force of the enemy constantly present about that town, close about it.

Answer. I think the day we left Winchester I returned from Front Royal, Luray Valley. I had been up to Manassas Gap. The understanding then was that there was a force coming up Luray Valley.

Question. I mean immediately about Winchester. Was there constantly a force of cavalry about there?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was it in sufficient numbers to have taken possession of the town and any stores that we might have left there at the time of the evacuation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know whether they did so, or not, after we left?

Answer. According to the best information I have got, they were in there about the time we were out.

Question. You have been in the service how long?

Answer. I think somewhere near sixteen months.

Question. Have you been in a number of engagements, retreats, and marches?

Answer. That had been our business pretty much all the time, one or the other.

Question. Will you state, if you have an opinion, whether the evacuation of Winchester was conducted in a proper manner or an improper one, whether it was orderly or disorderly?

Answer. I saw no disorder in the evacuation.

