
Question. How were they mounted?

Answer. On barrette carriages, with traverse platforms.

Question. Had you any means of knowing, and, if so, what was your knowledge in relation to the employment of transportation? Was all the transportation used that could be procured, and loaded to its utmost capacity, either by rail or otherwise?

Answer. Yes, sir. After you had received a dispatch from Colonel Miles (I think it was that he had sent you, if my memory does not deceive me, three cars, consisting of either two burden cars and one passenger car, or two passenger cars and one burden car), I made the remark that there were not sufficient cars to carry away either the guns or what stores we had there, and I was advised by you to go down to the railroad quietly, and see how many cars could be obtained there. I went down and made this inquiry, and found out tht we could get some two or three additional cars, and that was all that could be obtained there.

Question. Until the train could run down and back?

Answer. Yes, sir; that was all that could be obtained there; in fact, it seemed to be the tenor of the dispatches that no other cars could be had until we run the train down and back again.

Question. You have stated that you placed those guns in position. Here is the dispatch which you probably allude to. I will read it:
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 2, 1862.

Brigadier General JULIUS WHITE, Winchester, Va.:

You will immediately abandon the fortifications at Winchester, sending the heavy guns under escort by rail to Harper's Ferry. I this cannot be done, they should be rendered unserviceable. Having sent off your artillery, you will withdraw you whole force to Harper's Ferry.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Now, under that order, I wish you, as an engineer, to state, first, whether those guns could have been taken away within the time contemplated by such an order as that, even if we had the means of transporting them; and, secondly, whether we did have those means.

Answer. We could not have got the guns down to the railroad depot with the means we had, with all the advantages we could have made use of, before the next morning. It would have required the whole day to have got them down there, and I doubt very much whether we could have got them down in that time, because the truck we had had already broken down, and, though we had repaired it, it would, very likely, have broken down again going down the hill.

Question. Do you recollect my ordering you to defer dismantling those guns until I could probably get an answer to my dispatch, in the hope of saving them?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you detailed by me for the purpose of destroying what public property should be left there?

Answer. Yes, sir. When we don't that we had not transportation enough for the guns and all the stores in the time in which we had to leave, I was ordered by you to destroy those guns; that is, render them unserviceable, and what other stores remained there. You told me that the cavalry, when they came back from an expedition they had been sent upon, should be made use of me, and that I could have the infantry pickets brought in. And then you left a company of the Ninth Virginia as a guard, which I kept in the fort until all the wagon were loaded with ammunition and sent to the train, and I sent them with them as a guard. The men detailed to the 32-pounder barrette guns I used for the purpose of getting the ammunition out of the magazine.

Question. Was all the ammunition taken away that could possibly be conveyed away?

