
1. Men should be selected to guide the wagons to the troops to be supplied, to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, aide-de-camp, at these headquarters.

2. A report of the amount and kind of ammunition required in your command should be made to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith.

3. Empty wagons should be collected and sent to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Smith.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 86. CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Centreville, August 31, 1862.

Commanding officers of army corps will send back to Alexandria all wagons appertaining to their trains, except those absolutely necessary to haul subsistence stores and ammunition from Fairfax Court-House to his place for their respective corps. This movement will be under charge of Colonel Clary, chief quartermaster Army of Virginia.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 87. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Centreville, August 31, 1862-10.45 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

Our troops are all here in position, though much used-up and worn-out. I think it would perhaps have been greatly better if Summer and Franklin had been here three or four days ago; but you may rely on our giving them as desperate a fight as I can force our men to stand up to.

I should like to know whether you feel secure about Washington should this army be destroyed. I shell fight it as long as a man will stand up to the work. You must judge what is to be done, having in view the safety of the capital.

The enemy is already pushing a cavalry reconnaissance in our front at Cub Run-whether in advance of an attack to-day I do not yet know. I send you this that you may know our position and my purpo- se.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 88. SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

No.-. Centreville, August 31, 1862.

Carroll's brigade, of Rickett's division, will proceed at once to Fairfax Station, and take post as a guard for commissary stores at that point. The commanding officer of these troops will report upon his arrival at Fairfax Station to Colonel E. G. Beckwith, chief commissary Army of Virginia.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

