
The orders of General White to me were to blow up the magazine about 2 or 3 o'clock. Then, when he left there, as there had been some delay, he told me I [had] better put if off later. Captain Mallory went down to the railroad depot, when I thought all the stores had been hauled away. I did not [think] there was any there, and I was down there to give instructions not to allow the train to go out of town until we got everything on board-some sick soldiers, and one thing and another-and, when the train was about ready to start, he set fire to the stores in the commissary buildings. That was about 1.30 o'clock, I should think. The fire from those stores made such a brilliant light that all our movements could be seen on the heights. We knew the rebels were in town, an had gone our for re-enforcements, and we expected an attack, and I could do nothing better than to explode the magazine previous to the hour fixed upon. I do not think the enemy obtained $500 worth of property serviceable to them, if that, as nearly everything was piled up and burned that could not be carried off.

Captain WILLIAM L. MALLORY, called by General White, and sworn and examined as follows:

By General WHITE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. I am a commissary of subsistence, with the rank of captain.

Question. Were you on duty at Winchester at the time of the evacuation of that post in September last; and, if so, in what capacity?

Answer. I was on duty in the capacity of brigade commissary.

By the COURT:

Question. You were chief commissary there?

Answer. I was.

By General WHITE:

Question. You were present and cognizant generally of what took place at the evacuation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you recollect, when you were made aware by myself of the contemplated movement, of suggesting to me that there was not transportation enough for all the property? If you do remember such conversation, state, if you please, what remarks were made by myself.

Answer. I do not remember having suggested that myself, but it was suggested by you, I think; at least, the thing was discussed and understood between us that there was not transportation sufficient to take away all the property that was there. And, with reference to my own stores, it was understood between us that there was not transportation for the commissary stores. I do not remember suggesting it.

Question. What I wished to get at was this, whether you recollect the remark of myself, that as subsistence stores were the least valuable, the transportation must first be used for the quartermaster and ordnance stores.

Answer. Yes, sir; in a general conversation, you stated that, the subsistence stores being the least valuable, they would have be sacrificed, if anything was.

Question. Was not a portion of the subsistence then on hand unfit for use, and had any portion of it been condemned?

Answer. Yes, sir; 20,000 pounds of bacon had been condemned, and a small quantity of hard bread.

Question. About how much?

Answer. I think about 1,200 pounds would be a fair estimate for the hard bread.

Question. About how much in dollars and cents was the value of the subsistence stores that were destroyed there? Have you any accurate, or nearly accurate, estimate of its value? If so, state what it is.

