
Answer. I recollect making a report to you at Martinsburg that we had 120,000 rations there; the rations were not all complete. The rations in the main fort consisted mainly of hard bread and meat, and some small stores; I do not recollect now what they were. I should say that the 120,000 rations, at a fair estimate, might be put down as 100,000 full rations, and, giving the value of the rations as 14 cents, that would make $14,000. I believe 14 cents was the estimate of the cost of the ration. About the time I was at Winchester, I had a circular from the Commissary-General, and I think it was put down as 14 cents; it was within a fraction of that, at any rate.

Question. Is it within your knowledge that all the means of transportation that could be obtained were obtained and made use of to their full capacity in transporting Government property?

Answer. Well, sir, all were but 5 or 6 wagons-I think it was 5 or 6. When I left Winchester (I remained there until the rear guard left), as we were going out of town, perhaps a mile beyond the fort, we met a train of wagons, I think 5 or 6 in number-I do not now remember, but I should say 5 or 6-returning for some purpose, I did not know what. Those wagons were ordered to turn around and go back empty, and they did so, to the best of my belief.

Question. Who ordered them to do so?

Answer. I could not tell you. They had been ordered back to the camp of the Sixteenth Ohio, to bring away something; I do not know what it was; but the camp had been set on fire and been burned up. The wagons were sent back to the camps by your orders, I supposed; I did not know.

Question. Were not those wagons that had been used in hauling ammunition to the cars?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Colonel Trimble said here that some of his wagons were used for that purpose.

Answer. Those might have been used for that in the early part of the evening; but they were then coming in from the direction of Martinsburg. The wagon-master who had them in charge said that they were destined for the camp of the Sixteenth Ohio Regiment.

Question. Was this some time after the great body of the troops had left?

Answer. Yes, sir; all but the rear guard of cavalry. They were told by some one that all had been destroyed there, and were ordered to turn about. Who ordered them to turn about I do not now remember.

Question. Do you know where I was at that time?

Answer. No, sir; I do not. You must have been about the point where we turned off from the turnpike, I should judge.

Question. At the head of the column, I suppose you mean?

Answer. Yes, sir; somewhere near the head of the column. I overtook you.

Question. What is you judgment, generally, as to whether all proper means were taken to save all that could be saved there, and whether the property destroyed was unavoidably so destroyed, under the orders I had?

Answer. It has always been my opinion that under the orders which you showed me---

Question. Is that the order? [Handing witness order from General Halleck for immediate evacuation of Winchester.]

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Under that order, were proper efforts made to save the property and all that could possibly be saved, with the means we had?

Answer. In my opinion, there were.

51 R R - VOL XXII, PT II

