
Received too late for insertion in proper sequence.

AUGUST 9, 1862. - Battle of Cedar Run or Cedar (or Slaughter) Mountain, Va.

Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, Second Corps, Army of Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp near Culpeper, August 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the recent battle of Saturday, August 9, at Cedar Mountain, with the enemy under General (Stonewall) Jackson:

At 9 a. m. on the morning of the 9th, after a hurried march of the day before, which was prolonged until 12 o'clock at night, I received orders to remove my brigade from the town of Culpeper, where we were in bivouac, rapidly to the front, as General Crawford, commanding First Brigade, First Division, had been attacked and required assistance. My command was put in motion at once, and reached the position of General Crawford at about 12 a. m. I was directed by General Roberts, of General Pope's staff, to take position on the extreme right, which I occupied with three regiments of infantry and two batteries.

Until 4 p. m. only a few discharges from the enemy's guns announced his presence. At this hour a severe cannonading began, extending from the left of our line across the road upon which our center rested. Our batteries, served with great vigor, responded manfully, and with such success that the whole of our left, consisting of General Augur's division, advanced considerably from its first position, notwithstanding the enemy occupied a height which have him advantages of a plunging fire. Until 5.30 p. m. this artillery practice continued with unabated severity. At this hour I heard quite a rapid musketry firing in my front, behind a range of timber distant about one-third of a mile from my position. I received an order to move at once with my brigade and support General Crawford, who was engaging the enemy's left. I moved rapidly from my well-chosen and exceedingly strong position, gaining the scene of action as briefly as a double-quick movement could carry me. I led into action the Second Massachusetts Regiment, Colonel G. L. Andrews; the Third Wisconsin, Colonel Ruger; and the Twenty-seventh Indiana, Colonel Colgrove. I should state that five companies of the Third Wisconsin Regiment, previously deployed as skirmishers in this same timber, had been ordered by General Williams to join Gen-

