
AUGUST 16-SEPTEMBER 2, 1862.-Campaign in Northern Virginia.

REPORTS, ETC.

ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Numbers 1.-Report of Major Edwin S. Gilbert, Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of operations August 30.

ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA.

Numbers 2.-Return of casualties if Ewell's division, August 22-September 1.

Numbers 3.-Return of casualties in the Fourth Brigade, Jackson's division, at the battles of August 28-30.

Numbers 4.-Confederate Roll of Honor, second battle of Manassas.

Numbers 1. Report of Major Edwin S. Gilbert, Twenty-fifth New York Infantry, of operations August 30.

I was ordered by Colonel Johnson to deploy six companies as skirmishers, connecting on the right with the One hundred and fourth and One hundred and fifth New York, and on the left with the Seventeenth New York. The deployment was made just under the brow of the hill in the open field in front of which the battle was fought. Berdan's Sharpshooters were deployed on my left and front. After lying here something like an hour, the order came to advance into the woods, driving out the enemy, and to take possession of the railroad and hold it. We immediately advanced into the woods, the skirmishers on our left advancing, but those on our right retaining their position. We had advanced but a short distance into the woods when we met the enemy's skirmishers. We drove them back until the left of our line of skirmishers came to an open field. Berdan's Sharpshooters became mixed up with our skirmishers, extending the whole length of our line. Here we began to receive a sharp fire on our right flank, owing to the fact that we were unsupported on our right. I soon found it impossible with our small force to drive back the enemy without this flanking fire being checked. I immediately reported the fact to Colonel Johnson, who sent out two additional companies, and also reported to Colonel Roberts, commanding First Brigade. I soon found that with this force we were unable to drive the enemy from their position. A severe fire continued to pick off our men. We advanced by degrees, but very slowly. Soon Colonel Roberts sent two companies of the Eighteenth Massachusetts, and informed me that General Hatch would soon send a regiment. I rode down to the right and rear, and after a time found some of the Seventy-ninth New York, who had been ordered forward but failed so to do. I tried to induce them to advance, but they said that they had been driven out of here int he morning, and I could not prevail upon them to advance. I rode back and reported to Colonel Roberts that I feared that we would be flanked, as there was no force at the right. He informed me that I soon would have aid, and when it should come I must advance my skirmishers. In the mean time the center of my skirmishers advanced some yards under a severe fire. In a half hour or so after this the Second Regiment Sharpshooters, consisting of a little more than 100 men, arrived. I directed where they should join our line on the right.

