
that a large supply of ammunition has arrived since yesterday, say 120 wagons, and that near the earthwork close in rear of Centreville an officer will be found charged with its distribution. The ammunition will be kept in the wagons in which it came, so as to be sent forward to the troops, to be supplied immediately when required.

With great respect, general, your obedient servant,

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 93. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, September 1, 1862-5.45 a. m.

Major General E. V. SUMNER:

GENERAL: The reconnaissance is only designed to ascertain whether there is any considerable movement of the enemy's infantry toward our right and rear. We have no cavalry-not a horse that can possibly perform service; and it orders to obtain the information I desire, to drive off the enemy's cavalry. I do not care that

the Little River turnpike, whilst skirmishers are thrown still farther, in order full to ascertain whether the enemy is making any movement toward Germantown and Fairfax Court-House. I do not wish any engagement brought on at present on that ground, but when the information required shall have been obtained by the brigade withdraw it.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 94. HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, September 1, 1862.

General POPE:

Yours of last evening was received at 4 a. m. I want to issue a complimentary order, but as you are daily fighting it could hardly be distributed. I will do so very soon.

Look out well for your right, and don't let the enemy turn it and get between you and the forts. We are strengthening the line of defense as rapidly as possible. Horses will be sent to you to-day. Send dispatches to me as often as possible. I hope for an arrival of cavalry to-day.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

P. S.-Acknowledge hour of receipt of this.

Numbers 95. CENTREVILLE, September 1-8.50 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

All was quiet yesterday and so far this morning. My men are resting; they need it much. Forage for our horses is being brought up. Our cavalry is completely broken down, so that there are not five horses to a company that can raise a trot. The consequence is that I am forced to keep considerable infantry along the roads in my rear to

