
hours in advance, staff officers to notify General McClellan of their approach to the points which they are to occupy.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 107. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Fairfax, September 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

The whole army is retiring in good order, without confusion or the slightest loss of property. The enemy has made no advance this morning, owing no doubt to his severe loss last evening. Three army corps pursue the route via Vienna to Chain Bridge, covered by all the effective cavalry; two corps by the Braddock road. These last corps are ordered to break up the depot at Fairfax Station, call in the troops from Sangster's and elsewhere on the railroad, and to move back to Alexandria. Our whole wagon train is far in advance of us toward the same place. Our whole force is less than 60,000 men. Everything is being safely moved back to the entrenchments. When the stragglers can be assembled our force will be largely increased. I shall leave here with the last, and encamp to-night near Ball's Cross-Roads.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Numbers 108. NEW YORK, January 27, 1863.

A dispatch was received from Major-General Banks on the 2nd of September stating that the wagon trains in his charge had all been brought in safely-nothing lost.

T. C. H. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 109. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Ball's Cross-Roads, September 2, 1862-7.10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington:

I arrived here safely. Command coming in on the road without much molestation. Some artillery firing on the road through Vienna to Chain Bridge, but nothing of a serious character, so far as I can learn. Within and hour all the commands on the other roads will be in camp within the entrenchments; the tree corps on the Vienna and Chain Bridge road by to-morrow morning. I await your orders. The enemy still continue to beat around to the north. I do not myself believe that any attack here is contemplated. The troops are very weary, but otherwise in good condition.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

