
The next day, the 26th, I was ordered round to the right, and I went as far as Waterloo Bridge, where I found General Buford. I then received orders to proceed to Warrenton, where I was ordered once more to accompany General Sigel in his march on Gainesville, which we reached but a short time before dark. I threw out my pickets, and we established ourselves for the night. The next morning I was ordered forward to hold Thoroughfare Gap until General Ricketts came up. Colonel Wyndham had already been sent forward by General McDowell, and had occupied what he took to be the Gap. General Ricketts came up, but finding he could not hold the position he fell back to Gainesville, whilst my brigade, with General Buford's, continued to hold Hay Market till daylight the next morning.

Lieutenant-Colonel Kilkpatrick,you will perceive, lost several men at the Gap. Colonel Wyndham had detached Lieutenant York and 6 men on scout to the right of the road. Finding himself cut off from our troops he struck out boldly through the country, and after considerable suffering he led his party up by Leesburg, crossed the river, and came down through Washington. I followed General Ricketts' column until we had nearly reached Bristoe, when I pushed on to the front and reported to General McDowell. By him the brigade was taken on the Sudley Frod road, and ordered to take a position to the left of the line formed by our forces. Later in the day Captain Leski came with an order for me to move forward on the Gainesville road and charge the enemy, but when I reached the point the enemy had retired. After dark I moved forward a portion of my command, under Lieutenant-Colonel Kilkpatrick, to the support of King's division, at that time engaged with the enemy. Captain Sigmore's [Seymour's?] squadron was drawn into and ambuscade and cut to pieces.

The next day I was ordered to report to General Porter, land he ordered me to fall to the rear. Shortly after our left was turned, and all my cavalry was deployed to stop the infantry from running away. I reported to General Pope, and carried one or two orders for him. When he left the field I reported to General Reynolds, and having sent my aides to order to cavalry to fall back on Centreville I left the field when General Reynolds left, leaving nothing behind except the noble regulars. At Centreville I collected the cavalry and was ordered out toward the Little River turnpike, but soon let the enemy, with whom for the remainder of the day we kept up a desultory firing. That night I was awake all night, and just before daylight the last of my cavalry left the town, the whole army having fallen back to Fairfax Court-House during the night. We lay near the town during the day, and just before sundown we evacuated the place, following General Hooker on the Alexandria pike, where we arrived safely the next morning.

It is natural in closing the length of time that this does and including the number of actions and skirmishers it does, that I should have many men to point out as distinguished for their gallantry and good behavior. Lieutenant-Colonel Karge I would particularly name as always ready and valiant, and I would particularly ask that the general would notice him. Lieutenant-Colonel-Kilkpatrick was always active and brave. Lieutenant-Colonel Barrows by his personal daring was enabled to give me important information when near Barnett's Ford.

[GEO. D. BAYARD.]

Colonel E. SCHRIVER,

Chief of Staff.

