
commanding officer of that picket, rejoined my command after a hard race and by abandoning his horse.

The picket lost 2 vedettes, who were captured, which was the only loss sustained by my command during the retreat.

That same evening the First Maine Cavalry, Colonel Allen, and the First Rhode Island Cavalry, Colonel Duffie, reported to me, and I relieved the Pennsylvania regiment by the latter.

General Crawford also arrived during the evening with his brigade,

The next day I advanced with the three regiments of cavalry to Colonel Duffie's support. I drew up the cavalry to the right and left of the roads, taking down the fences, so that they would have an unimpeded field of action.

By direction of General Roberts, chief of cavalry, I detached the Maine regiment to the rear and left, in order to watch and patrol all roads to our left. Two battalions of the Pennsylvania regiment performed the same duty on the right.

About 1.30 o'clock the enemy opened on us front three batteries, to which our batteries replied. General Banks soon arrived, and shortly after the infantry fight began. When our infantry fell back the enemy advanced, engaging Best's battery, and General Banks ordered a charge of cavalry on the enemy's advancing lines to try and check the pursuit. I ordered Major R. I. Falls, commanding First Battalion First Pennsylvania Cavalry, to lead up his battalion and charge. He led the charge bravely and executed it well. The enemy, though advancing in force, were astonished, and could not think that so small a body of men would execute a charge unless supported by large bodies of troops behind them, and accordingly they halted, and soon fell back. Second Lieutenant Butcher was killed. Captain McDonald was severely wounded with four balls in him.

Major Falls, in advance of his men, read through the neck with his saber a rebel soldier. Officers and men behaved admirably, and I cannot speak too highly of the good conduct of all of the brigade.

The cavalry was held in the edge of the timber, and covered the retreat of the artillery and ambulances.

Of my staff I cannot but speak of the uniform gallantry and bravery of Captain H. C. Weir, my assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant W. C. Patterson has my thanks for the manner in which he promptly transmitted my orders.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. BAYARD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry.

Major S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, General McDowell's Corps.

