
JUNE 29-30, 1862.-Reconnaissance form Front Royal to Luray, Va., and skirmish.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, First Vermont Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain George J. Summat, First Maine Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major Angelo Paldi, First Michigan Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel Charles H. Tompkin, First Vermont Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST VERMONT CAVALRY, Camp Gordon, near Front Royal, Va., July 2, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of a reconnaissance made through the Luray Valley by the cavalry under my command in obedience to instructions received from Headquarters First Brigade, First Division, Department of the Shenandoah, June 28, 1862:

On the morning of the 29th instant the cavalry force, consisting of five companies of the First Vermont Cavalry, three companies Maine cavalry, under Captains Summat, Thaxter, and Tucker, and two battalions of the Michigan cavalry, under Majors Paldi and Town, was formed in line in the suburbs of Front royal. The Maine cavalry was detailed for rear guard for the infantry. The battalion of Michigan cavalry, under Major Padli, was directed to proceed to Milford by the turnpike and await the arrival of the main column. Major Town, with his battalion and one company of the First Vermont Cavalry, under Captain Preston, was detailed for advance guards to the main column, consisting of four companies of the Vermont cavalry, Hampton's battery of four 10-pounder Parrotts, and the Fifth Connecticut and the Forty-sixth Pennsylvania Infantry, moving in the order here specified. The column moved until dark, when they had reached --, about 3 miles beyond Milford, and encamped, nothing having been seen during the day.

At 5 o'clock on the next morning the cavalry saddled up and reported to the general commanding. Captain Preston's and Captain Flint's companies were detailed for the advance guard. Major Town's battalion was detailed for rear guard to the column of infantry, which proceeded to within 5 miles of Luray and halted. captain Paltt's company was detailed ass rear guard to Hampton's battery, which followed in rear of the column of cavalry. When within about 5 miles from Luray a vedette of the enemy was captured by the vedette of the advance guard, under command of Corporal Decker, of Company D, First Vermont Cavalry.

Having reached the hill about half a mile out of Luray two companies of the enemy's cavalry were discovered to be drawn up in line just outside of the town upon the New Market or Gordonsville road. Captain Tucker's company, of the Maine regiment, and Lieutenant Blackemer's company (G), of the First Vermout Cavalry, were ordered up to the support of Captain Preston, with the advance guards. The advance then charged the enemy, who met the charge, but were dispersed with a loss of 2 prisoners. The loss sustained by our cavalry was 1 man killed (Private Gordon, of Company D) and 1 of the First Maine Cavalry wounded.

