
Having achieved the object of the reconnaissance, the cavalry force was again formed and returned to this camp, arriving at 9 p. m. on the 30th ultimo, after a long day's march of 43 miles. The reconnaissance being under the immediate command of Brigadier-General Crawford, I deem a simple statement of the part borne by the cavalry as sufficient on my part, well aware that individual instances of bravery and good conduct were noticed by the brigadier-general commanding.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. H. TOMPKINS,

Colonel, First Vermont Cavalry.

Major EDWARD F. BLAKE,

A. A. A. G., 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 2nd Corps, Army of Virginia.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain George J. Summat, First Maine Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION FIRST MAINE CAVALRY, Near Front Royal, Va., July 2, 1862.

SIR: On Sunday morning, June 29, agreeably to instructions from headquarters, I left camp with a detachment of 100 men, and proceeded with the command to a point about 3 miles beyond Milford, where we encamped for the night. The next morning, in connection with two companies of the First Vermont Cavalry, my command composed the advance guard, leaving 25 men, under Lieutenant Ellis, to guard the bridge at Milford. We pushed on toward Luray, arriving in sight of the place between 8 and 9 o'clock a. m. Found about 200 rebel cavalry leaving the place. The advance guard immediately charged, driving back the enemy for a mile, when orders were received to stop the pursuit. My command sustained no loss.

During or absence a party of a out 25 guerrillas approached the brigade at Milford from the opposite side of the Shenandoah. Lieutenant Ellis proceeded with a small party to ascertain the force of the enemy, who, observing the movement, retired to the woods. My command returned to camp Monday night at 9 p. m.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. J. SUMMAT,

Captain, First Maine Cavalry, Comdg: First Battalion.

Major EDWARD F. BLAKE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Numbers 3. Report of Major Angelo Paldi, First Michigan Cavalry.

CAMP FIRST MICHIGAN CAV., MEAR FRONT ROYAL, July 2, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with special order from your headquarters of the 29th ultimo my command, consisting of Companies M and B, under Major Town, and Companies F, G, and K, of my own battalion, and all of the First Michigan Cavalry, formed in line, equipped with two days' rations, in front of our camp. After proceeding about half a

