
reached this place about 8 o'clock. Six companies of my cavalry penetrated Powell's Big Fort Valley, and three-quarters of a mile above Fort Furnace discovered about 800 of the enemy's infantry and two pieces of artillery. The advance was attacked from an ambuscade at that place, being in a very narrow gap, one of my men receiving a severe wound in the body and another in the hand. The returned the fire and dislodged the enemy from their ambushed position and doing some damage, but fearing they might be cut off by the enemy from the mountain passes, they retired 1 mile toward this end of the gap, which they are now holding, together with all the roads leading thereto from the mountains. You will please lay this report before the general.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major R. MORRIS COPELAND,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

JULY 21-22, 1862.-Occupation of Luray and reconnaissances to Columbia Bridge and White House Ford, Va.

Report of Colonel William R. Lloyd, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, commanding brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIRST ARMY CORPS, Luray, July 22, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your order of the 20th I proceeded yesterday with the troops assigned to my command for the purpose, and took possession of any now occupy Luray, with the Seventy-third Pennsylvania, five companies of the Sixty-eighth Pennsylvania [New York] Infantry, and one section of Dieckmann's battery, all under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Muhleck, of the Seventy-third; the Sixth Ohio and mountain howitzers, under command of Major Stedman, and the Fourth New York Mounted Rifles, Lieutenant-Colonel Nazer. We are now encamped on the high ground immediately scout of Luray. Captain Abell, Sixth Ohio Cavalry, is acting as provost-march, and with his company as provost guard occupy the court-house, and the house lately vacated by the rebel citizen Bost is used as a hospital, under charge of Surgeon Finch, Sixth Ohio Cavalry.

I directed a reconnaissance to be made this morning at 5 o'clock to Columbia Bridge, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Muhleck, with six companies Seventy-third Infantry and four companies Sixth Ohio Cavalry, Captain Barber, and the section of artillery. They reached the ford without meeting the enemy. Captain Barber crossed with the cavalry, and scoured the woods and roads for 2 miles south of the ford. No appearance of the enemy was found, and no indications the any scouts, patrols, or other parties of the enemy have crossed the ford for ten days.

I directed a reconnaissance at the same hour this morning to the White House Ford, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Nazer, Fourth New York Mounted Rifles, with four companies Sixty-eighth Infantry and four companies Fourth New York and the two howitzers. They arrived at the ford about 9 o'clock. Some rebel cavalry, not more than

7 R R-VOL XII, PT II

