
20, appeared across the river shortly after the party reached the ford within rifle range. We learned that 15 rebel cavalry had crossed the ford yesterday morning and recrossed about 9 o'clock; that about 40 cavalry crossed the night of the 20th and recrossed about 2 the next morning. We know that this party rode through the town of Luray and back the same night, shouting for Jeff. Davis, but committing no other indiscretion. I accompanied the party under Lieutenant-Colonel Muhleck about 4 miles, when, with my adjutant, Captain Richard, and a small escort of cavalry, I proceeded to White House Ford, reaching the river a mile above the ford, and reaching the ford shortly after the arrival there of the party under Lieutenant-Colonel Nazer. A few shots were exchanged with the rebel cavalry, but a shot or two from the howitzers started their party back toward the gap. This ford is 4 miles from Luray, on the turnpike leading to new Market, and about 6 miles from the gap, which overlooks the valley west of the Peaked and Massanutten Mountains. Columbia Bridge Ford (the bridge being destroyed) is about 8 miles from Luray. Both these fords are at present possible for troops of any class.

From these expeditions and the most reliable information I could obtain I am satisfied that no rebel force of any description at present occupies this valley. The rebel cavalry that have visited Luray and sometimes annoyed the Sixth Cavalry are portions of some four or five companies that make Harrisonburg their rendezvous, and from time to time send to New Market and thence into this valley one or two companies to observe our movements.

With as little delay as possible I will direct a suitable expedition into the gap to observe the valley from New Market to Mount Jackson. I will also send patrols southward daily, which will enable me, I hope, to give you the earliest possible intelligence of any appearance of the enemy in this direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. R. LLOYD,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

General STEINWEHR,

Commanding Second Division, First Army Corps, Virginia.

JULY 22, 1862.-Affair at Verdon, Va.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.-Captain C. T. Litchfield, First Virginia Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Reports of Major General J. E. B. Stuart, C. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Hanover, August 2, 1862.

COLONEL: In answer to Major Taylor's note, asking for a report of the facts concerning the dash of the enemy's cavalry upon the camp of the Bath Cavalry, at Verdon, I have the honor to state that Captain

