
Litchfield, who commanded the squadron of my command sent to that vicinity after the raid at Beaver Dam, has, at my request, submitted a report, which is herewith forwarded, giving a lucid account of the affair.

The Bath Cavalry has never been assigned to any regiment, but belonged to the valley forces, and had been for five weeks at Verdon, according to the captain's account (Captain McChesney), depending on the vicinity for rations and forage. The company, according to the accounts of the citizens, fled at the approach of the enemy. I arrived upon the ground in the afternoon. Captain McChesney reported his force to be 75 or 80 men, 2 of whom were captured, and, he informed me, about 10 horses. He was just a mile from the ford over the North Anna (Oxford), where the enemy crossed, at which point a determined stand could have been made, as I noticed myself, the bank being very advantageous for sharpshooters. If Litchfield could have reached that point the enemy would never have crossed. Upon the foregoing and other representations made me by citizens I telegraphed and wrote to General Jackson that I thought this company had better be withdrawn; whereupon it was done, and is now, no doubt, temporarily attached to some regiment of Robertson's command, perhaps the Second Virginia Cavalry. The extent of damage to the camp is not precisely known, but believed to be slight-only a few tents.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. B. STUART,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel R. H. CHILTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Department.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain C. T. Litchfield, First Virginia Cavalry.

CAMP DISCIPLINE, Hanover County, Va., July 31, 1862.

GENERAL: In obedience to your written the late demonstration and attack of the enemy at Verdon and vicinity.

Agreeably to your instructions I left Atlee's Station on Sunday, the 20th instant, in charge of a squadron, and proceeded in the direction of Hanover Junction via Hanover Court-House, which place I reached about dusk, and encamped beyond some 1 1\2 miles, sending, as directed, Lieutenant Grattan, with 6 men, up to Beaver Dam Station to ascertain the extent of damage done the railroad and the position and strength of the enemy's forces at that point.

During the night a courier arrived from Lieutenant Grattan, stating that but little injury was done the road and the enemy had returned, and that the necessary repairs could be made in a few hours.

I started early next morning with the command and proceeded as far as Anderson's Station, where I halted to feed. I there found a cavalry company encamped, from Bath County, commanded by Captain McChesney, who informed me that he was picketing the Telegraph road leading to Fredericksburg and scouting in that direction. I then sent a lieutenant and 9 men from Major Crigcher's battalion down the road with Captain McChesney's picket, to go in the direction of Bowling

