
totally consumed. At the same time we burned a car which we supposed was to be used to transport the commissary stores above-mentioned to A. M. West, Quartermaster-General of Mississippi, to whom they were marked.

I have already handed you a letter of General Jeff. Thompson, written at Hernando, June 19, 1862, to Major Ben. Byreum [?], indicating his movements; also a notice from Thomas I. Morris to the planters of De Soto County north of Coldwater River, to have their cotton ready for burning. The notice seemed to have been thoroughly carried into effect so far as we scouted the country on our route.

Receiving from various sources information which we deemed reliable that Jackson was approaching Coldwater Depot from Yalabusha, Marshall County, with 800 cavalry, and expected that day, and that a large force of rebels was stationed below Senatobia on the railroad, and having accomplished the object of our expedition as far as possible, our horses unfit for further rapid travel, and the men being continually in the saddle for sixteen hours without rest, we started on our return, and camped for the night 3 miles north of Hernando. During the night our pickets were fired upon, but promptly returned the fire, compelling the enemy to retire, and they did not venture an attack upon our camp.

The face of the country through which we passed between here and Hernando is flat and heavily timbered. Numerous small creeks intersperse the country, over which are thrown corduroy bridges poor in construction and not very safe. Beyond Hernando for about 8 miles the country is rolling until we arrive within 3 miles of Coldwater Station, where the country becomes suddenly flat, and the creeks running through it are small and winding, with steep banks. Here the timber is very heavy and the soil deep and miry. The streams are almost impracticable for cavalry to pass without the aid of bridges rudely made and thrown across.

In conclusion, both officers and men behaved with coolness and bravery, obeying orders promptly and cheerfully, and gallantly charging what they supposed to be a much larger force than our own. We arrived in camp at Memphis at 1 o'clock p.m. June 22.

Hoping what I have done may meet with your approval, which was fortunately accomplished without the loss of a man of my command, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Commanding Expedition.

Major General LEW. WALLACE,

Commanding Forces, Memphis, Tenn.

JUNE 25, 1862-Affair near La Fayette Station, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1.-Lieutenant Colonel William H. Raynor, Fifty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Number 2.-General Orders, Number 93, Headquarters Department Number 2.

Number 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Raynor, Fifty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS.56TH Regiment OHIO VOLS., 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV.,Reserve Corps of Army of the Tennessee.

COLONEL: On Sunday, the 22nd instant, in obedience to an order from you, this regiment, under command of Colonel Peter Kinney, proceeded on

