
In commanding my regiment before the enemy I was gallantly assisted ont he right by Lieutenant-Colonel Sampson, and on the left by Adjt. R. F. Patterson, acting major, and Lieutenant W. S. Marshall, acting adjutant, which officers, without leaving their places, repeated my commands and cheered my brave boys throughout the fierce engagement. The long list of casualties of both officers and men is ample proof of the noble manner in which all stood at their posts. The highest praise is due to all. A grateful country will reward them for their deeds of daring.

Very respectfully,

C. L. MATTHIES,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant MARTIN,

A. A. A. G., First Brigadier, Second Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 25.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, Sixteenth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY,September 21, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Sixteenth Iowa Infantry, in your brigade, in the battle on the evening of the 19th instant, 1 1/2 miles south of Iuka, Miss.:

The regiment, under command of Colonel a. Chambers, wa]Kid) in position about 5.30 p. m. in rear of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, the left of the regiment extending across the road from which it had filed into position. Immediately after the regiment was formed in line a charge of grape and shell from a battery of the enemy cut down 6 or 7 men, including an officer, when the men were ordered to lie down. In this position but few or none were injured by the repeated discharges of canister and ball from the rebel battery. In probably half an hour from forming in line the enemy made a charge of infantry on the battery. Our fire was reserved till the lat moment in the center of the regiment, for fear of killing those manning the battery or the horses of the same and in the two right companies, till a regiment which was lapping them was withdrawn; but when the enemy's lines were plainly or partially in sight (which, owing to the tress and thick underbrush, was not till they were very close), Colonel Chambers ordered the men to rise and fire, which order was instantly obeyed, for a time stopping the enemy's advance, but they again charged. The attack was evidently by a very heavy force and with the object of capturing the battery. Our men stood their ground manfully, and I am not aware that a single officer or man failed in any part of his duty. They were finally beaten back by the overwhelming force of the enemy, the center, in the rear of the left section of the battery, retiring first, but warmly contending with the enemy till they were almost in our ranks. The left, holding a comparatively safe position, did not retire till they were fired into by one of our own regiments in the rear. The entire right companies, although under a remarkably heavy fire, held their position longest and experienced the heaviest loss. Company A, Captain Smith, was the last to leave the field, and for a time held its ground alone, the regiment on its right having at an early hour been compelled to retire, and the remaining companies of its own regiment the same at a later hour.

