
Where all the officers did so well it seems scarcely fair to particularize the conduct or bearing of one from the other, yet I deem it my official duty to notice the fact that Captain Smith exhibited in this action bravery and gallant conduct for which he cannot receive too much praise. He brought out of the battle scarcely half the men he took in it, and the same may be said of Company F, Captain Fraser. The remaining portion of the regiment was immediately after reformed by my self and took a position near the battle-field, it then being nearly dark, and soon after; while changing to another position, was directed to rest on the right of an Ohio regiment, formed along the Iuka road, where it remained during the night.

I regret to report the severe wounding of Colonel Chambers by gunshot wounds in the shoulder and neck toward the close of the action. He was taken prisoner at the time of receiving the wounds, but was left by the enemy in the hospital at Iuka.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Sixteenth Iowa Infantry at the late action near Iuka, as complete as it can be made at this time, summing up, killed, 14; wounded, 48; missing, 14.* The regiment went into the battle with about 350 men, exclusive of details made to take care of the wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADD. H. SANDERS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Iowa Infantry.

Colonel SANBORN,

Commanding First Brigade, Third Div., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 26.

Report of Captain Ebenezer Le Gro, Fourth Minnesota Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp six miles south of Iuka, Miss., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements of the regiment under my command during the battle of yesterday near Iuka:

At 5 p. m. I moved my command at double-quick to a position on the left of the Forty-eighth Indiana, which regiment was in support of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Sears. Shortly after the battle was opened by the battery and raged furiously along the line for half an hour, when the Forty-eighth Indiana, being compelled to give way, fell back to the edge of the woods, leaving my regiment exposed to an oblique fire in the rear from the advancing enemy. I then ordered the right wing to fall back 10 rods to the timber, which was accomplished in good order, notwithstanding the galling and incessant fire of the enemy. This change of position brought our line in the form of a semicircle, partly facing the battery. Here we remained some twenty minutes, when the fire of the enemy was directed against the troops on the right of the battery. I was then ordered to move by the right flank about 40 rods up the road, at nearly a right angle to my first position; then by the left flank, in order of battle, to a point near where the battery was first placed, which I did immediately. This po-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

