
sition I occupied until 8.15 o'clock, when, the enemy having fallen back, I was relieved by the Eightieth Ohio and ordered to the rear for a fresh supply of ammunition.

Throughout the whole both officers and men behaved with coolness and courage, conducting themselves in a manner highly commendable. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Surg. J. H. Murphy and his assistants for their unceasing attentions to the wounded throughout the action and during the night.

I inclose a list of killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

E. LE GRO,

Captain, Commanding Fourth Regiment Minnesota Volunteers.

Colonel JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 27.

Report of Colonel George B. Boomer, Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry.

HOSPITAL AT IUKA, MISS.,

September 21, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your orders, I marched, on the morning of the 18th, from camp west of Jacinto, and encamped that evening 6 miles east of the town on the Iuka road.

On the 19th we marched to within 2 miles of Iuka, the Fifth Iowa Infantry leading the column; next the Eleventh Ohio Battery, and next the Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry. About 3 p. m. I relieved four companies of the Fifth Iowa, skirmishers, with Companies B, A, G, and I, of my regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Holman, who continued to drive back the enemy's line till they came upon his main body, from which they received a volley, causing considerable loss. They remained in position till the column came up, and upon my arrival I ordered them into the line and formed the regiment, according and the left resting near the Eleventh Ohio Battery. You also ordered regiment in that direction into the open field. I reconnoitered the position on the right, and seeing no indication of a flank movement, i remained in position. Shortly after the engagement opened in earnest on the front of the Fifth Iowa, and Colonel Matthies, finding the left of his regiment next to the battery too hard pressed, called on me for assistance. I, seeing that the battery was nearly disabled and that the enemy were directing all their efforts against that pointy, immediately ordered Major Koniuszeski to mount and go forward with the left wing of my regiment, composed of Companies F, E, H, and C, in all 162 men, exclusive of hospital details. I at the same time ordered the right wing to remain where it was and await my orders. Seeing Koniuszeski dismount, and that he gave no orders at all, or at least adequate to the occasion, I took command in person, and remained until I thought the time had arrived to bring up the right wing, with which, being five large companies, I had intended to charge. In the mean

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

