
time the colors, contrary to orders, had advanced with the left wing, and a short time previous to my returning to the right wing I had ordered the colors back to their former position. When I returned to where I had ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Holman to remain with the right wing I found it gone, as well as the colors. I immediately returned to the left wing, where, mixed up with the disabled battery, we remained, without giving an inch, until I was severely wounded, having been slightly wounded before. I immediately after this ordered the men to retreat down the ravine, and was carried off the field. We had lost 79 men, including 5 commissioned officers wounded. The fire was very severe, and the position, in the midst of tangled horses struggling to get away, was difficult both to take and to maintain in order.

I did not see Major Koniuszeski during the action. Had he, and Lieutenant-Colonel Holman, who I since understand ordered the right wing to retreat shortly after I left him, obeyed my orders properly I think a charge with these fresh troops would have prevented the temporary capture of the battery.

The Fifth Iowa, with my four companies, fought with great desperation and effect, and we left the field at the same time. I have no means of knowing with certainty why the right wing left the field as it did, as I have not seen the command since I was carried off the field to be able to get any accurate information; but they could not have left without orders, as they were almost completely under shelter. It will be necessary for Lieutenant-Colonel Holman to explain this in his report, which should begin at the time those companies left their position.

It gives me great pleasure to mention the names of several officers engaged with me on the left wing who behaved with distinguished gallantry and energy; Captain B. D. Dean and Second Lieutenant J. W. Maupin, of Company F; Captain Robert C. Crowell, First Lieutenant R. B. Denny, and Second Lieutenant J. T. Crowe, of Company E; First Lieutenant Schirmer, commanding Company K, and First Lieutenant J. M. Dennis, of Company C. I was not present with the skirmishers in action, but understand that all exhibited great coolness and energy.

I inclose a list of killed and wounded,* as far as known at this time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE B. BOOMER,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Regiment Missouri Infty. Vols.

Colonel JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 28.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Holman, Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH REGIMENT MISSOURI VOLS.,September 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the action of the troops under my command in the battle near Iuka, Miss., September 19:

By order of Colonel George B. Boomer, commanding the Twenty-sixth Missouri Volunteers, I took command of Companies A, Captain Robinson; B, Captain Welker; G, Captain Rice, and I, Lieutenant Berry,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

