
permit too much could not be said of their signal acts of daring, their coolness and skill in discharging the duties respectively assigned them on the field. The country may truly be proud of such men, for under their leadership continued success will mark the progress of our gallant army. Of those officers above named it will be doing no injustice to any for me to say that Captains Welker, Rice, and Robinson, and Lieutenant C. F. Brown, regimental quartermaster, and Lieutenant Schoenen, have won for themselves distinguished merits-efficient in camp, brave and patriotic on the field. I can cheerfully recommend them for promotion in the army.

JOHN H. HOLMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Regiment Missouri Vols.

Colonel JOHN B. SANBORN,

Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 29.

Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, THIRD DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Iuka, Miss., September 20, 1862.

I have the honor to submit this report of the part the Second Brigade took in the battle of Iuka:

On the evening of the 18th I received orders to move the next morning at 5 o'clock on Tuscumbia road toward Iuka, to join in an attack on Major-General Price, who was encamped with the rebel army at that place. Leaving camp punctually at the time appointed we arrived within 1 1\2 miles to Iuka by 4 p. m., our advance brigade having been skirmishing with the enemy's pickets for over 6 miles. Halting at this point he First Brigade was formed in line of battle by General Hamil ton, who was in advance, while the Second Brigade was halted on the road until a reconnaissance could be made of the ground to the left and a position obtained for the battery. Before a position could be selected the rebels opened a terrific fire along the entire front of our line, having approached us entirely unperceived, owing to the dense underbrush and broken character of the ground, and tat the same time attempting to turn our position by an attack on both flanks. I ordered Colonel Holmes, of the Tenth Missouri, to take position guarding our right flank, while Colonel Perczel, of the Tenth Iowa, with a section of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, was ordered to hold a road leading to our left and rear. (Their reports are herewith inclosed.) The position occupied by Colonel Holmes was so important and so effectually checked the enemy's advance on our right that their artillery fire was directed especially to that point. Although the enemy's fire enfiladed his line, the movements of his regiments in taking position were performed with as much precision as if ont he drill ground. His officers and men are en titled to raise. Colonel Perczel with his command held the position assigned them and drove back a brigade of the rebels which was advancing to take possession of the road. He gallantly held his position and by his determined stand led the enemy to believe we were in strong force at that point and to desist from their attack. Before the disposition of the regiments above mentioned could be made the rebels, by

