
praise, for a battle against such superior numbers and on such ground has not been fought in this war.

I inclose reports received from commanding officers of regiments, together with a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing of my brigade. The regiments of my brigade engaged were: Tenth Iowa, Colonel Perczel; Seventeenth Iowa, Captain Archer; Eightieth Ohio, Colonel bartilson, and one section of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, commanded by Lieutenant Immell.

I have the honor, captain, to be, yours, respectfully,

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30.

Report of Lieutenant Lorenzo D. Immell, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Twelfth Wisconsin Battery.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY,Jacinto, Miss., September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery took in the engagement of September 19, near Iuka, Miss.:

I was ordered by General Sullivan to take position, with one section of the battery, on the road leading to the left and front of the line of battle, which was formed across the main road leading to Iuka. I took battle, which was formed across the main road leading to Iuka. I took position 500 or 600 yards to the front and left of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, under the immediate direction of Lieutenant Colonel W. L. Lothrop, chief of artillery, and Colonel Perczel, of the Tenth Iowa Volunteers, whose personal bearing won the applause of myself and men. Several shells were thrown into the field and timber in front, to find the position of the enemy, who soon advanced from our right through the thick timber. I then fell back a short distance and took position while Colonel Perczel was engaging the rebel infantry, who now came in great numbers. It was about this time the Eleventh Ohio Battery was taken and the enemy had cut us off from the main body. At this time the enemy were driven back with great loss by the Tenth Iowa and the two guns under my charge, which were served with great dexterity by the cannoneers, most of the time using canister.

I call your attention to the great bravery of Colonel perczel, his officers and men, the gallant manner in which they fought, supported the artillery, and repulsed the enemy with great loss. My non-commissioned officers and men stood well to their posts. Those most meritorious, I am constrained to mention, are First Sergt. S. E. Jones and Sergt. Philander Cody, who nobly did their duty.

At the time the enemy opened fire on us First Lieutenant Edward G. Harlow, chief of the first section, left his section, and I saw no more of him till after the engagement was over. When I returned to where I had left the second section, in command of First Lieutenant William Miles, I found the guns with the poles broken out of both pieces and caissons, the drivers and horses all gone, the gunners and cannoneers at their

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

