
ing how matters stood on our side. He told me that the road, although raked by the enemy's fire, was still in our possession, on which I ordered the pieces back, and they were withdrawn safely. Night coming on, I drew a little closer to our main body; but on the report of Company I, which I left to observe the enemy's movements, that a new body of rebels was advancing, I advanced again with three companies. Advised by the noise of our steps, the enemy opened and gave us several tremendous volleys. Owing to the darkness, and again to their up-hill firing, not a man was hurt. We returned their fire and made great execution, as we found on the morning of the 20th all the ground strewn with dead rebels.

They left part of their wounded, having carried away a great number even during the action. We may safely assert having killed between 60 and 70 and wounded in proportion, while our loss was 7 wounded and one of my orderlies had his horse killed.

Thus ended our part in this memorable fight.

I have but to add that officers and men behaved with the greatest bravery. All movements have been executed promptly in spite of the shower of bullets, and I dare to say that the Tenth Iowa are good soldiers.

I have yet to mention the efficient services and assistance of our brave major, N. McCalla, and of my adjutant, William Manning, and also the able and brave manner in which Lieutenant Immell handled his two pieces.

Yours, respectfully,

N. PERCZEL,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Third Division.

Numbers 32.

Report of Captain John L. Young, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY,Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with your request I make the following brief statement concerning the battle near Iuka on the 19th instant:

When your ordered the Seventeenth Iowa to form line of battle across the ridge at right angles with the road leading up from the hospital building we were filed off to the right by Colonel Rankin, then commanding, until a little more than the right wing of the regiment had filed to the right, when the regiment was halted and brought to a front and the remainder of the left wing formed on the left of the road. We were then ordered forward. We advanced a few paces and were ordered to give way to the right, which the right wing of the regiment obeyed and which I think the left wing failed to hear. The right wing passed I should think 30 or 40 yards to the right, and was ordered by Colonel Rankin to halt and come to a front. By this movement of the right wing to the right the regiment was divided near the center. About this time the firing from the enemy became quite brisk and there seemed to be a strong inclination to fall back. I communicated this fact to Colonel Rankin, and he told me to do the best I

