
a train to a point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad 28 miles from the city of Memphis, where a bridge across a small stream had been burned. The regiment, under the direction of the railroad superintendent, proceeded to reconstruct the bridge. On Tuesday evening Colonel Kinney came into the city, and returned on the train Wednesday, which was thrown from the track by the displacement of one of the rails, and the cars and locomotive broken up. This occurred about one mile above Germantown, and was caused by Jackson's rebel cavalry, who attacked the disabled train, took Colonel Kinney, together with I sergeant and 8 privates, of Company B, of this regiment, prisoners. On the train were quite a number of unarmed men and an armed guard of 19 men, 10 of whom escaped, as did quite a number of the others.

I was first informed of these facts Wednesday evening, and at once sent Major Varner, with three companies, to reconnoiter, ascertain certainly the fate of Colonel Kinney, and assist him if possible. The major returned about midnight with the information as above, and also that the colonel had certainly been taken, the cars entirely destroyed, and that a force of the enemy was still in our neighborhood.

This command was encamped on the plantation of a Mr. Davis, to whom I gave a pass on Wednesday morning to "go to mill and get corn ground" at La Fayette. In the evening his slaves gave the information that their master [Mr. Davis] had been heard to tell his wife he would get a pass to go to mill, but would go to the Southern cavalry and get them to drive away the Yankees. This pass was good for one day only, yet Mr. Davis had not returned home the next day. A double-barreled gun he had loaded "for the Yankees" I took from his house and now have.

The bridge being completed, and also being in communication with General Sherman, in accordance to your order [the only one yet at that time received], I made preparations to bring back the regiment. Having no transportation, I "pressed in" the teams of the neighbors to bring in a few rations yet unconsumed, baggage, &amp;c. Meantime I received the following note from Colonel Worthington, of General Sherman's division, which note was addressed to Colonel Kinney or commanding officer of this regiment:

LA FAYETTE, June 26, 1862.

DEAR SIR: General Sherman has ordered all his division back to Moscow except the Fifty-second Indiana, which is to join you, and my regiment, the Forty-sixth, which is to remain here. If there is any danger I would advise your falling back to this place, which I will fortify. I have a section of artillery but no horses. Please let me know if you have heard anything important, and if possible come here this forenoon.

Yours, respectfully,

WORTHINGTON,

Colonel Forty-sixth Regiment.

Colonel KINNEY, Fifty-sixth Ohio.

I answered this note in effect that our orders were to "return to Memphis as soon as the bridge was completed or as soon as General Sherman's division came up," and that I was now acting in obedience to that order and preparing to return. An orderly soon cam down with the information that the Fifty-second Indiana were coming to guard the bridge. After reaching the neighborhood of Colliersville and on down until this side of Germantown the enemy were hovering all around us, but our dispositions for defense probably deterred them from making an attack. Lewis H. Hamilton, acting hospital steward, and George Lowry, drummer, Company K, straggling to the front against positive

