
could for them and keep them together if possible. After this I saw no more of him during the engagement. I learned afterward from him that his horse was shot under him and that he plunged him against a tree, which rendered him unable to longer command the regiment. Lieutenant-Colonel Hillis being absent, and Major Wise being under arrest, I was the next officer in rank, and I took command of the right wing of the regiment, that being all that was in sight or hearing of me. About the time I mention as having lost sight of Colonel Rankin our men retreated without any command, which caused great confusion. They had not proceeded far to the rear, however, until I succeeded in rallying them, and got them back to about where our line was first formed and succeeded in quieting them for a time. About this time I say you and told you I had assumed command, and was told to take command of the battalion and do the best I could. I then went to near the right of the right wing and urged the men forward. We had proceeded but a short distance when a tremendous volley from the enemy caused a panic in the battalion, and with all my efforts, and assisted by Captain D. A. Craig (who was the only captain I saw after Colonel Rankin left the field), could not rally them until they had retreated almost to the road near the old log church. I here succeeded in stopping them, got a line partly formed, and marched them forward. By the time I had got them to our former line I had I should think about 300 men, consisting of the right wing of our regiment and stragglers from the Fifth Iowa, Eleventh Missouri, Fourth Minnesota, Thirty-ninth Ohio, and some others. I now held them near where our first having been told by Colonel Rankin what the design was in placing us there or whether any of our own forces were between us and the enemy, and when some of my men fired I ordered them to cease firing until ordered. About this time a soldier from the Fifth Iowa, I think, came near us and told me that my men were firing upon our own men. I then ordered my men forward with the intention of taking a better position to support our men in case they should fall back. We had not proceeded far when some of my men again commenced firing, which was apparently answered by a tremendous volley from the direction of the enemy; but a soldier who was some distance in advance came rushing back and said that our own men were firing upon us. I then ordered my men to fall back in good order so as not to come in contact with them. I fell back I should think about 25 or 30 yards and to near where our original line had been, halted them, about-faced them, and ordered them to kneel. They remained in this position for some time until quite a number of men in the front of us came back on the double-quick, which, together with increased firing from the front, caused another panic among the men, and in spite of all exertions they ran back about 100 yards, when I succeeded in forming another line, and having advanced a few yards I ordered the men to stand and wait for orders. We had stood here but a short time when a tremendous volley was fired by the enemy and was immediately answered by some regiment still in our rear. We were now between two heavy fires from front and rear. This caused adredful stampede among the men, and all commenced firing in all directions without regard to where their guns were aimed. This however continued but a short time, for as soon as the guns were all discharged I had no difficulty in preventing a repetition of the fire. I again rallied the men and kept them in pretty good line until the retreat was sounded, when I brought the men off and formed them on the right of the Thirty-ninth Ohio. I brought

