
off I should think about 350 men belonging to the regiments above named.

It may be said that the foregoing would not add much to the reputation of a regiment, but this I cannot avoid. I give you a simple statement of the facts that came under my own observation, hoping to be able to give a better account of the Seventeenth Iowa in the next engagement.

It is due to Captain Craig, Company H; Lieutenants Garrett and Johnson, of Company A; Lieutenants Rice and Snodgrass, of Company I; Lieutenant Hull, Company E; Lieutenant Morris, Company F; Lieutenant Stapleton, Company C, and one or two others probably who were with me during the entire engagement, to say that they acted in a very brave and unflinching manner and deserve great credit.

I do not wish either to be understood as casting any insinuations upon any officer in the regiment, but I only mention those whom I saw in the engagement.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN L. YOUNG,

Captain Company A, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 33.

Report of Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI INFANTRY,Camp near Iuka, Miss., September 20, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit a report of the part taken in the late action near Iuka by the force under my command, consisting of the Tenth Missouri and Captain L. M. Rice's attached company, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry, in all numbering 650 men and officers:

My regiment took position in line of battle about 400 yards to the right of the Iuka road and parallel with it, with the view of preventing any flank movement of the enemy through the woods opposite me, and at the same time to furnish a support to the main line, formed across the road and to my left. Company A, First Lieutenant Walker commanding, was deployed as skirmishers along my whole front in the edge of the woods. The action soon became general with the main body. I remained in the position named for some time, exposed to an enfilading fire of the enemy's artillery, which severely wounded several of my men. Discovering no attempt of the enemy to come through the woods on my front, and seeing that some of the regiments on the right of the main body were apparently falling back under the terrific fire to which they were exposed, I changed front forward on my left, with a view to furnishing any support which might be required, leaving my skirmishers as originally placed. With the exception of having once employed my regiment into close column by division on the road, being ordered to take position there, I remained on the last-named line till the end of the action, and during the night the men slept on their arms.

In that most trying situation (that of being exposed to a heavy fire without being able to return it) my officers and men behaved with the greatest steadiness, executing the required maneuvers with the precision of ordinary drill.

