
I may here acknowledge the valuable assistance which I received during the action from Lieutenant Colonel John D. Foster, Major L. Horney, and Adjt. F. C. Deimling. Surg. O. B. Payne and Chap. George R. palmer are also entitled to especial mention for their services on the field, attending to and removing the wounded.

My loss was 14 wounded, a list of whom is appended.

I kept my men screened while in position by the nature of the ground, as far as possible, and by lying down, which will account for the smallness of the list.

Very respectfully,

SAML. A. HOLMES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 34.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Matthias H. Bartilson, Eightieth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

I herewith send you the following report of the part taken in the late engagement near Iuka, Miss., by my command:

rested near the old church on the hill and the right rested a few rods across the Iuka road, where it turns down the hill, being at the time exposed to a heavy fire of musketry and grape shot. It was near here that Adjutant Philpott was shot through the left arm and compelled to leave the field. The Seventeenth Iowa was at the same time on my right. While there I received orders to advance down the hill, eastward, through the thick wood and brush. I executed the order by advancing my command down the hill, across the ravine, and up the next hill, expecting to find a line of our own forces, which General Hamilton informed me had taken position in front of the place where I was ordered to take a position. I did not find the line referred to by General Hamilton, and advanced to within 30 paces of the enemy's line, which I found concealed in the woods, covering my front and right. The enemy raised and fired upon us, to which salute we heartily responded for about ten minutes, at which time the enemy fell back to the edge of the field in my front.

During the firing just mentioned my horse was shot dead under me, and I received a severe wound through the right thigh by a buck-shot. I found myself unable to command longer, and ordered the company commanders to hold their position until relieved by some proper officer, which they accordingly did.

I must here state that but eight companies crossed the ravine with me and roamed in line. Companies B and G, with Major R. Lanning, owing to the thick brush, became separated from the left, and did not cross the ravine until after I had left the field. Soon after Major Lanning joined the command with Companies B and G. He, acting under orders from General Rosecrans, recrossed the ravine, taking position so that the right rested in the ravine, which position he held about one hour, when he was ordered to take a position on the old road leading

