
in the direction of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, which he accordingly did, and remained there until 2.30 a. m., 20th instant, at which time the command was ordered from the field.

I am, respectfully,

M. H. BARTILSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eightieth Regiment Ohio Vols.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

A. A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 35.

Report of Colonel John K. Minzer, Third Michigan Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Division.
HDQRS. CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Jacinto, Miss., September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements and operations of the cavalry under my command during the advance upon and engagement with the enemy at Iuka, Miss., on the 19th instant:

The Second Iowa Cavalry, under the command of Colonel Hatch, moved out early on the morning of the 19th instant on the Tuscumbia road, with instructions to proceed to Peyton's Mill via Russellville road, and was charged with covering the movements and protecting the flanks of the advancing columns. At Peyton's Mill he fell in with and had a sharp skirmish with 600 of the enemy's cavalry, which he drove from their position, they losing 6 men killed, 10 wounded, and 6 prisoners. The Third Michigan Cavalry, under the command of Captain Willcox, with the exception of four companies employed in escorting trains, formed the advance of General Hamilton's division, which moved east on the Tuscumbia road. At a point about 9 miles east of Jacinto the enemy's pickets were met and driven in rapidly. About 5 miles south of Iuka the enemy's cavalry made a stand; but upon being charged by a portion of the advance guard, led by Sergeant Cutting, Third Michigan Cavalry, they were forced back. Here an officer of General Hamilton's staff was mortally wounded. Without further los the cavalry succeeded in driving the enemy to within 3 miles of Iuka. This point was reached at 4 p. m. Here the infantry skirmishers were thrown in the advance. About this time the enemy's long roll was beat and they formed line of battle. Soon the armies became engaged and a terrible conflict ensued. Four companies of the Third Michigan Cavalry, under Captain Willcox, were sent to the right wing, on the right of Constable's Ohio battery; two companies were sent to the northeast and the remaining two to the northwest, to observe the movements of the enemy. A portion of the four companies on the right wing were dismounted, and becoming engaged with the enemy, prevented a flank movement on our right wing. At this point Captain Latimer and 2 men were slightly wounded. Two companies of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry, under the command of Captain Swoyer, were ordered to form a junction with the Second Iowa Cavalry at Peyton's Mill, which they did, and with this regiment moved east to the main Fulton road, thence to Thompson's Corners, were they found tents, commissary stores, and two wagons belonging to the enemy, which they burned; then moved west to Barnett's,

8 R R-VOL XVII

