
a point 7 miles south of Iuka, where they arrived about dark. Eight companies of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Prince commanding, were the advance of General Ross' division of the left wing, under General Ord, which moved on the Burnsville and Iuka road. In consequence of this division not moving forward on the night of the 19th instant they were not engaged with the enemy, except in some slight skirmishing.

Captain Dyckman, of the Third Michigan Cavalry, on the evening of the 18th instant, with his company, made a reconnaissance in the direction of Iuka for the purpose of ascertaining the practicability of a road direct from Jacinto to Iuka and to learn the whereabouts of the enemy. He conducted the movement in a manner very satisfactory and worthy of high commendation. The battle near iuka was sanguine, the firing heavy and rapid, and the ground hotly contested. Night coming on closed the scene of carnage. The morning disclosed the fact that during the darkness of night the enemy had evacuated, and were retreating south on the Fulton road. Eighth companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry, under command of Colonel hatch, and eight companies of the Third Michigan, under Captain Willcox, were sent in pursuit of Price's retreating army, each portion of the regiments striking for different points of the enemy's column, while our infantry followed on the Fulton road. Four companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry, under command of Captain Kendrick, and two companies of the seventh Kansas Cavalry, under Captain Swoyer, were directed to move on the Tuscumbia road, to check the enemy's movements at the intersection of the Tuscumbia and Fulton roads, 6 miles south of Iuka. The enemy's movements were greatly retarded and his flank attacked and his troops harassed by frequent attacks and skirmishes until our cavalry was forced to retire by the enemy's artillery, which was repeatedly turned upon them. Seven miles south of Iuka the Second Iowa Cavalry came on the flank of a heavy patrol of the enemy's cavalry, which they engaged and drove nearly 4 miles, when his skirmishers, falling back rapidly, drew the Second Iowa upon a masked battery, heavily supported by both infantry and cavalry. The artillery and infantry opened a very sharp fire, but did not succeed in doing much damage. Soon the firing ceased and the enemy's guns, and formed line to receive a second charge from his cavalry in force, in which the enemy were repulsed with loss, the Second Iowa then fell back fighting through the timber until out of the range of the enemy's guns, and formed line to receive a second charge from his cavalry in force, in which the enemy were repulsed with loss, the Second Iowa capturing 10 prisoners, from 300 to 400 stand of arms, and one wagon, and losing but 6 men, wounded. The Third Michigan Cavalry and the two companies of the Seventh Kenasas continued the pursuit 11 miles, becoming several times engaged and coursing the enemy repeatedly to form a line of battle. Our troops being much fatigued from having marched 20 miles the day previous farther pursuit was impossible. The Third Michigan Cavalry occupied a position for the night at Peyton's Mill, witching closely the movements of the enemy and following his movements on the succeeding day until ordered to return toward Jacinto. Taking into consideration the great exposure to which the cavalry was subjected, that our losses were so slight is most remarkable and truly a subject of congratulation. One officer and 8 men were wounded and 10 horses killed. During the advance, engagement, and pursuit the officers and men of the cavalry division displayed great zeal, enterprise, and gallantry, and are all entitled to great credit. The conduct of all was in a high degree praiseworthy, and where all behaved so well it is difficult to particu-

