
larize individual acts of bravery without a seeming neglect of the claims of others.

Colonel Hatch, Major Coon, and Captain Kendrick, of Second Iowa Cavalry; Captains Willcox, Latimer, Dyckman, Newell, and Reese, and Adjutant Buchannan and Sergeant Cutting, of the Third Michigan Cavalry, and Captain Swoyer, of the Seventh Kansas Cavalry, having command of companies and detachments, with the commands under them, performed their duty with great energy. Lieutenants McGregor and Martin, of my personal staff, conveyed with becoming spirit and ability my orders to the various parts of the field, displaying coolness and efficiency. The usefulness and efficiency of the cavalry on this occasion cannot be too highly estimated, covering as they did so many important movements, guarding the flanks of the army, and rendering valuable service, which I feel assured will be fully appreciated, and will gain for them such confidence and respect as will fully reward them for their efforts to discharge their whole duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K MIZNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant C. GODDARD, A. A. A. G., Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 36.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS CAVALRY,Burnsville, Miss., September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor that on September 18 the Seventh Regiment of Illinois Cavalry was ordered forward toward Iuka, to co-operate with the infantry under the command of General Ross. The regiment was engaged in frequent skirmishes, but nothing serious resulted.

On the 19th the regiment was in line, some 3 1/2 miles from Iuka, waiting for orders to go forward, but none were received, and after the evacuation was known the regiment was ordered back by General Ross to Burnsville.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Seventh Illinois Cavalry Vols.

Lieutenant WELDEN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cav. Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 37.

Report of Captain Lyman G. Willcox, Third Michigan Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 23, 1862.

SIR: In relation to the movements of the Third Michigan Cavalry from the 18th until the 22nd instant I have the honor to report as follows:

At a late hour on the 18th instant, while encamped at Davenport's Mill, near Jacinto, I directed Company A, Captain Dyckman, to examine the Iuka road, running northeast from the mill and midway

