
between the Tuscumbia and Burnsville roads, in order to determine the practicability of moving wagon or artillery trains on the road and whether any portion of the road was occupied by the enemy. The reconnaissance was properly and promptly made and the road found to be impracticable for moving trains but passable for infantry and cavalry. The road was occupied by pickets, who fired upon the reconnoitering party.

At 4 o'clock on the following morning, pursuant to instructions from Colonel Mizner, I took eight companies of my command, leaving four in camp, and proceeded in light marching order along the Tuscumbia road was to its intersection with the Russellville road, about 6 miles east of Jacinto, where my command took the advance of General Hamilton's division and moved in the direction of Barnett's Corners. I had moved about 2 miles farther, where I found indications of the presence of rebel cavalry. The indications were more marked as we proceeded, and as we arrived at the brow of a hill, about one-half mile west of Barnett's, a volley was fired into the head of the column. The rebel force seemed well supported, and I immediately dismounted 20 men and sent them, in command of Captain Latimer, into the woods to the right. Twenty more were sent into a corn field to the left, in command of Lieutenant Mix, and Companies A and F, under Captain Dyckman, were sent forward on the road. After a sharp skirmish of about fifteen minutes the rebels were driven from the woods, leaving 1 man killed and 1 horse; also 1 man,, horse, and equipments, were taken by Captain Latimer. From this point (barnett's) a running fight was kept up, the rebels falling back to a branch of the Crippled Deer Creek, distant about 4 miles. On arriving at the branch we found that the rebel cavalry had rallied at a house situated on an elevation 400 yards distant and commanding the road. The advance, under Sergt. H. D. Cutting, Company K, charged up the road at full gallop and drove them from their position into the woods; but the enemy rallied, two squadrons strong, and forced the advance to retire. Sergeant Cutting's horse was shot, which was the only casualty occurring to my command in this instance. A number of shots were fired staff. I at once wheeled the cavalry into line on the road-side and uncovered a column of infantry, which moved to the front and deployed on either side of the road, and drove the enemy from the cover of some buildings behind which they were sheltered. A column of infantry then moved in advance, and position having been taken at a point about 1 1/2 miles from Iuka, pursuant to orders received from Colonel Mizner, I immediately moved with four companies, viz, K, Captain Newell; E, Captain Latimer; F, Captain Reese, and A, Captain Dyckman, to the front, and moved out to the right of Constable's Ohio battery, Lieutenant Adams commanding the advance guard. After proceeding about a half mile Lieutenant Adams, perceiving a body of cavalry on a hill directly east of the battle-field, attacked and drove them away with considerable loss. I then formed my men behind the brow of the hill, dismounted a portion, and poured an irregular fire into the enemy's left flank and upon these who showed themselves in our front with considerable effect, 22 dead having been afterward found, who must have fallen by our hands. During the time that we were in this position the enemy occasionally gave us a heavy volley, but the nature of the ground was such that no casualties had occurred until near sundown, when the enemy seemed to manifest a disposition to gain our position. I immediately dismounted all the men that could be spared,

