
sending the horses into the woods in our rear, and opened a destructive fire upon them. They immediately fell back and made no further attempt to advance upon us. We took a first lieutenant, bearing the stand of colors belonging to the Third Louisiana Infantry. Captain Latimer was wounded in the shoulder; also 2 privates, slightly. Six horses were lost. After dark I moved my command to the left of the road, in rear of the infantry, where I was joined by the other four companies of my command, which had been employed in reconnoitering on either flank during the afternoon.

On the morning of the 20th, pursuant to orders received from Colonel Mizner, I proceeded with my command in the direction of the Fulton road, to learn the whereabouts of Price's army. I struck the Fulton road some 3 or 4 miles from Iuka and found the rebel army still passing that point. After gaining the desired information I immediately fell back and proceeded down a road running nearly parallel with and about 3 miles from the Fulton road to the Tuscumbia road, where we found that the rebels were making a stand and the infantry were moving upon them. We encamped that night on the Tuscumbia road.

The following day I remained in the same position, prepared some rations, brought forward the four companies left at Jacinto on the 18th, and sent out Captain Reese and company on the Fulton road, with instructions to gain all possible information relative to the retreating army. He returned at night with 10 prisoners, having been down the Fulton road about 10 miles.

The following day (22d) I moved with my entire command (twelve companies) to Peyton's Mill, where I remained but a short time, as orders were received soon after my arrival to proceed to Jacinto. I had, however, sent out Company A; Captain Dyckman, to make a reconnaissance on the Natchez trace road, where he took a captain, belonging to the Arkansas Battalion; also found 2 men belonging to an Iowa regiment, who had been taken by the rebel cavalry the day previous and had succeeded in making their escape. I arrived at Jacinto on the evening of the 22nd and encamped at Davenport's Mill, where my command is now stationed.

The bearing of both officers and men during the entire conflict and subsequent movements was admirable, and it gives me great pleasure to mention the valuable services of Adjt. W. J. Buchanan, who was always where duty called him, and who was particularly useful to me during the engagement on the 19th.

L. G. WILLCOX,

Captain, Commanding Third Michigan Cavalry.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL, First Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Numbers 38.

Report of Major General Edward O. C. Ord, U. S. Army, commanding Left Wing, Army of the Tennessee.

CARLISLE, PA., October 15, 1862.

GENERAL: Frequent and continued movements have hitherto prevented my reporting the operations of the left wing of the army before Iuka between the 16th and 20th of September:

It having been reported on the 16th by Colonel Mower, commanding at Burnsville, that General Price was threatening from the direction of

