
ward Burnsville and the north, and that their skirmishers and ours had been engaged all day within 4 miles of Burnsville. You expressed the opinion that General Rosecrans was from last accounts from him too far from Iuka for us to attack on our front until further information was received as to his whereabouts, which was manifestly true. At the same time you directed me to move my whole force forward to within 4 miles of Iuka, and there await sounds of an engagement between Rosecrans and the enemy before engaging the latter. About 6 p. m., after you had given me these orders and I had issued directions accordingly, the following dispatch was received from General Ross, in charge of the advance division about 7 miles from Iuka:

SEPTEMBER 19, 1862-4 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

For the last twenty minutes there has been a dense smoke arising from the direction of Iuka. I conclude that the enemy are evacuating and destroying the stores.

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General.

The night, in accordance with your orders, my whole force was moved up to within 4 miles of Iuka, except McArthur's division, and the next morning at 8 o'clock, hearing guns in front of us, I moved rapidly into Iuka and found it had been evacuated drying the night. The guns heard that morning (the 20th, 8 a. m.) were the first heard by us, although on the afternoon of the 19th the head of General Rosecrans' column had engaged the enemy 2 miles south of Iuka about the time that General Ross reported a smoke in the direction of Iuka. The wind, freshly blowing from us in the direction of Iuka during the whole of the 19th, prevented our hearing the guns and co-operating with General Rosecrans.

My loss during the approach was 1 man wounded. We took 11 prisoners and wounded 3 of the enemy during the skirmishing of the advance.

Every officer and soldier of the command showed a zeal and energy highly commendable, and nothing but retreat was felt and expressed when it was learned on the 20th that General Rosecrans' column had had a fight and we were not by to share it, thigh every effort was made to do so consistent with the information possessed of General Rosecrans' movements.

Corinth still being threatened, you directed me to return with my whole force at once, leaving Crocker's brigade as a garrison in the town of Iuka, which I did.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

Numbers 39.

Report of Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the West, including operations since July 25.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Baldwyn, Miss., September 26, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to submit to the general commanding this department the following report of the operations of this army subse-

