
manding two regiments of cavalry, for the particulars of which I must refer you to his report.

The brunt of the battle of Iuka fell upon Hebert's brigade, and nobly did it sustain it, and worthily of its accomplished commander and of the brigade which numbers among its forces the ever-glorious Third Louisiana, the Third Texas Dismounted Cavalry, and Whitfield texas Legion. The Third Louisiana and the Third Texas had already fought under my eyes at the Oak Hills and at Elkhorn. No men have ever fought more bravely or more victoriously than they, and the who can say hereafter "I belonged to the Third Louisiana or the Third Texas" need never blush in my presence. In this the hardest-fought fight which I have ever witnessed they well sustained their bloodily won reputation, as the accompanying report of the killed and wounded will testify. The commanding officer of each regiment-Lieutenant-Colonel Gilmore and Colonel Mabry-was severely wounded. Brave men were never more bravely commanded.

Whitfield's Legion not only took a battery with the aid of the Third Texas, but fully established on this occasion its right to stand side by side with the veteran regiments already named, and won under their gallant leader a reputation for dashing boldness and steady courage which places them side by side with the braves and the best. I regret that they are to lose in the impending conflicts the leadership of their able commander, Colonel John W. Whitfield, who was painfully wounded, though not dangerously.

General Hebert very well says in his report:

Where all have done their duty, where officers and soldiers have displayed unparalleled bravery, determination, and fortitude, no discrimination cam be made. Under my personal supervision no one faltered, no one hesitated to meet the foe, even in a hand-to-hand conflict. I must, however, put into the position of brave and true men the small numbers of the Fourteenth and Seventeenth Regiments of Arkansas Infantry, upon whom past circumstances had cast a doubt. Nobly, heroically have they proved themselves true patriots and brave soldiers. They have placed themselves above suspicion-above accusation.

Colonel Colbert's regiment (the Fortieth Mississippi) also proved its worthiness to take its place in this brave brigade, the command of which has by the fortunes of war been already devolved upon its intelligent and brave colonel.

King's battery, which was the only one brought into action on our side, demonstrated its willingness and its ability to sustain the reputation which it had gained under its former captain, the lamented young S. Churchill Clark.

Two regiments-the Thirty-sixth Mississippi and Thirty-seventh Alabama-of Martin's brigade, were sent to the support of General Hebert's left wing, and were gallantly led by and fought bravely under their brigade, commander, Colonel John D. Martin. Colonel Dowdell and Lieutenant-Colonel Greene, of the Thirty-seventh Alabama, were both wounded, the former slightly, the latter severely. The other two regiments of Martin's brigade-the Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth Mississippi-were detached for the support of General Hebert's right, and were advancing steadily when the Thirty-eighth, coming suddenly upon a masked battery, was thrown into some confusion, from which it soon recovered.

Hebert's brigade lost in the action 63 killed and 299 wounded; Martin's brigade, 22 killed and 95 wounded.

It will thus be seen that our success was obtained at the sacrifice of many a brave officer and patriot soldier. Chief among them was Brigadier General Henry Little, commanding the First Division of this army. Than

