
yards from the left of the Third Regiment Texas Cavalry, and after the firing commenced was continuously under fire until the action closed.

The officers and men of my command generally behaved well, and some with distinguished coolness and gallantry.

A battery of the enemy was so planted as to cover my front with its right, its left extending across the front of the Third Texas, and my command moved up to the guns in its front, driving the enemy away, and my line was formed and maintained on the left of and near to the Third Texas Regiment and a few paces in front of some of the pieces of the battery from which the enemy had been driven. Several pieces of the battery were drawn off by details from my command.

My regiment went into the action with 3 field officers, 29 company officers, 46 non-commissioned officers, and 236 privates making an aggregate of 314 engaged; a reduction in the strength of the regiment occasioned by a heavy detail that had been made for picket duty and by large details to go from the lines for provisions, water, &amp;c., which had been ordered. The casualties consist of 1 captain, 2 corporals, and 7 privates killed; 1 captain dangerously (and it is supposed mortally) wounded, 1 lieutenant severely, 1 lieutenant slightly wounded, 3 sergeants severely, 2 sergeants slightly, 1 corporal severely, 1 corporal slightly wounded, 15 privates severely and 14 privates slightly wounded, 1 sergeant, 1 corporal, and 19 privates missing; making an aggregate of 10 killed, 39 wounded, and 21 missing; showing the total loss of the regiment to have been 70 in killed, wounded, and missing.

Respectfully submitted.

W. B. COLBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Fortieth Mississippi Regiment.

Numbers 44.

Report of Colonel J. W. Whitfield, First Texas Legion.

CAMP, NEAR ABBEVILLE, MISS.,

November 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Owing to the wound which I received in the battle of Iuka on September 19 last I have been unable sooner to make my report of the part performed by the First Texas Legion, under my command, in that battle.

On the afternoon of Friday, September 19, we formed in line of battle about 1 mile south of the town, on the Bay Springs road, the enemy approaching in large force. Soon after getting in position I was ordered to move my command in the direction of the enemy, which was then about 300 yards off. After having advanced about 100 paces the enemy opened a very heavy fire upon me with grape and canister from their artillery, besides a shower of balls from their small-arms. Under this galling fire my command moved on, and when within about 150 yards of the enemy I discovered that unless the battery was immediately silenced the result might be most disastrous, and gave the command to charge, which was responded to by loud cheers from my command and the gallant Third Texas Cavalry, being then dismounted, and at a double-quick they moved up and captured the six-gun battery, which, I

