
am informed by one of the lieutenants, had been charged eight times before in different fights unsuccessfully, killing and wounding the greater portion of the men and nearly all the horses, and capturing several men and officers, among whom was a colonel, and driving back their entire line in great confusion. During this charge Captain Whitfield, of Company D, acting as major, discovered that the enemy had thrown out a regiment to flank us on our right; ordered Companies D, K, and M to charge them, which they did in gallant style, putting them to flight and driving them 200 or 300 yards. It was in this move that First Lieutenant William W. Townsend killed the colonel of the enemy's regiment with a dragoon pistol. When I ordered the charge the gallant Lieutenant Colonel John Griffith, of the Seventeenth Arkansas Regiment, and the officers in command of the Fourteenth Arkansas Regiment, hearing and recognizing my voice, moved up with their commands in beautiful order on a three gun battery on my left.

About an hour after the charge, it being then dark, we were ordered to the rear.

In this short but hotly-contested charge I sustained a loss in killed and wounded of 106 officers and men, most of whom fell at or immediately about the battery.

I cannot close this report without making special mention of the gallant and brave Lieutenant W. F. F. Wynn, of Company A, who was mortally wounded while standing with his hands on one of the guns he had so nobly helped to capture, and returning thanks both for myself and the country to every officer and man under my command for the part they so nobly performed in this ever-to-be-remembered contest.

My thanks are especially due to Adjt. R. J. Brailsford, Sergt. Major H. C. Searcy, and J. J. Wilbourn for their efficient services rendered me on the field in conveying my orders promptly and correctly, as well as for their gallant and cool demeanor during the entire engagement.

Surg. J. J. Roberts and Actg. Asst. Surg. J. Y. Bradfield deserve my thanks for the prompt and efficient services rendered the wounded, being ever ready and anxious to render any assistance in their power, regardless of personal danger.

I herewith inclose a list* of the casualties of the fight in my Legion.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. W. WHITFIELD,

Colonel, Commanding First Texas Legion.

Captain W. D. Hardeman,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

Respectfully returned.

Commanding officer Army of the West will use this report as he may desire, General Van Dorn having nothing to do with the Army of the West at that time.

By order of General Van Dorn:

M. M. KIMMEL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See p. 127.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XVII

