
Thirty-seventh Mississippi were on the right of the road across which the line was formed, and we were separated from the commander of the brigade. Soon after the line of battle was formed General Little said to me that he wished the two regiments on the right to advance, and cautioned me not to fire, from the fact that General Hebert's command was just in front of us. My command moved steadily forward till we reached the top of the hill, when an order was given by some one in the road to halt. General Little had told me to keep the left of my command near the road, and having seen him on the left in the road I supposed the order came from him. The regiment halted and remained under a heavy fire for some time on the hill, when a command remained under a heavy fire for some time on the hill, when a command was given by some one on the left back. I asked who the command came from, but was unable to ascertain. This regiment fell back some 50 or 60 yards with but little confusion, and were rapidly formed in line again by myself, with the assistance of the field and company officers. We moved forward again under order to join with General Whitfield's command, but about this time the firing ceased in our front, and it becoming dark, I halted and remained in that position until some time in the night. I had been unable to find General Whitfield's command.

My command never fired a shot, because I had been so ordered, but it was under a very heavy fire, and acted with but few exceptions with coolness and courage.

I regret being separated from my brigade commander, because it left me without orders and in a very embarrassing situation.

After the fighting had ceased all along the line, and having had my knee badly hurt, I turned over the command to my lieutenant-colonel and reported to the brigade commander, who advised me to go to camp, which I did, and from the injury have since been unfit for duty.

I am, colonel, respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. W. ADAMS,

Colonel, Commanding Thirty-eighth Mississippi.

Colonel J. D. MARTIN,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

Numbers 51.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel P. Brent, Thirty-eighth Mississippi Infantry.

CAMPT LITTLE, September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Mississippi Regiment in the battle of Iuka:

We were formed in line of battle near the enemy's position, and in a few moments were ordered by General Little to take a battery in front of us. The regiment advanced gallantry to the charge until it reached the top of a hill in full view of the enemy's battery, when it was halted and ordered to lie down. The regiment remained in this position, exposed to the fire of the enemy's battery, until it was ordered to fall back. At this command a portion of the regiment fell back in confusion, the remainder in good order. The officers succeeded in rallying the regiment and forming a new line on the ground from which it had originally advanced and a forward movement was again made, but in consequence

