
of the fall of General Little and the approaching darkness nothing more could be accomplished. I send herewith a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the regiment.

P. BRENT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-eighth Regiment Miss. Vols.

Captain McDONALD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

CAMP LITTLE,

Baldwyn, Miss., September 23, 1862.

Captain McDONALD:

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the casualties of the Thirty-eighth Regiment Mississippi Volunteers in the late action at Iuka:

Company A, none; Company B, 4 men missing; Company C, 2 men missing; Company D, 4 men missing; Company E, 2 killed, one severely wounded-knee; Company F, 2 killed, one slightly wounded-head; Company G, 5 missing; Company H, 4 missing; Company I, 1 severely, 1 mortally wounded, 6 missing; Company K, 6 missing.

P. BRENT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Thirty-eight Regiment Miss. Vols.

Numbers 52.

Report of Brigadier General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding Division.
HDQRS. MAURY'S DIVISION, ARMY OF THE WEST,Camp Little, September 24, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that this division marched for Iuka on the morning of the 11th instant and arrived there on the 14th instant.

On the 16th instant I commenced moving the division nearer to Burnsville. The enemy threw forward a force which opened fire on my troops within half a mile of Iuka. They were driven back by the Sharpshooters, commanded by Colonel Rogers and Major Rapley, and by two squadrons of Colonel Wirt Adams' cavalry. Our loss was 5 slightly wounded.

The division advanced steadily, took position, and lay on arms and executed a daring and completely successful ambuscade within 1 1/2 miles of Burnsville. They captured and destroyed a train of cars, taking--prisoners and killing and wounding more that 20 of the enemy's cavalry.

On the 19th it was resolved to return with this army to the railroad, and preparations were made accordingly.

In the evening the enemy, believed to be under General Rosecrans, advanced in force along the Jacinto road and attacked Little's division with energy. I was ordered to withdrawn my division to the town in order to support Little, which I did. The enemy, believed to be under General Grant, having advanced along the Burnsville and Eastport roads, occupied the ground which had been the position of my division.

