
At 2 o'clock in the morning orders were given to move off the baggage and to withdrawn the army from its position. Phifer's brigade was sent in advance with the train and I was ordered to cover the movements of the army with Cabell's and Barry's brigades. By daylight I had taken position with these brigades on the heights east of the town. The train and the army marched past me, and by order of the general commanding I withdrew from my position at 8 a. m. and marched in rear of the army. The enemy followed us feebly, with cavalry chiefly, which was held in check all the time by the cavalry, under General Armstrong, covering my rear.

About 2 p. m., while halted at a point about 8 miles from Iuka, the pursuing enemy was drawn into an ambuscade, admirably planned and executed by General Armstrong, Colonel Rogers, and Captain Bledsoe. They received the fire of the Second Texas Sharpshooters; of Bledsoe's battery, with canister, at short range; were charged by McCullloch's cavalry, and were utterly routed. Our loss was 1 killed and 3 wounded. Theirs was of necessity much greater. During the remainder of the march to this place they ventured within range no more.

I arrived here at dark on the 22nd instant. The troops have without exception conducted themselves on every occasion as disciplined soldiers.

I desire to acknowledge the great efficiency and skill with which the cavalry forces were handled. My rear and flanks were always securely covered and constant information was given of every movement of the enemy from the moment of our arrival at Iuka until of our return to this point.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 53.

Report of J. W. Gillespie, Ordnance Officer.
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,Iuka, Miss., September 19, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of ordnance and ordnance stores captured from the enemy at this place:

Stands of small-arms........................... 295

Rounds small-arm ammunition.................... 18,500

Rounds artillery ammunition.................... 10

Pairs privates' epaulettes [scales?]........... 600

Knapsacks...................................... 100

Most of the guns captured are in good condition and ready for service. I have also taken from the captured property 19 tarpaulins for the ordnance wagons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. GILLESPIE,

Ordnance Officer, Maury's Division.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

