
SEPTEMBER 19, 1862.-Skirmish at Peyton's Mill. Miss.*

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Colonel W. C. Falkner, First Mississippi Partisan Rangers.

Numbers 1.

Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY,Camp, near Barnett's, September 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report (complying with Colonel Mizner's order to proceed to Peyton's Mill, from there on the Russellville road to main Fulton road, and thence via Thompson's house to Barnett's) that I moved with my regiment at 6 o'clock this morning from Jacinto to Peyton's Mill. Two miles this side of Peyton's Mill began skirmishing with the pickets. Drove them into the mill and engaged a regiment of dismounted cavalry. After a sharp firing of twenty minutes routed the enemy. The enemy, falling back into a swamp, escaped with nearly all their wounded, leaving 3 dead and 2 mortally wounded. Captured 6 prisoners. Them moved forward to main Fulton road, and from there to Thompson's Corners. Near there found tents and commissary stores, which we burned, with 2 wagons of the enemy. Then moved west to Barnett's to camp.

Very respectfully, yours,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry.

W. A. MARTIN, Lieutenant and A. A. A. G., Cavalry Division.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel W. C. Falkner, First Mississippi Partisan Rangers.
HDQRS. FIRST MISSISSIPPI PARTISAN RANGERS,Bay Springs, Miss., September 20, 1862.

SIR: I was attacked at Peyton's Mill on yesterday at noon by the enemy, supposed to be about 1,000 strong. They were deployed in the woods as skirmishers and poured a destructive fire upon us and a little confusion ensued, but we formed a line and returned the fire. A brisk fire was kept up on both sides for a half hour, when I ordered a charge, enemy had fled and reformed on the other side of the creek. The enemy had a decided natural advantage of us.

Our loss was 1 lieutenant, 1 sergeant, and 3 men killed, and 10 men wounded. I saved all my baggage.

We killed and wounded a goodly number of the enemy; and I am happy to say that with few exceptions my men behaved very well.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

W. C. FALKNER,

Colonel First Mississippi Rangers.

General PRICE.

---------------

*See report of Colonel John K. Mizner of the battle of Iuka.

---------------

