
miles south of Iuka, on the main Fulton road; attacked and drove their rear 4 miles, when, the enemy's skirmishers falling back rapidly, my men were drawn upon a masked battery, with a support of two regiments of infantry and a strong reserve of cavalry. My men, being dismounted, dropped flat upon the ground, the guns and volleys of the enemy's infantry playing over them, not hurting a man. The enemy's cavalry charged the moment the firing ceased. The charge was repulsed, our men falling back fighting in the timber to my reserve of mounted men. Learning the enemy had run two of his guns up, fell back, the enemy keeping up a fire of grape and canister down the road until out of range. I then formed four companies of my mounted rifles (to receive cavalry charge) in rear of fence to open fields, when the enemy charged in force over the fields and was repulsed with loss, when the enemy again ran up his guns, forcing us back to another position, where we again prepared to receive a cavalry charge. Our infantry coming up rapidly, the enemy retreated. We captured 10 prisoners, 300 to 400 stand of arms, and a wagon. When we were repulsed we destroyed them.

Our loss is very slight; 6 wounded and 3 horses killed. Captain Egbert had his horse killed under him.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry.

W. A. MARTIN,

Lieutenant and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cavalry Division.

SEPTEMBER 20-22, 1862.-Expedition from Bolivar to Grand Junction and La Grange, Tenn., and skirmish.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Jacob G. Lauman, U. S. Army, First Brigade, Fourth Division, District of West Tennessee.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Silas Noble, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 3.-Major John J. Mudd, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Jacob G. Lauman, U. S. Army, First Brigade, Fourth Division, District of West Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,Bolivar, Tenn., September 22, 1862.

GENERAL: We left our camp, 5 miles north of Grand Junction, on Sunday morning, between 7 and 8 o'clock, having previously sent forward the cavalry to Grand Junction and La Grange, and proceeded slowly until we arrived within 2 miles of the Junction, where I halted the column to let it close up. While resting here Major Mudd came in from La Grange with information that he saw there a large body of infantry and cavalry moving on the La Grange road toward our rear with the evident intention of cutting off our train. Having previously received information that a large force was at Davis' Mills, I without a moment's delay ordered the train to fall back, following it closely with my main column. We passed the railroad crossing

