
When the column next moved I occupied the ground for half an hour after the whole train had passed out of sight, during which time we could see the rebel forces slowly advancing across the field to the southwest of the ont of timber on our right flank when in line. Finding they had all passed into the timber, and deeming the position no longer safe, I withdrew my little force and again took my place in the rear of the column. After crossing Spring Creek, in obedience to orders from General Lauman I dispatched Captain Higgins, with 40 men, to reconnoiter to the left, and myself, with a small squad of men, watched the road at the edge of the timber. Captain Higgins reported all clear for 2 miles west. I sent my company to a suitable point to feed, and remained in the rear for an hour and a half the column had passed, seeing no signs of the enemy, when I received your orders to follow, which I did, bringing up the rear, and arriving in camp at 9 p. m. without the loss of a man.

To the admirable order preserved by the commanders of companies we are indebted for the safety of the men for so long a time in the immediate presence of an advancing enemy. No stragglers were out. With such officers straggling would go out of fashion, and to them I am much indebted for their promptness in carrying out my orders; also to my men for the cheerful alacrity with which every command was obeyed.

I have to report the loss of two horses by Company M; one killed by a fall and the other disabled and left.

I wish to report the carbine cartridges now furnished us as being of very poor quality. They shake to pieces in riding, and at the end of each day's march many of the men find instead of cartridges only a mixed mass of powder, ball, and paper.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN J. MUDD,

Major, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel SILAS NOBLE,

Commanding Second Illinois Cavalry.

SEPTEMBER 25, 1862.-Skirmish at Davis' Bridge, Hatchie River, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Major General Edward O. C. Ord, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel John McDermott, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Major General Edward O. C. Ord, U. S. Army.

JACKSON, September 27, 1862.

SIR: I have turned over the command at Corinth to General Rosecrans, with my old division still there, until you can designate where they shall go. A scout of McArthur's cavalry, 270 strong, under Lieutenant-Colonel McDermott, was surprised by about 200 guerrillas on the Hatchie, 8 miles west of Chewalla, at Davis' Bridge. Just at dark on the 25th the horses were unsaddled and men scattered, cutting corn.

