
No guards out. About 100 escaped that night, including Captain Ford's company, which had just arrived and was not unsaddled. After McDermott, Ford, and the major of the Eleventh Illinois had retreated in great haste and confusion a captain rallied some 50 men on a ford and sent for help, which was sent them yesterday.

I shall quarter here; inspect Bolivar and the railroad to-morrow.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

Major-General GRANT, Columbus.

Numbers 2.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John McDermott, Fifteenth Michigan Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY,Chewalla, Tenn., September 25, 1862-10 p. m.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the cavalry expedition under my command halted at Davis' Bridge, across the Hatchie River, at sundown, dismounted, and prepared to encamp for the night. On dismounting we found we were inclosed on three sides by the enemy's infantry and cavalry in overwhelming numbers. A hot fire ensued, and continued until we, after a hard contest, cut our way out and rallied the men; but being pursued, i thought proper to fall back on Chewalla. My command consisted of 200 men of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry and 90 men of Captain Ford's cavalry company.

From the confusion arising in the dark I am unable to form an idea of our loss, but it must be large.

I respectfully ask for re-enforcements and wait further orders.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. McDERMOTT,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

General McARTHUR,

Commanding Sixth Division, Corinth, Miss.

SEPTEMBER 25, 1862.-Burning of Randolph, Tenn.

Report of Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH DIVISION,Memphis, September 26, 1862.

SIR: Nothing of interest here. I hear that Breckinridge with his Kentuckians, some 3,000, have started for Kentucky via Jackson, Chattanooga, and Bragg's route. Also that about 10,000 of the enemy have started for Rienzi to re-enforce Price after the fight at Iuka had been heard from. All these things doubtless reach you direct.

The regular packet Eugene, from Saint Louis, with passengers and stores (not public), landed on Tuesday at the town of Randolph, and came near falling into the possession of a band of guerrillas and was fired into by some 25 to 40 of the band. I immediately sent a regiment up with orders to destroy the place, leaving one house and such others only as might be excepted in case of extraordinary forbearance on part

