
of owner. The regiment has returned and Randolph is gone. It is no use tolerating such acts as firing on steamboats. Punishment must be speedy, sure, and exemplary, and I feel assured this will meet your views. I would not do wanton mischief or destruction, but so exposed are our frail boats, that we must protect them by all the terrors by which we can surround such acts of vandalism as decoying them tot he shore and firing on them regardless of the parties on board.

That boat was laden with stores for the very benefit of families some of whose members are in arms against us, and it was an outrage of the greatest magnitude that people there or in connivance with them should fire on an unarmed boat.

The town was of no importance, but the example should be followed up on all similar occasions. I will send full reports as soon as Colonel [Charles C.] Walcutt reports. All were here.

I am, with great respect, yours,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS, Corinth, Miss.

SEPTEMBER 28-OCTOBER 5, 1862.-Expedition from Columbus, Ky., to Covington, Durhamville, and Fort Randolph, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Frederick A. Starring, Seventy-second Illinois Infantry, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SECOND ILLINOIS INFANTRY Regiment,Columbus, Ky., October 6, 1862.

GENERAL: In accordance with orders from Brigadier General I. F. Quinby, September 26, 1862, a copy of which is furnished herewith, marked A,* four companies Seventy-second Illinois Regiment, numbering 240 men, were embarked on board steamer Tecumseh for an expedition under my command, as per instructions and orders from General Quinby, to proceed down the Mississippi River to Island Numbers 10 and New Madrid, to take on board a section of artillery and two companies of cavalry, then to proceed to a point at or near Gayoso Landing, Mo., march out across the "Sunk Lands" swamp to West Prairie, Clarkson, Hawkins' Island, and other places, to break up, capture, or disperse several parties of guerrillas and marauders said to be in the neighborhood in large force, with orders if we got short of rations to live off the country-prominent secessionists-giving if necessary proper receipts for what was taken.

After command was embarked and as steamer was about to leave a letter, copy of which is furnished herewith, marked B,* with the following order indorsed thereon, was received:

ORDER.] HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Columbus, Ky., September 27, 1862.

Colonel Starring, with the force under his command, will proceed first to Fort Randolph, stopping at Fort Pillow for information, after which he will proceed on expedition first ordered.

By order Brigadier-General Quinby, commanding district:

M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

10 R R-VOL XVII

