
examination to Major Strickland, commanding post. Horses, mules, and other property not names herein, confiscated by command of Major Strickland, were also properly turned over by him to post quartermaster.

On the morning of October 2 the cavalry and artillery were embarked on transport and proceeded to Fort Randolph, where an expedition was met from Memphis, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Loudon, with artillery and detachment of Seventieth Ohio Infantry, on transport steamer Ohio Belle, with United States gunboat Pittsburg as convoy. They were under orders from Major-General Sherman to proceeded up the river to Fort Pillow, take away all serviceable heavy guns from Fort Randolph and vicinity, look out for guerrillas, &amp;c.

Returned to Fort Pillow, where the detachment of the Seventy-second Illinois Infantry re-embarked. Transport proceeded up the river. On return, October 3, landed cavalry and mounted men (artillery) under command of Captains De Golyer and Moore, some 15 miles below Gayoso, with orders to scout the country and join the steamer at that place. They returned late in the evening, having captured the notorious Captain Cloud, 2 other prisoners, also 4 horses, one of which broke away and was lost in the woods. Dispatch steamer Meteor landed alongside of us here at Gayoso late in the evening, with General Steele on board, and proceeded down the river for Memphis.

Learning from the cavalry that a company of guerrillas were in the vicinity of Island Numbers 21 watching for a boat, we started after them, but the steamer becoming disabled, were obliged to abandon the trip.

Having been absent from Columbus much longer than was anticipated or intended, many officers and men being sick and foot-sore, the force not considered adquated or now prepared for the expedition first ordered, and having learned also from General Steele the absence of troops from Columbus, it was deemed best to return to that place with as little delay as possible.

Proceeded again on the return up the river; landed the platoon Co. L, Second Illinois Cavalry, at Tiptonville (to proceed across to Island Numbers 10); the section of artillery and cavalry Co. D at New Madrid on evening of October 4; arrived at Columbus Ky., about 3 p. m. Sunday, October 5, having been absent eight days; reported at headquarters, and returned the infantry to their regimental camp near Fort Halleck.

To Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, Major Strickland, Captain De Golyer, and the officers and men under their command, with platoon of cavalry company L, I have to return my thanks for strict attention to duty and valuable service rendered. Captain Frank Moore's company (D), Second Illinois Cavalry, also rendered good service in scouting and as advance and rear guard; but some of the men, I am sorry to say, behaved more like brigands than soldiers. They robbed an old negro man, who kept Gaines' Ferry, when we crossed on return from Covington, of some $19; that, too, after he had assisted in ferrying them over, charging them nothing. He could not identify the men. I was informed that some eight of them robbed an old widow woman, about 10 miles from Fort Pillow, of $13 in silver-all she had. Some of them stole a coat and bridle from and old man near Gayoso Landing, after he had furnished them dinner, charging them nothing, and claimed to be loyal.

I had also great trouble in getting horses they had taken properly turned over to the quartermaster at Fort Pillow. They, it appears, own their horses and receive 40 cents per day for their use and risk. Some of them changed saddles, turned in their own horses, taking fine animals that had been confiscated, and endeavored to claim them as

