
their own. Five taken in that manner were identified by Major Strickland and turned over to quartermaster at Fort Pillow; he supposed two more were in the company not identified. One of the lot had been taken from a Union man; another horse was taken in Missouri. They also got some rubber blankets-changed woolen blankets; took some blankets, a few coats, and other articles from the infantry on the steamer. I will state that Captain Moore claimed not to know of these actions of his men; thought it could not be possible; but in officer ought to know what his men have and what they do.

I have also to mention an unfortunate occurrence where the man Rose was arrested, as reported to me by Captain De Golyer. A Captain Hill, of Jackson's rebel cavalry; finding it impossible, he surrendered himself to Captain De Golyer, and while talking with him one of Captain Moore's men, Private Gottleib Lippold, came up in an excited manner, said to Captain Hill, "Point your pistol at me, d-n you," and fired at him, the ball entering the thigh, making a serious flesh wound. Captain Moore, when he came up, said his man had done right; "He ought to have shot him through the head." I reprimanded Captain Moore. He seemed to think his man was right.

I mention the fact that the matter, if necessary, can e thoroughly investigated. Of the acts here stated of Captain Moore's company none came under my personal observation except the turning over of the horses at Fort Pillow. The others were reported by officers whose veracity I cannot doubt.

I would remark that I deem it almost impossible to capture or catch the guerrillas of Tennessee, Missouri, or Kentucky with infantry. They are well mounted, keep themselves thoroughly apprised of all our movements by regular system or sort of pony express, sending word, signalizing their neighbors, signs on trees, bushes in the roads, &amp;c. Unless they have superior force and all the advantage they manage to keep out of the way or scatter and become peaceful farmers and citizens until the danger is past.

Please find herewith, marked C, list of prisoners* turned over to provost-marshal at Columbus, with charges against them, as furnished by Major Strickland, Captains De Golyer and Moore.

Respectfully submitting the foregoing, I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

F. A. STARRING,

Colonel Seventy-second Illinois Infantry,

Commanding Detachment U. S. Troops.

Brigadier General GRENVILLE M. DODGE,

Commanding Fourth Division, West Tennessee, Columbus, Ky.

OCTOBER 1, 1862.-Skirmish at Ruckersville, Miss.

Report of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi.

CORINTH, October 2, 1862.

SIR: The cavalry took 50 privates, 1 captain, and chaplain prisoners at Ruckersville yesterday, after killing 1 and wounding several. Cap-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

