
A young man who lives 3 miles from here on the road they left by states that he was concealed in the bushes as they passed and saw several dead and wounded men, and heard them remark that they lost 11 killed and 13 wounded.

A man named young, who lives near the switch, reports that they were Falkner's cavalry, commanded by Colonel Falkner, who told him he would have to go with him. In the excitement he escaped.

We found 7 cavalry sabers, 5 guns, 8 or 10 bloody coats, and 30 or 40 hats and caps. Seven companies were represented by letters on the caps found. Young reports that the whole regiment was there. We replaced the single rail they tore up and mended the wire before sunrise the next morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PATRICK H. McCAULEY,

Captain.

Major-General ROSECRANS, Commanding at Corinth, Miss.

OCTOBER 3, 1862.-Affair near La Fayette Landing, Tenn.

Report of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

FORT HENRY, October 5, 1862.

SIR: A scouting party from my command, under Major Brackett, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, when beyond La Fayette, during the night of the 3rd instant, were fired upon by rebels and 1 man killed; the fire was returned, and 1 rebel lieutenant named Maddern killed. The rebels fled in confusion, but could not be followed owing to dense fog.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General GRANT.

OCTOBER 3-12, 1862.-Battle of Corinth, Miss., and pursuit of the Confederate forces.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Oct.-3-4, 1862.-Battle of Corinth, Miss.

4, 1862.-Skirmish near Middleton, Tenn.

5, 1862.-Engagement at Hatchie (or Davis') Bridge, Big Hatchie, or Metamora, Tenn.

Skirmishes near Chewalla and Big Hill, Tenn.

Attack on camp of the "Union Brigade" at Corinth, Miss.

7, 1862.-Skirmish near Box Ford, Hatchie River, Miss.

Skirmish near Ruckersville, Miss.

Skirmish near Ripley, Miss.

REPORTS, ETC.*

Numbers 1.-Major General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Tennessee, of operations October 3-12, including correspondence with the General-in-Chief and congratulatory orders.

---------------

*Of the battle of Corinth when not otherwise indicated.

---------------

