
Numbers 102.-Colonel John D. Stevenson, Seventh Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations October 3-12.

Numbers 103-Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of operations October 3-12.

ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE (CONFEDERATE).

Numbers 104.-Organization of the Confederate Army of West Tennessee at the battle of Corinth.

Numbers 105.-Major General Earl Van Dorn, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the West Tennessee, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge and operations August 30-October 12.

Numbers 106.-Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces October 3- 5.

Numbers 107.-Colonel William H. Jackson, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, Chief of Cavalry, of operations October 3-7.

Numbers 108.-Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the West, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge and operations September 27-October 5.

Numbers 109.-Brigadier General Matin E. Green, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade and First Division, including the engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 110.-Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Hawkins, First Texas Legion, Second Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 111.-Brigadier General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding Division, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 112.-Captain Edward H. Cummins, C. S. Army, Acting Inspector- General, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 113.-Brigadier General John C. Moore, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 114.-Brigadier General William L. Cabell, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 115.-Major General Mansfield Lovell, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, District of the Mississippi, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 116.-Brigadier General Albert Rust, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 117.-Brigadier General John B. Villepigue, C. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 118.-Brigadier General John S. Bowen, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

Numbers 119.-Record of Court of Inquiry.

Numbers 1.

Reports of Major General U. S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Tennessee, of operations October 3-12, including correspondence with the General-in-Chief, and congratulatory orders.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS, Jackson, Tenn., October 4, 1862.

The rebels are now massing on Corinth in the northwest angle of the railroad. There was some fighting yesterday. Rosecrans informs me that his troops occupy from College Hill to Pittsburg road on the enemy's old works. General McPherson has gone with a fine brigade, raised from troops here and Trenton, to his relief; probably reached Corinth by 7 this morning. Hurlbut is moving on the enemy's flank from Bolivar. I have given every aid possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

