
JACKSON, TENN., October 8, 1862-9 a. m.

Rosecrans has followed rebels to Ripley. Troops from Bolivar will occupy Grand Junction to-morrow, with re-enfocements rapidly sent of from the new levies. I can take everything on the Mississippi Central road. I ordered Rosecrans back last night, but he is so averse to returning that I have directed him to remain still until you can be heard from.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

JACKSON, TENN., October 8, 1862.

Before telegraphing you this morning for re-enforcements to follow up our victories I ordered General Rosecrans to return. He shouted such reluctance that I consented to allow him to remain until you could be heard from it further re-enforcements could be had. On reflection I deem it idle to pursue farther without more preparation, and have for the third time ordered his return.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 8, 1862.

Why order a return of our troops? Why not re-enforce Rosecrans and pursue the enemy into Mississippi, supporting your army on the country?

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson, Tenn.

JACKSON, TENN., October 8, 1862-7.30 p. m.

An army cannot subsist itself on the country except in forage. They did not start out to follow for more than a few days, and are much worn out, and I have information not only that the enemy have reserves that are on their way to join their retreating columns, but they have fortifications to return to in case of need. The Mobile road is also open to the enemy to near Rienzi, and Corinth would be exposed by the advance. Although partial success might result from farther pursuit disaster would follow in the end. If you say so, however, it is not too late yet to go on, and I will join the moving column and go to the farthest extent possible. Rosecrans has been re-enforced with everything at hand, even at the risk of this road against raids.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

JACKSON, TENN., October 9, 1862.

Your dispatch received. Cannot answer it so fully as I would wish. Paroled now 813 enlisted men and 43 commissioned officers in good

