
from Bolivar to be made to cover the return of the Corinth forces. They went as far south as Davis' Mills, about 7 miles south of Grand Junction, drove a small rebel garrison from there, and entirely destroyed the railroad bridge at that place.

The accompanying reports show fully all the casualties and other results of these battles.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 88. Jackson, Tenn., October 7, 1862.

It is with heartfelt gratitude the general commanding congratulates the Armies of the West for another great victory won by them on the 3d, 4th and 5th instant, over the combined armies of Van Dorn, Price and Lovell.

The enemy chose his own time and place of attack, and knowing the troops of the West as he does, and with great facilities for knowing their number, never would have made the attack except with a superior force numerically. But for the undaunted bravery of offices and soldiers who have yet to learn defeat the efforts of the enemy must have proven successful.

Whilst one division of the army under Major-General Rosecrans was resisting and repelling the onslaught of the rebel hosts at Corinth another from Bolivar, under Major-General Hurlbut, was marching upon the enemy's rear, driving in their picket and cavalry, and attracting the attention of a large force of infantry and artillery. On the following day, under Major-General Ord, these forces advanced with unsurpassed gallantry, driving the enemy back and across the Hatchie over ground where it is almost incredible that a superior force should be driven by an inferior, capturing tow of his batteries (eight guns), many hundred small-embrace, and several hundred prisoners.

To these two divisions of the army all praise is due and will be awarded by a grateful country.

Between them there should be, and I trust is, the warmest bonds of brotherhood. Each was risking life in the same cause, and on this occasion risking it also to save and assist the other. No troops could do more than these separate armies. Each did all possible for it to do in the placed assigned it.

As in all great battles so in this, it becomes our fate to mourn the loss of many brave and faithful officers and soldiers who have given up their lives a sacrifice for a great principle. The nation mourns for them.

By command of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Numbers 89. Jackson, Tenn., October 9, 1862.

The following dispatch from the President of the United States of

