
forced into the open plantation, or cleared land, surrounding Morning Sun. They passed around the village, turning to the south and passing in sight of our troops but nearly three-fourths of a mile distant. As soon as they got into the open ground the stampede became nearly as great among them as it had previously been among the mules. About 100 of them, as above stated, fled in the greatest precipitancy to the northeast, while a greater proportion of them fled to the south, passing in front of our left wing, receiving the fire of that portion of the regiment under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Rice. It will be remembered that in our firing we faced by the rear rank during a great part of the action.

This ended the fighting, except a few shots fired at straggling rebels, but at such distance that it is not probable that they produced any effect. At the time Lieutenant-Colonel Rice was placed in command of the left wing it appears that a majority of the rebels were in his front.

We had 6 wagons damaged by the stampede of the mules, the poles or tongues of three of them being broken, the coupling, or reach, of another broken, the rounds of the front wheels of another, and some part of the running gear of the other injured. We lost 31 mules and a few sets of harness, a portion of the harness being cut by the rebels whose horses had been killed or disabled in the action, who took the mules to ride off in their haste to get beyond the reach of our guns.

The rebel loss, as nearly as can be ascertained, was 9 killed and 18 wounded; a total of 27. I have heard from rebel sources since the action that 21 were found lying on the field the day after the fight, which, if true, would swell the rebel loss to 37 killed and wounded. The attack was made upon us between 5 and 6 p.m. on the 30th of June, A. D.1862. We killed and disabled 6 rebel horses and captured 5 more.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men of the Fifty-seventh Ohio Regiment on that occasion. Lieutenant-Colonel Rice distinguished himself, as did Captain Wilson. In short, the entire regiment, or that portion of it present as an escort, could not have behaved better had they been veterans, for every officer and man seemed only anxious to do his duty, and no sign of fear or faltering was exhibited.

On our way from Memphis to Moscow returning we were watched closely by Jackson's cavalry. At Germantown Colonel Grierson kindly furnished an escort of 60 good cavalry, under command of Captain Boicourt. They accompanied us as far as La Fayette. Our advance guard saw rebel cavalry frequently on the way, but they did not attack us.

Very respectfully submitted by your obedient servant,

W. MUNGEN,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

M. L. SMITH,

Brigadier General, Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., Army West Tenn.

[Indorsement.]

HEADQUARTERS, Moscow, Tenn., July 9, 1862.

It affords me great pleasure to forward this report of Colonel Mungen. The successful defense of this train and heavy punishment inflicted on the enemy have prevented all annoyance to travel on the Memphis road since that event. It has also inspired the men with more confidence

