
when acting against the dreaded cavalry. I call to the notice of the general commanding the district the handsome conduct of Colonel Mungen, Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, Captain Wilson, and others.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding Fifth Division.

Captain JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., Memphis, Tenn.

JULY 1, 1862.-Action near Booneville, Miss.

REPORTS, ETC.

Number 1.-Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of

the Mississippi, with congratulatory order.

Number 2.-Brigadier General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Mississippi, with congratulatory

order.

Number 3.-Colonel Philip H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry, commanding

Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi, with congratulatory order.
HEADQUARTERS, July 1, 1862.

The following dispatch has been received from Colonel Sheridan at Booneville:

I was attacked this morning by from eight to ten regiments of cavalry, under command of General Chalmers, and have driven them back. They attacked my advanced guard about 2 miles southwest of Booneville, on the Blackland road. I immediately supported it by one battalion of my own regiment, and then sent additional supports. I then directed Captain Alger, with two companies of the Second Iowa and two companies of my own regiment, to charge them in the rear-this was handsomely done-and at the same time Major Coon, of the Second Iowa, with his battalion, to make a dash in front and on their left. This haltered the enemy very much and enabled me to hold them during the whole day. About 3.30 p.m. they commenced retreating. I regret that I am not able to follow them up. They have not arrived. I have just written to General Asboth that I will not need infantry support. You had better be the judge. The enemy will not again attack me to-day, and probably have retreated finally. My command behaved handsomely. I regret the loss of some officers and men; I do not as yet know how many. The enemy have been badly injured. This force came from Tupelo and Saltillo. I learn this, as well as their strength, from prisoners taken.

P. H. SHERIDAN,Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Number 81. July 2, 1862.

The general commanding announces to this army that on the 1st instant Colonel P. H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry, with eleven companies of the Second Michigan and eleven companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry, was attacked near Booneville by eight regiments of rebel

2 R R-VOL XVII

