
vanced again to the charge, led by Colonel Rogers, of the Second Texas. This time they reached the edge of the ditch, but the deadly musketry fire of the Ohio brigade again broke them, and at the word "Charge!" the Eleventh Missouri and Twenty-seventh Ohio sprang up and forward at them, chasing their broken fragments back to the woods. Thus by noon ended the battle of October 4.

After waiting for the enemy's return a short time our skirmishers began to advance and found that their skirmishers were gone from the field, leaving their dead and wounded. Having ridden over it and satisfied myself of the fact I road over all our lines, announcing the result of the fight in person, and notified our victorious troops that after two days of fighting,two almost sleepless nights of preparation, movement, and march, I wished them to replenish their cartridge-boxes, haversacks, an stomachs, take an early sleep, and start in pursuit by daylight. Returning from this, I found the gallant McPherson with a fresh brigade on the public square and gave him the same notice, with orders to take the advance.

The results of the battle briefly stated are: We fought the combined rebel forces of Mississippi, commanded by Van Dorn, Price, Lovell, Villepigue, and Rust in person, numbering, according to their own authorities, 38,000 men. We signally defeated them with little more than half their numbers, and they fled, leaving their dead and wounded on the field.

The enemy's loss in killed was 1,423 officers and men. Their loss in wounded, taking the general average, amount to 5,692. We took 2,268 prisoners, among whom are 137 field officers, captains, and subalterns, representing 53 regiments of infantry, 16 regiments of cavalry, 13 batteries of artillery, and 7 battalions, making 69 regiments, 7 battalions, and 13 batteries, besides separate companies. We took also 14 stand of colors, 2 pieces of artillery, 3,300 stand of small-arms, 45,000 rounds of ammunition, and a large lot of accouterments.

The enemy blew up several ammunition wagons between Corinth and Chewalla, and beyond Chewalla many ammunition wagons and carriages were destroyed, and the ground was strewn with tents, officers' Messchests, and small-arms.

We pursued them 40 miles in force and 60 miles with cavalry.

Our loss was only 315 killed, 1,812 wounded, and 232 prisoners and missing.*

It is said the enemy was so demoralized and alarmed at our advance that they set fire to the stores at Tupelo, but finding we were not close upon them, they extinguished the fire and removed the public stores, except two car loads of bacon, which they destroyed.

To signalize in this report all those officers and men whose actions in the battle deserve mention would unnecessarily lengthen this report. I must therefore refer to the sub-reports and special mentioners, and to a special paper herewith, wherein those most conspicuous, to the number of 109 officers and men, are mentioned.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revise statement, p. 176.

---------------

