
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, THIRD DIV., DISTRICT OF WEST TENN.

Numbers 152. Corinth, October 25, 1862.

Army of the Third Division of the District of West Tennessee.

The preliminary announcement of the results of the great battle, of Corinth was given to you on the battle-field by myself in person. I then proclaimed to you that "they were badly beaten at all points and had fled, leaving their dead and wounded on the field." When I told you to replenish your cartridge-boxes and haversacks, snatch a sleep after your two days' fighting and two nights of watching the movements, and be ready by the morning' dawn to follow the retreating foe, my heart beat high with pride and pleasure to the round and joyful response from your toil-worn and battle-stained ranks. Such a response was worthy such soldiers and of the country and cause for which they fought. I have now received the reports of the various commanders. I have now to tell you that the magnitude of the stake, the battle, and the results become more than ever apparent. Upon the issue of this fight depended the possession of West Tennessee, and perhaps even the fate of operations in Kentucky. The entire available force of the rebels in Mississippi, save a few garrisons and a small reserve, attacked you. They were commanded by Van Dorn, Price, villepigue, Rust, Armstrong, Maury, and others in person. They numbered, according to their own authorities, nearly 40,000 men, almost double your own numbers. You fought them in to the position we desired on the 3d, punishing them terribly; and on the 4th, in three hours after the infantry entered into action, they were completely beaten. You killed an buried 1,423 officers and men; some of their most distinguished officers falling, among whom was the gallant Colonel Rogers, of the Second Texas, who bore their colors at the head of his storming column to the edge of the ditch of Battery Robinett, where he fell. Their wounded at the usual rate must exceed 5,000. You took 2,268 prisoners, among whom are 137 field officers, captains, and subalterns, representing 53 regiments of infantry, 16 regiments of cavalry, 13 batteries, 7 battalions, besides several companies. You captured 3,300 stand of small-arms, 14 stand of colors, 2 pieces of artillery columns 40 miles in force with infantry and 60 miles with cavalry, and were ready to follow him to Mobile, if necessary, had you received orders.

I congratulate you on the decisive results. In the name of the Government and the people I thank you. I beg you to unite with me in giving thanks to the Great master of all for our victory. I would be to me a great pleasure to signalize in this general order those whose gallant deeds are recorded in the various reports, but their number forbids. I will only say that to Generals Hamilton, Stanley, McArthur, and Davies, to General Oglesby and Colonel Mizner, and the brigade and regimental commanders under them, I offer my thanks for the gallant and able manner in which they have performed their several duties. To the regimental commanders and chiefs of batteries and cavalry, and especially to Colonels Lee and Hatch, I present my thanks for their gallantry on the battle-field and in the pursuit. I desire especially to offer my thanks to General Davies and his division, whose magnificent fighting on the 3rd more than atones for all that was lacking on the 4th. To all the officers and soldiers of this army who bravely fought I offer

