
Numbers 4.

Report of Surg. Archibald B. Campbell, U. S. Army, Medical Director, Army of the Mississippi.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., October 24, 1862.

GENERAL: In anticipation of an engagement with the enemy on October 3, upon information derived from the Engineer Department I selected the large building recently constructed for a commissary depot as the place best protected by the nature of the ground and the safest for hospital purposes. The men furnished by the quartermaster worked expeditiously, and everything was prepared (medicines, instruments, cots, and buckets of water ready) some time before the first wounded man was brought in. It became evident in a short time that the building, although a very large one, would be altogether too small for their accommodation. According to your order, issued upon my recommendation, I then took possession of the Tishomingo Hotel, and, when it was full, of the Corinth House, as hospitals, preparations having been made in the morning for that purpose. All the surgeons worked faithfully and diligently, and by 6 o'clock the wounded were all comfortably disposed of and their wounds dressed.

At 3 o'clock next morning I received your order to remove all the wounded to Camp Corral. By 6 a. m. they were all collected into the new hospital. The ambulances then went to the scene of action to bring off those recently fallen.

I am particularly indebted to Surg. J. L. Crane, medical director of Stanley's division, who superintende the arranging and pitching of the tents, and to Surg. H. Wardner, medical director of Davies' division, who received and disposed of the wounded as they arrived on both days. I found upon the railroad platform a large number of tents, which I took possession of and used. The battle ceased just before noon, and by night all the wounded were under shelter, their wounds dressed, and provided with cots.

I have to compliment all the surgeons for their kindness, energy, and indefatigable endurance. Surg. E. Winchester, Fifty-second Illinois Regiment, in charge of the Corinth House; Surg. P. A. Carpenter, Fifth Iowa Regiment, in charge of the Tishomingo Hotel, and Acting Assistant Surgeon Swaving, at the commissary building, remained until the last man and all the property had been loaded an sent to the newly selected hospital.

The wounded, being thoroughly arranged and cared for, were turned over on Sunday morning, October 5, to the supervision of Surg. N. Gay, in charge of the general hospital. An ample supply of medical officers was left to take charge of them, and the surgeons of divisions and regiments, with one assistant to each regiment, reported back to their commands and joined in the pursuit of the enemy, which occupied from eight to ten days.

I have to state that there was neglect on the part of the rebel surgeons for their wounded. The surgeon placed by Van Dorn is charge of over 100 wounded left at Ripley neglected to make out a requisition, although repeatedly urged to do so, with the assurance from myself that all the needed supplies should be delivered to him within forty-eight hours. Everything that has been called for from their large hospital at Iuka and the other hospitals within our lines has been furnished them on

12 R R-VOL XVII

