
formation that the forces of Price, Van Dorn, Villepigue and Breckinridge had formed a junction at some point near Ripley. This evening orders were received to march the division though Kossuth to the Tuscumbia, and it was deemed advisable to send a part of Colonel Mower's brigade, by way of Hathie Bridge, to support a contemplated cavalry reconnaissance by Colonel Lee. The Eleventh Missouri was started at 9 p. m., and at daylight next morning, October 1, Colonel Mower, with the Twenty-sixth and Forty-seventh Illinois and Spoor's battery, followed. This force found no enemy. They marched 34 miles in twenty-for hours over a country almost destitute of water and came to the Tuscumbia very much fatigued. The First Brigade and the remainder of the Second, under my direction, reached the Tuscumbia on the evening of October 1. The enemy made a demonstration upon Kossuth this evening, ut it appears they were nothing but light troops.

The 2nd the division rested in camp, Colonel Kirby Smith being detached, with the Forty-third Ohio and part of the Eighth Wisconsin, to Kossuth. At midnight I received orders to move to Corinth, and at 7 o'clock in the morning the division was formed in parallel lines of battle, by battalions, in front of Whitfield's house, excepting the Fifth Minnesota, which was left to guard the Tuscumbia Bridge.

At 11 o'clock I moved, by order of the general commanding, changing front forward on the left, resting the left of the line on Redoubt D, an establishing communication with the division of General McKean. Shortly after I was called upon to support the division of General Davies, which had been engaged some hours between the Mobile and Memphis Railroad. The Second Brigade, Colonel Mower, was designated by the general commanding. These troops moved off promptly and with loud cheers, although sadly distressed for the want of water. This force consisted of the Twenty-sixth and Forty seventh Illinois, the Eleventh Missouri, the Eighth Wisconsin, and Spoor's battery. I accompanied the troops until fairly on the way to the see of fighting, and intrusting them to Colonel Mower, as safe and more experienced than myself in battle, I returned to the other part of my command. This brigade was soon engaged in fierce canters with the enemy and bore themselves with that gallantry they have always shown in battle. This fight was not under my observation, and I refer you to the report of Colonel they fought. Colonel Thrush fell in the action and many brave officers, and men were killed and wounded. Mention hereafter will be made of this rave young colonel. The division of General Davies being still pressed back, I was ordered, about 5.30 p. m., to support him with my whole division. The men being almost famished for water, Colonel Du Bois and myself deemed it best to get them water before engaging them, and before this was accomplished the action had ended for the day, the enemy retiring beyond cannon-shot. The men were now refreshed and prepared for the certain battle of the morrow morning.

At 10 o'clock at night I relieved the division of General Davies, and occupied, with two regiments of the Ohio brigade (the Forty-third and Sixty-third), the ground from the railroad cut to the Redoubt Robinett, an thence to the abatis on the right of the Chewalla road, the Eleventh Missouri in support. The Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Ohio faced north, looking over the fallen timber on the right of the road. Three regiments of the Second Brigade were posted to the left of the Redoubt Williams, facing west. The Fifth Minnesota had come up and was held in reserve in the town. The troops rested on their arms during the night.

