
cavalry under Chalmers, and after an eight-hours' fight defeated and drove them back, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. The coolness, determination, and fearless gallantry displayed by Colonel Sheridan and the officers and men of his command in this action deserve the thanks and admiration of the army.

The general commanding likewise takes occasion to signalize the gallantry of Colonel Minty, and the troops of the Third Michigan Cavalry, who under his command met and drove thrice their number of rebel cavalry toward Baldwyn, on the Blackland road, on the 14th ultimo; and to Major Moyers, Third Michigan Cavalry, of his command, with Company K, Seventh Illinois Cavalry, who attacked a rebel advance on Blackland and chased their cavalry to within 4 miles of Ellistown, on the 28th ultimo, killing, wounding, and taking prisoners.

He compliments Brigadier General G. Granger for the signal services the cavalry under his command have been and are still rendering to this army, and trusts that increasing ambition, care, watchfulness, and zeal for instruction, discipline, and order may add more to its efficiency and renown.

By order of General Rosecrans, U. S. Army:

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

Number 2. Report of Brigadier General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Cavalry Division, Army of the Mississippi, with congratulatory order.
HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS., July 5, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on July 1 the Second Brigade of my division, composed of the Second Iowa and Second Michigan Cavalry, under the command of Colonel P. H. Sheridan, was attacked by a force of the enemy's cavalry numbering 4,700 men. The engagement lasted from 8.30 a.m. until 3.30 p.m., when the enemy retreated, and were pursued by our troops for 4 miles. Our whole number engaged was but 728. Our loss was 41 killed, wounded, and missing. From many sources of information I learn the loss of the enemy was very severe, no less than 65 dead rebels having been picked up in front of our lines.

It affords me great pleasure to bring to your notice the excellent management of the troops by Colonel Sheridan and the bravery and coolness displayed by his officers and men. Their resistance to overpowering numbers was most stubborn, and I commend them to your especial consideration.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,G. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General W. L. ELLIOTT,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Mississippi.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,

Number 43. July 3, 1862.

The general commanding refers with pride to General Orders, Number 81, Headquarters Army of the Mississippi, July 2, 1862, which he directs to be published at the head of each company in this command.

