
guerrillas. Staid in camp at Sprites' on the 8th, and moved by the country road to Gurney's, 4 miles east of Ripley, on the 9th.

On the 10th marched to Hatchie Crossing of Ripley and Rienzi road; thence on a good by-road to the Nolin and Kossuth road, encamping at the Widos Wells'. The march from Hatchie to Widow Wells was in a drenching rain, and the night bivouac was very uncomfortable.

On the 11th came to Tuscumbia Crossing, and the 12th to this camp. We picked up stragglers each day, who were generally sent back to the nearest force, sometimes under guard; other times, when they had voluntarily come in, merely with a parole in pencil, always taking their description. My men marched will and straggled very little. The second day's march out, as is usual with soldiers after battle and hardship, some disposition to pillage was shown, which was most summarily suppressed.

The field officers of the regiments all seconded my efforts to keep order and prevent straggling, but I am pained to say I find too many company commanders who are totally unconcerned as to whether their men march in ranks or go along the road like a flock of geese.

The distance from mill east of Hatchie Crossing to the intersection of the Nolin and Kossuth road is 4 1\2 miles. I believe all the other roads and distances are well known.

Respectfully submitted.

D. S. STANLEY.

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

Colonel H. G. KENNETT, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 6.

Report of Colonel John W. Fuller, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the general commanding the Second Division, the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent battle of Corinth:

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd instant we moved from the Tuscumbia Creek, where it is crossed by the southerly road leading from Corinth to Kossuth, and marched to Whitfield's house, formerly the headquarters of Major-General Grant. While halting here the Forty-third Ohio Infantry, Colonel Smith, and a section of the Third Michigan Battery, which had been sent to Kossuth the day before, rejoined the brigade. About noon we marched to the outer line of defenses artillery placed in position to command the road leading from the west. An hour afterward we moved by our right flank until we covered Battery E, and planted the artillery so as to command the approaches to that work. About 4 p. m. orders came to retire to a position near the Seminary, upon reaching which I gave orders at once to deploy into line. Before this was fully executed we were again ordered to move to a point near to Battery Williams, and again to proceed to the space between the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and the earthwork next easterly from that road. Forming line upon he crest, with our right resting

