
reaching the woods, were driven by the enemy, who was already forming his column for the assault. As the indications increased that the enemy would soon attack us I moved the whole line, which faced the north, a little to the left, so as to bring the Sixty-third Ohio close to the ditch surrounding the battery, the left (two companies off the Sixty-third) crossing and occupying the road.

At about 11 o'clock, while in Battery Robinett, I saw the enemy approaching through the woods in four close column-one moving down the road, one to the west of it and moving nearly parallel with it, and two others on the easterly side of the road. I afterward learned that the column in the road was the Sixth Texas, their left column the Ninth Texas, and the others Arkansas regiments, whose numbers I failed to get, the four regiments being the brigade of General Phifer. Immediately in their rear, and supporting General Phifer, was the brigade of Colonel Moore. As soon as I saw the movement I ordered Colonel J. L. K. Smith to change his front forward, to better protect the battery. Thinking the enemy's column, if resolute, would be sure to break the line of the Sixty-third Ohio where it was so greatly exposed, I ordered the Eleventh Missouri (Major Weber) to a position directly in rear of the Sixty-third and distant not more than 25 yards, and directed Major Weber, in case the Sixty-third gave way, to rise up and charge the enemy at a double-quick, and to be particular not to fire a shot until he saw the backs of the enemy.

Directly after running along the line of the Sixty-third and Twenty-seventh Regiments I cautioned the men to hold their fire until the enemy should be close upon them. When the column in the road (which moved more rapidly than others) had approached within 100 yards of our line the Sixty-third and some of the left companies of the twenty-seventh opened fire upon it. The head of the column almost instantly disappeared and the rear recoiled rapidly to the edge of the woods. It was immediately reformed, and, strengthened by another regiment, again advanced to the assault with great gallantry. The Sixty-third Ohio, which had already suffered greatly from a cloud of sharpshooters, seemed the principal target for the enemy, and almost immediately its ranks were so riddled and broken that I could see the enemy's column as well as if their line had never intervened. Nine out of 13 line officers had fallen, and, with half their number killed or wounded, the regiment fell back to the rear to reform.

At this moment the Eleventh Missouri sprang to their feet and received volley, which, for the instant, staggered them. The next they press forward with heroic gallantry, and the Twenty-seventh Ohio, whose left had fallen back slightly, joining in the movement and uniting their flanks, the two regiments rushed in splendid style upon the enemy, instantly routing him and driving him in utter confusion from the field, which was thickly strewn with his dead and wounded. A large number were immediately made prisoners, while others, secreting themselves in the fallen timber and unable to escape, were brought in squads to our lines, whence all wee sent to the guard near Battery Williams. From the best information I can obtain, after diligent inquiry, I estimate the number at about 200.

During the movements just described on the right of Battery Robinett the Forty-third Ohio engaged the enemy on the left of that work. Thrown into momentary disorder by the fall of their colonel and rallied by the efforts of Lieutenant-Colonel Spayne and the general commanding the division, they successfully repulsed that column which marched west of the road and shot every rebel who showed his head

