
above the parapet of the fort or attempted to enter through the embrasures.

I must not omit to mention the hand-to-hand fight which occurred between portions of the Ninth Texas and Twenty-seventh Ohio. As the Ninth Texas approached our line, and when distant not more than 6 or 8 yards, Orrin B. Gould, a private of Company G, Twenty-seventh Ohio, shot down the Texas color-bearer, who was marching at the head of the column. Seeing the colors fall, young Gould, with others, sprang forward to secure them, when a rebel officer saint out to his men, "Save the colors," and at the same time put a bullet into the breast of Gould. The young here was not to be intimidated, however, and bore away the rebel flag in triumph.

About 1 p. m. the rebels again showed themselves in force in front of our position, a little to the left of the ground from which their column moved upon us, whereupon I ordered Captain Maurice, commanding Light Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, to plant two 12-pounder howitzers near and to the west of Battery Robinett. Two companies of the Eleventh Missouri were placed in ditch surrounding the fort, and the Thirty-ninth Ohio (Lieutenant-Colonel Noyes), moving by their left flank, was formed in rear of the battery, the right wing facing to the north and the left to the west. It was a source of regret to me and a disappointment to the officers aidmen that this splendid regiment had no opportunity to show the reels their power.

Inasmuch as the batteries belonging to this brigade were ordered away, and I remained unadvised of the position assigned them, I am unable to speak of the part taken by them in the action. Fortunately I learned the whereabouts of Captain Maurice when his howitzers were needed, and I hear the conduct of the battery spoken of in such flattering terms by officers upon whom I rely that I feel proud to know that it is a part of this command. I doubt not the chief of artillery will do full justice to that and to the other battery of this brigade.

In the disposition of troops, as well as in other matters herein referred to, I followed carefully and minutely the instructions I had received from the general commanding the division, excepting when the suddenness of the enemy's movements gave me no opportunity to refer to him. In these instances I did not hesitate to give such orders as I deemed necessary.

To the officers commanding regiments no small share of praise is due for the brilliant victory which was won. Colonel J. L. K. Smith, the most accomplished officer in the brigade, fell at the head of his regiment while giving his commands as if at parade, and Lieutenant-Colonel Swayne, assuming command under the most trying circumstances, soon restored order in his regiment, and fought it with the utmost gallantry. Colonel J. W. Sprague, whose regiment had the most exposed position, stood at his post cheering on his men when two-thirds of his officers and half of his command had fallen, and in an incredibly short space of time reformed his men and brought them again into line. Colonel Gilbert, thrown from his horse before the assault was made, left his regiment in command of Lieutenant-Colonel Noyes, an officer who is as efficient and faithful as he is brave and determined. Major Z. S. Spraulding, the only field officer with the Twenty-seventh, commanded with marked ability, checking the enthusiasm of the men until the proper moment, and pressing them forward when the enemy were in a situation to be crushed.

Major Weber, commanding the Eleventh Missouri, though not attached to this brigade, fought under my command during the action,

