
and displayed so much of the true soldier and handled his regiment with so much skill that I should do injustice to my own feelings did I fail to speak of him in this connection. He is doubtless one of the best officers in this division, and deserves great praise for his conduct during the battle.

I should not close this report without acknowledging my obligations to Captain W. H. Lathrop, of my staff, whose coolness and good judgment rendered him of very great assistance to me; nor to Captain C. W. Dustan, my assistant adjutant-general, whose promptness in the execution of orders and whose gallant bearing met my hearty approval. The mounted orderlies (detailed from the Thirty-sixth Illinois), tow of whom were wounded and two of whose horses were shot during the action, also deserve especial thanks for their soldierly conduct.

The following statement of casualties* will show that, though the action was short, the victory was not gained without a desperate struggle:

Command. 	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.

27th Ohio	 9	 47	 6

39th Ohio	 2	 13	 ..............

43rd Ohio	 16 	 74	 ..............

63rd Ohio 	 24	 105 	 3

Light Company	 .............	 3	 ..............

F, 2nd U. S.

Artillery

3rd Michigan	 ..............	 11 	 ..............

Battery

 51	 253 	 9

Total	 .............. 	 ..............	 315

Our rejoicing over the result are mingled with bitter grief as we think of the brave hearts which have ceased to beat. The Forty-third Ohio has been singly afflicted. Colonel J. L. K. Smith, who died this afternoon, enjoyed not only the confidence and esteem of every officer of this command, but as respected and beloved by the whole army. The loss of Captain Spangle is one which his regiment will long and deeply feel, and in First Lieutenant Heyl, adjutant of the regiment, has passed away one of the most genial, faithful, and useful officers of this brigade. The Sixty-third Ohio mourns the loss of Captain McFadden, who died a patriots' death, fearlessly discharging his duty. The Twenty-seventh Ohio in First Lieutenant H. A. Webb lost one of the most able and valuable officers on its rolls. Enduring physical powers, an iron will, a clear head, and a cultivated intellect rendered him peculiarly useful to the service, and gave promise of prominence and great influence in the future. Nor shall we soon forget the brave men in the ranks who fought and fell on October 4. Their comrades will cherish their memory, and when gathered around the camp-fires will often reaper the story of their heroism, and our country will remember with pride their glorious achievements.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN W. FULLER,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Ohio, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant W. H. SINCLAIR,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Army of the Miss.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

