
pany, so as to afford us more direct range. At this moment the regiment suffered most severely. Colonel Smith fell, dangerously shot through the head; Adjutant Heyl was mortally wounded in the bowels, and Captain J. M. Spangle, Company A, was instantly killed by a ball through the head. Fire was kept up upon the enemy during and after the execution of the movement until the head of his column had gained the parapet and opened fire on our rear from the opposite side of the earthwork on our right. The regiment was then moved slightly to the left and the right thrown back, so as to fire into the battery and meet the enemy in the new direction. This movement was attended with confusion, which was promptly checked on the appearance and by the efforts of General Stanley. The enemy was driven from the parapet, the right advanced into the battery, and the advance of the enemy on the right of the battery being meanwhile repulsed, our left was again thrown forward and assisted in driving the enemy into the woods. He made no further demonstration against that part of our lines.

The behavior of the regiment was under your own inspection. I am proud to state that not one of the officers thus suddenly left to my command failed to do his duty with alacrity. I should do injustice if I omitted to mention the valuable services of Major Herrick after the irreparable loss of our commanding officer.

Colonel Smith was wounded while displaying the utmost gallantry. We are permitted to hope that he will recover. Captain Spangle and Lieutenant Heyl fell in the courageous discharge of duty. Captain S. F. Timmons and Lieuts. L. McClaren, H. S. Prophet, and A. L. Howe being wounded bore up without a murmur.

Our loss was 16 killed and 74 wounded, embracing many of our best and bravest.* The grief for the fallen is tempered by their honorable death, and our sympathy for the wounded is heightened by the knowledge that their hearts are in the cause.

WAGER SWAYNE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. LATHROP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 10.

Report of Colonel John W. Sprague, Sixty-third Ohio Infantry, including operations October 3-9.
HDQRS. SIXTY-THIRD Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Near Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nine companies of my command (Company D, Captain Fouts, being on detached duty), consisting of 275 men, left camp near Tuscumbia River about 3 a. m. on the 3rd instant and marched to Corinth during the morning distant about 6 miles. Our position was changed several times. In the evening we rested near the fort north of Major-General Rosecrans' headquarters. About 10 o'clock at night I was ordered to take position immediately on the right of the field redoubt (armed with three 20-pounder Parrott guns) in front and to the left of Captain Williams' fort and headquarters. On the left

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

