
of the first-named work was the Forty-third Ohio and on my right were the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Ohio Regiment. Soon after taking this position Campaniles B and G, commanded by Captain C. E. brown and Lieutenant Browning, were sent out on the Chewalla road to the north and west from Corinth.

During the night Captain Brown captured Captain Tobin, of Tobin's (Tennessee) battery, and his bugler, and brought them in. They were sent forward to the headquarters of General D. S. Stanley.

Captain brown heard the enemy near his position planting a battery, an at about 4 a. m. fired several volleys, it is believed with good effect. Almost immediately after the enemy opened fire from their battery planted in our front, distant less than 300 yards. During the morning several of my men were wounded by the fire from this battery and by the enemy's sharpshooters, also posted in the woods in front.

About 10 a. m. the enemy's columns were seen emerging from the woods into the partially open ground in our front. My men were kept lying down until the enemy had advanced to within 50 yards of our position. Our fire was then delivered with such effect as to check their advance; but they were again pushed on, again check, and force to retire, leaving the ground literally covered with dead and wounded. They again advanced after a short interval and opened a furious fire upon us. At the same time a column of the enemy charged the redoubt immediately on my left an advanced in strong force in front. The fire to which my regiment was exposed at this time was terrific and deadly. Soon the enemy on my left had advanced so far as to pour an enfilanding fire along nearly the whole line of my regiment. My left was thrown back slightly to meet this assault, and our fire was delivered with such effect upon the enemy, who had reached the ditch of the redoubt mentioned, as to nearly fill the ditch with their dead and wounded. Every officer and man of my command seemed to put forth superhuman exertions to hold our position, but no troops could long stand against such unequal odds pouring a fire upon front and flank.

Out of 13 line officers 9 were killed or wounded and 45 per cent. of my whole force had shared the same fate, to say nothing of the number necessarily detailed to carry off the wounded.

As evidence of the deadly fire to which my left was exposed I may state that 53 per cent. was either killed or wounded, and not an officer left except Captain Brown. My left wing and center fell back at my order and were gallantly replaced by the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers. In less than ten minutes 135 of my regiment were formed in the front line in good order and there remained during the balance of the day an through the following night, but the battle was over and a most brilliant victory won.

I need not attempt to describe the fierce assault and murderous fire to which my command was exposed, either to General Stanley, commanding the division, or to Colonel Fuller, commanding the brigade, for the fighting of my regiment was in their immediate presence and many of my men fell fighting bravely within an arm's length of them.

I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men under my command. Captain Frank T. Gilmore, Company A, was never, I believe, excelled by any young officer for efficiency and daring. When the enemy commenced the principal infantry attack he was in front, with his company deployed as skirmishers. The fierceness of the assault forced him to retire around the right of the Thirty-ninth Ohio Regiment, and thus regain his position in line, which he did at double-quick, arriving in time to open fire with the balance of the regiment.

