
Captain Brown, Company B, on the extreme left, I should have before stated, went out with 12 men and brought in one of the enemy's caissons under a sharp fire. He was cool and daring during the whole fight. Captain Christopher E. Smith, Company C, was severely wounded in the leg, but refused to go to the rear until the fight was over and the victory won. He displayed rare gallantry and ability. Captain George W. Fitzsimons and Lieutenant William H. Cherry, Company E, were both wounded, but fought bravely to the end. First Lieutenant Nesbit Comly, commanding Company F, was stunned by a blow on the head, but joined again in the fight almost immediately. Lieutenant John W. Browning, commanding Company G, was wounded three times before leaving the field. Captain Oscar L. Jackson, Company H, a young officer of great promise, was severely, and it is feared mortally, wounded. He held his company in perfect order until two-thirds of his men were killed or wounded. First Lieutenant William Cornell, commanding Company I, was perfectly cool, and exhibited the finest qualities of an officer during the entire day. Second Lieutenant W. W. Mason, Company C, behaved with coolness and bravery during the fight. Captain James McFadden, Company K, just promoted, an earnest an intelligent officer, by his coolness and daring exercised an almost singular control over his men. He fell mortally wounded, dying the death of patriot and brave man. Second Lieutenant S. W. Cunningham, behave bravely and well. He was severely wounded in the face. Captain Otic W. Pollock, acting adjutant, rendered effective an gallant service during the day. Assist. Surg. A. B. Monahan, acting surgeon, was knock from his horse in the morning by a piece of shell striking him near the eye. He soon recovered from the shock, and when I visited the hospitals at 9 o'clock in the evening I found of the 90 of my wounded that had been brought in every one had been dressed, laid upon cots, and tenderly cared for by him. Acting Assistant Surgeons Marsh and Arnold were ordered to report to me on the field. I did not see them, and do not know what services they rendered. First Lieutenant Holly Skinner, regimental quartermaster, rendered most effective service during the days named in this report. On the day of the battle he was frequently under fire, and wherever duty called him he was found. Chaplain Benjamin St. James Fry deserves especial mention for his zealous and intelligent efforts in providing comforts and caring for the wounded. His labors have only been limited by the powers of his physical endurance.

If space permitted I should be glad to mention by name the dead and the living non-commissioned officers and privates who distinguished themselves for gallantry and soldierly bearing during the battle.

Early on the morning of the 5th instant I joined with my command in the pursuit of Van Dorn and Price's armies, marched 16 miles, and bivouacked near Widow Wright's.

On the 6th continued the pursuit, marching 16 miles, and bivouacked at Crum's Mill. The road was strewn with arms, ammunition, camp equipage, wagons, &amp;c., showing that the armies of the enemy were perfectly stampeded.

On the 7th again in pursuit before daylight, marching through Jonesborough, and late at night reached a point near Ripley.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a list of the killed, wounded,

13 R R-VOL XVII

