
and missing.* Being ordered in pursuit so soon after the battle prevents me from making it as complete and full as I could have wished. The result shows 24 killed, 105 wounded (8 mortally), and 3 missing, or 48 per cent. of the entire number taken into action.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. SPRAGUE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. LATHROP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11.

Report of Lieutenant Carl A. Lamberg, Third Michigan Battery, including operations October 3-9.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD MICHIGAN BATTERY,Camp near Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with orders I have the honor to submit the following report of the battery under my command and the part which it assumed in the action of the 4th instant at Corinth, Miss.:

On the morning of October 3 the battery, with a section of the Eighth Wisconsin Battery, under Lieutenant McLean, temporarily attached to my command, marched with the First Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi, Colonel J. W. Fuller commanding, toward Corinth, and took position fronting southwest of the town. After remaining a short time in this position the battery was again ordered forward, and entered the town about sundown and parked for the night north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad depot.

About 4 o'clock on the morning of the 4th the enemy commenced shelling the town, and threw several shells in the battery, without causing loss or damage. I marched the battery to a position a short distance to the right and halted, whereupon I was ordered into position by Lieutenant-Colonel Lothrop, chief of artillery, in rear of General Rosecrans' headquarters, fronting west, one Ohio battery on my right and the Memphis and Charleston Railroad on my left. Seeing the enemy's skirmishers in the woods in my front, I commenced firing about 8 a. m., and shelled the above-named woods about ten minutes, whereupon they disappeared, without giving me any reply. Later in the day a large force of the enemy appealed, advancing on my right and front, when I again opened fire, driving them back into the wood; but they soon reappeared in great force, advancing toward the battery, and I gave the order for canister in double shot. The enemy continued to advance. The infantry on the right of the Ohio battery broke; the Ohio Battery limbered up and retreated, leaving my right flank unprotected and the battery entirely without support. The enemy now being within 20 yards of my battery, I ordered limber of the rear (the firing had continued for about half an hour), and retired to the street in front of General Rosecrans' headquarters, when I was ordered by Brigadier-General Davies to take a position on the south side of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, which I did. From there I was again ordered by Lieuten-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

