
ant-Colonel Lothrop, chief of artillery, to return to my former position, in the rear of General Rosecrans' headquarters. When I had resumed this position all firing had ceased and the enemy had been driven back from all points.

On the morning of the 5th I marched, with General Stanley's division, First Brigade, in pursuit of the enemy, taking the Smith Bridge road. We continued the pursuit during the 5th, 6th, and 7th, and on the 8th we encamped about 2 miles beyond Ripley.

On the 9th we marched through Ripley, 4 miles from which town we are now encamped.

During the 6th we passed many of the enemy's hospitals, filled with dead and wounded. During the 6th and 7th we passed over several miles from road strewn with camp and garrison equipage, guns, artillery, ammunition, and in fact everything belonging to an army in full retreat, whereof it can be concluded that the enemy was badly defeated.

It gives me great pleasure to say that all the officers and men under my command acted with the grates bravery and coolness during the action of the 4th. I take the liberty to mention to the commanding general's special notice Second Lieutenant George Robinson, First Sergt. Henry Shier (during the action in command of a section), and Sergt. W. W. Hyzer, all of the Third Michigan Battery, of their gallant conduct and strict attention to orders during the action.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CARL ADOLF LAMBERG,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Third Michigan Battery, Light Artillery.

W. H. LATHROP,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 12.

Report of Captain Thomas D. Maurice, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery, including operations October 3-9.
HDQRS. LIGHT CO. F, SECOND Regiment U. S. ARTY.,Camp near Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I herewith submit my report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the action at Corinth, Miss., on October 4:

On the morning of October 3 the battery moved, with the First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel J. W. Fuller commanding, up the Kossuth road and took a position fronting southwest, but soon after was ordered forward again in the direction from where heavy firing was heard, and placed in position to the left of Captain Williams' battery of siege guns, near the Memphis and Charleston Railroad an covering the wagon road leading southwest. The firing had now ceased on the right and front, but I remained in position during the night.

About 4 o'clock on the morning of the 4th instant the enemy, having planted a battery during the night, opened a fire, which was replied to by the guns of Captain Williams from the redoubt to my right and front. But little loss was sustained by this fire of the rebels, although

