
the battery was much exposed to their shells. Soon after daylight I opened fire, shelling the road and directing a shot at intervals to he right, in order to draw the fire from the enemy's batteries (if any) that might have been posted in those places. None wee discovered, and I ceased firing for that object, and turned my attention to the rebel sharpshooters, who were posted in the tops and behind os, causing great annoyance in the battery. I ordered a howitzer, with Sergeant McIntyre, to advance in front and near the wood, fire canister, and endeavor to dislodge them, which he succeeded in accomplishing.

I now changed my front and took position on the right of Captain Williams' battery, overlooking the plain west of the town and having our whole line of battle in view. The enemy was soon discovered in large force, moving forward with the evident intention of storming our works, and I opened fire with shell and spherical-case shot, having a good range on the flank of the center column. Four of my guns I directed to play upon a large rebel force advancing rapidly toward the First Brigade, which was being hard pressed by superior numbers, and as I observed the enemy repulsed at this point I directed my fire again upon the rebel masses to my right, who now had nearly gained the town, but were soon driven back by our troops in that part of the field. The enemy's whole line was now in full retreat, and for fifteen minutes I kept up a continuous fire on his rear, when I cease for the day.

During the remainder of the day I replenished my exhausted ammunition chests, and by order (leaving two 6-pounder guns with the First Infantry, Captain Williams commanding), the battery marched again on the morning of the 5th in pursuit of the enemy, passing on the road during the day several rebel hospitals filled with their wounded, which they has deserted in their rapid flight.

Firing was heard this morning to our left, and we have learned since that General Hurlbut's division engaged the enemy, having come up with him near the Hatchie River. During the pursuit of the 6th, 7th, and 8th instant the road was found strewed with abandoned wagons, caissons, muskets, tents, and in fact every article requisite to equip an army, and which gave evidence of a disastrous retreat of a defeated army.

The battery is now encamped near Ripley, Miss., and in conclusion I would call the attention of the commanding general to the good conduct of the men composing the company while in action and during the pursuit.

I cannot do otherwise than specially mention the gallantry of Sergts. [Gustav] Dey, [Frank S.] McGinnis, [William] Wrightenbury, and [Francis] McIntyre; Corpls. [David] Kirkland and [William] Kelly, and Privates [James H.] Garvey, [Patrick] Henessey, [Francis] Newbolt, [Robert] Black, and [John] Walsh.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. D. MAURICE,

Captain 1st Mo. Light Arty., Commanding Light Co. F, Second U. S. Arty.

Captain W. H. LATHROP,

Asst. Adjt. General, 1st Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Miss.

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted shows 3 men wounded. There were also 3 horses killed and 4 wounded.

---------------

