
ceeded also to his glorious fate. Major Weber, of the Eleventh Missouri, watched the enemy and directed the movements of his own command with as much coolness and care as if upon drill, as he clearness of his report evinces. Major Gillmore and the Twenty-sixth Illinois, being on the extreme right, were less exposed than the other regiments, and suffered less. When ordered to the rear they relinquished their position unwillingly.

At about 9 p. m. of the 3rd three regiments of the brigade, the Forty seventh and Twenty-sixth Illinois and the Eighth Wisconsin, were moved across the Memphis and Charleston Railroad to the low ground between Batteries Williams and Philips and there bivouacked for the night, and on the day following remained in this position during the battle, acting as a support to the batteries. The Eleventh Missouri remained on the north side of the railroad, and I am informed acquitted themselves honorably in repulsing the enemy in his attempt upon Battery Robinett.

During the 4th, at about 8 a. m. (the second day), I received an order through an aide-de-camp of General Stanley to take a body of skirmishers, consisting of two companies from each regiment, to the front on the south of the Memphis Railroad and ascertain the position of the enemy in that direction, whose sharpshooters were at that time causing considerable annoyance. Accordingly, taking my skirmishers in front of the abatis, I advanced, driving their sharpshooters back about three-fourths of a mile, when I found their main lines, and my men received several volleys from them, some shots reaching us from the rear of our left. Supporting them to come from friends by mistake, I rode out in that direction to prevent a continuance of the same, and suddenly found myself in the midst of a small party of the enemy. Attempting to escape, I was wounded and fell into their hands. Their precipitate retreat, however, in the subsequent part of the day left me free, and sundown found me again in camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant W. H. SINCLAIR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14.

Report of Major Robert A. Gillmore, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SIXTH ILLINOIS REGIMENT,Camp near Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the participation of my command in the engagement of the 3rd and 4th instant, before Corinth, as follows:

On the morning of October 3 we moved from our camp, near Kossuth, to within 2 miles of Corinth, rested until about 1 p. m., when we were moved to the left about 1 mile, and took position in the woods. Remained about one hour, when we were moved forward at double-quick, and took position, with our-resting on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Were doing good service there, when we received orders, through Adjutant-General Sprague, to fall back, as the rest of the brigade had done so. We moved back about 50 yards, received orders to halt, and did so. I then rode to the front, and found none of our troops

