
were there on either side of our flanks. Major Weber then gave me orders to move by left flank by file left. Adjutant Sprague then gave orders that we should follow the Forty-seventh Illinois. We did so into town. We received orders from Colonel Mower, through Adjutant Brookings, to move out, which we did, and took our position on the right of Fort Williams. Lay there until 10 p. m., when we took position on the left of Fort Williams. Under directions of General Stanley sent out skirmishers and remained overnight.

On the 4th we were under fire about 4 o'clock, and about 8 had to re-enforce our skirmishers, and again at about 8.30, when the enemy appeared in force, and they were ordered in. We maintained our position until about noon, when we received orders from General Stanley to go over on north side of town and support General Davies. Were directed to our position by Captain Goddard, of General Rosecrans' staff. Changed our position once after by direction of General Rosecrans. No engagement transpired thereafter.*

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, your very obedient servant,

R. A. GILLMORE,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant A. A. TEALE, Acting Adjutant-General.

Numbers 15.

Report of Captain Samuel R. Baker, Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

CAMP NEAR RIPLEY, MISS., October 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry, being a part of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi, was ordered about 2 p. m. on the 3rd instant to support General McKean, who was then actively engaged with the enemy on the north side of Corinth, Miss. They arrived at the scene of action about 3 p. m. with nine companies, Company E having been previously detailed on picket guard. They were formed in line in the rear of General McKean's division. At this time Lieutenant Colonel W. A. Thrush, commanding the regiment, was killed. General McKean's division fell back, when the regiment became actively engaged. Captain Harman Andrews, assuming command, ordered the regiment to advance with fixed bayonets, driving the enemy back an delivering heavy volleys as they advanced. After they had driven the enemy nearly 80 rods they came to a halt, and the field was hotly contested for two minutes, at the end of which time we received orders to move by the left flank as the enemy were flanking us on our left, Captain Andrews falling mortally wounded and Captain David De Wolf was killed instantly, when orders were given to fall back. They then forme in line of battle on the right of Captain Spoor's battery, for the purpose of supporting it, in conjunction with the Eleventh Missouri and the Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry. We remained in this position some thirty minutes, when the enemy not pursuing, orders came to fall back to the fort north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, where they were formed to the left and a little to the rear of the fort, fronting to the southwest, where Company E rejoined the regiment and Camp S. R. Baker took command. We remained in this position until about 10 p. m., when General Stanley ordered us to take position south of the railroad to the left and in front

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

