
of the fort commanded by Captain Williams, our right resting on the railroad. We remained in this position during the night, and in the morning two companies (B an E), under command of Lieutenant Puterbaugh, were ordered to the front as skirmishers. During the day they drove the enemy's skirmishers back to their main line, where they received several volleys from a brigade of the enemy, when they fell back within a few hundred yards of our lines. About 1 p. m. the regiment was ordered to change front to the right parallel with the railroad, where we remained during the rest of the day.

SAMUEL R. BAKER,

Captain, Commanding Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

Colonel HUBBARD,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Miss.

Numbers 16.

Report of Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Near Ripley, Miss., October 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by the Fifth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry in the engagements at Corinth, Miss., on the 3rd and 4th instant:

On the morning of the 3rd instant the regiment moved with the brigade from camp near Kossuth toward Corinth, but by order of the Tuscumbia River, on the Corinth road, with orders to hold the bridge and guard its approaches until further notice. I occupied this position until dark of that day, when I received an order, through Lieutenant McGorty, acting aide to Colonel Mower, to move my command into Corinth. I arrived about 8 p. m., having seen no enemy during the day. That night the regiment was assigned a position by Brigadier-General Stanley near and parallel to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, fronting toward the west, the left resting near the depot. The night was passed in the latter position, the men lying on their arms.

We wee aroused before dawn on the morning of the 4th by the discharges of the enemy's guns and the bursting of his shells in the immediate vicinity of where we lay. One man of my regiment was quite severely wounded here by a fragment of a shell. At about 9 a. m. I was ordered by General Stanley to deploy one company as skirmishers into the edge of the timber toward the front and right, in obedience to which Company A was sent forward, under command of Captain J. R. Dartt. A few moments later the advance of the enemy along our entire line was mae. I soon observed that the part of our lines running from near my right toward the rear was giving way and that the enemy was rapidly gaining ground toward the town. I immediately changed front, moving by the right flank by file right, and took position at right angles to my former one. The movement was but just completed when I was ordered by General Stanley, through Major Colman, to support a battery, which had been in position about 400 yards toward the front and right, but which was being driven from the field. I moved by the right flank at double-quick a distance of perhaps 200 yards. By this time the battery mentioned had retire from the field entirely. Captain Dees' Michigan battery, occupying the crest

