
of a ridge near the Mobile and Ohio Railroad toward the left, had been abandoned and had fallen into the hands of the enemy, our line for the distance of several hundred yards had been repulsed, became scattered, and was rapidly retreating. The enemy in considerable numbers had already entered the streets of the town from the north and was pushing vigorously forward. His flank was presented to the line I had formed, which exposed him to a most destructive fire, and which the Fifth Minnesota delivered with deadly effect. After receiving and returning a number of volleys the enemy began o fall back. I then moved forward in line at a run, pressing hard upon the enemy, who was now flying in great confusion. I moved on outside the town and halted on the crest of a ridge to the left of and on a line with the former of the position of the battery I was ordered to support, regaining, meantime, possession of the abandoned guns of the Michigan battery. The enemy continued his retreat under a galling fire from our guns and the artillery of the forts on the left until lost sight of in the woods in our front, where he reformed and again advanced in considerable force. I at once opened upon him a hot fire, which, with the fire from along the line upon my right, which had now rallied and was reforming, arrested his progress and soon drove him back under cover of the timber.

About 40 prisoners fell into our hands and large numbers of killed and wounded marked the line of the enemy's retreat.

The regiments expended near 50 rounds of ammunition.

I feel authorized in referring especially to the coolness and courage of the officers and men of my command and their general good conduct the action.*

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry.

Numbers 17.

Report of Major Andrew J. Weber, Eleventh Missouri Infantry.

HDQRS. ELEVENTH MISSOURI VOLS., Oct. 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In regard to the part taken by the Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry in the engagement of October 3 and 4 I have the honor to report the following:

On the 3rd we took position (as the second regiment in the brigade) northwest of and about three-fourths of a mile from Corinth. After forming we were held for a few moments as a reserve for Colonel (or General) Sweeny's command. The regiment immediately in our front (I think the Fifty-second Illinois) became somewhat scattered and their ammunition was giving out, when we were ordered by Colonel Mower, commanding the brigade, to relieve them, which we did at once. We found ourselves in front of an open field, in which there was but few of the enemy, but their solid columns be distinctly seen advancing on our right and left flanks, where were stationed the Twenty-sixth and Forty-seventh Illinois and Eighth Wisconsin respectively. The whole fire of my right wing was to the right oblique and that of my left oblique. just as our ammunition was expended Colonel Mower was informed from Colonel (or General) Sweeny that the forces on the both our flanks retired and unless we feel back at once we would be out-flanked.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

