
We did so in good order and took position with the rest of the brigade between the two central forts, commanded by Captain Williams, of the First U. S. Infantry.

The morning of the 4th found us in the same position, facing the west. About 4.30 a. m. we were awakened by a shell from a 12-pounder howitzer, which the enemy had during the night succeeded in placing within 400 or 500 yards of us. The shelling was up until daylight, all the while briskly responded to by our own battery. The enemy were driven away, and rest of our brigade was then placed on the right of the fort commanded by Captain Williams. The First Brigade was on either flank of the fort and we were left as a reserve for either side. The enemy's attack along our whole line was simultaneous. They advanced in solid column from the north. When I saw them coming I changed my front and laid down, with bayonets fixed, about 40 paces in rear of the Sixty-third Ohio. Quite a number of the officers and men of this regiment were killed or wounded. When they fell back the enemy took possession of the fort and were within 30 paces of my little line, when we arose with a yell and charged them. Though the enemy had thus far been successful, when met at the bayonet point he turned and fled ignominiously. We retook the fort and then fired our first shot, and having every advantage of the confusion of the enemy, piled the ground with his killed and wounded.

in front of our line fell Colonel Rogers, Second Texas, commanding brigade; Colonel Moore, a lieutenant-colonel, an assistant adjutant-general, a chaplain, and quite a number of killed and wounded line officers.

I would state that when we advanced the Sixty-third and Twenty-seventh Ohio Regiments were prompt in assisting us. I should have stated that before the action commenced two companies of my regiment, along with, I believe, two from each regiment of the brigade, were taken out as skirmishers by Colonel Mower in person, and after the engagement remained out as a grand, the colonel having been wounded and taken prisoner, but escaped, however, in the evening.

The conduct of my officers and men was universally of the most praise-worthy character. Captain Charles Hollister, as gallant a man and officer as ever entered the field, was killed instantly while leading his company (E) in the charge.

In the two engagements we lost 7 killed, 62 wounded, and 5 missing.

We remained on the right of the fort until night, when our two companies were called in by myself and all rested on our arms during the night.

Respectfully submitted.

A. J. WEBER,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel HUBBARD,

Commanding Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 18.

Report of Major John W. Jefferson, Eighth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHT Regiment WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS,Camp at Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Eighth Wisconsin Infantry in the action at Corinth, October 3 and 4:

The lieutenant-colonel and I, having been on duty at Corinth, were

