
relieved and joined our regiment at 1 p. m. the 3rd instant about 2 miles from Corinth, immediately after which the regiment, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Robbins, was ordered to march around to the right, following our old line of breastworks, in the direction of the Chewalla road, our position in the brigade being the third battalion from the right. Shortly after crossing the road we were halted and formed a line of battle upon a ridge. About the same time the right of the brigade became engaged with the enemy. In front of the right wing of my regiment, in the follow, was an Iowa regiment engaged with the enemy. My position upon the ridge being exposed to the long-range guns of the enemy and left wing becoming engaged and the right wing not engaged, on account of the Iowa regiment being in front, and the lieutenant-colonel being wounded, at this juncture I ordered the regiment forward across the hollow, partially massing the right wing with the left wing of the Iowa regiment. The regiment now became generally engaged. The enemy commenced getting around my left flank, and in fact had, and were enfilading us. A change from front to rear on my first company at this time was necessary; but the Forty-seventh Illinois Volunteers had closed into my rear so near and thick wood and ground was such that it would have been almost impossible to have executed the movement to any advantage. I then ordered my regiment to march to the ridge originally occupied by us. I had proceeded but a short distance when a ball shattered my revolver, which I held in my hand, and at the same instant I was wounded in the shoulder-blade with a missile, rendering me senseless, and was taken from the field. The senior officer, Captain Britton, informs me that he received with the regiment in good order, with the balance of the line, to our fortifications, at which place I rejoined the regiment in the evening.

The next day (4th) our position was upon the extreme left of General Stanley's division between Forts --- and ---. At 11 a. m. I was ordered to send two companies to our front, in our abatis, as skirmishers Shortly after this the remaining companies of my regiment and the Twenty-sixth Illinois were led by General Stanley away to the right to support General Davies. Subsequently General Rosecrans ordered me to double my column upon the center, in which position I remained during the night.

I can truthfully state, colonel, that the officers and men, particularly Captain Dawes, who was wounded in the first day's action, behaved as soldiers should.

With much respect, colonel, your obedient servant,

J. W. JEFFERSON,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel HUBBARD,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 19.

Report of Captain Nelson T. Spoor, Second Iowa Battery.

CAMP SECOND IOWA BATTERY,

October 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your orders of this date I submit the following

