
report of the part taken by the battery under my command in the action of October 3 and 4, as follows:

The battery attached to the Second Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi, left camp on the Tuscumbia River on the morning of the 3d, and after remaining some time in line to the southwest of the town was placed in position on the western part of the fortifications. Lieutenant Walling rejoined the battery during the forenoon from detached service. A little after noon the battery was ordered forward by Colonel Mower, and followed the Eighth Wisconsin Infantry until we passed the road leading to corinth from the west. At this road the battery was ordered by General Davies to take a position to the front, and at the same time was directed by Colonel Mower to follow the brigade. Some delay was occasioned, during which the Second Brigade had gone into the woods on the right, and the enemy were advancing rapidly. The infantry about our front were falling back in some confusion. I then placed the battery in position on the road about 300 yards from the white house en echelon, right in front. As soon as our infantry had fallen back and the enemy 's line appeared on the ridge on which the white house stands I commenced firing with shell and spherical-case shot. In a short time I observed the enemy moving across an open field on our left, and they attempted to charge, but were repulsed with canister. Immediately after a heavy column moved down the road past the white house, directly toward the battery, from the front. This column advanced to within 60 yards of the battery, exposed to a most destructive fire of canister before it broke and retired in confusion. After the repulse of this column, the battery being entirely alone, I retired to the rear of the fort commanded by Lieutenant Robinett, First Infantry. At sunset I received orders from Colonel J. V. Du Bois to move into town and await further orders.

On the morning of the 4th, when the action commenced, I received orders to hold my battery in readiness to move instantly in any direction. When the attack on our right wing was in progress I was directed to place the battery in position on the ridge to the rear of the town, where I remained until the enemy were driven back, when I was placed in position on the right of the Tenth Ohio Battery on the Purdy road, where I remained until I rejoined my brigade on the morning of the 5th.

I must speak in the highest terms of the bravery and coolness of the officers and men under my command. Lieutenants Walling and Reed commanded section and acquitted themselves as usual - nobly. Lieutenant Reed's horse was shot in the action and he injured by the fall; but he remained upon the field and has been with the battery since.

First Sergeant Raynolds is deserving of special mention for his efficiency in commanding the line of caissons. Also Sergts. [John W.]

Coons, [Thomas] Tallis, [Jay W.] Kellogg, and Corpl. [Harry D.] Shelly, in charge of pieces; and Corpls. [Albert G.] Atkinson, [John] Burke, [Oliver P.] Davis, [Morris] Sober, and [Charles] Norton.

During the action of the 3rd I fired all the canister in my ammunition-chests. Four horses were disabled in the action.

I append a list of casualties.* The battery was fortunate in choice of position, and the list is therefore slight.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. T. SPOOR,

Captain, Commanding Second Iowa Battery.

Colonel HUBBARD.

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 173.

---------------

