
100 prisoners. Four batteries of the enemy were turned on him for half an hour, with the loss, however, to him of very few men, so well was he protected by the uneven ground.

The division was withdrawn from its advanced position soon after night-fall, and at 3 o'clock in the morning was posted nearly in the position occupied the previous morning. The infantry was drawn up in two lines, facing the north. The batteries were posted at advantageous points, so as to sweep all approaches from the northwest to the east. The extreme right of the line was refused, so as to command the approach by the Pittsburg road. Dillon's battery (the Sixth Wisconsin) was thrown to the front on the ridge to the right of Davies' division, and supported by the Eighteen Ohio, under Major Lanning, and the Tenth Missouri, under Major Horney. in this position the dawn of the morning was anxiously awaited.

The commanding general, in assigning the position to my command, had said it was the post of honor. He was answered that it would be held against any force that might be sent against it. How well this pledge was redeemed the battle must show.

The enemy opened at early by artillery, with a view of feeling the position of our batteries. His fire was promptly returned by the batteries in the advance. From sunrise to 9 a. m. there was little firing; but by 10 a. m., the enemy having completed all his arrangements under cover of the woods, his column moved to the assault. The lines of the two armies converged toward the center, and while one column of attack moved directly across the open ground against Davies two columns, equally strong, crossed the Purdy road a full half mile north of Davies, and one deploying as it came upon the crest of the ridge, the other moved over the ridge far to the eastward, and changing direction to the right deployed under cover of a cloud of skirmishers and came directly down on my front from the north. While this was being done the column moving against Davies had progressed steadily up the slope and into the town, sweeping away his troops and carrying his batteries on the ridge with the bayonet - had swept over the ridge with resistless force into the valley below. Dillon's battery of my division, on Davies' right, was carried in this assault; but here the advance of the rebels was checked by the firm stand of the Tenth Missouri Regiment under Major Horney. Along the ridge and to the eastward on my right, as soon as the enemy came in sight, my reserve batteries (Twelfth Wisconsin, Eleventh Ohio, and Battery M, First Missouri) opened with guns double-shotted with canister and sweeping over the whole front with their storm of iron. The rapid play of these batteries seemed to check the advance of the enemy, and I directed an immediate advance of my whole line of infantry. It was executed at the opportune moment. The regiments opened fire, and, advancing with cheers and volleys, their banners streaming to the winds, they moved to the onset. It was too much for even rebel courage. Checked by the storm of canister, they could not stand up against the charge of the veterans who had met and conquered them at Iuka. Halting, wavering, they turned and fell back, pursued by the whole line. Their left was routed, and, followed up by the regiments on the left of my line under Sullivan and holmes, they were driven from the valley over the ridge, followed by a line of bayonets and a deadly fire. The batteries were all recaptured, and, quick as the hands of brave men could man them, they again poured into the retreating, routed host the death-dealing canister. The tide of assault was thus first stemmed and turned on my extreme right by the splendid

