
charge of Buford's brigade, speared along my left over the ground from which Davies had been driven through the town, along Stanley's front, and to the enemy's extreme right. The repulse was complete. The day was saved. The victory, which hung in the balance, was ours.

The pleasing duty now devolves upon me of bringing to the notice of the general commanding the names of the most conspicuous in this successful action.

Brigadier General N. B. handled his brigade on the second day with a skill and bravery worthy of his reputation.

Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan was seriously contused by a splinter during his operations the first day on the enemy's flank. The command of his brigade devolved upon S. A. Holmes, of the Tenth Missouri Infantry, who managed it with a discretion and gallantry unsurpassed during the action of the second day. He deserves high praise for his conduct throughout the battle. When the action became general along my line on the second day General Sullivan sprang from his sick bed and bravery led the Fifty-sixth Illinois and Seventeenth Iowa Regiments, which took the lead in the charge against the rebels on my left, recapturing the earthwork battery and guns of the First Missouri Battery, Davies' division.

The Tenth Missouri Regiment, supporting the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, under the brave Horney, nobly stood its ground against the panic-stricken regiments that gave way in its front, and, as soon as its front was uncovered by the retiring soldiers and the caissons and limbers of the battery, it opened a vigorous fire on the advancing rebels, and then, joining in the advance of the division, charged the battery with the bayonet, recovering every piece and turning them rapidly on the enemy.

The commanders of regiments - Colonel J. B. Sanborn, Fourth Minnesota; Colonel C. L. Matthies, Fifth Iowa; Colonel J. I. Alexander, Fifty-ninth Indiana; Lieutenant Colonel J. H. Holman, Twenty-sixth Missouri (severely wounded); Lieutenant Colonel D. W. C. Rugg, Forty-eighth Indiana (severely wounded), of the First Brigade; Lieutenant Colonel G. B. Raum, Fifty-sixth Illinois; Major L. Horney, Tenth Missouri; Major R. Lanning, Eightieth Ohio (killed); Major Banbury (of the Fifth), commanding Seventeenth Iowa, and Major McCalla, Tenth Iowa - in the face of the enemy, and under a heavy fire, were all that should be, leading and inspiring their men by their dauntless bearing.

To Major A. M. Powell, chief of artillery, the counter is greatly indebted for conspicuous bravery and the masterly manner in which his batteries were brought to the front and handled, while of his brave subordinates, in immediate command of the batteries, Captain Dillon, Sixth Wisconsin; Lieutenant Neil, Eleventh Ohio; Lieutenant Immell, Twelfth Wisconsin, and Lieutenant McMurray, of Battery M, First Missouri, I cannot say too much. From the first appearance of the enemy within range their batteries were handled with a vigor and daring unsurpassed, and contributed largely to the success of the day.

On the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg, of the Forty-eighth Indiana, the regiment was thrown into some disorder, but was promptly rallied, and fought through the arrangement under the command of Lieutenant J. W. Archer, aide-de-camp of Brigadier-General Buford.

The Eightieth Ohio, in advance and supporting Dillon's battery on the death of its brave commander, Major Lanning, early in the action, fell back in confusion, but was stopped by the second line, and under its senior Captain (Skeels) was held in position to the close of the battle.

To my personal staff, Captain R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain J. W. Mott, commissary of subsistence; Lieuts. E. T. Pearce and

