
CORINTH, October 3, [1862] - 2.30 p. m.

General HAMILTON:

You will put your division in motion at once, with everything. See that your ammunition wagons are with you and in order. Occupy the position indicated, stack arms, and let your men rest.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 3, 1862 - 5 p. m.

Brigadier-General HAMILTON,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: You will play your artillery with shot and shell due west from your position and center.

It is reported that the whole rebel force is now between the railroads. You can shell the woods due west from your center.

You can bring at least two of your batteries this way and fire northwest from the open ridges between here and town.

You will ascertain Buford's right and take care your guns do not reach Sullivan and Buford.

Close Buford well down on Sullivan's right.

Be watchful of your right and take care of your guns.

Our left is now on the ridges near the new-made works.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Grand Guards and Outposts.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 3, 1862 - 7 p. m.

General HAMILTON:

GENERAL: Throw out promptly vedettes, pickets, grand guards, scouts, and a line of skirmishers in rear of abatis on your front and flanks.

Pick up all the prisoners you can. Get all the information possible, which report promptly and often to these headquarters.

Furnish brigade commanders with a copy of this order as soon as possible. During the night and coming daylight much will depend on the vigilance of outposts and guards.

Our cavalry is on the southwest front, toward Bridge Creek.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

ARTHUR C. DUCAT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Grand Guards and Outposts.

OCTOBER 3, [1862] - 11.30 p. m.

General HAMILTON:

The general commanding wishes you to have your change of front executed to-night and not by any mans wait for daylight. The moon will furnish you sufficient light to distinguish well your ground. Please

