
notify General Davies, whose headquarters will be at Colonel Burke's (General Ord's old headquarters), as he will take possession of that battery, and you, if anything, will have to face a little east of north.

Respectfully,

S. C. LYFORD,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

[OCTOBER 3, 1862.]

General HAMILTON:

Your dispatch received. I had no intention o have you occupy the whole front of the rebel entrenchments, but to straddle the Purdy road, covering it effectually, resting your right flank upon the works wherever it may happen to come and placing your left within supporting distance of Davies. Should an attack develop itself on the northeasterly front the Fifth Iowa can get support from the garrison of the town and that long line from General Davies or General Stanley. It will be merely necessary to picket that front against a surprise. I would be glad to come out and examine that ground, but do not think you need it.

By order Major-General Rosecrans:

C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,October 3, 1862.

General HAMILTON,

Commanding Third Division:

Rest your left on General Davies and swing around your right and attack the enemy on their left flank, re-enforced on your right and center.

Be careful not to get under Davies' guns.

Keep your troops well in hand. Get well this way. Do not extend your right too much.

It looks as if it would be well to occupy the ridge where your skirmishers were when Colonel Ducat left by artillery well supported, but this may be farther to right than would be safe. use your direction. Opposite your center might be better now for your artillery. If you see your chance, attack fiercely.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General.

OCTOBER 3, 1862.

General HAMILTON:

Davies, it appears, has fallen behind the works, his left being pressed in. If this movement continues until he gets well drawn in you will make a flank movement if your front is not attacked, falling to the left of Davies when the enemy gets sufficiently well in, so as to have full sweep, holding a couple of regiments looking to the Purdy road. Examine and reconnoiter the ground for making this movement.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

H. G. KENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

