
which you consider had such happy results, and that an aide explained to you the intention thereof and its bearing on the battle to be fought.

The omission is grave and ought to be corrected.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Numbers 21.

Report of Major Albert M. Powell, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, including operations October 3-12.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTY., 3rd DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 14, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part the artillery under my charge took in the battle of Corinth and the pursuit:

At daylight on the 3rd instant the Third Division (General C. S. Hamilton) moved from camp an took up a position to the northwest of Corinth, upon the Purdy road, where it remained during the day, being but slightly engaged. In the evening it returned to town.

At daylight on the 4th the batteries were placed in position upon the ridges to the north and west of corinth, Captain Dillon (Sixth Wisconsin Battery) occupying the front upon the right of General Davies' division, his guns bearing upon the Purdy road; the Eleventh Ohio, Lieutenant Neil commanding; Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, Lieutenant McMurray commanding, and the Twelfth Wisconsin, Lieutenant Immell commanding, were 400 yards to the rear of the Sixth Wisconsin, forming a concave line, and placed from right to the left in the same orders as they are named above, their fire being concentrated upon the point where the Purdy road debouches from the timber and enters Corinth, at the same time commanding the position occupied by our forces in front. At about 10 a. m., when our center was driven in, the enemy appeared in strong force upon our right and front. It was at this time that the three reserve batteries of General Hamilton's division opened. They kept up an incessant fire for one hour, when the enemy, being unable to advance or hold his position, fell back. Our forces advanced and formed their old line.

I beg leave to call attention to Captain Dillon (Sixth Wisconsin Battery), who used his battery with much skill and deadly effect until overpowered by the enemy; Lieutenant Neil, commanding the Eleventh Ohio Battery; Lieutenant Immell, commanding the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, and Lieutenants McMurray and Tiemeyer, Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, all of whom showed themselves to be efficient and gallant officers. The men, with but few exceptions, I am proud to say, did their duty as men and soldiers.

On the morning of the 5th the Twelfth and Sixth Wisconsin and the Eleventh Ohio Batteries started in pursuit of the enemy, taking the Kossuth road. They returned on the 12th.

I was ordered to be ready with Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, to march at daylight on the 5th, with General McPherson's Railroad Division (the advance), in pursuit of the enemy. At 12 m. we came upon him at Chewalla, from which place, after a slight skirmish, he made a precipitate retreat while we were delayed in repairing a bridge and removing obstructions from the road. About 4 p. m. again encountered his rear guard at the Tuscumbia, where i shelled him and preparations for an attack were made by the general; but night coming

