
Numbers 23.

Report of Lieutenant James W. Archer, Fifty-ninth Indiana, commanding Forty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

CAMP, NEAR CORINTH, MISS., October 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on Saturday, October 4, after the battle had commenced, Lieutenant Colonel De W. C. Rugg, commanding the Forty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, was severely wounded in the foot and was carried the field. I was placed in command. At that time the regiment was immediately on the right of Sand's Eleventh Ohio Battery on the ridge, the second position the battery had battery had taken during the fight. The enemy were advancing rapidly and in great force upon the position, it being one of great importance. We kept up a steady fire upon the enemy, pouring in volley after volley upon them with great effect. their colors and the main body had advanced to within probably 75 yards, when the commanding officer fell from his horse killed or wounded; their line wavered, and, at a heavy volley from my regiment, in connection with the fire from the battery, they broke and fled. We followed at a run, firing as we went, and halted in line with the regiments right and left, when the enemy were driven entirely from the field. Our ammunition being nearly spent, the men picked up the enemy's cartridge-boxes, which were partly full, and fired them at the retreating foe. By my personal application General Rosecrans sent me, by one of his officers, a supply of ammunition, from which I got 60 rounds per man, and was again in readiness for the conflict.

I take pleasure in bearing testimony to the gallantry of the officers of the regiment and the steady and unflinching bravery of the men.

The loss of the regiment was: Killed, 4; wounded 2, of which 2 have since died. The loss of the regiment in killed and wounded, compared with the entire loss of the brigade, sufficiently proves the character of our share of the engagement. Among the wounded is the lieutenant-colonel and one captain.

on the morning of the 5th instant i asked to be relieved from the command, and, the major being under arrest, Lieutenant Colonel J. K. Scott was placed in command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES W. ARCHER,

First Lieutenant and Adjt., Fifty-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain J. P. FOLEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24.

Report of Colonel Jesse I. Alexander, Fifty-ninth Indiana Infantry, including operations October 3-12
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-NINTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 12, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Corinth, Miss., October 3 and 4:

In obedience to orders my command moved from our encampment

