
on Clear Creek, at about 6 a. m. of the 3d, numbering 30 commissioned officers and 606 enlisted men, 200 of whom were new recruits, never having been under fire. We marched through Corinth, and formed line of battle on the left of the brigade, about 2 1/2 miles northwest of the town. I was assigned the duty of supporting the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, Captain Dillon. We lay in line until about 3 p. m., when sharp skirmishing commenced on our front. We were ordered, together with the Fourth Minnesota and forty-eighth Indiana, to advance, which was done in good order. I ordered Company A, Captain McNaught, forward as skirmishers. They were soon warmly engaged with the enemy. The Fourth Minnesota and my own regiment advanced in line, when the enemy broke and ran. The Fourth Minnesota, being on the right, received most of the fire. At this time I received your order to retire, which was done, and we marched back to town and formed on a ridge near the position we occupied in the morning, where the men lay all night on their arms.

The casualties of the day were small. Lieutenant-Colonel Scott's horse was wounded soon after getting under fire and several of the men were slightly wounded.

At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 4th we were in line, and at day-dawn my command was detached from your brigade, by order of General Rosecrans, and assigned the duty of supporting Captain Powell's First Missouri Battery, posted on the left of the brigade. The fight in front of this battery was desperate. Three times the enemy attempted to charge, but was as often thrown into confusion by the iron hail of grape and canister which met them from this splendidly served battery. At this time a portion of the Eightieth Ohio broke and were retreating. I, with the help of some of my own officers and several officers of the Eightieth, rallied them, about 100 in number, with their standard, on the left of my regiment, where I ordered them to stay and fight.

The few officers of this squad acted well and were making superhuman efforts to rally the men. Their names are as follows: Captain Pren Metham, Company F; Captain Skeels, Company D; Lieutenant James Carnes, Company F; Lieutenant McLaughlin, Company D, and Lieutenant Farmer, Company F.

After the enemy had been driven from the field we were moved up to the brick school-house, where we lay all night. I had in all about 12 slightly wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg, of the Forty-eighth Indiana, being severely wounded, Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, of my regiment, was put in command, whereby I lost the services of this valuable officer.

Early on Sunday morning we resumed our place (the left of the First Brigade), and moved with the column in chase of the enemy on the Chewalla road. We found the dead bodies of the enemy for 5 miles on the road and the road lined with the castaway camp equipage of the enemy. We bivouacked in a thick woods on the right of the road.

Next morning we took the Kossuth road, passed Kossuth, and moved on to Rienzi, where we arrived about 7 p. m.

The next day we drew three days' rations, and started at 2 p. m. for the Hatchie River on the Ripley road. Nothing of interest transpired on the march. Arrived at hatchie at 7 p. m. and bivouacked.

Next morning detailed 30 men as fatigue party to build bridges and roads through the swamp and 100 men as grand guard. Lay all day in the sun.

The next morning we were ordered to retrace our steps to Rienzi, where we arrived about 11 a. m.

