
Next day we received orders to move to our old camp on Clear Creek, which was duly accomplished according to orders.

Every officer and soldier under my command did his duty faithfully.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JESSE I. ALEXANDER,

Colonel, Commanding Fifty-ninth Indiana.

Captain FOLEY,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 25.

Report of Colonel Charles L. Matthies, Fifth Iowa Infantry, including operations October 3-12.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 12, 1862.

Sir: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Fifth Iowa Infantry in the battle at Corinth the 3rd and 4th instant:

In obedience to orders we left camp about 3 o'clock the morning of the 3rd with three days' rations in the haversacks, and marched with the brigade to a point about half a mile north of Corinth, and were immediately ordered into line of battle. I had just placed my regiment in position when, by order of General Hamilton, we moved to the Pittsburg road and took a position within the entrenchments, to prevent a surprise in that direction. Two companies were detached to support a section a Missouri battery on the Farmington road and two companies to support a section of the same battery east of the Pittsburg road.

After strengthening our position with abatis we remained until 2 o'clock on the morning of the 4th, when, by order of General Buford, I moved my regiment toward town to rejoin the brigade, and took a position in line of battle, fronting north, on the left of the Eleventh Ohio Battery. Here he remained until about 10 o'clock, when the brigade was ordered forward, to prevent a flank movement which was being attempted by the enemy. My regiment advanced double-quick by the right flank to the right of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, and men then advanced in line of battle. After firing two volleys and giving three hearty cheers the enemy retreated, and we moved rapidly forward to the crest of the hill. Subsequently we took two other positions, when by order of General Hamilton we returned to our former position in line of battle north of town.

Here we remained until the following morning, when by order of General Hamilton we moved with the brigade in pursuit of the retreating enemy on the Chewalla road, and encamped that night about 8 miles from Corinth.

the next morning we were again on the march toward Kossuth over a rough and hilly road, making about 12 miles, passing wagons, camp equipage, ammunition, and arms which the enemy had thrown away in his hasty retreat.

The following morning we left our bivouac and marched toward Rienzi, reaching that place about dark, the men worn-out with fatigue and exposure and the suffering to which they had been subjected in

