
and had advanced but a short distance in a westerly direction before they drew a very heavy musketry fire from the enemy concealed in the timber. In the mean time I had wheeled my battalion to the left, so that I was fronting to the southwest. At this time the fire of the enemy was brisk and enfiladed nearly my whole line. At this moment Captain Moores, of Company K, commanding the skirmishers, and about 100 yards in advance on my right, beckoned to me with his sword, as if he desired to communicate important information, and I started him on a gallop, but had rode but a few steps when I saw him fall dead, shot through the head. From the course of the balls and the position which the enemy seemed to occupy I interpreted the information that Captain Moores desired to give to be that the enemy was passing to my rear by my right, my command at this time holding the right of the infantry of the whole army. These impression were immediately communicated to the general commanding the brigade, and I received orders to dislodge the enemy from the woods on my right. I at once changed the front of my battalion to the rear on the tenth company. this was done under a heavy fire of musketry in double-quick time, but with as much coolness and precision as if on ordinary battalion drill. This movement completed, i ordered the regiment forward at quick time until within about 150 paces of the enemy's line of battle at this point, when his fire was increased to a perfect shower of balls, and I gave the further command, "Forward 150 paces, double-quick!" This was executed in the most gallant and splendid manner. The regiment, in perfect line, with triumphant shouts, rushed forward against a most murderous fire, and when within 50 yards of the enemy's line he fled to the rear with the greatest precipitancy, receiving two or three full volleys from my regiment as he retired. Immediately after this was accomplished I receive your order to fall back and join Colonel Alexander (Fifty-ninth Indiana) on his right, which order was at once obeyed, and skirmishers thrown forward 100 paces to the front and around my right flank. It was now night, the men were exhausted, and obedient to orders, I moved to the first position held in the morning and bivouacked there at 11 p. m.

During the day my loss was 1 commissioned officer and 1 private killed and 4 men wounded. The heat during the engagement of my command was most intense, said to be 108 in the shade, and more men were carried off the field on litters from the effects of sun-stroke than from wounds. Ammunition was distributed to the men, so that each had 75 rounds, between 11 and 1 o'clock at night, and at 1.30 I received your order to move my command to the right, across the Pittsburg and Hamburg road and about 100 yards to the rear, which was done at once, and the regiment stood to arms, fronting the north, for the remaining portion of the night.

My command remained in this position until 10.30 o'clock the following morning, when I received your order to move by the left flank into position on the ridge at my left, in support of the Eleventh Ohio Battery. This orders was at once executed, and my front changed to the west. I formed my regiment about 50 feet in rear of this battery, which masked the six center companies. These six companies were ordered by me to fix bayonets and charge the enemy whenever he should charge upon the battery. Two companies on the right and two on the left were moved forward to the line of the guns of the battery, with instructions to engage the enemy with musketry whenever he might appear and meet him with the bayonet in case of charge. The enemy retired from the ground covered by the battery and from the

