
front of my regiment in about forty minutes after firing was commenced. I maintained the same relieve position to battery in its movements upon the field to get in rear on the enemy until your orders came to occupy again the ground when I went into action. I at once reoccupied that position, where I remained until the morning of the 5th instant at 4 o'clock, when the pursuit commenced.

In the engagement of the 4th (second day) I lost 1 commissioned officer and 5 privates wounded.

Of the pursuit it is enough to report that is was commenced on Sunday morning, the 5th instant, and continued without cessation or delay, except such as was absolutely to rest the men temporarily, until the following Saturday night, the troops having marched during that time about 120 miles.

I cannot speak too highly of the patient endurance and valor of my command. During a period of nine days of the most heated and most uncomfortable weather my regiment marched 130 miles, and for two days two nights of that time was engaged in one of the most extensive and desperate battles of the war.

The conduct of all officers was satisfactory. Captains Tourtellotte and Edson conducted themselves with most extraordinary coolness and determination.

My commissioned staff, First Lieutenant Thomas B. Hunt, regimental quartermaster, and First Lieutenant John M. Thompson, adjutant, behaved with coolness and judgment, and in the absence of other field officers rendered me efficient service in repeating commands and communicating orders.

Quartermaster Sergt. Frank E. Collins, for distinguished valor and service on the field, in aiding me in every movement and bringing prisoners from the field near the close of the engagement, deserves special mention.

Commissary Sergt. Thomas P. Wilson remained under fire all the time, directing litter-carries to the wounded and furnishing water to the famishing soldiers, as well as in repeating my commands when near the line.

Sergt. Major William T. Kittredge was among the coolest men on the field and most efficient until he was overcome by sun-stroke.

The surgeon, Dr. J. H. Murphy, and second assistant surgeon, Dr. H. R. Wedel, conducted their department with perfect order and method, and every wound was dressed in a few moments after it was received and the wounded cared for in the most tender manner.

I inclose list of killed and wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Minnesota Volunteer Infantry.

Captain J. P. FOLEY, Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Third Div.

Numbers 27.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John H. Holman, Twenty-sixth Missouri Infantry, including operations October 3-12.
HDQRS. 26TH MISSOURI VOLS., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 14, 1862.

GENERAL: I beg leave to submit the following report of the action

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 174.

---------------

