
of the troops under my command during the battle of Corinth on October 3 and 4:

On the morning of the 3rd I was directed to take position with my regiment on the right and left of the Eleventh Ohio Battery, and continued to remain in that position during the day.

On the morning of the 4th I was directed to occupy the right of the battery with the whole command, which position brought me on the extreme right of our line. I deployed two companies as skirmishers, in accordance with previous orders, covering our right flank, which afforded ample protection from the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters, who appeared in small numbers in that direction. During the charge of the right upon the enemy my advance was so rapid that my skirmishers, previously deployed, were unable to cover my flank, and my command, as well as the battery, became suddenly exposed to the fire of the rebel sharpshooters. Fortunately I had held in reserve my Sharps rifle skirmishing company, and at a word of command they went to their with such alacrity and precision as to completely rout the enemy, killing and wounding many and capturing 1 lieutenant and 48 privates and non-commissioned officers. I captured in all 52 prisoners.

My command afterward joined in the pursuit of the enemy, and no hardship or privation was too great for them to endure while there was any prospect of success before them.

I further beg leave to report that during the entire engagement all the officers in my command, with but one exception, gave me their support, and behaved with coolness and courage worthy of their positions.

JOHN H. HOLMAN,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Twenty-sixth Missouri Volunteers.

Numbers 28.

Report of Lieutenant Junius W. MacMurray, Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, including operations October 3-12.
HDQRS. BATTERY M, FIRST MISSOURI LIGHT ARTILLERY,Corinth, Miss., October 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and employments of Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, under my command, during the battle of Corinth and the subsequent pursuit

of the enemy:

At daylight on the 3rd instant I moved with General Hamilton's division from camp and took position on the Purdy road near the old earthworks and remained during the day without being engaged, at dark returning to the town. At daylight on the 4th the battery was placed upon and commanding the Pittsburg road, upon a ridge to the northwest of town, where it remained until about 10 a. m., when its position was changed to a ridge some 200 yards to the left and between the Twelfth Wisconsin and Eleventh Ohio Batteries, which were then in action. The battery immediately opened fire case-shots and percussion-shells, the left gun rendering untenable by the enemy the redoubt on the right of General Davies' division, from which our troops had been driven, the remainder of the battery in the mean time playing on the rebel columns in the woods.

