
On the morning of the 5th battery moved at daybreak with General McPerson's Railroad Division (the advance) in pursuit of the enemy. At 12 m. we overtook him at Chewalla, from which place, after a slight skirmish, he made a precipitate retreat while we were delayed in repairing a bridge and removing obstructions from the road. We again encountered his rear guard at the Tuscumbia at 4 p. m. One section was ordered to the front and his line driven back by a few discharges of case and percussion shells. Preparations were made to attack him in force, but night prevented. During the night he crossed the river and, destroying the bridge, continued his retreat. The next morning we continued to purse, and arrived at 2 p. m. at the burning ruins of Crum's Mill, on the Hathie. After a delay of three hours in rebuilding the bridge we moved to Jonesborough, where we halted for the night.

The next day, the 7th, we came upon them near Ruckersville, attacked and drove them before us.

Upon the morning of the 8th the division entered Ripley.

On the 10th a section under Lieutenant Tiemeyer went out on the Oxford road as far as Tippah Creek. They saw nothing of the enemy.

At 1.30 a. m. of the 11th we moved from Ripley and reached Corinth at 5 p. m. on the 12th instant.

I beg leave to thank Lieutenant Tiemeyer of the battery for his prompt and able assistance. Of the gallantry and energy displayed by the men of my command I cannot speak too highly. Where all did their duty so well it would be injustice to mention special cases.

During the battle of Corinth and the subsequent pursuit there were expended 210 rounds of ammunition. No casualties occurred.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. MACMURRAY,

First Lieutenant, First Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Battery M.

Major A. M. POWELL,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 29.

Report of Lieutenant Henry M. Neil, Eleventh Ohio Battery,

Camp at Corinth, Miss., October 14, 1862.

In compliance with your order of October 13 I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Eleventh Ohio Battery in the action before Corinth, Miss., October 3 and 4:

The battery advanced with the brigade on the morning of the 3rd instant, was placed in position behind the breastworks commanding the Purdy road, the Twenty-sixth Missouri acting as its support on both right and left. It remained in this position throughout the day, not being called into action, and in the evening returned with the brigade, and rested that night upon the first ridge in front of General Hamilton's headquarters.

At 2 a. m. on the 4th two sections of the battery (remaining section being disabled) changed position about 100 yards to the right, the Fifth Iowa supporting it upon the right, the Fourth Minnesota on the left, the Twenty-sixth Missouri being immediately in the rear. The battery

15 R R - VOL VXII

