
remained in this position until about 10 a. m., when it advanced with the brigade about 200 yards and opened fire upon the enemy. After the firing had continued about half an hour the enemy gave way and commenced a precipitate retreat, upon which the battery advanced about 1 1/4 miles and fired a few rounds in the direction of their retreat. It then returned and took the same position which it occupied in the morning.

Two hundred and fourteen rounds of ammunition were expended during the engagement. None of the members of the battery were killed, and but 4 wounded, viz, Asa Burch, James Devine, P. Lacy, and Robert Stewart.

Upon the morning of the 5th the brigade started in pursuit of the retreating enemy, the battery accompanying and remaining with it until its return to Corinth on the 13th instant:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. M. NEIL,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Eleventh Ohio Battery.

Captain POWELL,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 30.

Report of Brigadier General Jeremiah C. Sullivan, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, THIRD DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 11, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I herewith submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade, Third Division, Army of the Mississippi, in the battle of Corinth, on the 3rd and 4th instant, and the subsequent pursuit of the enemy:

At 1.30 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant I received orders from General C. S. Hamilton, commanding the Third Division, Army of the Mississippi, to form my brigade and march to Corinth, distant from my encampment about 3 miles. I was informed by his aide that Major-General Price, of the rebel army, was expected to make an attack at daylight on Corinth with 40,000 men, and that our troops were being rapidly concentrated to defend the position. Allowing the men to cook a hasty breakfast, tents were struck, wagons packed, and the brigade, with its entire train of camp and garrison equipage, was in motion by 3 o'clock. the prospect of again meeting General Price aroused the enthusiasm of the troops, which was a sure presage of victory.

On arriving at Corinth our first line was formed under the immediate direction of General Hamilton, which position was occupied until about 9 a. m., when orders were received to advance on the Purdy road and occupy the breastworks between the Purdy road and swamp, which lies to the right of the railroad, and joining which, immediately across the railroad, the right of General Davies' division rested.

By the time the last position was taken the enemy made a determined attack on General Davies' division in overpowering numbers, and although resisted gallantry the superior numerical forces of the enemy compelled our troops to fall back, thus exposing our left flank to the enemy's attack. Our front was immediately changed, and a ridge was

