
our center. Heroically our boys rushed to the fight; two well-delivered volleys, a charge, a cheer, and the enemy fled. leaving us their colors, their dead, wounded, and over 300 prisoners. The enemy was routed on our right wing and our part of the line was safe.

Where each regiment and the batteries of my brigade won imperishable honor by their steadfastness and bravery through two days' hard fighting it is hard to particularize the deed which entitles them to most merit. On the first day's fight the Seventeenth and Tenth iowa and the Eightieth Ohio, by their steadiness and coolness in marching to make the attack upon the enemy's flank, deserve special mention. One company of the Seventeenth Iowa fought a superior force of the enemy until they had expended all their cartridges and were compelled to fall back for a supply. One company of the Eightieth Ohio brought off safely 33 prisoners, taken under a heavy fire and in the presence of a greatly superior force of the enemy. The Tenth Iowa maintained its usual name for discipline and courage.

On the second day the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois charged the enemy and retook two batteries. Their courage was deserving of all praise, as five times their numbers had fled ingorously from the foe they drove from the field. For over half an hour the Tenth Missouri had sustained a fire of musketry without answering, losing one-sixth of their number killed and wounded. The Fifty-sixth Illinois in this their first fight proved that consciousness of a just cause makes men invisible. All honor to their noble dead; praise and credit to the living.

The Eightieth Ohio, after losing their only field officer present, nobly fought on, nor ceased until the fight was done. Their list of dead and wounded proves the position they held was one of danger, and by their valor they made it the post of honor.

The Tenth Iowa sustained the brunt of the first attack of the enemy until the regiment on their left gave way and their flank was exposed, when they slowly fell back fighting.

The Seventeenth Iowa had the honor of driving back the enemy from the position once occupied by Davies' division and advancing in pursuit until ordered to halt by General Rosecrans, who feared their valor was leading them beyond prudence. They captured a stand of colors, which I suggest be sent to the Governor of their State.

Of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery I cannot say too much. Twice they have been tried in desperate battles and twice they have proven themselves heroes.

The Sixth Wisconsin Battery effectively worked their pieces in the early part of the action, but being feebly supported, were so unfortunate as to lose their guns; but when quickly retaken and returned to their possession did fearful execution in the enemy's ranks.

To Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, commanding the Tenth Missouri Volunteers, I am indebted for assistance while I was temporarily disabled. His intelligence, coolness, bravery, and well-disciplined regiment entitle him to my favorable notice and I trust to some mark of approbation from the Government.

To Major Banbury, Fifth Iowa, temporarily in command of the Seventeenth Iowa; to Lieutenant-Colonel Raum, commanding Fifty-sixth Illinois; to Major McCalla, commanding Tenth Iowa; to Captain Dillon, commanding Sixth Wisconsin Battery, and to Lieutenant Immell, commanding Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, I am especially indebted. Their desire seems to be to do their duty; Their pride in knowing it is well done.

To Major Lanning, Eightieth Ohio, who yielded up his life in battling

