
for our glorious flag. which traitor hands were trying to destroy, no words of mine can add honor. He died a soldier's death. His body fills a patriot's grave. He will ever live in the memory of his comrades in arms.

The reports of commanding officers are herewith submitted, with the names of officers and men who distinguished themselves on those memorable days.

Of my own staff, who were under fire during the entire two days, I desire to make particular mention of Captain Harris, assistant adjutant-general, who, while carrying orders on the field, narrowly escaped with his life, receiving a wound in the hand and having his clothes torn with bullets. To Lieutenant Jacobson, who was on the field lending assistance, rallying the men and carrying orders, and to Lieutenant Buchanan, my aide-de-camp, for his willingness and bravery, I am greatly indebted, and desire to recommenced both to the Governor of their State as worthy of promotion, as they will fill credit to themselves and honor to the State any post they may be instructed with.

To Serg. B. A. May, Thirteenth Indiana Volunteers, i called especial attention. I recommend him as worthy to fill, by his education and bravery, a higher position in the U. S. Army.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Numbers 31.

Report of Colonel Samuel A. Holmes, Tenth Missouri Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI VOL., INFTY.,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 12, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The following is my report of the movements of the Tenth Regiment of Missouri Infantry during the battle of Corinth and of the Second Brigade, third Division, while under my command, by reason of the disability of Brigadier-General Sullivan:

The regiment moved before daylight on the morning of the 3rd with the rest of the brigade from the camp south of Corinth to the plateau to the north, and about 1 mile from the center of the town. The brigade was here formed in line of battle, Immell's battery on the left, occupying a crest commanding the Purdy road, supported by the Tenth Missouri Regiment, formed in column by division on its right, the rest of the brigade extending eastwardly in line facing and near to the woods. By order of the brigadier-general commanding I detached 300 men of the Tenth Missouri, under Major Leonidas Horney, to make a reconnaissance to the northwest, on the Purdy road, with instructions to advance 3 or 4 miles, as occasion might require, and observe the movements of the enemy. Shortly after this the rest of my regiment moved with the brigade out the same road about 2 miles, and took position in the old rebel entrenchments, supporting the same battery on the right. The brigade remained in this position until about 12 o'clock, no enemy showing himself in front, although constant and heavy skirmishing

