
JULY 13, 1862.-Skirmish near Wolf River, Tenn.

Report of Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

MOSCOW, July 14, 1862.

Yesterday one of our forage trains, guarded by 50 cavalry, was fired on by a party that immediately fled, having killed 1 man and wounded 3 of ours. The attacking party was composed of horsemen, but their dress was not clearly seen in the ambush. I believe they were citizens, hastily called together to fire on the train as it was returning loaded, and have sent a strong party to bring in 25 of the most prominent of the vicinity, each with a horse, saddle, and bridle, whom I wish to send to La Grange and thence under guard to Columbus by to-morrow's train. I am satisfied we have no other remedy for this ambush firing than to hold the neighborhood fully responsible, though the punishment may fall on the wrong parties. The scene of the occurrence was 7 miles out south of Wolf River, and 2 1/2 miles from where I have a regiment on picket.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

General HALLECK.

JULY 20, 1862.-Affair at Hatchie Bottom, Miss.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Robert H. G. Minty, Third Michigan Cavalry.

RIENZI, MISS., July 20, 1862.

Company H, on picket at Hatchie Bottom, cut off this morning at 2 o'clock. I fear that Lieutenant Scheffler and 29 men have been taken prisoners.

R. H. G. MINTY,

Lieutenant-Colonel Third Michigan Cavalry.

General GRANGER.

JULY 25-AUGUST 1, 1862.-Expedition from Holly Springs, Miss., to Bolivar and Jackson, Tenn.

Report of Colonel Joseph Wheeler, commanding Cavalry Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY BRIGADE, Holly Springs, Miss., August 1, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 19th ultimo I received orders to relieve General Chalmers in command of the Cavalry Brigade. I learned from him that part of the brigade had been ordered to select some point in Mississippi to recuperate their horses and the balance were then marching by regiment toward Tupelo. Every possible exertion was used to intercept the command and order it back toward Holly Springs; but on account of the regiments being much separated it was impossible to concentrate sufficient force to accomplish any object before the 25th ultimo, at which time I started toward Tennessee with parts of Jackson's, Wade's, Pinson's, and Slemons' regiments-in all about 1,000 men.

On my first arrival at Holly Springs, in accordance with instructions,

