
was going on in the woods with some other part of the army some distance across the open fields to our left and rear. The brigade now again moved by the right flank down the entrenchments and then filed to the right along the woods, fronting westwardly on the open fields last named, as I have since understood, with the view of attacking the left flank of the enemy, advancing down the railroad. I was here detached from the brigade with the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois Regiments, with orders to occupy the edge of the woods, which I did, throwing out two companies as skirmishers some 400 yards to the front. The remainder of the brigade passed on toward the railroad, where it encountered the enemy, advancing in heavy force, and, gallantly fighting, was gradually pressed back toward the Purdy road, on which we had come out in the morning. To my left a portion of the First Brigade was already posted, and the right now coming up to my position I moved my two regiments to the right, uncovering its front, with my right resting on the old rebel works. I was here joined by Major Horney with his detachment, and under the orders of Brigadier-General Hamilton I moved the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois Regiments back to the angle of the Purdy road and the rebel entrenchments and halted. About 4 p. m. I was ordered by General Hamilton, at the request of brigadier-General Sullivan, to relieve him and take command of the brigade. I accordingly at once reported to him in person, and finding him very much exhausted and barely able to keep his saddle, I took command. I found the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery posted near a house, on a prominent crest, on the Purdy road, about 1,000 yards in advance of its first position taken in the morning, supported on the left by the Tenth Iowa Regiment and on the right by the Eightieth Ohio Regiment, and the Seventeenth Iowa extended along the road and near to and fronting the woods through which this portion of the brigade had retired. The enemy kept showing themselves in considerable numbers in front and particularly to the left of this position, as if designing to penetrate there, but were kept at bay by the excellent handling of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, Lieutenant Immell commanding. I immediately reported to General Hamilton the dangerous state of the case, with a request for the other two regiments of the brigade, which was granted. I also received orders from him to hold the ground until dark, and then to quietly remove the brigade back to the position which it occupied in the morning. Leaving one regiment as outposts, I brought down the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois Regiments, and posted them to the left and rear of the Tenth Iowa Regiment, warding the threatened flank movement of the enemy. At dark I quietly withdrew the brigade, with the exception of the Tenth Iowa, left as outposts. Immell's (Wisconsin) battery (Twelfth) was posted in its first position on the crest, supported on the right by the Tenth Missouri and the Fifty-sixth Illinois Regiments and on the left by the Eightieth Ohio Regiment. Dillon's (Sixth Wisconsin) battery was placed in the redoubt, supported by the Seventeenth Iowa Volunteers. About 10 p. m. I received orders to change my whole line, and to take up a position farther to the right and rear, nearly at a right angle to the one now held, with my right connecting with the First Brigade. After having examined the ground I brought the brigade into the new position selected. I placed Immell's (Twelfth Wisconsin) battery at the white house, in the center of the plateau, supported on the right by the Tenth Missouri, and the Fifty-sixth Illinois in a second line, 200 yards in the rear; on the left by the Eightieth Ohio Regiment, with the Seventeenth Iowa in the second line, and on the left of the whole Dillon's (Sixth

