
Wisconsin) battery. The brigade remained in this position until morning.

At daybreak of the 4th, perceiving that my right was too close upon the reserve of the First Brigade, and that owing to the darkness Dillon's battery was not effectually posted, I advanced the latter to the crest, commanding the Purdy road, and moved to its support, on the left, the Eightieth Ohio regiment, and on the right the Tenth Iowa Regiment, which was now withdraw from outpost for that purpose. The Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois were then placed on the left of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery in line of battle in the order named, the Seventeenth Iowa Regiment being drawn up in rear of the whole in column by division as a reserve. This was the position occupied by the brigade during the battle, with the changes incident to the field, my right resting on the left of the First Brigade and my left connecting with the right rear of Davies' division.

About 8.30 o'clock the enemy made the grand attack upon the center and right wing of the army, advancing in heavy masses from the woods all along the front and down the Purdy road. That portion of the brigade first exposed to attack was Captain Dillon's Sixth Wisconsin Battery and its supports. These for a while gallantly maintained their position against an overwhelming force. Soon the line of Davies' division, to their left, began to give way in confusion, and almost at the same time the Eightieth ohio Regiment wa forced back from its position in disorder, followed by the limbers and caissons of the battery. The enemy rushed up and took possession, killing the gunners at their guns. The gallant Tenth Iowa, under Major McCalla, gradually fell back some 300 yards, fighting as they went. The battery and redoubt to the left Sixth Wisconsin, as well as the whole line, now seemed to be in possession of the enemy, and the fugitives came pouring on in great numbers through and over the lines of the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois, which still bravely held their ground under the most terrific fire. Immell's Twelfth Wisconsin Battery at the white house, as soon as the enemy had obtained possession of the crest, opened upon them with great effected, and, aided by the well-directed fire of the Tenth Missouri and Fifty-sixth Illinois, repeatedly drove them back out of sight and prevented the removal of the guns. Never could any battery do more effective service at a more critical period. The enemy had now advanced in large numbers from the direction of the redoubt, under cover of houses, toward the front of the Fifty-sixth illinois and left of the Tenth Missouri, and were pouring upon them a most galling fire. Seeing that Lieutenant-Colonel Raum, of the Fifty-sixth Illinois, was wheeling his regiment to the left, preparatory to making a charge, I gave the order to Major Horney, commanding the Tenth Missouri, to retake the Sixth Wisconsin battery with the bayonet, and away went these regiments to their work at double-quick in the most splendid style.

The Tenth Missouri regiment retook the Sixth Wisconsin Battery and turned the guns upon the flying enemy, serving them with such ammunition as was found upon the ground. The Tenth Iowa Regiment quickly came forward to its original position, which was maintained during the remainder of the day. The two last-named regiments were here exposed to a severe fire of the enemy, who still held possession of the redoubt on their left, and from which he was finally expelled after a sharp contest. The troops of Davies' division gradually came back to their original position, and the whole line was held to the end of the action. Shortly after it was retaken Dillon's battery was withdraw

