
from the field for want of men and ammunition to serve the guns. In making this report it may be proper for me to state that during the action I was not advised of the presence of the brigadier-general commanding upon the field, although alter I learned that notwithstanding his physical condition he was there personally heading a gallant charge of the Seventeenth Iowa Regiment, taken from the reserve, in which a rebel flag was captured.

For the part taken in the battle by my regiment during the time I was in command of the brigade I desire to refer to the report of Major Leonidas Horney, herewith inclosed. I cannot at the same time too much commenced the coolness and gallantry of that fine officer during the whole day, and especially in the charge upon and recapture of the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, in which he was wounded, but refused to leave the field. Adjt. Francis C. Deimling, of the same regiment, deserves honorable mention for exemplary bravery on the same occasion and throughout the day.

Among other events deserving of a particular mention was the brilliant fighting of the Fifty-sixth Illinois Regiment, under the gallant Lieutenant-Colonel Raum. Too much importance cannot be attached to his prompt action at a very critical moment of the day. Great credit is also due to the Tenth Iowa Regiment, under Major McCalla, for the steadiness with which it maintained its support of the Sixth Wisconsin Battery until overwhelmed and the promptness with which it again resumed its place. The brave Major Lanning fell trying to rally his regiment when forced from its position, and deserves to be held in grateful remembrance as a gallant soldier.

I also desire to make honorable mention of the brigade from Captain Thomas H. Harris, assistant adjutant-general, who was slightly wounded in the hand; also from Lieuts. T. Jacobson and A. S. Buchanan, of the brigade staff.

The loss of the Tenth Missouri Regiment in the action was 12 killed, 76 wounded (2 of whom are since dead), and 3 missing, a list of whom is hereto appended.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

SAML. A. HOLMES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain T. H. HARRIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, 2nd Brigadier, 3rd Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 32.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Green B. Raum, Fifty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-SIXTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Kossuth, Miss., October 7, 1862.

SIR: I embrace the first leisure moments to submit a report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of the 3rd and 4th instant in defence of Corinth:

My regiment was not engaged on the 3d. On the morning of the

---------------

* Embodied in revised statement, p. 174, and embracing casualties in Company F, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry attached.

---------------

