
I remained in this position but a short time when I was ordered forward, just as the troops on our right were falling back quite fast, and with the balance of our brigade I marched the regiment forward to the brow of the hill, firing and driving the enemy before us. After firing and driving the enemy for probably twenty minutes we were ordered to charge, which we did, taking quite a number of prisoners and capturing a rebel flag from (I understand from the prisoners) the Fortieth Mississippi Regiment. Corporal King, of Company G, Was the first to lay hands on the rebel colors, and took the bearer prisoners and brought him to the rear of our lines.

I cannot speak in too high terms of praise of both officers and men throughout the regiment. Not a man in the entire regiment enviced the slightest inclination to shirk or fall back, and all, without a single exception, stood up to the work nobly and with an apparent determination to drive the rebels back at all hazards.

As the regiment was under your immediate observation during the entire engagement I do not deem it necessary to mention any as deserving of more mention, but will leave for you to say whether any are entitled to more praise than that already received by this report.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

J. BANBURY,

Major Fifth, Commanding Seventeenth Iowa Infantry.

Brigadier-General SULLIVAN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 35.

Report of Major Leonidas Horney, Tenth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH Regiment MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,October 12, 1862.

I have the honor to report that on the morning of October 3, in obedience to orders from Major General C. S. Hamilton, you placed under my command seven companies of the Tenth Missouri Volunteers, with which command I marched from Corinth on the Purdy road about 4 miles, and not being able to discover the enemy in force on that road, I returned on said road to within about 2 miles of Corinth, where I halted my command and threw forward and to the west of the road Lieutenant Stevenson with Company F in skirmishing order. At about 500 yards they came on and captured a Confederate soldier, from whom I learned that the enemy's left wing rested within a short distance of my position. I immediately retired down the road toward Corinth about 1 mile, where I found you in position on the road. About 4 p. m., by your order, I took command of the Tenth Missouri Regiment at the same time you took command of the brigade. We varied but little from that position until near night, when it became apparent the enemy's main attack was to our left, and that they were steadily driving our forces close on the north side of Corinth, when your ordered me to move the regiment on the Purdy road to a position near Corinth, which I did, and finally after dark took position, by your order, on the right of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery and rested on our arms for the night.

