
Numbers 36.

Report of Major Richard Lanning, Eightieth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp on Ripley Road, Miss., October 9,* 1862.

SIR: I herewith send you the following report of the part taken in the late engagement at Corinth, Miss.:

The fight commenced on Friday morning, 3rd instant, about 6 o'clock, and continued with very little intermission until night. The brigade of which we formed a part was not engaged in action until about 3 p. m., when we were drawn up in line of battle and our artillery planted. Our position was on the left of our division, the first brigade forming our extreme right. We were here subjected to a galling fire from the enemy's battery on our left. Companies A, B, and F were here deployed as skirmishers. We were then ordered to change position and advance steadily to the front. We formed our line immediately on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, the Tenth Iowa on our right. We were here exposed to a very severe fire from the enemy's batteries, which were planted in short range in our front and right. We remainder here but a short time, when we were ordered to move a short distance to the left. After some sharp skirmishing we were ordered to fall back, which we did in good order, capturing about 50 prisoners, including a captain and lieutenant. We were then ordered to a position near Corinth, where we rested on our arms for the night. No men killed or wounded.

R. LANNING,

Major, Commanding Eightieth Ohio Volunteers,

Per S. S. WEST,

Sergeant-Major and Acting Adjutant.

Brigadier General J. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 37.

Report of Captain David Skeels, Eightieth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Camp on Ripley Road, Miss., October 9, 1862.

SIR: On Saturday, the 4th instant, about 4 a. m., we were moved on to the field and took our position on the left of the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, forming the extreme left of our division. A body of sharpshooters had been deployed as skirmishers in our front. Being greatly overpowered, they were compelled to fall back, when the Eightieth Regiment fired a tremendous volley of musketry on the advancing rebels and continued a dreadful fire, thinning the enemy's ranks and nobly holding their position against greatly superior numbers until the battery on our left had been silenced and the Sixth Wisconsin Battery, on our right, in the hands of the enemy. We were now flanked by the rebels both right and left, and, after having been ordered twice to retreat, fell back before the enemy. Scarcely had Major Lanning repeated the order to fall back when he fell from his horse mortally wounded, and died soon after. The Eightieth was now left without any

---------------

* But Major Lanning was killed October 4.

---------------

