
My loss in the aggregate during the two days was 26-5 killed (including 1 lieutenant) and 21 wounded.

Our pieces soon fell into our hands in as good condition as when abandoned.

When mustering my remaining effective men I again took the field with a four-gun battery, but I was not again brought under fire during the day.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient,

HENRY DILLON,

Captain, Commanding Sixth Wisconsin Battery.

T. H. HARRIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, Third Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 39.

Report of Lieutenant Lorenzo D. Immell, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Twelfth Wisconsin Battery.
HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH WISCONSIN BATTERY,Camp in the Field, October 9, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery in the battle of the 4th instant at Corinth:

Under direction of Colonel Holmes, of the Tenth Regiment Missouri Infantry, a point was selected and the battery placed in position. The position chosen was a good one, having a range or field of fire comprising nearly half a circle - right, front and left. The battery was posted a short distance to the north and east of the town and in the right wing of the army commanded by General C. S. Hamilton. The battle raged furiously in our front for some time. Batteries D, K, and H, of the First Missouri and the Sixth Wisconsin, were silenced and taken after hard fighting in our front. The enemy still advanced in great numbers, driving back our front line amid the most terrific firing all along the line from right to left. At 8.45 a. m. the battery opened fire on the advancing lines of the enemy with shell and case-shot, being supported by the Tenth Missouri and Forty-eighth Indiana Regiments of Infantry, who never fell back, but poured into the enemy's lines a most destructive fire of musketry. The enemy continuing to advance, my guns were double-shotted with canister and fired with great rapidity until every round of that description of ammunition in our chests was expended, as well as all contained in the ammunition wagon. One gun in the battery was disabled after firing but 15 rounds by having a shell wedged in the bore, and was sent to the rear for repairs and was not again in the action. The remaining guns were fired with great dexterity, consuming in all 507 rounds of ammunition, until the enemy was routed.

I am highly pleased with the manner in which the non-commissioned officers and men handled their guns, obeying every command and performing promptly every duty assigned them.

I would respectfully call your attention to the gallant conduct of First Sergt. Samuel E. Jones and Corpl. Marcus Amsden, both of whom distinguished themselves to a high degree.

During the continuance of the battle my attention was called to a number of the enemy's sharpshooters who had advanced to within a

16 R R - VOL XVII

