
short distance of our line under cover of some buildings, and by direction of Captain Harris, assistant adjutant-general, of General Sullivan's staff, who gave the notice of their position, I turned two guns on the buildings, which drove them out in a very short time. Many shells were fired over our advancing infantry into the retreating rebels.

Our loss in the battle was, wounded, 4 (slightly), and 4 horses killed.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

L. D. IMMELL,

Second Lieutenant, First Mo. Lt. Arty., Commanding Twelfth Wis. Batty.

Major A. M. POWELL,

Chief of Artillery, Third Division, Army of the Miss.

Numbers 40.

Report of Colonel John K. Mizner, third Michigan Cavalry, commanding Cavalry Division, including operations October 1-12.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Corinth, Miss., October 19, 1862.

COLONEL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 254, of october 9 1862, calling for reports from the division commanders of the part taken by their respective commands in the battle of Corinth and the ensuing pursuit of the enemy, I have the honor to submit the following:

No sooner had the enemy commenced concentrating his forces, by massing his columns at Ripley, than their movements were discovered by our scouts, and strong parties of cavalry were immediately sent to Kossuth toward Baldwyn, out on the Purdy road, and to Chewalla.

On October 1 a portion of the Third Michigan Cavalry, occupying a position near Kossuth, proceeding via Bone Yard to Davis' Bridge, were attacked by the enemy's advancing column, and after a short skirmish the enemy retired. Captain Wilcox, commanding the party, caused the bridge over the Hatchie at this point at this point to be destroyed. At this time Colonel Lee, with a portion of his brigade was stationed at Bone Yard, from which point he sent out scouting parties on the various roads, and discovered that the enemy were advancing in strong force from Ripley, through Ruckersville to Jonesborough and thence northward. Guided by the information gained from his scouts, Colonel Lee pushed across the Hatchie with a portion of his command to ascertain the strength of the enemy's column; reached the vicinity of Ruckersville on the evening of the 1st instant just as the enemy's main column passed the town, and dashing in with a battalion of cavalry attacked their rear guard, and after twenty minutes' severe skirmishing completely routed them, capturing 50 prisoners. Colonel Lee then returned to the east side of the Hatchie, guarding the various crossing of that stream and watching closely the movements of the enemy. Captain Smith, with the Third Battalion of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, was stationed at the junction of the Purdy with the Chewalla and Hamburg roads to watch the movements of the enemy in that direction. He had some slight skirmishing with the enemy, but held his position until 2 p. m. on the 4th, reporting frequently; when, finding his communication cut off, he made a detour to the right of our lines, coming into the Pittsburg road, and after making a reconnaissance on that road returned to Corinth. Colonel Hatch, with his command, was stationed at Rorey's

