
Mill with an advance of one battalion at Jacinto. He scouted the various roads leading south and southeast, but discovered no force moving from that direction.

On the 3rd he was ordered, with his command, to corinth, and was employed during that day making a reconnaissance north and west of Corinth and in watching the enemy's movements in that direction.

On the morning of the 4th Colonel Hatch proceeded with his brigade and a section of artillery, under Lieutenant Green, north, on the Purdy road, to operate on the enemy's left flank; but before proceeding beyond the old rebel breastworks met the enemy's skirmishers in heavy force. He placed his artillery in position, sent forward a battalion of cavalry (dismounted) to its support, keeping the remainder of his command in reserve, and held this point until General Hamilton's division came up and occupied the position. The enemy having fallen back Colonel Hatch then moved north 2 miles, crossing the railroad, moved west 5 miles, then southwest 2 miles. Here he placed his artillery in position to command the Chewalla road, and held his command ready to intercept the trains of the enemy, and remained at this point until ordered to return to Corinth. Colonel Lee remained on the Kossuth road until the evening of the 3d, when he was directed to return to Corinth. he arrived late at night and bivouacked. His command occupied a position in front of General McKean's division, on our southwest front, sending out scouts during the night.

On the took position in line of battle in rear of our left wing and sent four companies (dismounted) to skirmish on our left flank, relieving the men from time to time during the engagement.

Major Snoddy, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, was sent, with four companies of his regiment to guard the Tuscumbia Bridge and to watch the enemy's movements on their right flank. He was twice engaged with a small force of the enemy and twice routed them. The enemy, after repeated assault upon our works and vain but desperate endeavors to occupy the town and drive us from our position, fell back in disorder and began a precipitate retreat.

The Third Michigan Cavalry, under Captain Willcox, guarded the various road north of Corinth during the night of the 3rd and during the battle on the 4th was posted in rear of and protecting our right flank. During the pursuit his command moved with Colonel Hatch's brigade, to which it belongs. Detached companies were employed from time to time on the 3rd and 4th in keeping the infantry in line and in gathering stragglers; also in patrolling the town and preserving order. During the retreat the main body of the cavalry formed two flanking columns, one brigade with a section of artillery, under Colonel Hatch, moving on the north side, and one brigade of cavalry, a section of artillery, and two companies of infantry, under Colonel Lee, on the south side of the Chewalla road, making frequent dashes upon the enemy's flanks, harassing them, hanging continually on their skirts, and impeding their retreat, while different detachments formed the advance of the main columns.

Captain Smith, with a battalion of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, formed the advance guard of General McPerson's column, and was three times engaged with the enemy's rear guard, capturing prisoners, horses, and arms, and on the return of our forces from Ripley acted as the rear guard to the troops under General McPherson.

Captain Funke, commanding four companies of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, formed the advance to General McArthur's column and performed excellent service. It also acted, in conjunction with the Fifth

