
become known, have ever been ready to fall upon the enemy wherever found. To watch and to know being their province, all the preliminaries to a battle devolve upon them, and in the headlong pursuit and rout of an enemy the cry is always for the cavalry. Both during the approach of the enemy and his subsequent disastrous retreat were the invaluable services of the cavalry seen. To a portion of this command, under Colonel Lee, who, by forced marches and overcoming all difficulties, much praise is due for taking the lead and being the first to enter, occupy, and hold the town of Ripley until the main columns were brought up. The distance traveled, the labor performed, and the fatigue endured by the cavalry is almost incredible, and all this, so cheerfully performed and with such alacrity and spirit, entitle all to the highest commendations.

The colonel commanding takes pleasure in bearing testimony to the zeal, enterprise, and spirit displayed by the officers and men of his command, among whom he wishes to mention Colonel A. L. Lee, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade; Colonel E. Hatch, Second Iowa cavalry, commanding First Brigade; Captain L. G. Willcox, Third Michigan Cavalry; Major D. E. Coon, Second Iowa Cavalry; Captain J. C. Smith, Fifth Ohio Cavalry; Captain Otto Funke, Eleventh Ohio Cavalry, and Major Snoddy, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding brigades, regiments, and detachments, and the officers and men under their command, who all acted most nobly.

Notwithstanding the danger to which the cavalry was exposed the list of casualties, I am happy to state, is exceedingly small. I have only to report 5 killed, 21 wounded, and 12 missing.

Company I, Third Michigan Cavalry, my personal body guard, rendered very valuable service in rallying stragglers, taking charge of prisoners, and in performing with dispatch all orders given them. When our center first brake Lieutenant Pope, commanding this company, in his zeal to aid our troops to reform was captured by the enemy. To the officers of my personal staff, Lieutenant W. S. Belden, Second Iowa Cavalry,

and Lieutenant W. A. Martin, Third Michigan Cavalry, much credit is due for their energy and spirited discharge of duty.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. K. MIZNER,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 41.

Report of Captain Joseph C. Smith, Fifth Ohio Cavalry, including operations October 3-12.
HDQRS. THIRD BATT., FIFTH OHIO VOL. CAVALRY,Camp below Corinth, Miss., october 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the part taken by my command in the recent battle of corinth was as follows:

Early on the morning of Friday, 3rd instant, in pursuance of orders received, I repaired with my command, lettered and numbered as follows: Company E, 1 commissioned officer and 33 men; Company H,

