
3 commissioned officers and 34 men; Company I, commissioned officer and 26 men, and Company K, 2 commissioned officers and 33 men, to the place of rendezvous at Corinth. I there, by your orders, detailed Company I, captain Murphy, as escort for Brigadier-General Davies, and by order of Colonel Mizner, chief of cavalry, reported with my remaining companies to him, and sent out on the Purdy and Corinth roads to the point where the Chewalla and Hamburg road crosses, with orders to scout all approaches from the enemy's left flank and protect our communications Bethel by that road. I remained there that day without molestation.

On Saturday morning at 9 o'clock my communications with Corinth were cut off and my messengers taken prisoner. Shortly afterward I had a skirmish with the enemy's cavalry from the water-tank on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. A party sent by me toward Corinth at 11 a. m. discovered a force of cavalry and infantry occupying the old line of the enemy's breastworks and throwing pickets out in the direction of the Pittsburg road. I then made a detour to the right by way of our third line of works north of Corinth, reached the Pittsburg road, and marched into Corinth, bringing in 3 prisoners. I reached Corinth at 4 p. m., was ordered to do into camp, prepare five days' rations, and report at 5 p. m. next morning.

At 3 o'clock on Sunday morning, 5th instant, I reported, with three companies (100 men and 8 commissioned officers), to Brigadier General J. B. McPherson, on the Chewalla road, and took the advance. At Chewalla I had a severe skirmish with the enemy's rear guard; had Captain N. R. Norton wounded and three horses killed. I am told we killed 3 of the enemy. I know we captured 3. He opened on us with two pieces of artillery, and I was compelled to fell back out of his range. He soon left the approach of the main column, and we again pursued him, coming upon him near the Tuscumbia, at Young's Bridge. We there halted for the night.

Next morning, 6th instant, we continued the pursuit, gathering up and sending to the rear large numbers of the enemy. We got one standard, which was taken charge of by General McPherson; also two detached battle-flags, with some horses. At the Hatchie we made a short halt, when we again started in pursuit, reaching Jonesborough at 10 p. m.

Early next morning we again moved forward, and encountered the enemy's cavalry about 9 a. m., and skirmished with him until within about a mile of Ruckersville, where his obstinacy caused General McPherson to bring his artillery to bear upon him, which quickly sent him on his retreat. His cavalry placed at that point numbered about 1,500. We marched to Ruckersville and then halted. From that point to ripley I formed the rear of General McPherson's column to rest my horses, and established one company there, and on the succeeding days courier posts from Ripley to Jonesborough.

On the 8th we marched into Ripley, and I picketed the Oxford and Pontotoc roads, and employed my men in bringing in prisoners and arms from the country around the town.

At 2 a. m. on the 11th instant I marched from Ripley and took the left flank of McPherson's division via the Nubbin Ridge road and guerrilla paths to Jonesborough, thence to corinth, and formed the rear guard of the column, reaching the camp at 10 p. m. on the 12th instant.

In action men behaved gallantly and to my entire satisfaction. During the two days of the battle and first two days of the pursuit, until reaching

