
the Hatchie, my horses got nothing but grass to eat, and where very much exhausted. Many of them were unfit for service when I started.

I have the honor to remain, yours, &amp;c.,

J. C. SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Third Battalion, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain J. LOWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 42.

Report of Captain George A. Williams, First U. S. Infantry, commanding Siege Artillery, Army of the Mississippi.

BATTERY WILLIAMS, CORINTH, MISS.,

October 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the siege batteries at Corinth, Miss.,during the battle of October 3 and 4:

On the retirement of General Davies' division, on October 3, the enemy approached, toward evening, to within 800 yards of Battery Robinett (a battery mounting three 20-pounder Parrott guns, and situated on a hill on the north side of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, overlooking Corinth and the country west), where they were met by a brigade of General Stanley's division, under Colonel Mower, of the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, who were temporarily placed under General Davies, and who after a sharp contest repulsed the enemy; but they were then ordered to retire immediately afterward, which allowed the enemy to occupy the ground in front of Battery Robinett. As there were indications of the enemy reforming, Lieutenant Robinett, who commanded the battery, threw a few shells among them, to which they replied with four shots from their artillery; but night coming on the firing ceased.

About 3.30 a. m., October 4, the enemy opened on our forts and their support with artillery. Battery Robinett returned the fire immediately. On the evening of the 3rd there was a field battery posted on the left of Battery Robinett, which was immediately between my battery (Williams) and where the enemy had posted their guns on the morning of the 4th. It being dark when the enemy's fire opened I could not see whether that battery was still there or not, and did not open fire in consequence; but as soon as I ascertained that it had been removed I opened with three 30-pounder Parrott guns, immediately followed by battery Phillips, commanded by Captain Phillips, First U. S. Infantry (situated about 600 yards southwest of Battery Williams), with an 8-inch howitzer, which enfiladed the rebel battery. At the same time Captain Maurice's field battery (Company F, Second U. S. Artillery) and a field battery on the north of the town opened. Under this fire the rebel artillery was silenced in less than minutes, and they retired, leaving one gun and a caisson on the field. About 9.30 or 10 a. m. the enemy were observed in the woods north of the town forming in lne, and they soon made their appearance, charging toward the town. As soon as our troops were out of the line of fire of my battery we opened upon them with two 30-pounder Parrott guns and one 8-inch howitzer, which enfiladed their line (aide by Maurice's battery and

