
With but 500 cavalry, much worn and jaded by previous service and privation, we penetrated some 70 miles behind the enemy's lines, destroyed the railroad bridges in his rear, and met him in eight separate engagements, in all of which, except the skirmish of Captain Henderson, he was thoroughly defeated, many of his horses and men being killed, wounded, or taken prisoners by our troops, who were only prevented from continuing their pursuit by the close proximity of large bodies of the enemy.

With respect, your obedient servant,

JOS. WHEELER,

Colonel, Commanding.

JULY 27, 1862.-Affair near Toone's Station, or Lower Post Ferry, Tenn.

Report of Captain James J. Dollins, Stewart's Battalion Illinois Cavalry.

BOLIVAR, July 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I am at this place. I reconnoitered the ground where I had the fighting to-day. About 1 p.m. found the enemy's cavalry posted on your side of the river. They are about 200 strong. I learn from a reliable source that some had crossed the river by swimming at Estanaula Ferry, where I destroyed the boats yesterday. I have just seen General McClernand's dispatch to General Ross, saying Major Stewart is sent to re-enforce me. After reconnoitering to-day I fell back to Toone's Station, 6 miles. They followed us to within 3 miles of that place.

Major Stewart had better come there, as I think their intention is to overpower the guards and burn the cotton at that place. What shall I do? Will wait your orders. All here on hand and will wait a few minutes for an answer. My dead are yet on the field.

JAMES J. DOLLINS,

Captain.

General LOGAN.

JULY 27-29, 1862.-Expedition from Rienzi to Ripley, Miss.

Report of Colonel Albert L. Lee, Seventh Kansas Cavalry.

CAMP NEAR RIENZI, MISS., July 29, 1862.

SIR: I would respectfully report that on the 27th instant, at 7 p.m., pursuant to orders, I left my camp with a command of 400 cavalry, moving on the town of Ripley. I arrived at the crossing of the Hatchie River and Bottom at 11 o'clock; found the bridges destroyed and was obliged to turn back, effecting a crossing 2 miles above.

At daylight I was 14 miles from Ripley. Approaching that town, I learned from a negro that the enemy had then in camp, 5 miles beyond and southwest of the town, a regiment of cavalry 600 strong. The negro had left the camp that morning. Taking him as guide, I passed on through Ripley toward the camp. Arriving within a mile, I met a negro, who stated that the enemy had hurriedly left his camp an hour before. Entering at a gallop, we captured, as they were leaving, 3 soldiers of the enemy. Two were armed with Sharps rifles, Colt's navy

