
miscellaneously with other regiments during the battle. After the fighting had ceased and the men became rested I collected them together and reported to General Rosecrans. I was ordered to the corral to guard headquarters teams.

Having heard all reports from line and staff officers, I am happy to say the men behaved nobly and fought well.

The total loss is 11 killed, 44 wounded, and 15 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN MORRILL,

Captain, Commanding Battalion.

Lieutenant-Colonel KENNETT, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 44.

Report of Lieutenant James C. Cameron (Yates Sharpshooters), Sixty-Fourth Illinois Infantry.

CORINTH, MISS., October 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The following is a correct report of the proceeding of Companies A, F, and D in the battle of Corinth, October 4:

Pursuant to your order these three companies returned about 2 a. m. to camp, packed the tents, camp equipage, and baggage into wagons, and Captain Stewart then reported to General Rosecrans for orders. He received orders to remain on the ridge where our camp had been until further orders from General Rosecrans. Pursuant to an order from Headquarters of the Army of the Mississippi Captain Stewart detailed 50 men and a commissioned officer to report to Captain Kirby for duty at headquarters. The detail having finished its duty at headquarters returned to the detachment, which was still awaiting orders. While thus awaiting orders the rebels made the attack on the right wing, charging fiercely up the little rise of ground and seeding a deadly shower of bullets from their ranks. The regiment immediately in our front gave way, falling to our rear, leaving us exposed to the enemy; and although we had orders from our commanding general to fire, we had orders to remain on that ridge until further orders from him; and in order to do so it was necessary that we should keep the enemy at a respectful distance. The three companies stood their ground and fought nobly until ordered by Captain Stewart to fall back a short distance to where the line was being reformed, At this palace Captain Stewart was wounded and taken from the field. I, being the next in command, rallied as many of the men as possible, and at the command forward advanced to the ground occupied by the original line, but a little to the left of our former position, and there resisted the second charge of the rebels. The three companies were badly cut up and somewhat scattered. When the firing ceased I was ordered by Captain Morrill to reform the detachment on the ground where the Sharpshooters' hospital had been and where the balance of the battalion was at that time, which I accordingly did.

Respectfully submitted.

J. C. CAMERON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Co. A, Yates Sharpshooters, Illinois Vols.

Captain JOHN MORRILL,

Commanding Yates Sharpshooters, Illinois Volunteers.

