
one-third of the number engaged. In Colonel Baldwin's the casualties were light. Our loss was particularly heavy in officers of high rank and commissioned officers.

SECOND DAY, OCTOBER 4.

In obedience to orders I moved my command to the position assigned. On account the difficulty of waking up the worn-out men the movement occupied the balance of the night, and the last two guns were going into position in the earthwork when the enemy opened their batteries upon the town a little before daybreak. Finding that they were within easy range of my guns, and seeing the flash of their guns through the woods lying between me and their position, I ordered Lieutenant Green to open upon them with his battery of 10-pounder Parrott guns, using shells with 5-second fuses, throwing them so far as just to clear the tops of the trees in front. This had the effect of slackening their fire. I then ordered 6-second fuses, and the enemy's batteries ceased firing altogether about midway between daybreak and sunup.

The position assigned to the command was from the north garden fence of the house in rear of earthwork, and the earthwork pierced for six guns, and an irregular line running along and across the Prudy road to within 250 yards of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad (see map). The distance was just half a mile. Colonel Sweeny was in command of Hackleman's brigade, Colonel Mersy of Oglesby's brigade, and Colonel Du Bois, who arrived upon the ground about 8 o'clock, was assigned to the command of Colonel Baldwin's brigade.

The following disposition of troops was made for the defense of this line: The Ninth Illinois was stationed in the yard of the house on the right; two pieces of artillery on the right of the earthwork and in front of the house; the heavy artillery in the earthwork, and the remainder of the artillery stationed near a white house, about midway of the position occupied by Colonel Sweeny's brigade on the left of the earthwork, and Colonel Du Bois on his left, his right resting near the Purdy road and his left resting 250 yards from the Mobile and Ohio Railroad,and the Twelfth Illinois and Eighty-first Ohio were held in reserve.

The strength of the division taken into action on October 4 was as follows: Colonel Sweeny, commanding First Brigade, had 936 men and officers: Colonel Mersey, commanding Second Brigade, had 634 men and officers; Colonel Du Bois, commanding Third Brigade, had 713 men and officers; eleven pieces of artillery, under command of Major Stone, 233 men and officers. Total infantry, 2,283 men and officers. Total artillerists, 233 men and officers.

The Fourteenth Missouri, Twenty-second Ohio, two companies of infantry, all of the cavalry, and one battery were detailed from the division in and about Corinth.

The Union Brigade, having lost its commander, was pretty much broken up and many of the men with the division were unable to do duty from exhaustion and casualties the day before.

The number of infantry upon the front line was 1,877 men and officers, and the number in reserve was 406 men and officers.

Colonel Sweeny's brigade was formed upon the summit of a very gentle slope toward the Purdy road and to the woods on our front, with no protection. Colonel Du Bois' brigade, which relieved General McArthur's brigade, was formed behind a few logs that had been thrown up beyond the Purdy road, and the ground on his front was nearly level.

