
revolvers, and sabers. All were mounted. A small party sent ahead soon reported that the enemy had already advanced so far that it would be impossible for us with our jaded horses to pursue successfully. I placed my force in camp for rest and feed, returning to Ripley with one company to take possession of the town. I found there Colonel Hatch, with the Second Iowa Cavalry, just arrived. I arrested Judge Thompson, as ordered, and handed him over to Colonel Hatch. Davis, whom I was instructed to arrest, had escaped at daylight that morning, having been informed of our approach. Allen could not be found.

At 2 o'clock the Second Iowa left town. I ordered my command back to Ripley. While awaiting it I arrested the postmaster of the town and seized a considerable mail. This, with the prisoners and their horses, I have already reported at headquarters.

At 6 p.m. I left Ripley with my whole command; encamped near the Hatchie, and entered my own camp about noon this day.

Information obtained regarding movements and position of the enemy, &amp;c., I have already communicated to the brigade of the enemy, &c., I have already communicated to the brigade commander.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel Commanding Seventh Kansas Volunteers.

Lieutenant GEORGE LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Second Brigadier, Cav. Div.

JULY 28, 1862.-Skirmish near Humboldt, Tenn.

Reports of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, Tenn., July 28, 1862.

The attack was made early this morning about 8 miles south of Humboldt on two companies of my cavalry. They attacked in front and rear, and I have no doubt but our cavalry behaved badly, scattered and ran. Bryant immediately made preparation for them, and is now pushing through to connect with the Jackson forces. There is no doubt of there being a large body of the enemy south of the Hatchie, and that these attacks are made by parties from that force. They took Brownsville two or three days ago and are destroying immense quantities of cotton. I am posted on all their movements so far, but I cannot get a satisfactory account of the strength of the band north of the Hatchie. All my cavalry are under Bryant, and have gone with instructions to open the road to Jackson at all hazards. Loss this morning 10.

G. M. DODGE,Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General I. F. QUINBY, Columbus, Ky.

HDQRS. CENTRAL DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Trenton, Tenn., July 29, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of troops in my division for the past few days:

After the attack on my forces near Humboldt and their dispersion of the enemy I ascertained that a force had been sent from Jackson to attack the enemy near Ripley, Lauderdale County; also that a force

