
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE, October 13, 1862.

In obedience to a request received this day to "report the number and amount of property saved and collected by you in the pursuit," I have the honor to state at Chewalla I received the following order:

CHEWALLA, October 6, 1862-10.20 a. m.

General Davies' division, being small, will follow, support, and take charge of all prisoners and property.

By order of Major-General Rosecrans:

CLARK THOMPSON,Lieutenant, Ordnance Officer, and Aide-de-camp.

I moved forward to Tuscumbia Bridge, threw out flankers to collect the arms, and proceeded to Crum' Mill, where I unloaded abut one hundred guns and three crosscut-saws which had been collected. I left guards at different places along the road and over the artillery parts that required guarding, intending to move my command forward to the head of the debris, and when I returned collect everything and bring into Corinth. When I arrived 27 miles beyond Tuscumbia I encamped, and from there was ordered forward to Ruckersville to support General Stanley. I was ordered forward to Ruckersville to support General Stanley. I was ordered to take another road, coming back by way of Davis' Bridge. From the two latter orders it was inferred I was relieved from conveying back the public property. Notwithstanding this, I detailed 18 teams to accompany the guard left at Jonesborough to proceed by the way of Crum's Mill, load in the arms left there, hitch on to all wagons and artillery parts that were of value, and bring them to Corinth.

At Chewalla I met an officer, whose name I do not now remember, who was ordered to report to me, and who was ordered to take charge of all the public property and make a list of the same. I placed him in charge of the 18 wagons, gave him a guard of 1 commissioned officer, 1 non-commissioned officer, and 10 privates, to guard the train back to meet the force from Jonesborough, giving him at the same time such instructions as corresponded with the tenor of the order which I had received. When that officer returns he will be able to state all the facts connected with the property collected.

I append a list,* taken by my quartermaster, of such wagons and artillery property as I thought worth bringing back: Five wagons complete; one artillery forge minus linch-pins; four artillery caissons and limbers and three loads of cartridges. I should have loaded it into wagons and taken it with me, but I had not a team to spare, nor a wagon, except the one which I emptied to collect the arms by leaving the ammunition behind under guard.

I forwarded back 3 rebel prisoners from the rebel breastworks, 140 from Crum's Bridge, 134 from Jenosborough, and 57 in another squad, under command of Captain Newton, Fifty-second Illinois Volunteers. In all, 331.

Very respectfully,

THOS. A. DAVIES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Div., Army of West Tenn.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT,

Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

