
with to submit a report of the part taken in the actions of the 3rd and 4th instant by the batteries under my command:

At an early hour on the morning of the 3rd instant I was ordered with my battalion to the hill north of Corinth. My batteries were as follows, viz: For 20-pounder rifled Parrott guns, Captain Richardson; four 10-pounder rifled Parrott guns, Lieutenant Green; two 10-pounder rifled Parrott guns and two 24-pounder howitzers, Captain Welker; four 6-pounder brass guns and two 12-pounder howitzers, Lieutenant Thurber. Agreeably to instructions from General Davies I sent Lieutenant Green with his battery of 10-pounders forward with a portion of General Hackleman's brigade to reconnoiter. They took a position in the old rebel intrenchments on the extreme right of our first line of battle. Heavy firing being heard on our left, a section of Captain Richardson's battery, under command of Lieutenant Cutler, was sent there to assist Colonel Oliver, of the Sixth Division, who was being hotly pressed. At this time I received an order from Colonel Lothrop, chief of artillery, for a battery of four guns. I immediately detailed Lieutenant Thurber with two sections of his battery to report to Colonel Hatch, on the Farmington road. I sent Captain Welker with his battery forward to the rebel intrenchments with General Oglesby's brigade near the center of our front line. Colonel Baldwin being hotly pressed on our left, I sent Lieutenant Brunner with a section to his support. One section of Captain richardson's battery, under command of Lieutenant Nash, I held in reserve at the cross-roads. This was the disposition of the artillery of the front line. Heavy firing continued on our left, and I rode over to that portion of the line and found the batteries hotly engaged and the rebels preparing to charge the works. I had scarcely arrived when the enemy advanced in strong force, compelling our infantry to retire. The two sections of my command were in a very precarious situation, but the gallant exertions of the officers in charge succeeded in limbering up and commenced falling back. Lieutenant Brunner was so hotly pressed that he was compelled to abandon two caissons, the horses being shot. One piece of Captain Richardson's, owing to the cowardly conduct of a wheel-driver, was left here; the driver (an attacked man from the Second Michigan Battery) left his horses and ran. The consequences were fatal, as the team became unmanageable and the limber-pole broke short off, rendering it impossible to take the gun off. The rebels at this time had possession of the works in large force. I immediately rode to the right, where the rebels were endeavoring to plant a battery. They succeeded in firing three of four shots, but were promptly silenced by Captain Welker and Lieutenant Green. The enemy now appeared in force on our center and right center, our batteries making fearful havoc in their ranks; but nothing daunted, the rebel forces charged over the abatis. The section under Lieutenant Armstrong was doing fearful execution on them, while Lieutenant Green was working his battery with terrible effect on the right. Lieutenant Conant's section, stationed near our center, was literally mowing the rebels down; but with a determination worthy of a better cause the enemy still pressed on and near the intrenchments. The infantry supporting Lieutenant Conant's section (Eighty-first Ohio and Twelfth Illinois) were driven back, the artillery horses nearly all shot, and the cannoneers compelled to retire, leaving their guns. The defense of this section could not have better, Captain Welker being there in person and the last one to leave his guns when all hope of saving them was gone. Both flanks of our center were now turned, and the entire line fell back to the cross-roads in good order. Here a

