
temporary position was assigned to my batteries, but they were shortly ordered to fall back to a ridge about 1,200 yards in advance of Fort Williams, where I concentrated all the batteries of my command. Here for one and a half hours one of the most fierce artillery duels on record raged with all the fury of desperation, the enemy being repulsed at all points by the double-shorted guns of our batteries. Our caissons having been ordered to the rear and the supply of ammunition in the limbers had twice been refilled by ammunition, which I personally attended the loading of at the ordnance office and had hauled onto the hill by two six-mule teams, while the infantry were ordered forward to complete the work the artillery had so nobly begun. With the exception of a few shots the fighting of the artillery was over for the day, but there was much to be done for the morrow. The limbers had to be filled and positions to be taken. All night the batteries were on the move, the men getting no rest, the horses no forage.

Three o'clock on the morning of the 4th found us in place again at the earthwork erected during the preceding night northeast of the town. At an early hour the rebels commenced shelling the town, when Lieutenant Green was ordered to open fire on them, which he did with signal effect. As the morning wore on everything indicated that a desperate assault would be made at this point, and preparations were made to receive it. At about 9.30 o'clock the enemy advanced in force, charging up the hill to the front and right of our batteries. A tremendous fire of double canister failed to check the impetuosity of the charge, and they gained the hill on our right overlooking our position. Here they opened a most tremendous fire on our horses and cannoneers, while the column in front was steadily advancing. The infantry supporting on the right and left of my batteries to the rear, which order as a general thing was executed in a quiet and soldierly manner, although there were instances of unwarrantable haste. Before I had got my batteries in position in a new line the infantry had rallied and driven the enemy from the works on the hill. I immediately ordered the batteries back to their former positions, and opened on the now retreating and discomfited rebel army a lively fire of canister, somewhat accelerating their hasty retreat as round after round was poured into their broken and disordered ranks. As the last rebels crossed the railroad the guns were ordered to cease firing, a hearty cheer went up, the battle was over, the victory won. corinth was not taken, but the rebel army was again put to flight by the brave soldiers of the Northwest.

I would especially call attention to those officers who honorably distinguished themselves in these battles. Lieutenant George W. Cutler, regimental adjutant, disinterestedly volunteered his services to command a section of Captain Richardson's battery and nobly and bravely fought it during the two day's fight. Lieutenant Thomas D. Witt, regimental quartermaster, volunteered his services, and was assigned a section of Lieutenant Green's battery, which he handled in a skillful and brave manner. Too much praise cannot be awarded him for undaunted bravery. Captain Welker and richardson were ever in the front, encouraging their men by their presence and daring bravery. Lieutenant Green, commanding Battery K, behaved throughout with daring gallantry, fighting his battery in every instance outside of intrenchments. Lieutenant Brunner cannot be too highly complimented; he is a brae soldier and most efficient officer. Lieutenant Armstrong, as brave a sol-

