
of the enemy was threatening Bolivar. I ordered Colonel Bryant to take all the cavalry, with a force of infantry, to follow up the enemy's forces north of the Hatchie River and toward Brownsville, at the same time starting a force from here toward Dyersburg.

Last night Colonel Bryant encamped in rear of the enemy's forces at Poplar Corners and is still following them. I trust, in connection with the Jackson forces, he will cut off their retreat across the Hatchie and thereby bag them. The enemy's forces are on the increase both north and south of the Hatchie. Those north I believe I shall be able to attend to, but they are so slippery and dodge through such small holes that they may evade me.

As I have taken charge of the bridge south of Humboldt I shall endeavor to so guard it that no small band of the enemy can take or destroy it. I have in process of erection there a strong block-house, which when finished will add greatly to the strength of the position. The bridge burned I have had rebuilt, and one hour after we obtained possession of the road had telegraphic communication south.

I must say that the strain upon my health and nerves lately has not added much to the state of my health, though I have full faith I shall weather it and get through safe. I would be glad to visit Columbus, as the general suggests, but it is not best just at this time.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.

JULY 29, 1862.-Affair at Hatchie Bottom, near Denmark, Tenn.

Reports of Brigadier General John A. Logan, U. S. Army.

JACKSON, July 29, 1862. [Received at Corinth July 29, 1862.]

My cavalry, 75 in number, under Major Stewart, overtook the enemy's cavalry to-day some 25 miles from here-down the Hatchie River-attacked and routed them, killing and wounding quite a number, taking 10 prisoners. Our loss, 1 killed 3 or 4 wounded. Our cavalry still in pursuit.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GRANT.

JACKSON, July 30, 1862. [Received at Corinth July 30, 1862.]

Yesterday evening Major Stewart and cavalry were defeated, having met a large force near Denmark, some 15 miles from here. Our loss considerable in killed, wounded, and prisoners. He thinks the force was about 400.

My information is that Jackson has crossed the greater part of his regiment over the Hatchie on this side, having crossed in squads for several days.

JOHN A. LOGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GRANT.

