
dier as ever lived, was constantly at his post, and the highest encomium that can be passed upon him is that he his duty to this country and to himself. Lieutenant George S. Nash behaved with great coolness and gallantry in every instance that came under my notice. Lieutenant Canant, on the 3rd instant, while in command of his section (lost at the intrenchments), behaved with the utmost gallantry, and is deserving of every praise. Lieutenant Hogan, though sick and nearly unable to be up, insisted upon accompanying his battery, and rendered valuable services.

I would also call attention to the able and gallant manner in which all non-commissioned officers behaved during the entire fight. First Sergt. [Flank] White and Privates [Nicholas] Willheim and [William] Cruitzman, of Battery D; Corpl. William Hess, of Battery H, and First Sergt. [Andrew] Hochstadter, Sergts. [Charles A.] Van Horn and [James T.] Davis, and Privates [Benjamin] Joel and [John] Prieston, of Battery K, are deserving of particular mention.

Private [Micheal] Hennessey, of Battery K, and Bugler [Valentine] Kenner, of Battery D, were the first the re-enter the work on Saturday, and recommenced the firing on the retreating rebels, under the immediate command of Captain J. Lovell, of General Davies' staff, who was the first officer in the fort, and fired several shots almost entirely alone.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. STONE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 47.

Report of Lieutenant John F. Brunner, Battery I, First Missouri Light Artillery.

CORINTH, MISS., October 20, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with your orders I have the honor to submit the following report:

On the morning of Friday, October 3, I received orders to report my section, consisting of two guns (one 12-pounder howitzer, one 6-pounder gun, and 2 caissons, 32 horses, and 33 men), to Brigadier-General Davies, who was then in eh front of our line, on the Chewalla road, about 3 miles on. I did so, and was then ordered by Brigadier-General Davies to report with my section to Brigadier-General McArthur on the left, at a point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad about 3 miles from Corinth, on the left of the old rebel breastworks. That point was attacked in force by the enemy, and after holding the position for about half an hour was obliged to fall back. This i did without order, the entire support of my section having been withdrawn at this point. I lost one caisson, three of the horses having been so severely wounded that I was obliged to cut the teams loose from the caissons. I moved back on the road, and the lines then took position on the next ridge where no engagement took place.

The infantry then took a position on the left of the Chewalla road, where it was impossible to bring my section in a position where it could be of any service, and not receiving any order, I fell back on the road about one-half mile. One caisson having been necessarily aban-

