
doned by [reason of] the enemy's skirmishers appearing in front of the road, I immediately sent into town and filled my limber-chests with ammunition, they being entirely empty.

I then took my position, without orders, to the right of the Chewalla road, near the white house, about 1 mile from town. There I encountered and returned a sharp fire from a rebel battery for about half an hour. Again being out of ammunition I was obliged to fall back. I again filled my limber-chests, having no caissons, with ammunition.

My loss to this time was 1 man killed and 8 so badly wounded as to be obliged to send them back to town. There was no more fighting for the day.

At about 1 o'clock Saturday (4th), by order of Brigadier-General Davies, I took position in the upper fort, on the right flank. Nothing of importance here occurred until about 9.30 o'clock, when the general attack took place. I first discovered the enemy at about a distance of 700 or 800 yards a little to the left of my front. I immediately opened on them with shell and spherical case. The nature of the ground on which the enemy approached was such that they were very soon covered from my fire, and did not again come in range until within 400 or 450 yards in the front of my position. The enemy, then in large force, formed their lines around a frame house directly in my front. I immediately opened on them with double charges of canister and kept up a heavy fire for about fifteen minutes. The enemy still advanced under our heavy fire, and our line broke and retreated. Being without support, and having scarcely cannoneers enough to work one gun, I retired, having only five serviceable horses to take my two pieces off the field. They being of no service to me, I sent them to the rear. I immediately went about 400 yards to the rear of the redoubt and found Lieutenant Groshon, of this battery, there in position. He being ordered to remain in his position until further orders, I assisted Lieutenant Groshon all I could. The enemy being driven again from the redoubt I, in company with Lieutenant Goshon, went up with two guns and took possession of the redoubt. The enemy made a second and third charge on the redoubt and were repulsed. Finding a 20-pounder Parrott gun in the redoubt, and as three guns make more noise than two, I, with the assistance of two men, fired until the enemy could not be seen any more.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN F. BRUNNER,

Second Lieutenant Company I, First Missouri Light Artillery.

C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 48.

Report of Colonel Thomas W. Sweeny, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade, including operations October 3-6.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, October 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the battle of Corinth, on the 3rd and 4th instant, and the subsequent pursuit of the enemy:

In compliance with orders from division headquarters we left Camp Montgomery at daybreak on the 3rd with three days' rations in haver-

