
sacks, and marched through Corinth to the rebel breastworks, about 2 1\2 miles northwest of the town, where we formed line of battle. General Sullivan's brigade took position on a hill about three-fourths of a mile on our right, and General Oglesby's brigade immediately on our left. I detailed two companies of the Fifty-second Illinois and posted them about 400 yards to the right of the brigade to watch the movements of the enemy in that direction. We formed line of battle when first we went out abut 1 mile in rear of the above position. From this point we were ordered by General Davies to send forward one regiment of infantry to support a section of artillery and to fell the enemy. The Seventh Iowa was sent forward as far as the breastworks, which the brigade occupied shortly afterward. this regiment penetrated the swamps on the left of our position and reported no enemy there. About 10 a. m. our skirmishers, who had been thrown out in front of the breast-works, met those of the enemy, and sharp firing continued for a few minutes the Second Brigade, commanded by General Oglesby, was hotly engaged with the enemy, the latter charging in heavy columns on the breastworks in the face of a well-directed fire of artillery and infantry. After a sharp struggle the Second Brigade gave way before overpowering numbers of the enemy, leaving our left flank entirely exposed. The artillery continued pouring grape and canister into the ranks of the enemy, apparently without effect, though they must have suffered severely. Word was now sent to General Davies of the condition of things in front, who ordered the line to fall back. The Second Division fell back about half a mile, the First Brigade retiring in perfect order, when we again formed line of battle in an open field; but the enemy appearing on our left flank, our lines fell back still farther and took up a position in front of the white house, this brigade occupying the extreme right.

The regiments composing the brigade were posted as follows: The Fifty-second Illinois on the right, the Second Iowa on the left of the Fifty-second, and the Seventh Iowa on the left of the Second. The Union Brigade came up at this point from Danville and was posted on the left of the battery, which was in position on the left Seventh Iowa.

About 2 p. m. a sharp artillery duel commenced between our battery and that of the enemy, which was posted about 600 yards in front of our line near the white house, which was subsequently converted into a temporary hospital. While this was going on I suggested to General Hackleman the necessity of taking some measures to protect our right flank, there being none of our troops in that direction as far as I could see, and the enemy's columns could be plainly seen moving that way. With his permission I placed the Fifty-second Illinois in position across the railroad about 200 yards on our right. The enemy's skirmishers were seen in the woods at this point, but after exchanging a few shots with us they hastily withdrew. After a careful reconnaissance I was convinced that the rebels gave up the idea of attacking us at this point, and moved the regiment back to its original position on the right of the brigade. It had hardly been placed in line when the enemy burst from the woods in front in magnificent style in columns by divisions, and moved swiftly across the open field until within point-blank range, when they deployed into line and opened a tremendous fire, moving steadily to the front all the time. Our men, who had been ordered to lie down, now rose and poured in their fire with such deadly effect that the foe, after a short but sanguinary struggle, reeled, broke, and fled in

