
place we were ordered back, and arrived at Camp Montgomery on the 12th, much fatigued, but in good spirits.

On the 5th instant the Second and Seventh Iowa were detached from my brigade and ordered back to Corinth to report to General Rosecrans.

On the 6th I was detached, with a regiment of infantry (the Fifty-second Illinois) and a section of artillery, to guard the passage of the river at Young's Brigade, on the Tuscumbia. While making the necessary preparations for that purpose I received information from skirmishers which I had thrown across the river that mounted pickets were seen in the woods about half a mile in front. I gave orders to advance cautiously and find out who they were. In a short time a prisoner was brought in, who informed me that he belonged to a Kansas regiment of cavalry, two companies of which were thrown out as scouts to watch the ford I was guarding, and that they belonged to Colonel Lee's command, which was at Bone Yard, 9 miles distant. I sent across the river for the officers of this detachment and they confirmed the statement of the prisoner. A little before this I received a note from General Davies, informing me that the enemy were completely routed and dispersed in the woods and to join my command immediately. This new I communicated to Captain Houston, of the Kansas Scouts, and requested him to inform Colonel Lee of it, that he might take the necessary steps to intercept and cut off the flying enemy.

Before closing this report I gladly bear witness to the heroic conduct of officers and men of this brigade, who so nobly fought, held, and died to sustain the honor of that glorious flag under whose folds they had so often marched to victory. Particularly do I regret the loss of the heroic General Hackleman, the gallant Colonel Baker, Lieutenant-Colonel Mills (Second Iowa), and the chivalric Lieutenant Brainard, Fifty-second Illinois. I also acknowledge the valuable services rendered me by Captains Randall and Lovell, assistant adjutant-generals, and Lieutenant Everts, aide-de-camp, on Saturday, the 4th.

Dr. E. Winchester, surgeon of the Fifty-second Illinois, deserves great credit for his indefatigable exertions during the battle in alleviating the suffering of the wooded. While in charge of the principal hospital at the Corinth House, during the shelling of the town by the enemy, on the morning of the 4th, he removed nearly 100 patients from there to a place of safety with no other assistance than that rendered him by Dr. Rohr, of the Fifty-second Illinois, and some of the proprietors of the Corinth House.

My orderlies also did me good service on the 4th, particularly John Colley and Michael F. Mee, of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, the latter being severely wounded in the head and the former having two balls pass through his clothes-one through his hat and the other through the leg of his pants-while in the performance of their duty.

Lieutenant Maxwell, of the Union Brigade, seeing the colors of his regiment in the hands of a rebel, gallantly rested into the ranks of the enemy, rescued the colors, and brought them back in triumph to his regiment.

Private Murray, of Company E, Fifty-second Illinois, when the regiment fell back from the redan, refused to retire, saying "it was Colonel Sweeny's orders to hold the fort to the last." He was ordered by a rebel captain to surrender, and upon his refusing to do so was fired at and wounded in the captain's revolver; whereupon Murray shot him dead. He was then attacked by a private, whom he also

