
dispatched. He brought off the captain's revolver as a trophy of his bravery. By this time our troops rallied, came to his rescue, and drove the rebels out of the redan.

Captain Wilcox, of the Fifty-second Illinois, was taken sick on the morning of the 3d, and in consequence did not participate in the engagements of the 3rd or 4th. As for myself, the only injury I sustained was having my horse shot under me. a spent ball struck me on the right leg, but did no harm.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Army of West Tennessee.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Army of West Tennessee.

Numbers 49.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John S. Wilcox, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-SECOND Regiment ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Camp Montgomery, near Corinth, October 13, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with special order of October 12, Headquarters Second Division, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifty-second Regiment of Illinois Volunteers in the battle of Corinth on October 3 and 4:

We left this camp with 9 captains, 4 first lieutenants, 8 second lieutenants, 85 non-commissioned officers, and 273 privates at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 3d, commanded by Colonel Thomas W. Sweeny, and marched rapidly to position along the line of the old rebel breastworks north of Corinth.

Companies A and C were here detached from the right of the regiment and posted about 100 rods to the right, occupying the same line of works. The engagement which took place on this line was to our left and this regiment took no part in it. Front this position we were ordered to fall back, which was done in good order, and line was formed upon the brow of a hill in an open field. We were again ordered to retire and did so in good order, and again took position upon a hill along the edge of an open field in front of the white house used temporarily as a hospital. We had at this line 8 captains, 4 first lieutenants, 6 second lieutenants, 72 non-commissioned officers, and 231 privates. The heat was excessive and many men fell here from sun-stroke.

Seeding the enemy deploying toward our right, Colonel Sweeny moved the regiment to the right and sent me with two companies across the railroad track. The enemy's skirmishers were visible on the railroad and fired upon us as we crossed. Rejoining the regiment shortly, it was again moved into its former position on the brow of the hill, where from our right the enemy were seen moving their troops froward, massed in column, screened by the buildings between their forces and ours. Nearing the building they quickly deployed right and left into line, and we opened fire upon them, which they warmly returned, and the action quickly became general along the whole line of this brigade. Here Lieutenant E. Brainard, adjutant of the regiment, fell while nobly

