
Numbers 50.

Report of Major James B. Weaver, Second Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA INFANTRY, Rienzi, Miss., October 5, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your order I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by the Second Iowa Infantry Regiment in the engagement which took place at Corinth, Miss., on the 3rd and 4th instant:

To Second Iowa Regiment went into the battle on the morning of the 3rd instant, commanded by Colonel James Baker, with 3 field, 2 staff, and 21 line officers, and 320 enlisted men, making an aggregate of 346.

In the first day's battle, near white house, which was most stubbornly contested, the loss in said regiment was very heavy, particularly in the officers. In this action 3 lieutenants were killed, to wit, First Lieutenant John G. Huntington, of Company B; First Lieutenant Thomas Snowden, of Company I, and First Lieutenant Alfred Bing, of Company C; enlisted men, Corpl. Wesley H. Henderson, privates John W. Dunn, Marion French, and James C. Manswell, making a total of 7 killed. Wounded, Colonel Baker, mortally, and Second Lieutenant V. T. Twombly, severely; enlisted men, 31; missing, 2; making an aggregate of 42 killed, wounded, and missing on the first day's engagement.

In the engagement of the 4th Second Lieutenant George W. Neal (Company H); Corps. Henry A. Seiberleich, A. Stevenson, and Jacob M. Males; Privates John W. King, John w. Klough, W. W. K. Harper, W. M. Summers, Charles E. Walker, John W. Downs, and Franklin Prouty were killed. Wounded Lieutenant Colonel Noah W. Mills, mortally; Captain N. B. Howard, Company I, slightly; First Lieutenant C. C. Parker, Company F, severely; Second Lieutenant George Blake, Company K, dangerously; Second Lieutenant Frank M. Suiter, Company B, severely. Enlisted men, 44 missing and 1 taken at Camp Montgomery on the 5th instant. Killed, wounded, and missing during both days engagements: Killed, commissioned officers, 4; enlisted men, 13; wounded, commissioned officers, 7 (2 mortally); enlisted men, 75; missing, 9; making an aggregate loss of 108.

In this protracted and desperate engagement, in many respects the most desperate of the war, the officers and men displayed the most laudable gallantry and heroism. Colonel Baker fell mortally wounded on the first day at the very time his regiment was charging upon the retreating rebels with the greatest enthusiasm and fury. He remarked, as he was being borne off the field, "Thank God! when I fell my regiment was victoriously charging." Lieutenant-Colonel Mills was wounded in the second day's engagement while fighting with the most conspicuous courage and coolness. He was loath to leave the field. Better or truer officers never fought. Exposed to every danger, they were ever conspicuous for their cool, daring courage, and the ardor of their souls, blended with pure love for their country, beamed from their countenances and hung about them. "Like the bright iris o'er the boiling surge," Colonel Baker expired on the morning of the 7th instant at 11 o'clock, and Lieutenant-Colonel Mills on the 12th instant at-o'clock. May their memory ever be cherished by their countrymen.

Lieutenant Huntington, Bing. Snowden, and Neal fell at their posts fighting like heroes. They died as it becomes the patriot-for their

