
country. Fully as much can be said of the enlisted men who fell. All honor to their memory.

Among those who distinguished themselves was Adjt. George L. Godfrey, who could always be seen and heard charging along the line upon his horse, shouting to the men to be steady and cool. He is one of the most valuable young officers whom I have ever met.

Captains Cowles, McCullough, Mastick, Howard, Ensign, and Davis were marked instances of bravery and efficiency upon the field, and reflected great credit upon themselves and their command.

Captain Holmes, on account of wounds received in battle of fort Donelson, was unable to take command of his company during the engagement.

Conspicuous for bravery were Lieutenants Parker, Duffield, Marsh, Wilson, Tisdale, Suiter, Hall, Blake, Duckworth, Ballinger, Twombly, and McCoid.

After Lieutenants Parker and Twombly of Company F were wounded Sergt. James Terry took charge of the company, and he displayed marked efficiency and courage. Likewise, after the fall of Lieutenants Huntington and Suiter of Company B, Sergeant Lewis, acting lieutenant, took charge of the company, and rendered most satisfactory service.

Too much credit cannot be bestowed upon our excellent first assistant surgeon, Elliott Pyle, then in charge of the medical department of the regiment (he was most indefatigable in his attention to the wounded), nor upon or quartermaster, Lieutenant John Lynde, who was ever present upon the field, to supply the wants of the men.

Sergeant-Major Campbell distinguished himself throughout the battle for coolness and bravery. Color Sergt. Harvey Doolittle, while supporting the colors, was again wounded, and Color Corps. Henry A. Seiberleich, G. C. Phillips, G. B. Norris, J. C. Wise, and John H. Stewart were all wounded while supporting the old flag.

I join with you and my country men in the deepest feelings of regret for the gallant slain. These sacrifices make our Constitution still more valuable to the civilized world. And while we mourn their loss, we can untie in rejoicing that they died like true heroes-for their beloved country. How precious their memories, how sacred their dust! They died at once in the same cause of Christianity and constitution liberty, and, excepting the offering of the heart to God, we can exclaim with Thomas Moore:

"Oh! if there is upon this terrestrial sphere

A boon, an offering, which Heaven holds dear,

'Tis the last libation liberty draws

From a heart that bleeds and dies in its cause."

After the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Mills, which took place about 9 o'clock on Saturday, the command devolved upon myself.

There were 31 prisoners and 1 stand of colors captured by the regiment.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your most obedient servant,

JAMES B. WEAVER,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding First Brigadier, Second Div., Army of West Tennessee.

