
Numbers 51.

Report of Colonel Elliott W. Rice, Seventh Iowa Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH Regiment IOWA INFANTRY VOLS., Rienzi, Miss., October 10, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment Iowa Infantry in the battle of Corinth on October 3 and 4:

On the morning of the 3rd I received the order of Brigadier-General Hackleman, commanding the First Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Tennessee, to march my command from Camp Montgomery via Corinth in the direction of Chewalla. I left camp with 327 men and 26 officers, my largest company (K) being on detached service, guarding the railroad, 5 miles east of Corinth. Line of battle was formed 1 mile west of Corinth, with my regiment on the left the brigade. This line was changed to one three-quarters of a mile in front (west). After this line was formed I was ordered to proceed with my regiment and one section of the First Missouri Light Artillery and reconnoiter the front as far as the old line of breastworks. I moved my command cautiously and gained the position designated without discovering to support it, and dispatched my adjutant to report the result of the reconnaissance. The whole division then advanced, and my command was again on the left of the brigade.

About 1 p. m. a successful charge was made by the enemy on the fortifications defended by the brigade on my left. Our position was flanked, and i was ordered to move my command about one-half mile to the rear, where line of battle was again formed. This line was soon changed to one still farther to the rear, and i was ordered to support the battery. I placed my command in favorable position immediately on the right of the battery and ordered my men to lie down. The enemy's battery was placed directly in front of my command, and a most terrific cannonading ensued. My men held this position firmly and unflinchingly for one hour and a quarter exposed to a murderous fire of shell and canister. Our battery, having exhausted its ammunition, retired, and the rebel infantry advanced in strong force. My men were kept concealed until the enemy advanced to within short range, when I opened fire upon them from my whole line and for a time held them in check. They soon rallied, and I was ordered to take position farther to the rear. The enemy moved on, our whole brigade made a sudden charge, and the enemy were again checked, thrown into some confusion, and repulsed. This gave an opportunity to take a more favorable position, and another line was formed between the white house and Battery Robinett at a point where the two howitzers were posted. This position was held until most of the wounded had passed to the rear and my ammunition was entirely exhausted, when, by order of General Davies, my command was placed to support a battery on the left of Battery Robinett. Gaining this position, I immediately supplied my men with 40 rounds of ammunition. Night coming on, the battle of the 3rd was ended and I had lost many noble men.

At 10 p. m. I received Colonel Sweeny's order to proceed with my command to a position east of Corinth, and at 1 o'clock the following morning my regiment was moved to a line north of Corinth, when a line of battle was formed fronting west, my position in the brigade being

