
still on the left. At 3.30 o'clock the enemy's artillery commenced shelling the town, and at about 10 o'clock I was ordered to proceed with my command to the front and deploy it as skirmishers. This deployment was made and the two center companies held as a reserve. After advancing a short distance I ascertained that the enemy were crossing the railroad in force to a position on the right. I immediately dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Parrott to General Davies with this information, who at once ordered me to return to my former position. I had but gained it for a short time when the enemy appeared and charged on the battery defended by the brigade on the right of the first. The brigade on my left was attacked at the same time . I opened a vigorous oblique fire on the enemy charging the battery and continued it until General Rosecrans ordered me to cease firing. Soon the brigade on my left fell back. The enemy gaining position on my left flank, I was ordered to retire a short distance. I halted my command about 50 yards in the rear. An advance was soon ordered, and I immediately gained the position just abandoned and the enemy was driven into the woods. They made another attempt, directly in front of my regiment, to charge the battery. My men held their position firmly, checking the enemy, who took refuge from the storm of bullets which was rained upon them in the abatis. The Seventeenth Iowa coming up on my left flank, I advanced rapidly upon the rebel position, when they broke and ran in great confusion. My command had fired the whole of the 40 rounds of cartridges with which it had been supplied in the morning, but was immediately supplied, without leaving the field, by my excellent quartermaster, Lieutenant Forsha, who, regardless of personal safety, was ever ready to supply my command with ammunition even in the heat of battle. I remained in position during the balance of the day and at night bivouacked on the battle-field.

The following morning I received orders to move on the road toward Chewalla in pursuit of the enemy. When about 3 1\2 miles from Corinth I was ordered to report with my command to General Rosecrans. By his order I bivouacked for the night at the college. The day following I was ordered 2 miles south of Corinth, and on the 7th of this month was ordered to this post.

Those in the battle, with few exceptions, stood nobly with their colors, dealing death and destruction to the enemy and only leaving their place when severely wounded or ordered to change position.

I must make special mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Parrott, who with great bravery and coolness cheered and encouraged the men to renewed vigor. Nothing but the most undaunted courage and bitter determination could have been successful for a moment in holding in check the overwhelming number that pressed down upon us on the 3d. Yet with our little band the enemy were twice checked and repulsed.

Before we were ordered to the last line on Friday my ammunition was entirely exhausted.

It is with pleasure I make favorable mention of almost all my officers who were engaged in the two day's battle. Major McMullern did efficient service until he was wounded and disabled on the evening of the 3d. Captain Conn, although wounded, remained with his command through both days' battle. Captains Hedges and Mahon, left in camp sick, left their beds and came on the battle-field on Saturday, and did efficient service. Their companies were well commanded Friday by Lieutenant Dillin and Sergeant. Lieutenant Gale displayed great gallantry, and was very severely wounded in the battle of the 4th, after

