
which the company was bravely led by Lieutenant Morrison. Captains Irvin and Reneger also performed their duties nobly. I must also mention Lieutenant Hope, Loughridge, Irwin, McCormick, Bennett, and Bess. Captain Smith, who was killed in the last hour of the battle of the 4th, was one of the most promising young officers of the service. He was brave, cool, and deliberate in battle, and very efficient in all his duties. Color Sergt. Aleck Field was wounded in the battle of the 3d. Afterward the colors were borne by William Akers, of Company G, who was also wounded. They were then carried by George Craig, of Company B, all the color guard, with the exception of one, being either killed or wounded. Sergeant-Major Cameron, severely wounded, must not escape favorable mention for his bravery and valuable duties upon the field.

While it is a pleasure to record the noble and heroic conduct of so many of my officers and men we mourn the loss of our gallant dead, sympathizing deeply with the unfortunate wounded. More than one-third of those taken into action are wounded or lie dead beneath the battle-field. With this sad record we can send to Iowa the gratifying word that her unfortunate sons fell with their faces to the enemy, battling gloriously for their country's holy cause.

Surgeon Lake (to whom I am indebted for the remarkable healthy condition of my command) and his assistant labored day and night to alleviate the sufferings of the wounded.

We captured a number of prisoners and one stand of rebel colors.

The death of Brigadier-General Hackleman cast a gloom over all who were under his command. His coolness, bravery, and eminent ability secured for him the entire confidence and esteem of all under his command, and I beg leave to express for my command the entire confidence they repose in yourself and Brigadier-General Davies.

With sentiments of high regard, colonel, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

ELLIOTT W. RICE,

Colonel Seventh Iowa Infantry.

Colonel T. W. SWEENY,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 52.

Report of Colonel August Mersy, Ninth Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Camp at Danville, Miss., October 11, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit to you the following report in regard to the part which the Ninth Illinois had in the engagement on the 3rd and 4th instant:

The Ninth Illinois Infantry was stationed, by order of General Grant, at Rienzi, and got the order to rejoin their brigade and division on October 1, and arrived on their old camping ground on the 2nd instant.

On the morning of October 3 the regiment marched with the other regiments belonging to the division to Corinth, and from there to the breastworks northwest of Corinth, on the Chewalla road. The brigade was formed in line of battle, and the Ninth Illinois had the right. Companies B and C, of my command, having been sent forward by my orders as skirmishers, were engaged in a very short time and driven in with

