
the loss of about 6 men. The battle now commenced, the rebels attacking in front and on the left. The regiment on our left giving way my left flank was uncovered, and here I lost 3 officers and about 30 non-commissioned officers and privates as prisoners and 1 officer killed. The regiment immediately reformed and charged under the eyes of Brigadier-General Oglesby. It this movement General Oglesby and Hackleman, Major Kuhn, and most of the officers of the Ninth Illinois were wounded. The rebels pressing heavily, the regiment fell back and was ordered to the breastworks in our rear on the Chewalla road siege guns. Here I drew some ammunition, water, and some provisions. After staying there for two hours I was ordered to march to the right of our position, to cover the batteries on our right (Richardson' and Welker's First Missouri).

The morning of the 4th found the regiment in the same position. The rebels commenced to attack in force between 9 and 10 o'clock, and pressing in heavy force drove us back; but the balance of the regiments formed again and held their ground. The rebels having been driven back, the Ninth, with remnants of other regiments, formed in line of battle again, and afterward ordered to change their front and cover another battery on the Henderson and Jackson road, which position we held till next morning, and then took up our line of march on the Chewalla road in pursuit. After marching 5 or 6 miles the regiment was ordered back, and encamped for the night on the Seminary Hill.

The next morning I was ordered to proceed immediately to Danville and relieve one battalion of Western Sharpshooters. I arrived in the afternoon, after a circuitous and tedious march.

The next day I was ordered by General McKean, in command at Rienzi, to send the Second Battalion to Rienzi.

The regiment lost in wounded 63 to 65, the greater part severely, and about 52 prisoners. The killed cannot be ascertained now, but the loss will be at least, in killed, wounded, and prisoners, 140. The regiment marched out of camp near Corinth on the morning of the 3rd with 3 field and staff officers, 16 line officers, and 340 non-commissioned officers and privates. You will see that our losses are very heavy in both officers and men.

I remain, very respectfully,

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.

Captain LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.

Numbers 53.

Reports of Colonel Augustus L. Chetlain, Twelfth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Corinth, Miss., October 7, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of operations of the Twelfth Regiment Illinois Infantry, which I had the honor to command in the late battle of Corinth, during Friday, the 3rd instant:

Early on the morning of that day I arrived here from Burnsville by railroad with six companies of my regiment, numbering 262 men and 12 commissioned officers, the other four companies having been ordered to move across the country with the baggage train. At 9 o'clock in the

