
morning I joined the brigade commanded by General Oglesby, then some 2 miles northwest of Corinth, and with the rest of the brigade moved forward to the old Confederate breastworks and formed in line of battle. I deployed Company F, Lieutenant Farr commanding, to the front as skirmishers, who soon became engaged. The enemy appearing in front and to the left in force I called in my skirmishers, and while moving my regiment by the left, in order to connect with the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, found that this regiment had failed back and that the enemy in great force were flanking me. I fell back as soon as possible, but not until I had lost several men killed and wounded and a number taken prisoners. A new line of battle was soon formed under direction of the brigade commander. The brigade moved nearer Corinth and took another position, when I was ordered to the support of Captain Richardson's battery of the First Missouri Artillery, which was engaged with the enemy in front. About an hour later the brigade was moved by the left flank to a ridge nearer Corinth and a new line of battle formed. The enemy's fire at once became heavy and destructive from the front and right. My regiment returned the fire with admirable effect. At the end of twenty-five or thirty minutes I received an order to advance, which was done with steadiness, my men in the mean time keeping up a brisk and well-directed fire on the enemy, who fell back some distance. After moving forward some 200 yards I found the enemy in great force and occupied very favorable ground. Not being supported by the regiment at my right I fell back to my first position, and with the balance of my brigade soon after returned to the forts on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad.

In this engagement I lost heavily. Up to this time the killed and wounded and missing amounted to 83. Throughout my officers and men, with few exceptions, behaved in a creditable manner. In the last engagement most of them distinguished themselves by their coolness and courage while exposed to a galling fire.

I cannot now mention exposed to a galling fire.

I cannot now mention particular instances of great bravery and efficiency, though many are deserving it. The conduct of Color-Sergeant Hoppe, of Company F, and Cyrus Stout, of Company E, when carrying the colors in the face of the enemy under a heavy fire was truly admirable. Such bravery is seldom seen.

To Captain Van Sellar, of Company E, acting major, and to Actg. Adjt. W. F. Jobe I am under obligation for valuable services in the field. Their efficiency and courage entitle them to great praise.

Inclosed you will find a list of killed, wounded, and missing of the command during that day's operations.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. CHETLAIN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain S. WAIT,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Second Division.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Corinth, Miss., October 8, 1862.

COLONEL: I beg leave to make the following report of the part my regiment, the Twelfth Illinois Infantry, took in the battle of Corinth, on Saturday, October 4.

Before daylight on the morning of that day I was ordered with my

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 175.

---------------

