
regiment, numbering 256 enlisted men and 16 line officers, to the support of the batteries in the redan, on the right or north side of the town. Soon after my position was changed to the rear and I ordered to hold myself in position as a reserve. About 10 o'clock, when the enemy emerged from the woods along our front and right and moved on us in great force and the batteries immediately in my front were engaged and closely pressed, the horses attached to two caissons and two limbers became unmanageable and dashed forward over and through my regiment, then lying down, throwing my right and center into confusion. Before I could rally and reform the entire front line was driven back and the battery captured. I then fell back some 150 yards, having charge of the right, and Captain Guy C. Ward, of Company G, of the left. While rallying the right and forming it in line of battle in the rear of General Sullivan's brigade, then acting as a reserve, the left rushed forward, drove the enemy from the battery at the point of the bayonet, planted the regimental colors on the redan, manner the guns with the assistance of an artillerist, and fired some 15 or 20 well-directed rounds into the retreating enemy. The Fifty-second and Fifty-sixth Regiments Illinois Volunteers came up to the support of the men when working the battery. Immediately after several of my men pressed forward, and Private Daniel Osby, of Company K, captured a flag belonging to a Louisiana regiment and took the flag-bearer prisoner.

In this engagement my officers and men, as on the day before, behaved in a most praiseworthy manner. In the charge and retaking of the battery and redan much real courage was displayed, and the officers and men engaged in it deserve much credit: Captains Waite, of Company K, and Mills, of Company I; Lieutenants Mills, of Company C, Merriman and Drake, of Company H; also Lieutenant Garwood, of Company I, were in the battery. Lieutenant Miller, of Company C, having taken the colors of the Fifty-second Illinois, whose color-bearer had been shot, planted them with his own hand on the redan beside the colors of the Twelfth Illinois.

The officers and men who participated in the retaking of the battery took over 40 prisoners on that of the field.

Captain Guy C. Ward, a brave and efficient officer, was killed while rallying the left before the occupation of the battery.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. CHETLAIN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel August MERSY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

HEADQUARTERS TWELFTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Corinth, Miss., October 16, 1862.

SIR: In answer to your circular of this date, directed to me, I beg leave respectfully to make this statement:

On October 2 I was stationed at Burnsville. On the morning of the 3rd I was ordered to move into Corinth with my command, or as much as I could move with the railroad train, which was sent me for that purpose. I could bring on only six companies, with which I reached Corinth about 8 a. m. The other four companies of my regiment were ordered across the country with the wagon train, as I stated in my re-

