
port which I had the honor to make to Captain Sheridan Wait, assistant adjutant-general Second Brigade. The four companies which came across the country did not reach Corinth until late at night of the 3d, and consequently were not engaged on that day, which will account for the deficiency of 8 officers and 156 men.

All the officers and men of the regiment were on duty that day except two or three privates, excused by the doctor.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

A. L. CHETLAN,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Army of West Tennessee.

Numbers 54.

Report of Major Oliver Wood, Twenty-second Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, October 14, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the Twenty-second Ohio Volunteers Infantry in the late battle and pursuit of the rebel forces under General Van Dorn:

The regiment left camp, on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, 2 1\2 miles south of Corinth, on Friday morning, October 3, and marched through Corinth toward the outer works, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Orders were then sent to the regiment to return to Corinth and report to Colonel Burke, commandant of the post; reported to Colonel Bruke, and was ordered by him to guard and patrol the town, and also to arrest all stragglers and return them to their commands. This duty was performed, and nearly 500 stragglers were returned to their respective regiments. At 5 p. m. the regiment was ordered to take a position on the west side of the town and directly in rear of the building lately occupied by General Halleck. This position was taken and the regiment remained in line of battle until 8 p. m., when the arms were stacked and the men permitted to bivouac immediately on the line. All quiet through the night.

At 4 a. m. a rebel battery was opened directly in front of the line, the first shell striking about 30 feet in front of the line. The regiment was instantly formed under heavy fire of artillery, and marched by the right flank a distance of 200 or 300 yards and out of the range of the battery. We remained in this position until 8 a. m., when the following order was received from Colonel Burke:

HEADQUARTERS, Corinth, Miss., October 4, 1862.

You will with regiment take charge of the town of Corinth, do the guard duty, and patrol the town.

By order of P. E. Burke, colonel, commanding post:

WM. CALLINDER,Lieutenant and Post Adjutant.

COMMANDING OFFICER TWENTY-SECOND OHIO.

On receipt of the above order he regiment marched to the rear of Colonel Burke's headquarters, and four companies were sent out under Captains Thrall and French to patrol the town. Four companies were deployed to the right and left at intervals to pick up stragglers and

