
prevent a stampede. Two companies were kept in reserve. This position we kept through the action, with the exception of Companies B and G. These two companies were under command of Captain French, and were near the Corinth House, when the rebels darted into town. They immediately formed line and poured a destructive fire into the rebel column. When the rebels retired they joined in the pursuit and succeeded in capturing 20 prisoners and 1 stand of colors. Near the close of the action the regiment was again formed (Companies B and G excepted), and nearly 700 of other regiments that we had rallied, and marched to the front, but we were too late to take part in the action.

The regiment numbered on the morning of the 3rd in line 350 men and 18 officers, in the evening, 350 men and 19 officers; on the morning of the 4th, 345 men and 19 officers.

The casualties were 10 privates wounded, 2 of them mortally and have since died.

Officers and men performed every duty assigned them, and felt very much grieved that we should be kept in the rear.

On the morning of the 5th the regiment was relieved from guard duty and joined the division, then under orders to pursue the enemy. Orders were then received ordering a detail of 100 men under proper officers to report to Colonel Lee, of the Kansas Cavalry. Companies B, G, and I were detailed, under command of Captain French, and were placed and kept in the advance during the whole pursuit and returned to camp on the 13th at 3 p. m. The balance of the regiment (seven companies) marched with the division to Ruckersville and returned to camp on the 12th.

Yours, respectfully,

O. WOOD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 55.

Report of Captain George French, Twenty-second Ohio Infantry.

CAMP TWENTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEERS, October 17, 1862.

SIR: The undersigned, commanding a detachment of three companies of the Twenty-second Regiment Ohio Volunteers, ordered to report to Colonel Lee, commanding Second Brigade Cavalry, for duty, respectfully submits the following report:

We left Corinth Sunday morning, October 5, and marched southwest, though Kossuth, to camp in woods, 2 miles this side of Bone Yard, to Hatchie River, where we bivouacked.

October 7, crossed the Hatchie at Box Ford and encountered the enemy's pickets for first time 2 miles beyond. Drove their pickets to Ruckersville, which place we reached at 11 a. m. Left Ruckersville at 3 p. m. and fought the enemy's pickets at intervals to Ripley, which place we reached at 11 p. m., Price having passed through at noon and Van Dorn at 5 p. m.

On the 8th detachment and myself were ordered to the duty of

