
of battle was formed farther back my command was duly posted, and participated until the enemy were driven back from his last attack.

My loss in the action near the white house was: Killed, 2 privates; wounded, 1 major, 5 sergeants, 1 corporal, and 15 privates; missing, 2 privates. Total, 26.

It is due my command to state that they exhibited the utmost coolness in resisting the attack and daring in charging the solid column of the enemy.

Having returned from the scene of the last action of Friday, October 3, we rested on our arms during the night in the town of Corinth.

Before daylight on October 4 we were posted in rear of the lines in column of company on the left of and near Fort Richardson. My command numbered here 3 field and 6 line officers, with 125 men.

Soon after the action opened a battery in front of us came dashing out full speed through our columns, wounding several men and throwing the columns, wounding several men and throwing the column into confusion. They were promptly rallied and charged upon the enemy, following up his final retreat for some distance.

The loss sustained here was: Killed, 1 sergeant and 2 privates; wounded, 1 captain and 4 prisoners; missing, 1 private. Total, 9.

My command captured 73 prisoners, including 1 colonel, commanding brigade, and 1 captain. By direction of Major Evans the second lieutenant of Company B, Twenty-second Ohio, took from the enemy one standard (regimental), which was carried off the field by an officer (he had no shoulder-straps) purporting to be General Sullivan.

The entire loss was as follows: Killed, 11; wounded, 48; missing 6. Total, 65.

Musicians and hospital attendants not included in the numbers in the above report were actively employed on the field in their appropriate duties.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

THOS. MOTON,

Colonel, Commanding Eight-first Ohio.

Per CHAMBERLAIN,

Sergeant-Major and Acting Adjutant.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 57.

Report of Colonel Silas D. Baldwin, Fifty-seventh Illinois Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

CORINTH, MISS., October -, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the Third Brigade, Second Division, in the action of October 3, 1862:

In compliance with orders I left my camp at 5 a. m.-990 muskets, 40 rounds of cartridges in boxes, 160 in wagons, and 3 day's cooked rations. Joining the division at Corinth I moved forward on the

Columbia road and formed in battle line. I received orders from General Davies to re-enforce Colonel Oliver, of the Fifteenth Michigan, who was driven in from Chewalla. I found him occupying the Chewalla road, on the left of the old breastworks. On arriving I took command and formed the battle line in the following order: Seventh Illi-

19 R R-VOL XVII

