
mossioned officers, 149 enlisted men, and 1 color. I have no report of prisoners captured from the Seventh Illinois Volunteers.

I regret that, being personally unacquainted with the officers and men of the Third Brigade, I am unable to give you the names of all those worthy of particular mention. This is particularly to be regretted, as many behaved very badly. Colonel Babcock and Lieutenant-Colonel Rowett, of the Seventh; Lieutenant-Colonel Swarthout, of the Fiftieth, and the major [Forsse] of the Fifty-seventh are gallant soldiers, and did all in their power to restrain their men; and after the break rapidly brought back their best men under fire. I wish particularly to call your attention to the gallantly and soldiership of Captain Hanna, of the Fiftieth, my aide-de-camp. Acting Lieutenant--, of the Fifty-seventh, should be promoted immediately; and the following non-commissioned officers, Sergt. [Isaac D.] Newell and Corpl. [Joseph] Bordwell, color-bearers of the Seventh Illinois; Sergt. Sinclair Watts and Corpl. David Laughlin, Fiftieth Illinois, and to the color and banner bearers of the Fifty-seventh, whose names I am not able now to obtain.

My loss was 59 killed and wounded and 10 missing. The general commanding the division having directed that the reports of regimental commanders be sent to him, I am unable to obtain correct data on which to base a report of killed and wounded.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Colonel, U. S. Army.

Captain J. LOVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 59

Report of Colonel Andrew J. Babcock, Seventh Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 14, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with orders from your headquarters I submit to you the following report of the part taken by the Seventh Regiment of Illinois Infantry in the battle at Corinth, Miss., of Friday and Saturday, October 3 and 4 instant:

The regiment left its camp, on the Booneville road, about 6 o'clock on Friday morning, the 3rd instant, with 390 men and 28 commissioned officers, marching through Corinth across the Mobile and Ohio Railroad and taking the Chewalla road. We marched about 1 1\2 miles and formed in line of battle facing south. Soon after I received orders from Colonel Baldwin, commanding the Third Brigade, to move forward and re-enforce Colonel Oliver, who was attacked by the enemy.

Arriving at Colonel Oliver's command I was placed on the extreme right, behind the old rebel works, the artillery on the road, immediately on my left. I sent out Company H as skirmishers. They were soon driven in, with the loss of First Lieutenant Ring, badly wounded, and reported the enemy in large force. About the same time the infantry and artillery on my left commenced a terrific fire. The enemy soon appeared on my front and I poured in a fire which drove them back. At this time I discovered a large force of rebels breaking through the timber in solid column about 40 rods from my right and moving directly toward and across the earthworks. I turned the fire of my right wing

