
obliquently and checked them for a few minutes. They rallied and succeeded in turning the right flank.

The enemy in my front, after their first repulse, soon rallied and came forward, receiving my fire with remarkable steadiness. The infantry and artillery on my left had failed back, and I soon discovered that the enemy were out flanking me on the left. Being nearly surrounded, and no troops for my support, I ordered my command to fall back by the right of companies, the enemy pursuing a short distance. I moved to the rear about one-half of a mile, where I found Colonel Oliver's command and the regiments comprising the Third Brigade in line of battle. I formed on the left flank east of the Chewalla road, forming a new line of battle, facing north.

Companies I and C were sent out as skirmishers and drew the fire of the enemy. The main line was now ordered to charge the enemy, which was successfully accomplished, driving him three-quarters of a mile and to his reserve. At this time two regiments were sent forward to re-enforce the column making the charge, and from some unknown reason fired into us, fortunately doing little damage, but causing the men to break. The enemy swung his right around our left flank and brought up his reserve, giving us a heavy fire, which with the fire in our rear forced us back and ended the fighting.

I was then ordered to report to you at Corinth, where we arrived at dark. The men were much exhausted and suffered much during the day from heat and want of water, having nothing but vinegar, a barrel of which was fortunately secured near the camp of the Sixth Division.

The loss of my command this day was 5 killed, 27 wounded, and 17 missing; the missing supposed to have been wounded and taken prisoners in the charge.

OCTOBER 4.-Changed position three times during the night of the 3d, and was in line at daylight in rear of redoubt on the Purdy road with 288 enlisted men and 22 commissioned officers. About 8 o'clock moved to the front and occupied a position behind a few logs, my right resting on the Purdy road and my left extended toward the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, and was afterward sent forward with my whole command as skirmishers, holding six companies in reserve.

The enemy was discovered to be crossing the railroad in large force, and I was ordered to return to my formed position, where I remained until the enemy made the attack, coming forward directly in my front was turned to the column charging the redoubt, the left wing firing on the enemy advancing in front. The enemy advanced directly under our fire. The redoubt was taken and the forces on my right were giving way in confusion. A battery in my rear opened fire, doing some damage.

Sergeant Wheeler, of Company H, was killed by a short from this battery. The men fell back a short distance. I succeeded, with the assistance of my officers, in rallying them, and made a stand at a small house a few rods in rear of the position I had occupied, and fired several volleys into the advancing enemy, which staggered him and drove him back. The battery in my rear continuing its fire, the men again fell back and formed out of the line of its fire. The enemy was soon in full retreat, and we remained in line of battle during the rest of the day without further engagements.

The loss of my command this day was 3 killed, 19 wounded, and 4 missing. Among the killed was Second Lieutenant Henry N. Estabrook, of

