
Company E, a young man of sterling integrity and a brave soldier. He fell on Saturday, while cheering on his men, shot through the brain. Lieutenant Estabrook has since received a commission as captain of Company I. Lieutenant William Brown, jr., quartermaster, was also wounded of Friday and since died. Prompt and fearless in the discharge of his duty, in his death the command has met with a loss which will be severely felt.

Where all performed their duty in such a creditable manner it would seem invidious to particularize. I cannot close, however, without making honorable mention of Lieutenant-Colonel Rowett and Sergt. Major J. S. Robinson, from whom I received valuable assistance; also Sergeant Newell, of Company A, and Corporal Brodwell, of Company E, color-bearers, for the fearless manner in which they performed their duties.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Your obedient servant,

A. J. BABCOCK,

Colonel, Commanding Seventh Illinois Infantry.

General THOMAS A. DAVIES,

Commanding Second Division.

Numbers 60.

Report of Lieutenant William Swarthout, Fiftieth Illinois Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTIETH ILLINOIS REGIMENT, Near Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my command in the battle of October 3 and 4:

Friday morning, October 3, we were ordered into line and about 6 o'clock started in the direction of Corinth. The men were provided with three days' rations in haversacks, and, expecting a long march, also carried their knapsacks with them. The strength of the regiment on leaving camp was 20 commissioned officers and 265 men. This does not include 20 men who were on grand guard and not relieved in time to start with us. Part of these afterward fell in with us, but it is not known how many. After passing through Corinth we were marched some 2 miles to the west of town. Here we were separated from the brigade and ordered to report to General Davies, who immediately ordered me to take one section of artillery and move forward to the rebel entrenchments. Before reaching the entrenchments I was ordered to return, and was placed at the cross-roads, with two sections of artillery as a reserve. After we had been in this position some time sharp fighting was heard some distance in front of us, the rebels having attacked General McArthur in force. I was immediately ordered forward to his support, but did not reach the scene of action before his forces had been compelled to fall back. I had hardly got my regiment into line when I was ordered to change position by the left flank. After numerous marches and countermarches (having changed front several times) I was at last permitted to engage the enemy. My regiment was at this time on the left of the brigade, with orders, in case the right was compelled to fall back, to hold the enemy in check and cover their retreat. My men advanced to the work in splendid style and engaged the enemy

