
with a determination that showed their hearts were in it. I kept up a hot fire upon them, pouring in volley after volley with deadly effect until ordered by General McArthur to fall back. During the engagement my officers and men conducted themselves in a most creditable manner. Not one did I see shrink from his duty, and all were reluctant to leave the field when ordered to fall back.

My men suffered greatly during the day from heat and want of water. Quite a number had to be taken from the field, some suffering from sunstroke and others from utter exhaustion.

I reached Corinth about dark and bivouacked a mile south of two, but about 9 o'clock was ordered to move to the north of town. After changing position several times the men were permitted to lay down, but had been asleep but a few minutes when they were aroused by the enemy's cannon.

Some time after daylight we were ordered to take position in rear of some log entrenchments, where we remained until about 10 o'clock, when the enemy were seen approaching. As soon as they were within range I opened a heavy fire upon them. Most of the time I had a good cross-fire and did great execution.

After the engagement had lasted some time Colonel Du Bois ordered me to fall back. For some distance my men remained in good order, delivering volley after volley at the advancing rebels, but on reaching the cross-street became entangled with several other regiments and were thrown into confusion. The officers did everything possible to rally their men, but the enemy were so close on to us and delivering such a deadly fire among us that we were compelled to fall back again and again; but at last they relaxed their fire for a few moments, during which time I succeeded in rallying my men and again pushed forward upon the enemy. They soon gave way before our well-directed fire, and we followed them up, driving them over the entrenchments from which they had so recently driven us and into the woods beyond. I kept up a constant fire upon them until they became utterly routed.

I regret to announce the death of Jonas D. Corwin, second lieutenant of Company I, who was killed while gallantly rallying his men. By his death we have lost a good officer and a brave soldier. Captain Horace L. Burnham, one of our bravest and best officers, was severely wounded in the right breast while driving the rebels over the entrenchments.

After the rout of the rebels I immediately moved forward with my command and succeeded in capturing 2 commissioned officers, 140 enlisted men, and 1 stand of colors.

The number of officers and men taken into action on the morning of October 3 was: Officers 20; enlisted men, 265. The number on the evening of October 3 was: Officers, 17; enlisted men, 217. The number taken into action October 4 was: Officers, 15; enlisted men, 219. The number of killed and wounded in all was: Captain, 1; second lieutenants, 2; sergeants, 2; corporals, 2, and privates, 20. Missing, 1 corporal and 2 privates. The number that started on October 5 was: Officers, 14, and enlisted men, 219.

Sunday morning, October 5, started in pursuit of the rebels. Proceeded as far as Ruckersville, but saw nothing of the enemy. We returned to camp on Sunday, October 12. Nothing of importance transpired during the march.

WILLIAM SWARTHOUT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel JOHN V. DU BOIS,

Commanding Brigade.

