
formed I received orders from Colonel Baldwin, commanding brigade, to move the command into the fortifications. Having reported to General McArthur I did not obey the order, but reported the order to General McArthur, and also that our right was being out flanked, as the orderly for Colonel Baldwin reported, the orderly stating that Colonel Baldwin was on our right, nearly to Corinth. After making the charge and driving the enemy's advance in they were strongly re-enforced in front of the left of the column, which gave way and retired Soon after the Seventh and Fiftieth Illinois gave way to the rear, crossing the railroad into the camp of the Sixteenth Wisconsin. Rallying the few men I had left I returned inside the fortifications near the seminary, giving my men water and replenishing their ammunition. I then reported to Colonel S. D. Baldwin at the Tishomingo Hotel, slightly wounded. The brigade was reformed by Colonel Babcock and moved south to Corinth.

At 10 p. m. we were ordered into line and moved to the rear of General Ord's old headquarters. Lying in that position until 3 a. m. we were moved to General Rosecrans' headquarters, and after receiving instructions were moved to ground north and rear of the battery and Purdy road. Bivouacked until the rebels commenced shelling. Had my men in column by company closed in mass. Had the men eat, fill their canteens with water, and examine their ammunition preparatory for action. Soon after I was ordered by you to accompany General McArthur to the ground occupied by a portion of his troops to know the location to move the brigade, Colonel Babcock being temporarily in command. I started in company with General McArthur and was soon joined by Colonel Babcock. While being shown the ground by General McArthur General Rosecrans came up and ordered the troops then occupying the ground to remain on it. Colonel Babcock and myself then returned to the brigade.

In a short time I was ordered to report to Colonel Du Bois, which I did, and received instructions to form my regiment on the left of the Fiftieth, in column by division, closed in half distance on the First Division, which was done. I then received orders to march to the front. The troops moved to the front and recovered and reoccupied the ground occupied by General McArthur's troops, the Seventh being in line of battle, facing nearly north, the Fiftieth resting on the left of the Seventh, facing nearly west, its left resting on a 4-gun battery. I was ordered to form on the left of the battery, which position I took, facing nearly west, and having my line well formed. The skirmishers in front soon commenced firing, and retiring and the artillery on my right opened. Several of the skirmishers had come in, and I was just on the point of opening fire when Lieutenant Harris came, who said the Colonel wished me to move to the rear of the Seventh to support it. I told him the skirmishers on my front had just comein, the enemy was just advancing, and I was ready to open fire. He returned in a few moments and stated that the order was to move, which I did by flank, and formed my command in the rear of the Seventh. The men laid down, facing nearly north, close to the Seventh Illinois, and in good order, advancing. During the movement of the commands the enemy had advanced on the position I had left, and had also formed in line in front of the Seventh Illinois, having advanced with their battle-flags out of the timber to within 100 yards of the front of the Seventh Illinois.

The fighting on the right and front of the redoubt had become warm. The infantry supporting the redoubt on the hill on our right had commenced falling back. The Seventh, in front, had just opened fire, when

