
were receiving recruits in large squads from Dyer, Lauderdale, and Hickman Counties.

I believe our only policy is to burn up these counties. They pay no attention to the oath, feed and guide the rebels. Two negroes led our cavalry to them, guiding them around their pickets. No white man had the pluck to do it. Most of Faulkner's company were asleep. They travel in the night and sleep day-time. North of Dyersburg is another band, 100 strong, waiting to join Faulkner. I expect to trap them before to-morrow morning unless the news of Faulkner's rout gets to them. Faulkner's horse and equipments were taken, and one of the prisoners says he was killed or wounded.

The three prisoners taken are Fielding Bland, who lives within 7 miles of Blandville; Henry Torpley, 6 miles from Feliciana, Hickman County, Ky., and W. S. Bennett, 3 miles from Batimore, Hickman County, Ky. Our loss was 7 men wounded, 2 mortally. Our cavalry under Major Bush is now following up the scattered band.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.
HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, Tenn., August 10, 1862.

Captain Peck with 53 men of Sixth Illinois Cavalry attacked Faulkner's company of Jackson's cavalry on Thursday between 3 and 4 o'clock p.m., 5 miles east of Dyersburg, completely surprising and routing them. He reports 20 killed; has sent in 53 of their horses, most of their arms and ammunition, with 3 prisoners. Those that escaped left without their clothes, arms, or horses. Their company roll showed them to be 127 strong. Our loss was 7 wounded, 2 mortally. Their dispatches taken show they, with Porter's band, crossed the Tennessee line five days ago; left rest of Faulkner's cavalry at Senatobia, Miss. They were ordered to burn all cotton west of Tennessee River, and if possible get into Kentucky to recruit their commands. One of the prisoners taken says he saw all of Cheatham's army on their way to Richmond via Chattanooga.

I forwarded dispatches by telegraph and letter to the district headquarters promptly. Will hereafter forward to you as directed. Faulkner's band is used up and we are catching the stragglers from it.

G. M. DODGE,Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Corinth, Miss.

AUGUST 11, 1862.-Skirmish at Saulsbury, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Leonard F. Ross, U. S. Army.

BOLIVAR, August 12, 1862.

GENERAL: Captain Funke of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry has just returned from Saulsbury. On yesterday morning they attacked and dispersed guerrilla band organized at Saulsbury. The captain of the

