
point, and Van Dorn's forces are increasing rapidly. If you can possibly produce a diversion do so.

By order of E. O. C. Ord, major-general:

A. B. SHARPE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

General ROSECRANS,

Care of General Grant.

P. S.-General Ord is wounded and General Hurlbut is in command.

A. B. SHARPE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

HOSPITAL NEAR POCAHONTAS, TENN., October 5, 1862-6 p.m.

Major General U. S. GRANT:

I joined the columns and took command at 7.30 this a.m., and found that General Hurlbut had drive in the enemy's vedettes and had skirmished considerably on the afternoon of the 4th. I also found that he made excellent arrangements for the advance to-day.

About half a mile from our camp of last night the enemy began to dispute our advance, first with cavalry, to which their infantry and artillery in force were soon added. The road, narrow and winding, through swamp and jungle, for their infantry, and every ridge for their artillery, from which we successfully drove them, generally at the double-quick, for 5 miles, to and across the Hatchie's at Davis' Bridge, over which and up the steep beyond we pushed them so rapidly that they had not time to burn the bridge. In driving the enemy we took two batteries and have them, and at the river captured between 200 and 300 prisoners, among whom are field officers and an aide-de-camp to General Van Dorn, who commanded the enemy.

On account of the fact that we had frequently to attack across open fields and up hills, while the enemy were under dense cover, we have lost quite a number of officers and men, and have several hundred wounded, probably a greater number than the enemy.

General Veatch was very badly contused by a spent ball striking him in the side.

I will send you regimental list of killed and wounded as soon as they can be brought in.

General Hurlbut has cavalry in pursuit of the enemy, who moved off to the south about 4 o'clock this afternoon.

Our infantry, which started from Bolivar at 3 a.m. yesterday, marched 26 miles, and to-day fighting 5 miles over this country under fire at short range for seven hours, being too much fatigued to pursue to-day; besides it will take until dark to bring in the wounded.

The troops in their charge over the miserable bridge at Davis' Creek and up the steep beyond, exposed to a murderous fire of shell and grape and canister, with three of their batteries playing upon them at canister-range, however, proved that wherever their officers dare to lead them the men will go.

Generals Hurlbut, Veatch, and Lauman, the former commanding the division and the latter two brigades, did not confine themselves alone to their duties as commanders, but did everything that men could do to make victory complete. Gallant officers! So much praise of them is entirely unnecessary.

To their respective staff officers I must also add my sincere thanks

