
for the zeal and energy with which they discharged their arduous duties throughout the day.

To the officers of the line and the men, from what I have seen of them to-day, I can only say that, should the fortunes of war continue them under my command, it will be my pride to win their confidence.

General Veatch pushed the enemy with great vigor and success in front until their forces were so much increased that it became necessary to bring up our reserve, under command of General Lauman, which I ordered at once; whereupon the enemy were driven from their last stronghold, General Lauman showing by his coolness, energy, and courage that the front was his proper place.

General Hurlbut has reported to me that he has gathered about 900 arms already, thrown away by the enemy in their retreat and expects to collect a large number to-morrow. The names of 289 prisoners have already been registered, and they are still being brought in.

From the nature of the country over which we fought it is impossible to arrive at an accurate estimate of the number of the enemy; but this may be inferred from the number of arms thrown away, the quantity of their artillery, and the fact that a portion of their forces engaged against us were not at Corinth.

Guns are heard to-night in the direction of Corinth. General Hurlbut will push forward early to-morrow morning, as it is presumed General Rosecrans is harassing the rear of the enemy.

My personal staff, Div. Surg. S. B. Davis, Captain Sharpe, and Lieutenant Brown, aides-de-camp, and Captain Hotaling, Second Illinois Cavalry, and aide-de-camp, were by turns colonels of regiments or captains of batteries. Cheering and leading the men through the thickest of the fight, they always took the shortest line to danger on the field, and were always on hand when wanted. I commend them to the considerations of the Government.

E. O. C. ORD.

Number 64. Report of Captain Alexander B. Sharpe, U. S. Army, Aide-de-Camp, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

HOSPITAL NEAR DAVIS' BRIDGE, ON THE HATCHIE RIVER, October 5, 1862.

GENERAL: We are in severe engagement across the Hatchie at Davis' Bridge. We drove the enemy for about a mile to that point, taking at least 200 prisoners and two batteries. The enemy has four batteries playing upon us and a large body of infantry, and General Ord is apprehensive we will have to fall back unless we are speedily re-enforced.

This was the stage of the battle when we left for the hospital a few moments ago, when General Ord was severely wounded just as he was directing to send this dispatch to you.

A. B. SHARPE,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

Major-General GRANT.

P. S.-We have driven the enemy and taken possession of heights on the other side. This I infer, as the firing has ceased and our men are going forward. The firing has commenced. They have probably taken a new position.

