
complete, with caissons, 650 stand of small-arms, and 420 prisoners were secured. Thirty-two dead of the enemy were buried on the ground. Many small-arms are believed to have been thrown into the river, and it is known that a large force of negroes during the battle was engaged in taking their dead and wounded to the rear.

This success was achieved by us with severe loss. I regret to report 50 killed, 493 wounded, and 17 missing. Total, 560.*

Full lists of the killed, wounded, and missing, as well as a list of paroled prisoners, accompany this report.

Where all have done so well it is difficult to make distinctions; but I desire especially to call attention to the conduct of my cavalry and artillery. The Fifth Ohio Cavalry has but and average of eight carbines to a company. As a charge is an impossible thing in the country over which the column passed, they were compelled to do skirmishing duty in thick timber and undergrowth with the revolver alone. They kept firmly to the front, well advanced, and covered the column. In the action they protected the flanks. Their duty was well done, and they deserve commendation. Three of my batteries had never been in action, and neither men or horses had been under fire.

To Captains Bolton and Burnap and Lieutenant Burrows, commanding these batteries, and their officers and men, great praise is due for steadiness, coolness, and skill.

Major Campbell, chief of artillery, was constantly where he was wanted, and directed the movements of the artillery with singular judgment, and by the fearless exposure of his own person under the heaviest fire he contributed largely to the spirited and effective conduct of his arm of service.

For details of the conduct of the several regiments I respectfully refer to the annexed reports of subordinate commanders.

The chiefs of my brigades and their commands maintained their well-won reputation. I can give them no higher praise, and the Sixty-eighth Ohio and Twelfth Michigan kept steadily up to their work and held all the ground they took.

My own staff performed their duty wherever sent. Captain Jackson, commissary of subsistence, was conspicuously active as an aide both to myself and Major-General Ord. Captain Thurston and Captain Benner deserve honorable mention, as wail as the assistant adjutant-general, Captain Binmore, for conduct during the engagement and after it.

Martin K. Cook, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, has been with me since Siloh, and fulfilled the duties of aide without the rank or pay of a commissioned officer. I recommend him strongly for a commission.

I am happy to acknowledge (publicly) the highly meritorious services of Dr. J. G. Keenon, surgeon of volunteers and chief of medical staff, by whose unceasing labors (aided by the regimental surgeons) the large number of wounded men were rapidly and successfully treated.

In conclusion I feel it my duty (officially) to correct a misapprehension arising from a passage of Major-General Ord's dispatch of October 5. No regiment or battery was at any time commanded by any staff officer. Their own officers led the men throughout the battle, and fulfilled their duty, without exception, so far as I can ascertain.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, yours,

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Asst. Adjt. General, District of West Tennessee.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.304.

---------------

