
command of the Fourth Division. A promotion won by your courage and discipline removes me to a larger command. I wish you to understand from these my parting orders that I know full well that no regiment in my old division desired to be under my command when we met at Donelson. The reason why I know well, but care not to tell now.

Your respect I conquered at Shiloh, your regard I hope to have acquired since. Give to the officers who may succeed me the same prompt obedience, the same steady devotion to duty, and you will make me, wherever I am, proud of the high reputation of the Fourth Division.

Remember, every man and officer, that I here again publicly acknowledge that whatever I may have of military reputation has been won by you, and that I wear it only as coming from you, and that any misconduct or want of discipline on your part will grieve your old commander. Remember that I place my honor as well as your own in your hands, and that if I find a difficult place that must be held I shall call for the Fourth. I have no fears how you will answer.

Our dead-our glorious dead! The joy of victory is dimmed when we think of them. But they have died as they would wish-died in defense of the Union and the laws; died bravely on the red field of battle with their unconquered banner over them. Their comrades will avenge them. And when at last our victorious flag shall float over the national domain reconquered and united, and the weary soldier shall forget his toil in the endearments of home, around your firesides and among you children and your neighbors you shall recite as part of your glorious history how you swept the rebel hosts with every advantage of position across the Hatchie and crowned the opposing hill wit a wall of fire and of steel that repelled the chosen troops of Van Dorn and Price.

Infantry, artillery, and cavalry of the Fourth Division, and your well-deserving companions of the Sixty-eighth Ohio and Twelfth Michigan, you have done your duty, each in his place and each at the right time. You have satisfied your general, and the country in due time shall know what is due to each of you. I bid you for a while farewell.

Officers and men, continue to deserve your lofty reputation, and then as heretofore you will receive the approbation of your general and strengthen his hands in the performance of his duties.

S. A. HURLBUT,

Major-General.

Number 67. Report of Major Charles C. Campbell, First Illinois Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,FOURTH DIVISION, DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE,

Camp at Bolivar, Tenn., October 10, 1862.

I joined the division on the evening of October 4 on the opposite bank of the Big Muddy and reported to General Hurlbut for duty as chief of artillery, I having just returned from Saint Louis, where I had been on duty in conformity with Special Orders, Number 175.

On the morning of the 5th I was ordered by Major-General Hurlbut to the front to take charge of the batteries. I proceeded something like half a mile or more and found one section of Bolton's battery in position on the side of a hill, shelling a house, distant about half a mile, in which

