
were stationed some of the rebel pickets. They left in haste, as all of the six shells thrown took effect. I then rode to the front about 1 1/2 miles, where I met Major Hayes, of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, and he informed me that the rebels were planting a battery on the flat near the Hatchie River, on the opposite side of a hill or hog-back which intervened. I immediately ordered Captain Bolton's battery (Company L, Second Illinois Light Artillery) forward, and planted it just in rear of the brow of the hill, three of the pieces in the road and one on the right of the house which stood on the right of the road, leaving the caissons in the rear about a mile.

As soon as Captain Bolton came into position he opened on the enemy's battery, who immediately returned the fire, which was very heavy. During the firing I rode to the right about 100 yards to see the effect of the shot, when I discovered on the right and front of Bolton's battery, within 300 yards, the rebel infantry, as I supposed, preparing to make a charge on the battery. I immediately ordered Burnap's Seventh Ohio forward, and stationed one section on the right of Captain Bolton, and removed the remaining section still farther to the right, and with the right section of the battery commenced shelling the rebel infantry, drove them back, and completely routed them. The batteries then directed their fire on the enemy's battery, which was soon silenced, as they were then under a cross-fire from Bolton's and Burnap's batteries.

When this was done General Veatch ordered the Second Brigade forward. As soon as they had dropped down the hill out of our range the batteries again opened and continued firing until our infantry engaged the enemy. I immediately ordered the limbers filled from the caissons and then to move down the hill. The enemy were found to have crossed the bridge, and I was ordered by General Ord to move a section up to the bridge and shell the opposite side of river, which was done by one section of Captain Bolton's battery, commanded by Captain Bolton, and one section of Mann's battery (Company C, First Missouri Light Artillery), commanded by Lieutenant Brotzmann, but finding that it was endeavoring the lives of our own men I ordered them to cease firing.

General Ord then ordered me to take the two sections across the river, which was done under a very heavy fire from the enemy's battery and infantry, which was stationed upon the high ground back from the river and completely surrounded with heavy timber, which prevented our using our artillery. The fire here was tremendous and the two sections were in the very thickest of it. We remained in that position until the enemy were driven from the hill by our infantry, when I ordered Bolton's battery and Mann's battery up the hill on the right of the road, as the enemy's battery had dropped back to the timber at the junction of the two roads. Before the batteries had fairly got in position the enemy's batteries opened upon them, which was returned with vigor by Bolton and Brotzmann. I immediately ordered Captain Spear's battery (Fifteenth Ohio) up on the hill on the left of the road. They came up (one piece on the right and rear of an old loghouse and three on the left) and opened fire on the enemy's battery with shot and shell, bringing them under a cross-fire from our three batteries, which soon silenced them. Our batteries continued throwing shell into the timber, driving the enemy for about ten minutes after the battery was silenced.

About this time it was reported to me by a colonel, whose name I do not know, that the enemy were planting a battery directly in front of Spear's battery. I immediately ordered the battery forward by a left

