
oblique, which was executed under a heavy fire from the enemy's sharpshooters. The battery took position and opened upon the enemy with such good effect that they did not fire a shot, but left the field, leaving their only remaining caisson behind them. During this firing the enemy made a charge on Spear's battery, but were repulsed by one section of Bolton's battery, commanded by Lieutenant James, who drove them back, capturing their colors. In the mean time I had stationed Captain Burnap's battery on the right of Captain Spear's, when all four of our batteries opened upon the enemy, driving them from the timber and we saw no more of them.

Wounded in the engagement: Captain W. H. Bolton's battery, 5. I regret to have to complain of neglect in the case of Charles S. Adams, who was wounded early in the engagement and lay in a helpless condition, without surgical aid, for thirty-six hours, the battery surgeon refusing to do anything for him. I hope the general commanding will investigate it. Captain Burnap's battery, 1; Captain Spear's battery, 2; Captain Mann's battery, 6.

Captain Mann's battery lost in the action 3 horses killed and 3 wounded; Captain Bolton 8 horses killed and 2 pieces temporarily disabled, which were repaired by substituting from the captured battery.

During the engagement Captain Bolton's battery fired, solid shot, 24; canister, 34; shell, 145. Burnap's battery fired, shot, 8; canister, 65; shell, 61. Mann's battery fired, shot, 10; canister 57; shell, 17; spherical case, 84. Spear's battery fired, shot 76; canister, 28; spherical case,154, making a total spherical case, 283; solid shot, 118; canister, 184; and shell, 223. Total shot, shell, canister, and spherical case, 763 rounds.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men of the four batteries. All did their duty well and faithfully. None flinched from duty, even under a galling fire. I would call special attention to Captains Bolton and Burnap; also to Lieutenants Moore, James, Burrows, and Brechtel, they being under fire for the first time. They fought like veterans, always at their posts, cool and collected. Also Lieutenant Brotzmann, commanding Mann's battery. He is a fine officer; was at Carthage, Pittsburg, and Shiloh. There were other officers of the batteries equally deserving, but I do not know their names. In fact all men and officers did their duty throughout faithfully.

With due respect I submit the foregoing report to Major-General Hurlbut for approval.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. C. CAMPBELL,

Major and Chief of Artillery.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Asst. Adjt. General, Fourth Div., Dist. of West Tennessee.

Number 68. Report of Brigadier General Jacob G. Lauman, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of skirmish near Middleton and engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the movements of my brigade since I received the order to march at 3 a.m. on Saturday, October 4:

We left our camp at Bolivar and moved forward on the Corinth road

