
wounded, and missing,* referring you to regimental commanders for detailed statements, which are herewith appended.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

J. G. LAUMAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain HENRY BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 69. Report of Colonel Amory K. Johnson, Twenty-eighth Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, October 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my command on the 5th instant numbered 23 commissioned officers and 382 enlisted men, who came under fire at 11.30 a.m., reaching the bridge at the Hatchie at 12.5 o'clock, having lost 1 officer-Second Lieutenant E. P. Durell, of Company H-wounded and 1 man; crossed the bridge on double-quick time under a murderous fire with some loss; moved forward to the right of the road near the river bank and halted, the right of the regiment resting near the foot of the hill on which they enemy was posted, being on the extreme right of the brigade, although the fourth regiment in column of march, my left being partially masked by the Fifty-third Illinois Regiment. We remained in this position about 1 1/4 hours, suffering severely, returning the fire with but little effect. At this point of time I received the order to move forward. I moved still by the flank until sufficiently unmasked, my right to the right of the road leading up the hill to the house, then by the left flank in line to the top of the hill, in support of Mann's battery. At this time observing a movement of a large body of the enemy as if to turn our right I reported facts to General Lauman, who sent the Third Iowa, a portion of the Twenty-fifth and Fifty-third Indiana, to our support, which being posted to the best advantage, the enemy after a sharp exchange of a few minutes retired rapidly under cover of the woods and hills to the right of the old peach orchard.

The battle closed about 3.30 p.m., when we found 7 dead of the Twenty-eighth on the field and 85 wounded, of whom 4 have since died. There are 7 missing, of whom 3 are probably dead.+

During the engagement my command captured and sent to the rear over 120 prisoners.

As to the conduct and bearing of my command, with a very few exceptions they behaved nobly, and under all the circumstances I am only surprised that they staid with me at all. After I have learned all the circumstances I will make special mention of those deserving special notice for gallantry, as well as those who deserve condemnation.

A. K. JOHNSON,Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.304.

+But see revised statement, p.304.

---------------

