
Number 71. Report of Colonel Isaac C. Pugh, Forty-first Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. FORTY-FIRST REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Bolivar, Tenn., October 8, 1862.

I herewith submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-first Regiment of Illinois Volunteers in the late fight at Big Hatchie:

On the morning of October 5 I received orders from General Lauman to take charge of the wagon train, which duty I performed. Upon the moving out of the troops under the command of Major-General Hurlbut my orders were to remain with the train at the encampment where we then were. Subsequently I received an order to move the train up, which duty I performed, throwing out the necessary flank guards. When I reached the town, or headquarters, I received orders from General Ord to take the train back to Big Muddy, employing my whole force. When I got ready to start I reported in person to General Ord, and found General Hurlbut at General Ord's headquarters. General Hurlbut remonstrated against the Forty-first Regiment being sent back as train guard, and upon the representation of General Hurlbut I was ordered to send two companies, and I sent E and H, who performed their duty faithfully. I was ordered to hold the balance of my regiment as a reserve. In about an hour afterwards I was ordered to bring my regiment up for action.

Arriving on the battle ground General Lauman assigned me my position in line of battle on the left of Mann's battery. I was then ordered to throw out one company of skirmishers, and immediately assigned that duty to Captain Lee, Company B. We remained in line of battle until near night, when Captain Lee's company was brought in. They had skirmished with the enemy, exchanging a few shots, and conducting themselves to my entire satisfaction. They were called in, and Captain Green's company (I) was sent out as picket guard, which duty they performed to my entire satisfaction.

On Monday morning I was ordered out with my entire regiment, one section of Mann's battery, and one battalion of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, commanded by Major Ricker. My orders were to open communication with General Rosecrans, which duty I performed, taking the Corinth road. I found the advance of General Rosecrans' column at or near where the Jonesborough road crosses the Corinth road, at which point I sent word to General Rosecrans of the meeting of his and General Hurlbut's columns; also sending as express at the same time to General Hurlbut, asking him what I should do, when he ordered me back. I then turned my command back without seeing the enemy.

The men under my command obeyed every order promptly and were ready and willing for whatever might come.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. C. PUGH,

Colonel Forty-first Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

