
Number 72. Report of Captain John W. McClanahan, Fifty-third Illinois Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. FIFTY-THIRD REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Bolivar, Tenn., October 8, 1862.

SIR: I herewith submit to you a report of the regiment:

We went into action on Sunday morning with about 300 men. Company A went into action under the command of Acting Lieutenant Price, who was shot through the head, First Lieutenant Armstrong being at that time detailed as adjutant and Captain Wright was not to be found.

Second Sergeant Baldwin behaved nobly and deserves promotion.

All of the companies and company officers behaved with the greatest bravery. To speak of one is to speak of all.

Captain Michael Leahy, of Company K, and Captain Hudson, of Company D, more than did their duty.

We were ordered across the Hatchie River by Brigadier-General Lauman on double-quick time, and were to occupy the ground to the right of the road. After crossing, and before I had formed in line of battle, I was met by men falling back, which staggered my men a little, but they immediately recovered, formed in line, and commenced firing upon the enemy, who were at that time almost immediately in front; but they soon fell back over the hill, and soon opened a murderous fire with canister, shot, and shell, together with small-arms.

In this position my whole loss in killed and wounded occurred except 5, 3 being wounded while crossing the bridge and 1 killed and 1 wounded while supporting Mann's battery.

Captain Vaughn was wounded early in the engagement at the head of his company and Captain Earl was very cool during the fight.

The regiment remained in position on the east side of the Hatchie until the 7th, when we were ordered back to Bolivar.

Allow me to mention Surgeon Welch as having performed his duty as a surgeon nobly.

J. W. McCLANAHAN,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 73. Report of Captain Matthew M. Trumbull, Third Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA INFANTRY,Camp near Bolivar, Tenn., October 8, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Third Iowa Infantry in the battle of October 3 [5]:

The Third Iowa Infantry, 300 strong, was on the right of the First Brigade (General J. G. Lauman) and formed part of the reserve. When the reserve was ordered into the action the Third Iowa led, crossing the bridge with a cheer and at a double-quick under so severe a fire

