
that about 57 men were shot down in a few minutes, including over half the commissioned officers present. This necessarily threw the regiment into some disorder, especially as the road was very narrow and encumbered with a good deal of underbrush, and the men, pressing for ward, got mixed up with men of other regiments. I saw no way to extricate the regiment but by planting the colors in the middle of the road and ordering the men to rally to them and form a new line of battle. This was promptly done, nearly every man springing instantly to his place. The regiment then moved forward up the hill, in company with other regiments which had adopted the same plan, the enemy retreating as we advanced. On reaching the summit the Third Iowa was stationed in the open plain to the left of the road, and, toward the close of the engagement, were moved to the right of the road, near the bend of the river, to support the gallant Twenty-eighth Illinois (Colonel Johnson). The battle was now about over.

I have to regret the loss of First Lieutenant W. P. Dodd, commanding Company H, who was struck by a shell and instantly killed just before we reached the bridge. He was a brave and faithful officer and his loss will be felt heavily in the regiment.

I have also to regret the permanent disability of Captain E. I. Weiser, of Company D, and Acting Second Lieutenant D. W. Foote, of Company I, two noble and gallant officers, both of whom have been wounded in battle before.

Captain Kostmann, commanding Company C, and First Lieutenant W. B. Hamill, commanding Company K, were both severely wounded while gallantly pressing forward in front of their respective companies.

Second Lieutenant C. L. Anderson, commanding Company G, who had done his whole duty all through the engagement, was severely wounded just at the close of the battle.

First Lieutenant J. G. Scobey was especially prominent in rallying the men to their colors.

Second Lieutenant Gary, Company H, deserves special mention for staying in command of his company after the death of the first lieutenant all through the battle and until he reached Bolivar, though suffering from a painful but not a severe wound.

Lieutenants McMurtrie and Burdick, of Company D; Lakin and Abertnethy, of Company F, and Moe, of Company C, did their duty bravely and well.

Company A was not engaged, having been detailed as guard to the wagon train.

Second Lieutenant G. H. Cushman, acting adjutant, and Sergt. Major R. W. Montague both displayed great coolness and courage and rendered me valuable assistance on the field.

The conduct of the rank and file in crossing the bridge under the terrible fire of the enemy's batteries and in rallying to the flag as promptly as they did deserves the greatest praise. Several cases of individual bravery among the men I shall bring to the notice of the general commanding the brigade as soon as I have fully investigated the circumstances.

I take pleasure here in noticing the gallantry of Corpl. Anderson Edwards, the color-bearer. This is the third fight in which he has carried the colors of the regiment, and he deserves the notice of the general commanding.

I am ashamed to say that a few (a very few) cases of misconduct in the presence of the enemy have been reported to me, which, on further

