
investigation, I shall submit to the general commanding the brigade, with a request that they may be submitted to a general court-martial.

I herewith inclose a list of the killed and wounded in the Third Iowa Infantry in the action of the 5th.* The number of killed is very small, considering the terrible character of the wounds received.

I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

M. M. TRUMBULL,

Captain, Commanding Third Iowa Infantry.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 74. Report of Lieutenant Edward Brotzmann, Battery C, First Missouri Light Artillery, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

CAMP AT BOLIVAR, TENN., October 9, 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to General Orders, Number 25, I have the honor to report to you the part taken by this battery in the last engagement at the Hatchie River on the 5th instant:

The battery moved out with the First Brigade at about 10 a.m. that day. Arrived near the Hatchie Bridge, I was ordered by Major-General Ord to place one section on the left of the bridge to fire on the enemy's battery placed on the hill on the right of the main road, but having no range, I was ordered to cease firing and proceed across the bridge with that section and take position on the left of the road and come into action. But after a few rounds were fired I had to ceae, as our forces were right in front of my guns. After a while the enemy's guns ceased firing. The remaining section crossed the bridge also, leaving all caissons in the rear. Then I was ordered by Major C. C. Campbell to place my battery on the hill on the right of the road. I took position about 400 yards in front of the enemy's battery and assisted in silencing it.

The battery remained in that position all night until next morning; then I was ordered to send two howitzers on reconnaissance toward the Tuscumbia. I did so. The expedition returned about 12 m. that same day.

Great praise is due all the men under my command for their cool and steady behavior, especially to Second Lieutenant C. Goedde and First Sergt. F. Heine, as they obeyed all my commands will promptness and encouraged and kept their men together.

I am also obliged to accuse Privates Doolittle and Duff of cowardice, they having left their guns before the engagement commenced and never reported.

My loss in this engagement was 6 wounded.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

E. BROTZMANN,

First Lieutenant, Company C, First Missouri Light Artillery.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.304.

---------------

