
Number 75. Report of Captain Edward Spear, jr., Fifteenth Ohio Battery, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SPEAR'S BATTERY,FIRST Brigadier, FOURTH DIV., DIST. OF WEST TENN.,

Bolivar, Tenn., October 8, 1862.

In conformity to General Orders, Number 25, I herewith hand you a report of the part taken in the engagement of October 5 by my battery, as also list of men wounded on that day:

Wounded, Sergt. Joseph E. Ackerman, in head, slightly; Private Charles Van Epps, in leg, slightly.

About 10 a.m. my battery, under command of First Lieutenant A. A. Burrows (I being absent on duty), was ordered to advance from the encampment of the night previous. When arriving near the Hatchie Bridge we were ordered to halt in column, where we remained, under a very severe fire, for about thirty minutes. Here Private Van Epps was wounded, and about the same time we had horse badly wounded. We were then ordered, under cover in the woods, to the right and near the river, where we remained but a short time, when we were ordered to take position so as to guard the road. We placed our battery about 200 yards to the rear and one section on either side of the road.

About 12.30 p.m. we were ordered to cross the river, which we did, and took our second position near a long-house on the hill to the left of the road. Here we were under a continued fire of shell from a battery to our front and right about 600 yards distant. We opened with spherical case against this battery. After about fifteen minutes' firing the enemy's battery was silenced, and at this time, being informed that the enemy were planting a battery to our front and left, we took position about 200 yards to the front and left. While coming into position we were under a severe fire of musketry from the hill in front. We opened on this force with spherical case and canister. Here it was that Sergeant Ackerman received his wound in the head. The enemy were soon compelled to fall back. This position we occupied, occasionally shelling the woods or hills, until we were ordered back to the rear, at the cross-roads, west of the river. It was now near 5 p.m. At this point I joined my command, having ridden from Bolivar, a distance of about 28 miles, in I think less than three hours. I conducted my battery to the position west of the river. It now being dark, we were ordered to unhitch. This closed the active duties of the day.

My men are said by all to have conducted themselves handsomely and to have done good service. I have no censure for any member of my command. The duties of both officers and men were so well performed that I can make no distinction. It is sufficient to say they all did their duty and did it well.

We expended during the day the following ammunition: One hundred and fifty-four rounds spherical case, 76 rounds solid shot, and 28 rounds of canister.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD SPEAR, JR.,

Captain, Fifteenth Ohio Battery.

Captain H. SCOFIELD,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

