
them 30 miles, overtook them at Meriwether's Ferry and charged down a hill, the enemy lying behind logs. The two lieutenants fell at the first fire, when the boys jumped from their horses and fought a hand-to-hand fight, driving the enemy into the river.

The enemy tried to re-enforce this party on the north side of the river by crossing men in a boat and on a raft. Our boys killed every man in the boat and on the raft, shooting down all those on the north side as they tried to swim the river. Our men fought bravely, and, considering that they lost both officers in the first charge, I think with great credit. The enemy were commanded by Captain Binford, formerly of Hickman. I must say that I am very much gratified and disappointed with the behavior of all my cavalry in these fights. They do much better than I expected. In only one case have they backed from any force, and I think I then gave them a lesson that will cause them to always stand hereafter. I dislike very much to part with them, as I have just got them fairly to work. They are well acquainted with the country, need no guides, and have learned to scout without giving me trouble from unauthorized depredations. You can readily see the disadvantage I shall labor under hereafter, using cavalry that are entirely unacquainted with the country.

I will endeavor to have my forces ready to move on the day you designate.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.

AUGUST 16, 1862.-Skirmish at Horn Lake Creek, Miss.

Report of Corpl. John S. Bowles, Company D, Fifth Ohio Cavalry.

CAMP OF FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER CAVALRY, Fort Pickering, Tenn., August 18, 1862.

SIR: Having been requested by my captain to furnish you with an account of the skirmish that took place at Horn Lake Creek on Saturday, the 16th instant, between a body of our cavalry under command of Major Ricker and a few of the enemy's guerrillas, I proceed to do so to the best of my ability.

On the morning of the 16th we left our camp at Nonconah Creek and started out on the Hernando road, Company A acting as the advance guard and Company C taking the advance of the main body. Company D was on picket on the preceding night, and therefore did not go out, but I, having been excused from picket, went out of my own accord, intending to join in Company C's ranks, but finding they had even pairs and I would have to ride in the rear by myself, I rode at the side of the company, but toward the rear. I merely mention this fact to account for my place at the time of the skirmish.

We proceeded on the Hernando road without any interruption till we came to the hill, about one-third of a mile from Horn Lake Creek, that overlooks the valley. Before ascending this hill, so as to place ourselves in view should there be any of the enemy on the other side where we found them on a previous expedition, our major halted the

