
the right and left of the division. Here they remained until it was see that the enemy was retreating at about 4 p.m., when Major Ricker's battalion was ordered to move up the river in the direction of Jonesborough, and I was sent with four companies upon the road at Crum's Mill, on the left of the river. I followed the retreating enemy 3 or 4 miles, whom I found to be crossing the river 7 miles above Davis' Bridge and making a very hasty retreat, scattering baggage and ammunition in great quantities upon the road. We attacked their rear guard, but it was too strong and had too much cover for me to do much with, so I returned and reported.

Upon Monday, the 6th, Major Ricker was sent toward the Tuscumbia, to open communication with General Rosecrans, while four companies were sent to the neighborhood of Pocahontas to procure wagons, mules, &amp;c., and brought into camp 20 horses and mules, 6 buggies and wagons, and 13 privates.

I subjoin a list of casualties sustained.* I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of the officers and men under my command. Every man did his duty; not one shirked.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

CHAS. S. HAYES,

Major, Commanding Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

Captain BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 77. Report of Brigadier General James C. Veatch, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,Bolivar, Tenn., October 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of the Hatchie, so far as the troops under my command were concerned:

In obedience to the orders of Major-General Hurlbut the Second Brigade moved from Bolivar at daylight on the morning of the 4th instant on the road toward Corinth. At the hour of marching Colonel Scott, commanding the Sixty-eighth Ohio and Twelfth Michigan, and Major Ricker, commanding a battalion of Fifth Ohio Cavalry, reported to me for orders, and were attached to my command during the expedition. My force now consisted of the Eighteenth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Rogers; the Twenty-fifth Indiana, Colonel William H. Morgan; the Forty-sixth Illinois, Colonel John A. Davis; the Fourteenth Illinois, Colonel Cyrus Hall; the Fifty-third Indiana, Lieutenant Colonel William Jones; Company L, Second Regiment of Illinois Artillery, Captain Bolton, and the Seventh Ohio Battery, Captain Burnap, with the cavalry under Major Ricker, and two regiments of infantry, under Colonel Scott, just mentioned.

My command reached the Big Muddy at dark, and encamped on the west side, Brigadier-General Lauman encamping on the east side. As soon as the bridges could be repaired the next morning I sent the Twenty-fifth Indiana across to cover my front, beyond the camp of General

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.304.

---------------

21 R R-VOL XVII

