
position of our batteries, when I was struck with a grape-shot, producing a severe contusion, which compelled me for the time to quit the field. The fight continued with the artillery for some time, but the whole force of the enemy soon fell back and made a hasty retreat.

The conduct of the officers and men throughout was gallant and worthy of the highest praise. It would be difficult to mention any particular one without naming all; but my thanks are especially due to Colonels Hall and Morgan and Lieutenant-Colonels Rogers, John J. Jones, and William Jones, commanding regiments of this bridge, and to Colonel Scott, commanding Sixty-eighth Ohio and Twelfth Michigan, for their prompt, fearless, and energetic conduct during the engagement. The field and staff of every regiment appeared determined to do all that could be done to render victory complete. The line officers, so far as their conduct came within my notice, did their whole duty, and the men moved with a steadiness and resolute courage not easily surpassed.

The batteries of Captains Botlon did most valuable service, and have won for them a high place in the estimation of the brigade.

The loss in killed and wounded, with a list of the names, is attached to this report.* It embraces many valuable officers and men.

Colonel Davis, of the Forty-sixth Illinois, fell severely wounded early in the engagement while gallantly leading his men in a charge. He has since died of his wounds. He was generous, noble, and brave, and his death will be regretted by all who knew him.

Major Rheinlander, of the Twenty-fifth Indiana, was severely but not dangerously wounded, and Major McGrain, of the Fifty-third Indiana, slightly wounded, while faithfully performing their duty. For the rest I must refer to the reports and lists here appended.

I should do injustice to worthy officers if I failed to mention the conduct of my personal staff. Captain Fox, assistant adjutant-general, was always at the front and wherever danger called him, communicating my orders to every part of the field. When there was danger of the line faltering, which would have turned the scale of victory, he dashed to the front of the Forty-sixth Illinois and led it forward under a heavy fire to its proper position, restoring order and confidence. All those who saw his conduct will give him credit for skill, courage, and judgment. Captain William N. Walker, acting brigade quartermaster, was constantly with me on the field until sent back to secure the train. His energy and activity in bringing up supplies and transportation for the wounded rendered his services of great value. The conduct of my aides, Lieutenants White and Hewitt, met my entire approbation. They had been on staff duty only a few days, but they proved themselves worthy of their positions.

Major Stephenson, senior surgeon of the brigade, devoted himself to the relief of the wounded, and his skill, energy, and devotion to duty were seen and felt by my whole command.

I desire to call special attention to the reports of the commanders of the regiments and batteries and to the cases of meritorious conduct of officers and men mentioned in them.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES C. VEATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain BINMORE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fourth Division.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.304.

---------------

