
the rebels, which lasted three-fourths of an hour, when the command "Forward" was given. The men all moved at the word, and soon received the melancholy intelligence that their loved and gallant Colonel Davis was again severely wounded by a canister shot. When I took command and announced this they all seemed determined to avenge their loss, and soon had an opportunity, for at this moment the rebels opened their first volley of musketry at short range, which was received with great coolness by the men until they had the command, "Fire," which they did, and marched on, driving them over and from their own batteries to the opposite bank of the river. Here the rebels made a stand and confidently expected to repulse our forces; but the word was still "Forward," and over the bridge they marched at double-quick, forming at once in line of battle.

Here Sergt. John E. Hershey, color-bearer, fell, wounded. Corpl. Thomas E. Joiner, of Company G, true to duty, bore both colors across the open field, when one was handed to James Hobday, of Company I, who did it honor through the day.

At this time Captain F. W. Fox, of General Veatch's staff, took the front, and called the Forty-sixth to follow him when they charged, with cheer after cheer, until the field was again theirs. In the last line formed, about 4 p.m., the brave and generous Lieutenant M. R. Thompson fell fearfully wounded.

I cannot close this report without special mention of Asst. Surg. Benjamin H. Bradshaw, who, unassisted, took the wounded from amid the ranks himself, doing even more than his duty, and also the line officers, who were all at their posts, fearless of rebel power, and, if honor has been won, it is due to them and their brave men alone.

Herewith is a report of the killed and wounded of my command.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN J. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 81. Report of Colonel William H. Morgan, Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Bolivar, Tenn., October 9, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The following report of the part taken by this regiment in the recent engagement near the Hatchie River is respectfully submitted:

About 6 o'clock on the morning of the 5th instant an order was received directing the regiment to move forward from camp on the Big Muddy, and to take a position beyond the levee, crossing the bottom, and then wait until the wagon trains had crossed and for further orders. Soon after taking the position indicated an order was received through you from General Hurlbut to take possession of and hold the road which led through some heavy timber and thick underbrush in advance of the position we were then occupying in an open field. The

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.304.

---------------

