
order was restored. Some of the men who had been assigned a position on the extreme right were met by a vastly superior force of the enemy and were compelled to give way. I reached the place in time, however, and succeeded, with the assistance of the officers present, in rallying them and held our position. The enemy beat a hasty retreat and the battle was over.

To Major Rheinlander am I particularly indebted for the prompt manner in which he executed all orders from the commencement to the moment when he fell and the regiment for the services of a brave and gallant officer. Being without any other field officers, Captain Larkin and Adjutant Walker were substituted, and nobly did they do their duty throughout, and were of great assistance in collecting the men and reforming the line for any work, offensive or defensive, that might be required.

Captains Darling and Wright and Lieutenants Shannon, Mason, Enlow, Reed, Verhoeff, Bennett, Crenshaw, and Hurst, in a word, all are entitled to great credit throughout.

Among the non-commissioned officers and privates (as appears from the reports of the company commanders) who are particularly deserving of honorable mention are the following, to wit:

Sergts. [Albert] Norcross and [William N.] Carner and Private [Joseph N.] Barrett, of Company F; Sergts. [Michael] Keefe and [George B.] Green and Corpl. [Michael] McBride, of Company C; Corpl. [Andrew] Hubbard and Private Wright, of Company G, and Sergt. [Davis F.] Lewis and Corpl. [Solomon] Boyer, of Company H.

The conduct of all the men (with but few exceptions) is worthy of the highest praise, and I am firmly convinced that no braver or more daring men are to be found anywhere.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

Number 82. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Jones, Fifty-third Indiana Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-THIRD INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Hatchie Bridge, Tenn., October 6, 1862.

I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the battle of yesterday:

Colonel Gresham being absent in Indiana by leave of the War Department, I was in command. At 9 a.m. I was ordered forward in the road to act as a reserve for 2 miles. Artillery firing commencing on our front I was ordered to move up and support the Forty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers on its right, that regiment supporting Captain Burnap's battery, already in position, and after remaining in this position about ten minutes I was ordered by General Veatch to move forward by the front in line with the Forty-sixth Regiment. We moved forward down the hill through a large field. At the foot of the hill we received a heavy fire of musketry, returned the fire, and moved

