
steadily forward at quick-time, driving the enemy before us. Two or three hundred yards farther on we found a battery that had been silenced by our artillery. The enemy were attempting to remove it from the field. We took the men prisoners. Passing on, leaving the captured battery in the road, we continued the movement, engaging the enemy at every step to the Hatchie River.

I received an order from Major-General Ord in person to move rapidly across the Hatchie Bridge, left in front, and to form on the right of the road, which order I obeyed promptly, the men crossing the bridge with spirit and promptness. Finding the creek running parallel with the road and not sufficient space intervening to form on the right of the road, together with a heavy fire from th enemy concealed in a heavy thicket on our front, threw my regiment into confusion. The colors remaining on the line, I ordered Lieutenant Atkins, of Company k, to withdraw the colors, for the purpose of again advanced to the left of our former position, at which time other regiments came to our support on the left. We then steadily advanced, driving the enemy before us to the top of the hill, and by order of General Veatch supported Captain Bolton's battery until the engagement closed.

Our loss during the engagement was 13 killed, 91 wounded, and 2 missing.

I cannot close without calling your attention to Major McGrain's cool and careful conduct until forces to leave the field, having been wounded in the foot an hour before he went to the rear to have it dressed. Also for the assistance of Captain Langsford, on horseback, until he was wounded. Although his wound was from a spent ball, it rendered him unable to move on foot. The conduct of my sergeant-major, J. B. S. Moore, who took charge of Captain Langford's company and who acted bravely until killed, is highly commendable. My line officers, without exception, conducted themselves well. Also the good and brave conduct of my acting adjutant, Lieutenant H. Duncan.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. JONES,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry.

Captain FOX,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

Number 83. Report of Captain William H. Bolton, Battery L, Second Illinois Light Artillery, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. CO. L, SECOND Regiment ILLINOIS ARTILLERY,Camp at Bolivar, Tenn., October 8, 1862.

SIR: I respectfully report the part taken by my battery in the battle of the 5th instant, on the Hatchie River:

I was ordered on that morning to advance in the rear of the Twenty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, that regiment being in front. At 8.20 a.m. I was ordered by Brigadier-General Veatch to send forward one section to shell a house and barn, in which the enemy was concealed,

