
about 450 yards distant, on the left of a road leading to the river. The section I placed in command of Lieutenant James, who fired six shells at the premises, all of which (as upon examination afterward) proved effective.

My next position was on the hill west of the Hatchie, where I opened fire upon two rebel batteries, one of 12-pounder howitzers and the other of rifled pieces. After an engagement of about an hour (part of the time assisted by Captain Burnap's Ohio battery) the infantry advanced under cover of our guns, and were successful in driving the enemy from their position and capturing the howitzer battery, their horses being killed and the battery otherwise injured by our shells.

I then sent a section, under command of Lieutenant Moore, which took a position on the west bank of the river, where he shelled the enemy with good effect. I was then ordered to take the battery across the river and take a position on the east bank, which was effected under a severe fire from the enemy. We then, in connection with Mann's Missouri battery, shelled the woods to our front and left. The enemy having selected their ground, we were unable to dislodge them until charged by the infantry and driven back.

We then took the hill they had abandoned, and found their batteries had taken a position on another hill in advance. We opened fire on them, in connection with all the batteries of the division, and after a severe struggle succeeded in silencing their pieces, upon which the enemy's infantry made a resolute charge from the woods, under cover of a hill, toward Burnap's battery. Discovering this movement, I ordered my pieces to open with canister upon them. After a few rounds they fled precipitately, leaving their colors on the ground. As neither infantry nor other artillery assisted in repulsing their charge I would most respectfully ask that their stand of colors be awarded as a trophy to my command.

During the contest I expended 24 solid shot, 34 canister, and 145 shells, making in all 203 rounds.

My casualties were 5 men wounded, 8 horses killed, and two pieces temporarily disabled, which were repaired that afternoon by substituting from he captured batteries.

Throughout the entire battle I was ably sustained by the officers and men of my command, as well as by the two regiments of infantry (Forty-sixth Illinois, Lieutenant-Colonel Jones, and Twenty-fifth Indiana, Colonel Morgan) supporting the battery, who fought with the coolness and determination of veterans.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully and truly, yours,

WM. H. BOLTON,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain F. W. FOX,

A. A. G., Second Brigadier, Fourth Div., Army of the West Tenn.

Number 84. Report of Captain Silas A. Burnap, Seventh Ohio Battery, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH OHIO BATTERY,Camp at Bolivar, Tenn., October 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the

