
part my command took in the engagement of the 5th instant, on the Hatchie:

About 9 a.m., when Bolton's battery was first engaging the enemy from the position it had in the road to the left of the house on the bluff, I was ordered forward by Brigadier-General Veatch for a half a mile, under the enemy's fire, directed at Bolton's battery (which was then stoutly contending for the position it then held), and took a position on the right of a stable, to Bolton's right, with one section, under the command of Lieutenant Brechtel, which opened upon the enemy's battery in the road near the cotton-gin.

By order of our brave and daring major and chief of artillery, C. C. Campbell, I took a position with my second section still to the right, in the road, at the extreme right of our line as it then was formed, and with this section paid or special respects to the enemy's infantry, which seemed to be moving in the direction of our right flank. In this position my command was briskly engaged for about an hour. I was then ordered to cease firing and hold the position by General Hurlbut, and shortly after the infantry charged down the bluff.

The gallant young Captain F. W. Fox, aide to General Veatch, came riding back from the front (where he was always found), and told me a 4-gun battery had fallen into the hands of the Second Brigade.

By order of General Hurlbut I at once sent forward the limbers of my caissons, under the charge of Sergeant Conant, who reported back on the bluff before 12 m. with three 12-pounder howitzers.

I was then ordered across the Hatchie, and took a position on the left of the road to the right of Captain Spear's battery, under a heavy fire of musketry, where my battery kept up a heavy fire until the action closed, and we encamped upon this last position for the night.

I cannot close without making an honorable mention of Lieutenant Brechtel, to whose coolness and good judgment I am greatly indebted for the noble bearing of my non-commissioned officers and men, who so faithfully did their part.

The only casualty was Edi Oliver, private, who lost his right arm.

I have the honor to be, your obedient and humble servant,

S. A. BURNAP.

Captain F. W. FOX,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 85. Report of Colonel Robert K. Scott, Sixty-eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding Provisional Brigade, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE,In the Field, near Pocahontas, Tenn., October 6, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with your order I have the honor to report as follows:

First. Inclosed you will find reports of Lieutenant-Colonel Graves, Twelfth Michigan, and Major John S. Snook, Sixty-eighth Ohio, which I send for want of proper writing material and time.

Second. Those two regiments formed line of battle on the left of the Pocahontas road about 9 a.m., and immediately advanced through a large open field, under a heavy fire of shell and canister from the enemy's

