
battery posted near the bridge. Soon after we came upon the enemy posted in a lane in strong force. They opened a galling fire, which, however, did but little damage, and I ordered my men to lie down. We returned the fire by giving them three volleys along the whole line, then again advanced in double-quick, driving the enemy rapidly before us until we reached the river, where we halted for some time. The enemy's artillery continued to fire upon us, but with little effect, most of the shots passing over us. About this time the lieutenant-colonel commanding the Forty-sixth Illinois reported to me for orders (the colonel of said regiment having been wounded). We were then ordered to cross the bridge, which we did in fine style, although continually under a heavy fire of grape and canister; then moved down the river about the fourth of a mile, and took position, as directed, on the left of the Fifteenth Illinois Infantry; then advanced in line of battle to the large field on the top of the hill, where we remained, supporting the Seventh and Fifteenth Ohio Batteries, until the close of the engagement.

During the day my command took about 75 prisoners and 100 stand of small-arms, with accouterments.

The casualties were as follows: Sixty-eighth Ohio-wounded 6, 2 severely; Twelfth Michigan-wounded 7, 3 severely.

In conclusion allow me to say that during the whole action both officers and men acquitted themselves with honor. All the time being without orderly or aide and both regiments being deficient in field officers, I was compelled to rely entirely upon Lieutenant George E. Welles, Sixty-eighth Ohio, acting assistant adjutant-general, in conveying my orders along the line, whose promptness and coolness during the whole day entitle him to the highest praise.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. K. SCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General VEATCH,

Commanding.

Number 86. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Graves, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

IN CAMP NEAR DAVIS'S BRIDGE,

Hatchie River, Tenn., October 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting herewith an account of the part taken by my command in the action of yesterday:

It numbered 221 enlisted men, 11 line, and 3 field officers (including adjutant). Of this number there were 1 lieutenant and 6 enlisted men wounded, none of which will prove fatal. All were slightly wounded except 3. To the best of my knowledge the action commenced about 9 a.m. and terminated about 3 p.m.

I think my officers and men are entitled to commendation for the promptness and alacrity with which they obeyed orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. GRAVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Twelfth Regiment Michigan Infantry.

GEORGE E. WELLES,

Adjutant, Sixty-eighth Ohio Infantry.

