
Number 87. Report of Major John S. Snook, Sixty-eighth Ohio Infantry, of engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,October 6, 1862.

I have the honor of reporting to you the part taken by the Sixty-eighth Ohio in the action of yesterday:

The regiment was formed in the field upon the right of the Pocahontas road, with the Twelfth Michigan upon the right and the Forty-sixth Illinois upon the left, and advanced eastward in that position in a heavy fire of shell from the enemy's batteries in front.

After having marched about half a mile we encountered the enemy's infantry posted in a lane in heavy force. The command halted and delivered their fire three times, when the enemy retreated, and we pursued him to the river bank, about a quarter of a mile above the bridge. Here we halted and remained about half an hour, when we were ordered to cross the bridge. Our men moved to the bridge in good order, and although under quite a heavy fire while crossing, yet they acted with the steadiness of men accustomed to action. We were ordered to a position on the extreme left of the line, in which position we advanced to the open field, where we remained, supporting the battery on the left, until the action closed.

I cannot speak in too high terms of the conduct of the officers and men, who seemed to vie with each other in manfully doing their whole duty, and although exposed at times to quite a heavy fire, never faltered, but showed a constant eagerness to engage the enemy. Where all acted bravely it would be unjust in me to make distinctions, but I feel it due to mention Lieutenant A. J. Jackson, my acting adjutant, who was with me and delivered my orders throughout the entire action. Our regiment captured 100 stand of small-arms, with accouterments, and took a number of prisoners.

Yours, respectfully,

J. S. SNOOK,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel ROBERT K. SCOTT.

Number 88. Report of Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean, U. S. Army, commanding Sixth Division.

JACKSON, TENN., October 30, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixth Division in the battle of the 3rd and 4th instant at Corinth, Miss:

On the 1st instant the division was composed of the following-named troops:

The First Brigade, commanded by Colonel Benjamin Allen, Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, composed of the Sixteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Major Thomas Reynolds; Seventeenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Colonel J. L. Doran; Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, commanded by Colonel David Moore, the last-named regiment

