
being detached at Kossuth, 10 miles from Corinth. Total number of enlisted men present (with their regiments) in the brigade, 1,415. Brigadier General J. McArthur having rejoined, was assigned to command of this brigade on the 3d.

The Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. M. Oliver, Fifteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, composed of the Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Colonel John Hancock; Eighteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Colonel G. Bouck; Eighteenth Missouri Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John McDermott, the last-named regiment being detached at Chewalla, 12 miles west of Corinth, and six companies of the Eighteenth Missouri being also detached, guarding the railroad toward Bethel. Number of enlisted men present (with their regiments) in the brigade, 1,375.

The Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel M. M. Crocker, Thirteenth Regiment of Iowa Volunteers, composed of the Eleventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel William Hall; Thirteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John Shane; Fifteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Hugh T. Reid, and Sixteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, the brigade being stationed at Iuka. Total number of enlisted men present (with their regiments) in the brigade, 2,189.

The artillery attacked to the division under command of Captain Andrew Hickenlooper, Fifth Ohio Battery, acting chief of artillery, consisted of the First Minnesota Battery, four guns, commanded by Lieutenant G. F. Cooke; Third Ohio Battery, six guns, commanded by Captain W. S. Williams (the captain and two sections being absent at Bolivar); the Fifth Ohio Battery, four guns, commanded by Lieutenant B. Matson; the Tenth Ohio Battery, four guns, commanded by Captain H. B. White, and Company F, Second Illinois Artillery, four guns, commanded by Lieutenant J. W. Mitchell (one section of this battery also being detached, serving at Bolivar), leaving sixteen guns, with 367 enlisted men present with the artillery of the division.

The cavalry, under command of Colonel R. G. Ingersoll, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, had orders to report to the chief of cavalry for consolidation, leaving with the division only a few officers and men for picket and camp duty.

In the afternoon of the 1st instant Colonel Oliver, with the Fourteenth and Eighteenth Wisconsin Regiments and a section of artillery, under Lieutenant Clayton, First Minnesota Battery, was sent out to re-enforce the regiment of his brigade stationed at Chewalla, where picket skirmishing had been reported during the early part of the day. The remaining troops of the division present were marched into the new camp, south of the Chewalla road, inside the exterior lines of defense, 2 1/2 miles from Corinth.

On the 2nd Colonel Oliver, after considerable skirmishing during the day, fell back, in accordance with instruction from headquarters, to the cross-roads, near Alexander's, about 7 miles from Corinth, and sent the Eighteenth Wisconsin Regiment (under Colonel Bouck) to guard the Smith's Bridge. The Third Brigade, under command of Colonel Crocker, returned from Iuka by forced march and went into camp, and during the night the Sixteenth Wisconsin, under Major Reynolds, made a reconnaissance up the railroad toward Chewalla.

At 3 a.m. on the 3d, orders having been received from the commanding general designating the positions to be occupied by the several divisions

