
in anticipation of an advance of the enemy (Davies' the northwest angle between the railroads; McKean's division on the left of Davies', with the right resting on the railroad near Battery F; Hamilton's the northeast angle between the railroads, and Stanley's in reserve), the necessary dispositions were made, and at daylight the several regiments of this division were in the exact position assigned them. The first line formed in line of battle perpendicular to the railroad, with the right resting near Battery F; the second line formed in close column by division, the Twenty-first Missouri Regiment, under the gallant Colonel Moore, having marched from Kossuth in the night.

About 7.30 a.m. the enemy appeared in front of Colonel Oliver's advanced position, driving in his pickets, and advanced to attack them, but was repulsed with great energy. The colonel, being at length satisfied that the enemy were in force, slowly retired, according to his instructions, contesting the ground and destroying the bridges, until the brigade took a favorable position north of the railroad and a little in advance of the old Confederate intrenchments, where another stand was made. In crossing Cane Creek Bottom one of the howitzers was disabled by the breaking of the axle and abandoned after being spiked, but was subsequently recovered. Colonel Bouck retired from Smith's Bridge to Cane Creek at the same time that Colonel Oliver moved.

The position now held by the Second Brigade commanded both the Chewalla road and the railroad, and it was considered desirable to hold it as long as practicable, and re-enforcements were sent forward, first the Twenty-first Missouri and afterward the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Wisconsin Regiments, and Brigadier General J. McArthur (who had been on detached duty), having rejoined, was temporarily assigned to the command of the First Brigade (then re-enforcing the Second), and took command of the advance. The Chewalla road running through the line assigned to the Second Division placed our advance in front of a portion of that division, and Colonel Baldwin's brigade, consisting of the Seventh, Fiftieth, and Fifty-seventh Illinois Regiments, co-operated in maintaining the position, which was held for several hours. The enemy, after an unsuccessful attempt to approach by the railroad track (bringing forward a battery at one time to play upon the main line of the division, which was driven back by our artillery), ultimately succeeding in passing to the right of our line, and McArthur's command again fell back, taking position parallel with and north of the railroad, the left some distance from Battery F. This compelled a corresponding change of front in the main line. The Second Brigade, being considerably exhausted by severe duty and hard fighting, was at this time withdrawn, and formed as a second line in rear of the Third Brigade. The enemy at length appeared in front of the new line formed by the First Brigade and a charge was made, driving him some distance. The charge was participated in by the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Wisconsin and Twenty-first Missouri Regiments, as well as by a portion of Colonel Baldwin's brigade, of the Second Division. The Seventeenth Wisconsin, under the brave Colonel Doran, occupied a conspicuous position in this part of the day's work.

After this charge these regiments (having already performed heavy work) were all ordered to form in rear of the main line of the division south of the railroad, which was done in good order at 3 p.m., and as I had received notice from the general commanding that a flank movement was in contemplation by Hamilton's division on the enemy's left, I considered it best to retain my present position for the purpose of engaging the attention of the enemy until such movement could be

22 R R-VOL XVII

