
should they charge on us in front, and when he found they did not come his only efforts seemed to be to get the dead man and go to camp at once. I did not see any of the enemy myself, but have been told by some of the men who rode close to the man who was shot that the shots came from the corn field and the men who fired were on foot, and that there was not many of them, not more than half a dozen anyhow, and that they ran away as soon as they fired. The advance guard say there was a greater number fired on them, say, from a dozen to twenty. They were also on foot and ran away as soon as they fired.

When the advance joined us the major talked with them several minutes [at least the column remained halted]. We then went on to the top of the hill, where we found a buggy, and put our dead man into it, and thus brought him to camp. The loss with us was 1 man killed, 1 horse badly wounded, 1 slightly wounded, and 1 ran away into the wood, and no attempted was made to save him.

I have made out this report exclusively from my own observation, except when I have mentioned otherwise. I may state that the men who were out were generally surprised that the major did not order them to charge into the corn field immediately after the shots were fired.

Yours, very respectfully,

JOHN S. BOWLES,

Corporal Company D, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry.

General HURLBUT,

Commanding Fourth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

AUGUST 18, 1862.-Capture of steamboats on Tennessee River.

Report of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

TRENTON, August 21, [1862.]

Captain Dougherty, Captain Gilliam, and Captain Napier, with about 500 rebels, were on the Tennessee River, in Benton County, on Monday night last. They captured and burnt two steamboats, and attacked another, but failed to get it. This occurred between Waggoner's and Walker's Landing.

There was a force on the opposite side of the river, but could get no information as to their number.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 18, 1862.-Skirmish near Dyersburg, Tenn.

Report of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Trenton, Tenn., August 18, 1862.

Captain Lynch of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry attacked a small band of rebels this morning on the Obion River, 6 miles from Dyersburg,

