
Lieutenant-Colonel Sanders, who commanded the Sixteenth Iowa Volunteers, and was also severely wounded at the same time, and Major Purcell, who afterward commanded the same regiment, are entitled to credit, not only for good conduct in the field, but for their previous industry in perfecting the discipline of their respective regiments.

Captains Funke and Zeigler, in command of detachments of cavalry, performed their laborious duties in a very satisfactory manner. Lieutenant A. Roehrig, of the same regiment, rendered great service in carrying dispatches. The artillery attached to the division proved itself reliable, and reflects credit upon officers and men of that arm of the service. Captain White, commanding the Tenth Ohio Battery, is reported to have rendered signal service when the enemy momentarily entered the town. Dr. Eastman, surgeon Sixteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting division surgeon, was very zealous in the discharge of his duties Captain W. T. Clark, assistant adjutant-general, serving on my staff, who has long served with fidelity and great intelligence, on this occasion displayed great bravery and energy. Lieutenant M. A. Higley, quartermaster and commissary Fifteenth Iowa Volunteers, acting division quartermaster, performed his arduous duties in a very intelligent manner, and has always shown himself reliable. Lieutenant G. S. Hampton, jr., Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers, who got up from a sick bed; Lieutenant J. B. Dawson, Eleventh Iowa Volunteers, aides-de-camp, and Lieutenant L. S. Willard, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, attached to my staff, all performed great labors and were fearless and indefatigable.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Tennessee.

Number 89. Report of Captain Andrew Hickenlooper, Fifth Ohio Battery, Chief of Artillery, including operations October 3-11.

HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY SIXTH DIVISION, October 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with General Orders, Number -, Headquarters Sixth Division, Army of the Tennessee, I have the following report to make of the operations of my command during the battle of Corinth and subsequent pursuit:

October 1 we moved to and occupied all the commanding position on the western line of the exterior fortifications, from Fort D to F, with the Tenth Ohio Battery (four guns), commanded by Captain White; one section of the Third Ohio Battery; one section (Company F) of the Second Illinois Artillery, (four guns), under the command of First Lieutenant Mitchell; the Fifth Ohio Battery, under Lieutenant Matson, and the First Minnesota Battery (four guns), under the command of Second Lieutenant G. F. Cooke.

About 3 p.m. October 2, ordered the First Minnesota Battery to accompany Colonel Oliver (Second Brigade) to dispute the enemy's advance from Chewalla; proceeded up the Chewalla road as far as Alexander's

