
house, when (taking into consideration the nature of the expedition) we sent one section (two 12-pounder howitzers) forward, under charge of Sergeant (Acting Lieutenant) Clayton, and ordered Lieutenant Cooke, with the remaining section, to return to his former position at Battery F. Lieutenant Clayton's section proceeded with Colonel Oliver's brigade to Chewalla, encamping about 1 mile this side of the town.

About 10 o'clock the following morning, the enemy moving forward through Chewalla in force, they fell back about 2 1/2 miles and took position. No opportunity for the artillery to take advantage occurring, they again fell back and took position on a hill in the rear of Alexander's house, where they remained during the night.

Early the next morning, the enemy pressing us, we opened upon them and and the fight became general. At the fifth discharge one of the howitzers was disabled by the breaking of an axle (from recoil) and obliged to retire. It was attached to the limber of the gun-carriage and carried about 2 miles; but in crossing Cane Creek the fastenings broke, and being hotly pressed we were obliged to abandon it, spiking and throwing it into Cane Creek, where we have since found it.

I immediately sent Lieutenant Cooke with another piece to replace the one abandoned, taking position with two pieces on top of a hill, commanding the Memphis Railroad on the left and the Chewalla road on the right, where for a long time they were held in check. We were again forced back and another piece disabled. I sent the remaining piece to replace the disabled one, sending it to Corinth to be repaired, which was done before night.

The members of the battery being very much fatigued and worn-out, having been out for three days without rest, I sent Lieutenant Mitchell with section of company F, Second Illinois Artillery, to relieve them, placing the relieved section in position near Battery F. While coming into position Lieutenant Mitchell's section was charged upon by cavalry, but immediately repulsed by the infantry support, the enemy being only 200 yards distant. Lieutenant Mitchell, opened upon them with canister, firing 40 rounds. The enemy pressing, General McArthur's brigade charged, routing the enemy with heavy loss, during which Lieutenant Mitchell was ordered to fall back to a hill near Battery F.

The section of the Third Ohio previously under command of Lieutenant Mitchell was placed under charge of Captain Munch, of the First Minnesota Battery (who being wounded at Shiloh and absent from the muster of August 18 was not on duty), who cheerfully and anxiously volunteered his services and placed his command in position in Battery F. Observing the enemy passing a cut over the hill on Chewalla road near the railroad ordered Lieutenant Clayton forward to a position in front and opened upon them with shell. They brought a battery forward and placed it in position on a hill on the Chewalla road west of railroad, and opened with shell. I then opened upon them from Fort F (Captain Munch's section) and silenced it in about 8 rounds, the division having previously changed front to the north. The batteries on the left, Fifth and Tenth Ohio, were ordered forward and placed upon center new line, when we were ordered to fall back toward town, which we did, taking several succeeding positions. The enemy pressing hard, one section Tenth Ohio and one section Company F, Second Illinois, were ordered again to the front to cover the Third Brigade; but it having charged and routed the enemy we again returned, and very leisurely formed column on the Kossuth road and marched in

