
good order toward Corinth, taking up near positions on interior lines of works near Kossuth and Ripley roads, placing Lieutenant Mitchell's section about 250 yards to right of Fort Phillips; Fifth Ohio (Lieutenant Matson commanding) Battery 75 yards to left of same fort, the disabled of this battery were placed under command of Captain Munch and placed in position upon Ripley road to the left of the seminary building.

Lieutenant Cooke was relieved and placed on duty with me, and Captain Munch's former command (section of Third Ohio Battery) was placed under charge of Sergeant Clarke, Fifth Ohio Battery, and posted upon second road to left of seminary, equidistant between two fortifications, in which position they remained during the night. Captain White, Tenth Ohio Battery, was ordered to report to General McArthur, who had been ordered with First and Second Brigades to another point of the line of defense at 8 a.m. Captain White was ordered that night to take position in rear of General Rosecrans' headquarters, supported by infantry of Sixth Division (where they remained during the night), which was afterward withdrawn and infantry of Second Division substituted. The enemy charged the battery at 11 a.m. Opened upon the with shell and canister. The infantry gave way right and left in great disorder. The captain still held his position. The fort on his right being taken, his battery flanked, and infantry support gone, he fell back across the railroad to hill near siege guns. The infantry having rallied, he again took up position near former place and opened with shell, effectually forcing the enemy back. Captain White had a horse shot under him each day.

During the attack upon Fort Robinett Lieutenant Mitchell's section front of Fifth Ohio Battery. Heavy skirmishing ensued, when the Fifth Ohio Battery opened and quickly silenced the fire.

About 10 o'clock they planted a battery in the woods in front and opened with shell. They fired only 2 rounds, the Fifth Ohio Battery opening upon them with great vigor, driving them from their position.

About 11.30 a.m. they again opened upon several rebel regiments seen filing across the road in our front and driving them pell-mell through the woods.

At 2 a.m. next day (Sunday) Captain White (as per order of General Rosecrans) reported to General McArthur in the advance. At daylight all the batteries, with the balance of division, moved out in pursuit of the enemy. Arrived at Ripley Thursday night; started upon return Saturday morning. All acted nobly, exhibiting coolness and bravery seldom equaled.

I would respectfully and particularly call attention to Acting Lieutenant Clayton, of First Minnesota Battery. He has not yet received his commission. I would most respectfully urge that the Governor be reminded of the vacancy, and request that Lieutenant Clayton be commissioned to fill it.

A. HICKENLOOPER,

Captain and Chief of Artillery, Sixth Div., Army of the Tenn.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Sixth Div., Army of the Tennessee.

