
support the first line, which he promptly ordered forward. They failed, however, to comprehend the situation of affairs, and after firing an unnecessary volley retired precipitately. I then ordered the whole line to retire, which they did in good order, forming in rear of the main line.

Afterward, in obedience to orders and in accordance with the general plan, marched into Corinth and took position for the night inside the inner works, on the north side of the town of Corinth. The Third Brigade, Second Division, reported back to General Davies, leaving me with the First and Second Brigades and the Tenth Ohio Battery, when we rested on our arms for the night.

At daybreak on the morning of the 4th, the enemy having commenced shelling the town, we changed our position a little and commenced throwing up temporary breastworks of fallen timber and what material we could find, from which when partially completed we were again ordered to the left of the remainder of the division, immediately in front of the general hospital, where we remained, supporting the batteries without becoming actively engaged during the balance of the engagement, with the exception of the Sixteenth Wisconsin, which regiment did good service in protecting our extreme left from being harassed by the enemy's skirmishers.

At 2 p.m., immediately on the firing slacking, and in obedience to orders from Major-General Rosecrans, I proceeded with a portion of the Sixteenth Wisconsin and the Twenty-first Missouri Infantry to reconnoiter the enemy along their right, advancing as far as Battery C, on the Kossuth turnpike, and ascertaining that no enemy had passed out that road. I then turned north along the line of our abandoned works, skirmishing the woods, taking a few prisoners, until I reached Battery E, on the Smith's Bridge road, where we saw the rear guard of the enemy's cavalry passing out. My infantry, although making every exertion, was unable to intercept them, but followed them as far west as Carter's house, a distance of 4 miles from Corinth. Thence turning north we picketed the line to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, inclosing the hospitals of the enemy, and taking 1 commissioned officer and 308 enlisted men prisoners, together with 50 officers and 497 men wounded in hospitals; also 460 muskets and 400 cartridge-boxes, together with several horses and mules, tents and ambulances, left in charge of medical department; remaining under arms without food or rest till morning, when I ordered Major Moore, of the Twenty-first Missouri, to remain in charge of hospitals and prisoners with the portions of the two regiments that had been on duty, collecting whatever was valuable of the debris hastily abandoned by the discomfited foe.

I was then immediately joined by the Second Brigade, Colonel Oliver, and the remainder of the First Brigade, with orders to follow the retreating enemy and harass them on the retreat. I accordingly started in pursuit, and when at the distance of 7 miles from Corinth was met by a party of 200 of the enemy bearing a flag of truce, under Colonel Barry, of the Thirty-fifth Mississippi, which detained me three hours; long enough, as it afterward proved, to allow three brigades of the enemy (commanded by Rust, Bowen, and Villepigue respectively, who had encamped on the road I was following) time to get out of the way, as I reached their camp three hours after they had left. Following on I came up with the brigade of General McPherson, who had crossed from the north road to the one I was following. I therefore followed him closely, supporting him at all times when he encountered the enemy.

On the morning of the 6th, in obedience to orders, I assumed command of the whole division, placing the First Brigade, also in command

