
of Colonel Oliver, continuing in pursuit in the same order until we reached Ripley, Miss., capturing many prisoners and causing the enemy to abandon and destroy much of their property in arms, artillery ammunition, and camp equipage, and returning from Ripley to Corinth on the night of Saturday, October 11, without any loss in men or property.

I must here bear honorable mention of the endurance, cheerful obedience, and persevering spirit exhibited by the officers and soldiers in the pursuit; also to their good conduct in their several engagements with the enemy.

Without particularizing too much I must mention the gallant conduct of the Seventeenth Wisconsin and Seventh Illinois Regiments in the bayonet charge on the afternoon of the 3d; also the good service rendered by the Sixteenth Wisconsin as skirmishers.

I would also call the attention of the general commanding to the efficient services rendered by Colonel Oliver, commanding Second Brigade, and respectfully refer him to his report as to the part taken by his command in their persevering efforts to check the enemy's advance, harassing and delaying their attack, thereby gaining time and putting the enemy's already exhausted commissary supplies to a severe test.

I would also mention Captain Hickenlooper, Fifth Ohio Battery, chief of artillery of this division, for his very able management and direction of his batteries, conspicuous among which were the Tenth Ohio, Captain H. B. White, and one section First Minnesota, under Sergeant Clayton, who ought to be promoted. Also the Fifth Ohio Battery was well served.

My thanks are also due to my aides-de-camp, Lieutenants Willard and McArthur; also Captain Zeigler and Lieutenant Lewman, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, for their valuable assistance throughout. I commend them as efficient officers. Also Lieutenant Higley, acting division quartermaster, for promptness in discharge of duty.

I refer you also to the accompanying report of Colonel Crocker, commanding Third Brigade, it not being under my command on the 3rd and 4th instant.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JOHN McARTHUR,

Brigadier General, Commanding Sixth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

Lieutenant Colonel C. GODDARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 91. Report of Colonel David Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS,FIRST Brigadier, SIXTH DIV., ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Corinth, Miss., October 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers in the engagement before Corinth, Miss., October 3 and 4:

On the afternoon of October 2 I was relieved from outpost duty and command of the post at Kossuth, Miss., by Colonel Smith, Forty-third Ohio Regiment. We returned to our camp at Corinth, Miss., the same night at 11 p.m., arriving at 3 a.m.

