
About 4.30 a.m. we heard artillery firing some distance to the front. The battalion was formed promptly in line, and shortly after we were directed to take position upon the left of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and in support of Battery E. Here we remained until 9 a.m., when we were ordered to march about 2 miles to the front and take position upon a high ridge to the left of Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and upon the extreme left of the line of battle continuously with the Sixtieth Wisconsin Volunteers, of the Sixth Division, and two regiments of General Davies' division, who were stationed immediately to the right of the railroad. We had been in position but a few minutes when the enemy opened fire upon our flank and front. We replied promptly and continued showing the most determined resistance. The enemy being in so far superior numbers we were temporarily driven from the line, and about this time my horses was shot under me, bruising severely my amputated leg, and I here turned the command over to Major Moore, who with great gallantry, assisted by officers of the regiment, rallied the men and repeatedly drove the enemy from the hill.

The fire to the right became very severe. The regiments stationed there and battery gave way before the masses of the enemy approaching. Seeing this, and our men being nearly out of cartridges, having fired 40 rounds, the battalion was ordered to fall back, which was done in good order and firing.

It is with pleasure I notice the bravery of my field, staff, and line officers; they were equal to the emergency.

Corpl. Jesse Roberts, Company I, Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, showed great bravery. He gallantly seized the colors and advanced on the line of battle (after the color-sergeant had fallen back), causing great enthusiasm among the men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MOORE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers.

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

A. A. G., 1st and 2nd Brids., Sixth Div., Army of the Tenn.

Number 92. Report of Major Edwin Moore, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIRST MISSOURI INFANTRY, October 18, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by the Twenty-first Missouri Infantry Regiment in the battle of Corinth, Miss., on Friday and Saturday, October 3 and 4:

After Colonel Moore, commanding the regiment, was carried off the field I assumed command. The men were giving back very rapidly from the original position. With the assistance of the line officers I succeeded in rallying the men, who went boldly forward to the front and drove the enemy from the position that we occupied at the commencement of the engagement.

As soon as the position was gained the fighting became desperate, our line being distant from that of the enemy less than 50 paces. The command held this ground until the forces on our right, consisting of artillery and infantry, had given way and were in full retreat. About

