
this time the enemy was flanking us on our left and dense columns of infantry pressed us on our front. I ordered the regiment to retire. In doing so some of our men became scattered. We succeeded again in rallying the men and formed on the flank of a line being formed by Brigadier-General McArthur.

In a short time we were ordered to take a position near Battery F, and gradually fell back with the division toward Corinth, where we arrived about sundown and took a position on the right.

On Saturday morning we were ordered by Brigadier-General McArthur to construct temporary breastworks of logs and dirt, but before completing the same we were ordered to a position on the extreme left, in the vicinity of the seminary. We were not engaged with the enemy while in this position.

About 2.30 p.m. I was ordered to proceed to Battery C and report to Brigadier-General McArthur, leaving three companies as skirmishers in the rear, under his instructions. We scoured the woods, but found no enemy, excepting a few stragglers. We then took the Smith's Bridge road, in the direction of Mr. Alexander's, the rebel cavalry fleeing before our advance.

We succeeded in capturing a great number of prisoners, from one of whom I learned the rebel hospitals were in the vicinity. It was now dark, but I pushed forward and took possession of all property and persons found in the vicinity of the hospitals. A great many prisoners were taken during the night and early next morning, trying to escape through the lines. The total number captured, including the wounded, amounted to nearly 900 officers men. We also captured 460 muskets, 400 cartridge-boxes, and a quantity of belts, &amp;c.

Under the instructions of Brigadier-General McArthur I remained at the hospitals with the command until Sunday about noon, when Colonel Moore took command of the regiment.

Our loss during the engagement was 1 man killed and 17 wounded.

I mention with satisfaction the behavior of the line officers. They used every effort to keep their men together, and remained with them during the engagement, thereby setting a good example to the men to do their duty.

During the acting a great many of our guns were useless. After firing 15 to 20 rounds of ammunition it was impossible to load them.

I have the honor to be, yours, obediently,

EDWIN MOORE,

Major, Twenty-first Missouri Infantry.

Lieutenant R. REES,

Adjutant Twenty-first Missouri Infantry.

Number 93. Report of Major Thomas Reynolds, Sixteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH REGIMENT WISCONSIN VOLS.,Camp near the Seminary, Miss., October 11, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with Orders, Number -, I have the honor to make the following report:

On Thursday, October 2, at 11 p.m., in compliance with your orders, I marched my command to a point on the Memphis and Charleston

