
and in the pursuit of the enemy, although all the time somewhat indisposed.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. REYNOLDS,

Major, Commanding Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Vols.

Colonel BENJAMIN ALLEN,

Commanding First Brigadier, Sixth Div., Army of the Miss.

Number 94. Report of Colonel John L. Doran, Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry, including operations October 3-11.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY VOLS.,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the part taken in the battle of Corinth, on the 3rd and 4th instant, by the Seventeenth Wisconsin Infantry, as also in the subsequent pursuit of the enemy, agreeably to general orders on the subject. This duty to me is somewhat embarrassing, inasmuch as I generally receive orders directly from yourself, and to my knowledge you were personally present, witnessing their execution. But as it is a military duty and by rule must be performed, I hasten respectfully to state that-

At 3 a.m. on the morning of the 3rd instant I was ordered to put my command in light marching order, and by daylight to be at a certain point on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad about 5 miles west of Corinth and 2 from my then encampment; that on the march to the point above indicated said order was countermanded, and direction given to support Battery F, and as soon as possible to move camp to that vicinity. The regiment was at once marched to support the battery, but before the other part of the orders could be executed the enemy got possession of the abandoned camp.

About 1 p.m., the fight having waxed warm, I was ordered to report my command on the battle-field. Having marched to the scene of action, the regiment, while getting into position, was greeted all along the line with as hearty a cheer as was ever raised for the sons of Erin, a fact which apparently drew from the enemy a galling fire and which was vigorously kept up till the command reached its position on the extreme right of the line. This firing having been from the enemy partly in ambush, General McArthur soon rode up and requested me to send out skirmishers to reconnoiter and feel the enemy, so as to ascertain his precise position and force. For this duty I detailed Companies B, F, and G, which most handsomely performed the same.

Captain McDermott, Company B, I am sorry to say, while out was severely wounded, having been shot through the left breast. During this reconnaissance the enemy suspended his fire generally, except at this regiment and our skirmishers; but on their return he opened briskly on a section of the Second Illinois Battery, Company F, Lieutenant Mitchell, then in position and in action in front and about the center of our line of battle, picking off the cannoneers and taking down some of the horses. To obviate this General McArthur again rode up to me and inquired if I could charge successfully on the brigade doing such execution on our battery. Being answered in the affirmative, he gave the

