
order to charge, which, on informing the men of nature of the duty and getting them in position, was promptly executed, and by which the enemy in force was driven back full three-quarters of a mile without any support in the first instance. It is true two regiments followed tardily, at long interval of both time and distance, which, finally, discharging their muskets into the Seventeenth, turned and ran. The Seventh Illinois, Colonel Babcock, on the country came up nobly and covered the retreat I had ordered on seeing my flanks turned. This charge electrified all observers, and certainly put the enemy hors de combat for the day in that part of the field.

The enemy having thus disappeared the troops bivouacked that night in Corinth, expecting a concentrated renewal of the enemy's charge by early morning.

Preparatory to this the Seventh, at early dawn on the morning of the 4th (Saturday), commenced throwing up temporary breastworks, and which they continued to perfect till about 8 a. m., when the command was ordered hastily to march to support a battery on the left, them being beleaguered by the enemy and all-but captured. My command remained in active support of this battery all day.

At 2 a. m. Sunday morning the regiment was ordered to march in pursuit of the enemy and in front of the advance guard, which position we promptly took and maintained.

The particulars of this pursuit being so monotonous and so like those of every such expedition I deem a recapitulation unnecessary. Perhaps it will suffice to say that the regiment was on every occasion in its place satisfactorily performing every assigned duty, and that we returned to camp late last evening with the other troops of the expedition under command.

The precise number and names of the killed, wounded, and missing not having been yet ascertained, will be furnished in an early communication.

Respectfully submitted.

Your most obedient servant,

JNO. L. DORAN,

Colonel.

General JOHN McARTHUR,

Commanding Sixth Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Report of Colonel John M. Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan, Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, operations October 3-11.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, SIXTH DIVISION,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to officially report the part taken by Second Brigade of your division in the series of operations between Chewalla and Corinth, at the battle of Corinth, and the pursuit of the enemy to Ripley, the division being a first under command of Brigadier-General McKean and afterward under command of Brigadier-General McArthur. I have made a report, embracing as concisely as possible whole of its operations, and submit the same report to both of those officers.

