
Shiloh and been banded. The recoil had again broken it. I then sent

to the rear the caissons of both pieces, attached the prolonge to the disabled pieces, and drew it as far as the creek, when, the rope breaking the piece was spiked and rolled into the water. Fifteen of the cavalry were sent to the wagons for axes after I had passed over the bridge the two regiments and the remaining gun, which had kept firing with great apparent effect. The skirmishers held the ground while the cavalry destroyed the bridge, also felling a tree over the crossing at the side. The skirmishers then retired to the open ground across the bottom, covering themselves with what they could. I then took a position on the hill north of the railroad, which was a strong one and easy to hold against anything but an overwhelming force, though my order was to hold the position at all hazards, and was kind enough to ride back for re-enforcement to prevent my being flanked.

I then had only some 500 men, one howitzer, and one James rifled gun (6-pounder), which had been sent to replace the disabled piece Skirmishers were relieved by others who covered our flanks and front Skirmishers of some other command on our left were retired even back of our main line. We then commenced shelling the opposite hill and the destroyed bridge to prevent, if possible, its being rebuilt. In about fifteen minutes our were against busily engaged, and soon the fire became general. The men were protected by the crest of the hill. In this way, under a terrible fire, we held the ground for over two hours.

The Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, Major Reynolds commanding, then came up and were held as reserves. Soon after the Twenty-first Regiment Missouri Volunteers, Colonel Moore commanding, arrived and were formed in line of battle on our left. The order was then given to cease firing, as we had driven the enemy across the railroad and up the opposite hill with great slaughter and terrible effect scattering them like sheep. Three companies of the Sixteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers were sent to the front to feel for the enemy in the dense woods on our right, but almost immediately came back of our lines. Colonel Baldwin's brigade, of General Davies' division sent to re-enforce us, came up in fine order, and at once two regiments were formed in line upon our left and one on our right. While Colonel Baldwin was getting into position General McArthur came up and directed the movements. Colonel Baldwin then threw out skirmishers, who could not have advanced over 100 or 150 yards before they fell back rapidly to their own lines, reporting lines of battle against them. With the tried and steady Fifteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers we successfully continued to hold our ground, although suffering severe loss, until the troops, both upon my right and left, being convinced that they were flanked, broke. I then ordered my two pieces to the rear and retired in good order, my command being increased to twice its number by those of regiments which had crowded between them. Twice we tried to rally and make a stand, but with the exception of my own line and the Seventh Regiment Illinois, we were unable to do so. I accordingly commenced falling back your division, near Battery F. When we came near the rear of the camp of the Seventeenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers I met that regiment coming to the front in good order. Colonel Doran said he was ordered to report to General McArthur or myself. Not seeing General McArthur, I ordered him to form in line of battle fronting to the northwest so that we could from in rear of and support him. General McArthur then came

