
up and took charge of the Seventeenth and Sixteenth Wisconsin and Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, and ordered me to retire with my command to you, near Battery F, which I did; reported and took position as ordered, and when ordered, back to town the regiments of my brigade were properly in line and the ranks fuller than could hardly have been expected from us.

Soon after arriving the First and Second Brigades were placed under General McArthur and crossed to the north of Major-General Rosecrans' headquarters formed into line, and remained until morning when we were marched to the rear of the seminary building, changed front, and formed columns of attack, and took position in support of batteries and held them. My men were much exhausted by fatigue, having been engaged since Thursday in marching and continued skirmishing with the enemy.

Saturday afternoon and evening we rested.

I, as ordered by you, on Sunday morning at 2 o'clock again marched my four regiments, worn and wearied with four days' continued conflict, with the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Wisconsin Volunteers, Twenty-first Missouri Volunteers, and Tenth Ohio Battery added to my command, to re-enforce General McArthur,who had pushed a reconnaissance to Alexander's Cross-Roads, with orders to assist him in pursuit of the enemy. We reported to General McArthur at Alexander's Cross Roads at daybreak took the pursuit until near Chewalla, when we were met by a flag of truce and detained.

At Chewalla General McPherson taking the advance we followed and supported him the whole of the way to Ripley, men and officers cheerfully and vigorously following the retreating foe, promptly and readily making disposition for combat when occasion seemed to demand.

I would call your attention to the death of Captain Vaughn, Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, who fell at the end of the old line of the enemy's breastworks, nobly supported by Captain Harrison, of the same regiment. They steadily held the party of skirmishers on our right and front at the foot of the hill, where we had so long and fierce a fight on Friday. Captain Vaughn gave his life for his country; First Lieutenant Samuel A. Tinkham, Company B, Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, promoted for meritorious conduct at Shiloh, who was killed about the same time (Friday) deserves honorable mention for his services. Captain Asa Worden, Company B, and First Lieutenant E. F. Ferris, Company A, also of Fourteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, particularly distinguished for their coolness and bravery, were wounded while in the active discharge of their duties.

Lieutenant James F. Adams, Fifteenth Michigan Volunteers, bold and vigorous, held the skirmishers under his command on the left of our line with the same vigor and energy that before Chewalla, with his handful of men, he drove back the enemy's line, until, wounded he was forced to retire. The thanks and condolence of our whole army should be given to the families of these officers.

Lieutenant John Stewart, of the Fifteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers although slightly wounded, remained with his command during the two days' battle and for a day and a half during the pursuit. His example was a good one for his brother officers.

Second Lieutenant P. Casserly, Company C, Fifteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, deserves honorable mention for his care of that and Company F and his tenuous to rally the men when we were falling back.

I regret to say that Captain Farrell, Company C, Fifteenth Michigan

