
Volunteers the only officer who came under notice of myself and staff as failing to do his best, neglected to do his duty at that trying time.

Lieutenant-Colonel McDermott, of the Fifteenth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, his officers and men, deserve the highest praise. All but one did their whole duty-for six days continually under arms, skirmishing against a whole army.

You could not with justice particularize individuals. All worked effectively, even our chaplain Father Brady respected and beloved by all his flock, both Catholic and Protestant, for his kindness and good offices, was with me under the hottest fire, and volunteers to go for ammunition, and, when brought up, I think helped to give it out.

Colonel Hancock and his regiment the Fourteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, there was no discount on. Always steady, cool, and vigorous, this regiment was the one to rely upon in any emergency. Though suffering more loss than any regiment in the command, they maintained their lines and delivered their fire with all the coolness and precision which could have been maintained upon drill.

Colonel Bouck, cool and sagacious, with his gallant Eighteenth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers,while with us did most effectual service; was detached to guard Smith's Bridge, which he afterward, by order, destroyed, and brought his command into the division in excellent order.

Captain Ford and his company of cavalry were in the saddle night and day. Zealous and fearless, officers and men alike seemed desirous of doing and did do their duty.

The section of First Minnesota Battery, under command of Second Lieutenant Clayton was well served, and did great apparent execution. The manner in which he handled his pieces elicited the commendation of all who saw him.

Six companies of the Eighteenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers had been some time since detached to guard the railroad some miles toward Bethel and the remaining four companies, under command of Captain Ault, joined us when we fell back to your division. This battalion, to gather with the Twenty-first Regiment Missouri Volunteers and the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Regiments Wisconsin Volunteers, were under my command during the pursuit of the enemy. To the officers and men of these obedience to all orders.

To my personal staff great praise is due. Lieutenant James G. McBridge acting adjutant, was of great use in the operations before Corinth and in the pursuit of the enemy. Active and industrious,all regretted that, through sickness, he was unable to be with us during the whole time. Lieutenant Frederick S. Hutchinson acting brigade quartermaster, was on the field acting is all capacities, and by his conspicuous gallantry endeared himself to all. For their intelligent, and cheerful obedience to every order. I desire to tender my sincere thanks to the officers and men of my entire command.

To the Second Brigade of your division is the honor due of checking the advance of the rebel host for a whole day, and by their bitter fight on Friday forenoon enabling other divisions to take their positions, forcing the enemy to that point which soon destroyed their morale, and forcing the enemy to that point which soon destroyed their morale, and changed a fine army, flushed with the anticipation of a speedily victory, into a flying, disorganized mob, with wild defeat and frantic with terror.

With much respect, I am, your servant,

JOHN M. OLIVER,

Colonel Fifteenth Michigan Infty. Vols., Commanding Second Brigadier

Captain J. BATES DICKSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Division.

