
the right as well as on the left of us to fall back. After retiring some 200 paces we rallied, and by the aid of Captain Clark, assistant adjutant-general to General Rosecrans, I succeeded in forming line with the Fifteenth Michigan and a portion of the Fourteenth Wisconsin, and after a spirited contest was forced to fall back to the camp of the Seventeenth Wisconsin, when we again rallied and formed line. A spirited contest ensued. The enemy was nobly repulsed at this point. We were then ordered to fall back to the seminary to the support of a battery at that point, which we did in good order. On arriving there we were ordered to the right of the city to support a battery there. On arriving there we formed line and rested on our arms for the night.

About 4 o'clock next morning (the 5th) the enemy opened on us a hot fire-shell, shot, &amp;c. About 8 o'clock we were ordered back to the seminary, where we remained the balance of the day.

About 7 p. m. we were ordered to be ready to march next morning at 3 o'clock, with three days' rations, in pursuit of the enemy. We did so, following them in close pursuit by way of Chewalla, Tuscumbia, Hatchie, and Ripley (taking many prisoners and some arms and equipage), where we arrived on the 10th, and were ordered back to Corinth, where we arrived on the night of the 12th in good order.

We lost in killed, wounded, and missing the following, viz: Killed, 13; wounded, 29, and missing, 8.

I would most respectfully recommend to the favorable notice of the department the following named officers, who have nobly distinguished themselves during the four days' engagement in rallying and stimulating their men. Their conduct was such as to do honor to themselves as well as to the department, viz, Captain R. F. Farrell, commanding Company C; Captain A. E. Jaquith, commanding Company E; Lieutenant John Q. Adams, commanding Company H; Lieutenant, J. F. Adams, commanding Company F; Lieutenant William J. St. Clair, commanding Company A; Lieutenant Moses A. La Point, commanding Company B; Lieutenant John Stewart, commanding Company D; Lieutenant John Edwards, commanding Company I; Lieutenant Charles Barnaby, commanding Company K; Lieutenant Erastus A. Pratt, Company D; Lieutenant Patrick Casserly, Company C; Lieutenant John Bell, Company H; and also William Lowndes, of Company I, who when the enemy took possession of the battle-field, saw the colors of the Fourteenth Wisconsin lying on the ground among the enemy, dashed in, and carried them away from the field with him. Also our color-bearers, Robert A. Johnson and Silas Placaway, who were the last to leave the hard-fought field, with our colors proudly floating over them.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant.

J. McDERMOTT,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Michigan Infantry Volunteers.

Major General, W. S. ROSECRANS, Commanding Forces at Corinth.

Numbers 97.

Reports of Colonel Marcellus M. Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, including operations October 3-12.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, SIXTH DIVISION,Camp near Coring, Miss., October 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Third Brigade

