
in the battle of Corinth and its subsequent movements in pursuit of the retreating enemy:

About 5 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant the brigade formed, two regiments (the Eleventh and Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers) in line of battle facing the west, and the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Iowa Volunteers in close column by division in rear of the line. The regiments remained in that position, with skirmishers deployed in front, receiving an occasional cannon-shot, until about 3 o'clock, when the division on the right having fallen back, a change of front was ordered. The Fifteenth and Sixteenth were then formed in line of battle perpendicular to the first line and the Eleventh and Thirteenth in close column by division in the rear.

In this position the brigade remained until about 4 p. m., when orders were again received to again change front soa s to connect the right of the brigade with the left of General Davies' division, its left to rest in direction of Battery F. After the execution of this order had been commenced notice was received from General McKean that the division was to move back inside the inner fortifications, and an order received a quarter of a mile in the rear of the line formed by the Fifteenth and Sixteenth, in front of and parallel to the road over whit the artillery of the division must pass, and the brigade to protect the movements of the rest of the division and the artillery.

The execution of the order to move back had just commenced when the enemy, in greatly superior force, attacked the front line-the Fifteenth and Sixteenth. The officers and men of these regiments, acting with signal determination and bravery, not only held the enemy in check, but drove him back, and held their position until notice was received that the artillery had passed safely to the rear, when they were ordered to fall back and form in line of battle on the right of the second line, which they did in good order, the enemy declining to follow. This engagement lasted three-quarters of an hour; the firing was incessant, and the regiments, especially the Fifteenth, suffered severely.

I deem it my especial duty to particularly mention Lieutenant-Colonel Balknap, who commanded the Fifteenth Regiment. This regiment was under the hottest fire, and Colonel Balknap was everywhere along the line, mounted, with sword in hand, encouraging by voice and gesture his men to stand their ground.

Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, who commanded the Sixteenth, is entitled to great praise. He rode along the line of his regiment amid the storm of bullets, encouraging his brave boys who had so lately suffered at Iuka to remember their duty, and, although severely wounded, remained with his regiment until it march doff the field.

Majors Cunningham, of the Fifteenth, and Purcell, of the Sixteenth, did their whole duty, and conducted themselves with great bravery.

Two companies of the Thirteenth Iowa-Company A, in command of Captain Kennedy, and Company G, in command of Captain Walker-had before the engagement commenced been deployed as skirmishers. The advance of the enemy drove them in. They were ordered to form on the left of the Fifteenth Iowa. They formed in good order, fighting like veterans, retiring, under their brave commanders, without confusion when ordered to do so.

The artillery of the division having passed the brigade followed in good order. On arriving inside the fortifications we took position, the Fifteenth Iowa in line of battle in rear of and to the right of the battery commanded by Captain Phillips, First Infantry; the Sixteenth in the

