
My advance pursued 2 miles beyond, and I learned that their camp was still three-fourths of a mile distant, but that they, alarmed at our approach, were leaving. It then being nearly dark, my horses jaded, and the disposition of the enemy to run clearly established, I deemed it best to retire, and accordingly turned back, passing north on the Jacinto road and camping for the night 7 miles north of Bay Springs. This morning I passed through Jacinto and arrived in camp at 12 m.

On my march from Bay Springs to Marietta my advance guard had several skirmishes with the enemy's pickets, who seemed to be falling back before my front.

The force near Bay Springs was commanded by Captain Sanders. Captain Hill has not recently occupied that place.

I wish in conclusion to say that to fight small forces of the enemy in the region immediately below this point I consider impracticable unless they desire to fight. The posting and vigilance of their pickets is perfect, and their knowledge of the country enables them to evade an attack when evasion is desirable.

By an accidental discharge of a pistol one of my men was mortally wounded; since died.

I turn over herewith to brigade quartermaster 3 horses, 3 guns, and 1 saber captured.

I am, respectfully, yours,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel.

Lieutenant GEORGE LEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 23, 1862.-Skirmish near Fort Donelson, Tenn.

Report of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

FORT HENRY, [August] 24, 1862.

I have the honor to report that a detachment of 12 men of Company D of my regiment, under Sergt.[Charles R.] Gray, yesterday engaged a band of rebels-whether regulars or guerrillas is not known-about half way between the two rivers, and after a short skirmish succeeded in killing 2. A large party is said to be in the vicinity, and I now have troops after them. This detachment under Sergeant Gray has been scouting several days from Fort Donelson.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

AUGUST 23, 1862.-Affair near Trinity, Ala.

Report of Brigadier General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi.

IUKA, August 24, 1862.

GENERAL: Report from Colonel Roberts gives details of destruction of train day before yesterday 1 mile from Trinity. Eleven companies of Roddey's rebel cavalry appeared at that point, where they had

