
rear of and supporting the Fifth Ohio Battery, which was in position on the left of Captain Phillips' battery; five companies of the Eleventh Regiment, in command of Major Abercrombie, in line of battle, supporting the First Minnesota Battery in position still on the left of the Fift Ohio Battery; the Thirteenth Iowa and five companies of the Eleventh in rear of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth in close column by division as a reserve. At night five companies of the Thirteenth Iowa of our position as a grand guard.

Thus we remained during the night and until the battle had commenced on the morning of the 4th, when five companies of the Eleventh Iowa, as also the five companies of the Thirteenth Iowa, were relieved and these regiments formed in line of battle, the Eleventh in the rear of the Fifteenth and the Thirteenth in rear of the Sixteenth. In this position the brigade remained during the day, receiving occasional shots from cannon and the enemy's sharpshooters stationed in the woods in front.

Captain Smith, of Company A, Sixteenth Iowa, having built temporary breastworks to the right of the Fifth Ohio Battery, behind which he placed his company, kept up a spirited skirmish with the enemy's sharpshooters and did effective service.

During the day the enemy made two efforts to approach our position by coming up a ravine, which sheltered them from the heavy guns of Captain Phillips' fort, but were relieved back by the Fifth Ohio Battery, under command of Lieutenant Marsh, a very brave and competent officer.

At daylight on the 5th the brigade started in pursuit of the retreating enemy, and continued the pursuit until the evening of the 8th instant, when, after resting one day, orders were received to return to Corinth with two regiments and to leave two regiments to come back with Brigadier-General McPherson.

At daylight on the morning of the 10th I started to Corinth with the Thirteenth and Sixteenth, leaving the Eleventh and Fifteenth, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hall, of the Eleventh, to return with General McPherson. We marched back to Corinth in less than two days, without any unusual occurrence. The Eleventh and Fifteenth arrived one day later.

During the movements the Eleventh Iowa was under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hall; the Thirteenth under Lieutenant Colonel John Shane; the Fifteenth, after the first day and during the pursuit, under command of Colonel Reid, and the Sixteenth, after the first day, under Major Purcell.

The brigade, during the protracted movements of the battle and pursuit, encountering every hardship and privation incident to such campaigning, behaved with great fortitude, meeting every danger and hardship cheerfully; and I acknowledge my obligation to all the field officers for their cheerful, hearty, and intelligent co-operation.

Colonel H. T. Reid, of the Fifteenth Iowa, though prostrated by illness and unable to be in the field during the first day's engagement, on the second day left his sick bed, joined his command, and, though unable to ride his horse, remained with his regiment, traveling in an ambulance until the pursuit was abandoned.

I must not fail to mention the renewed obligations under which I rest to my adjutant, James Wilson, who during the whole time of the battle and pursuit was tireless in the discharge of every duty-always at his post, always brave, always reliable.

