
Lieutenant Lanstrum, of the Fifteenth Iowa, who acted as aide, de ported himself as a good and faithful soldier.

The loss of the brigade occurred principally in the engagement on the 3rd instant, the Fifteenth suffering most. The killed, wounded, and missing are as follows, namely: Killed, 14; wounded, 110, and missing, 22. Total, 146.* A list of which, together with the reports of the regimental commanders, is herewith submitted.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. M. CROCKER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Captain W. T. CLARK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 15, 1862.

I have the honor to report the part taken by the Third Brigade in the pursuit of the enemy subsequent to the battle of Corinth:

During the battle of Corinth, on October 3 and 4 and until the night of the 5th, during the pursuit of the retreating enemy, this brigade was under command of Brigadier-General McKean (division commander.)

On the evening of the 5th, when near the Tuscumbia Rivere, Brigadier-General McArthur assumed the command, and, night approaching, we were ordered shortly afterward to encamp, which we did about 1 1/2 miles east of the Tuscumbia, encamping in the woods on the south side of the road. Stacking arms, the Eleventh and Thirteenth Iowa in line of battle, the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Iowa on the right and left flanks in rear of the line in close column by division, guards and pickets were placed on our front and rear.

At daylight on the morning of the 6th orders were received to march in pursuit of the enemy, our position being in advance of the division. After many delays to permit the removal of obstructions in the road caused by the wagons and caissons abandoned by the enemy, we reached the Hatchie River at Crum's Ford about 1 p. m. The brigade at this point having been burned by the enemy, some time was required to rebuild it.

At 6 o'clock that evening we resumed the march, and, crossing the Hatchie, encamped for the night about 9 p. m. 6 miles west of this river, forming the Eleventh and Thirteenth in line perpendicular to the road, the Fifteenth and Sixteenth, as before, in close column by division on either flank, placing pickets on the roads connecting with our line of march.

On the morning of the 7th, at daylight, we were again ordered to march forward, our position being in the rear of the artillery and of the division. About 12 o'clock, the forces under General McPherson having come up with and attacked the enemy's rear guard, we were ordered to form line of battle in support of the batteries of the division, the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Iowa in line in rear of the batteries and the Eleventh and Thirteenth Iowa in close column by division as a reserve on the right and left flanks. We remained in this position until 3 o'clock, when we were ordered to resume the march, and that night encamped about 2 1/2 miles north of Ripley, drawn up in line in the rear of General McPherson's division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

