
did their duty well; none could have done it better. We mourn their loss as that of those who lived the lives and died the deaths of true soldiers.

The officers whose gallant conduct came under my especial observation were Major Cunningham and Adjutant Pomutz; Captain Kittle and Lieutenant Whitenack, of Company A; Lieutenant Wilins, of Company B; Captain Severs, of Company C; Captain Madison and Lieutenant Porter, of Company D; Lieutenant Rogers, of Company E; Lieutenant Throckmorton, of Company F; Captain Hanks, of Company G, and Lieutenants Miller and King, of Company I. Others doubtless did as well, but those referred to were noticed by myself.

Major Cunningham throughout the contest rallied the men and cheered on the regiment, and, though quite severely wounded, remained with the regiment to the close.

Of the staff officers, Assistant Surgeon Gibbon and Quartermaster Higley, and of the non-commissioned staff, Sergeant-Major Brown, who was wounded, and Commissary Sergeant Elliott have my thanks for services promptly rendered in their departments.

Color-Corporal Black, of Company E, had charge of the colors, and commanded applause by his great gallantly. Clinging to the standard he only gave it up when severely wounded, at which time Color-Corporal Wells, of Company I, took the flag as it was falling and bore it bravely through the remainder of the fight.

During the action of the 4th the regiment, under the command of Colonel Reid, was placed in position to support the fort from which the artillery of Captain Phillips was served with such terrible effect, and while there had 2 men wounded.

The Fifteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers has thus again given the blood of many of its best and bravest to the cause of the Union, and while for their gallant conduct on the field of Corinth the officers and men of the regiment have my thanks, they have merited and will receive the grateful approbation of the people of Iowa and of the nation

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BELKNAP,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifteenth Regiment Iowa Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant JAMES WILSON, A. A. G., Third Brigade, Sixth Division.

Numbers 100.

Report of Major William Purcell, Sixteenth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH Regiment IOWA VOL. INFANTRY,Camp near Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry in the late battle of Corinth on October 3 and 4, and also in the subsequent pursuit of the enemy:

At daylight on the morning of the 3rd the Sixteenth Iowa, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Addison H. Sanders, was formed upon the color-line of the regiment and immediately afterward marched by orders from Colonel Crocker into position on the left and in the rear of the Thirteenth Regiment Iowa Infantry, which regiment, with the Eleventh Iowa, was in line of battle to support Fort F. The Sixteenth was formed in close column by division. In consequence of the movements of the enemy the Sixteenth was ordered to change its position, and, with

