
the Fifteenth Iowa on the left, formed in line of battle at a right angle to the line of the Eleventh and Thirteenth. Subsequently the Eleventh and Thirteenth were formed in rear of this new line in close column by division. In this position we remained until the Second Brigade fell back, and the batteries with the Eleventh and Thirteenth Iowa being ordered to the rear to form a line oblique to the one then held by us, we remained in position to cover this movement, and were under the immediate command of Colonel Crocker when the enemy drove in our skirmishers and charged furiously up the hill upon which the Fifteenth and Sixteenth were posted. This charge was repulsed, and after holding the enemy in check and severely punishing him were ordered, in company with the Fifteenth, to retire, which they did slowly and in good order, rejoining the rest of the brigade, remaining there until ordered to retire with the batteries to the inner fortifications, when the Fifteenth was ordered into line on the left of Fort Phillips and in the rear and for the support of the Fifth Ohio Battery. In this position we remained that night.

During the fight this day Lieutenant-Colonel Sanders was severely wounded in the thigh and had his horse shot in several places, but retained command until the regiment was ordered to the inner line of fortifications, when he retired to have his wounds dressed, and the command devolved upon me.

On the morning of the 4th the Sixteenth retained its position in support of the Fifth Ohio Battery, throwing forward, under cover of temporary breastworks, Company A, under command of Captain Smith, to engage the enemy's sharpshooters. While in support of the battery 3 of our men were wounded by the sharpshooters of the enemy.

Permit me to say while at this point that the officers and men are entitled to great credit, and their superior officers and their State may well be proud of them. They did their whole duty in the engagement of Friday. They displayed great courage in reforming the regiment in the presence of the enemy and seemed willing to engage them again.

I regret to say that Lieutenant Louis Bunde, of Company E, acted in a disgraceful manner by leaving the field during the early part of the engagement. After the regiment was ordered out on Friday he was placed in command of Company I, but some time before the firing commenced he was missing and was not heard of until next day.

I noticed with pleasure the courage and bravery displayed by the color-sergeant, Samuel Duffin, Company F. He stood waving the colors and encouraging the men both by actions and words. He was the last to leave the field, and bore the colors away with him while the missiles of death flew thick and fast around him.

The colors-corporals, McElhany, of Company E; H. B Eighnoy, of Company H, and J. Kuhn, of Company C, also deserve mention for their gallant conduct.

I herewith append a list of the casualties of the Sixteenth Regiment Iowa Volunteer Infantry.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM PURCELL,

Major, Commanding Sixteenth Iowa Volunteer Infantry.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Sixth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 176.

---------------

