
placed a rail across the track to throw the train off. They succeeded in this. The guard accompanying, under Lieutenant Granger, who fought them bravely, killed and wounded 25 of them and came off, having lost 8 men. Re-enforcements from Courtland hurried the rebels and killed 4 more of them, but before these re-enforcements came the rebel burned the train.

No further news, except that I am seeking routes and information to strike Columbus. It works well so far.

W. S. ROSECRANS.

Major-General GRANT.

AUGUST 25, 1862.-Skirmish at Fort Donelson, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1.-Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

Number 2.-Major James H. Hart, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry.

Number 1. Report of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

FORT DONELSON, August 25, 1862-10 p.m. [Via Fort Henry, August 26, 1862.]

This post was attacked to-day by a force under Colonel Woodward. They were repulsed by the command at this post at one by the remnant of the Seventy-first Ohio, under Major Hart. A flag of truce was sent in before the attack, demanding the surrender a la Clarksville. This was promptly refused by Major Hart. Soon after, they made the attack. I started for this point as soon as the news of the attack reached me with all the force I could bring, but the affair was ended before my command got in - about sundown. We are now fixed for them, and I start at daylight in pursuit of them. None of the re-enforcements have arrived.

I had an interview with Colonel Woodward. No one hurt on our side. Ten or a dozen of the rebels killed and wounded.

W. W. LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Number 2. Report of Major James H. Hart, Seventy-first Ohio Infantry.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that on Monday, the 25th instant, the forces under my command at this post, consisting of parts of Companies A, B, G, and H, of the Seventy-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, were attacked by the rebel forces, under command of Colonel Woodward, at about 1.30 p.m. Before an attack was made a flag of truce was sent in to us, demanding a surrender of the post. I demanded time to consider the proposition, and thirty minutes were

