
in handling their troops and never shirking the post of danger. I most cordially commend them to your consideration.

The First Missouri Battery, Captain A. M. Powell, played a most important part, and I cannot but speak in the highest terms of Captain Powell, his officers and men. Prompt to come into action, a few hoot and shells, judiciously thrown at different points, dispersed the enemy where he seemed disposed to make a stand, and prevented the severe loss of life which would have attended driving him out with infantry alone.

To Captain H. Lieb, Eighth Illinois, and Lieutenant D. H. Gile, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, and G. Coolbaugh, railroad agent, who acted as volunteer aides, I am under many obligations for their gallantry, untiring energy, and promptness in carrying orders.

Surg. E. M. Powers, acting medical director of the advance division, was particularly zealous in the discharge of his duties and deserves special mention.

Appended please find list of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. B. McPHERSON,

Major-General, Commanding Advance Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 102.

Report of Colonel John D. Stevenson, Seventh Missouri Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of operations October 3-12.
HDQRS. IRISH BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., October 13, 1862.

On the night of the 3rd instant I was ordered with my brigade, consisting of the Seventh Missouri Infantry, Major W. S. Oliver commanding, and the First Kansas Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Tennison, commanding, to embark on train and report to Brigadier General J. B. McPherson at Bethel. Arrived with command at Bethel and reported according to orders. We moved at daylight for Corinth, and about 6 miles from Corinth untied with Colonel Lawler's brigade and pushed forward to Corinth, arriving about 4 p. m. on the 4th instant, having made a march of 18 miles through clouds of dust and under a very oppressive sun.

At daylight on the 5th instant broke camp in pursuit of the enemy, and after a forced march of 14 miles overtook the rear guard of the enemy 1 mile south of Chewalla Station, on Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Found the enemy occupying a strong position on the hill, covering the main road. Under order of General McPherson took the road to the right, the general, with the remainder of the division, keeping the main road. Found the enemy in line of battle, with artillery and infantry. Having reached their extreme left, formed my brigade in line of battle, and, having received orders not to advance until I heard the attack on the right, held my command ready for an immediate advance. The enemy being advised of our position beat a hasty

---------------

*Nominal list omitted shows 1 officer wounded near Chewalla and 1 officer (Lieutenant Jerome G. Miner, First Kansas Infantry) killed, and 7 men wounded at Big Hill, near the Tuscumbia.

---------------

