
retreat. Finding their line abandoned I moved the brigade rapidly forward upon their line of retreat, and after advancing about 2 miles was ordered to halt until rest of the division came up. The command being united, we continued the pursuit until the enemy were reported in force in front about 4 miles from the last position. Pushed forward skirmishers from the First Kansas (that regiment being in advance), and found the enemy occupying the crest of a very steep hill, commanding the entire road. The skirmishers were pushed forward under a heavy fire from the enemy and succeeded in driving them from the crest of the hill, obtained possession of it, and held it until the entire brigade was pushed forward. At this point, I regret to state, we lost Lieutenant Miner, First Kansas, killed, and 7 privated wounded.

Captain Powell, First Missouri Artillery, having placed his battery in position, commenced shelling the woods in our advance, causing the enemy to fall back from their second position on the hill. Still advancing our skirmishers of the enemy so vigorously that our line of skirmishers was driven back to the main line by continuous volleys of infantry and rounds of grape and canister from their batteries. At this point the enemy had several killed; wounded we could not ascertain. This occurring at night-fall, we occupied our ground until morning and continued our advance at daylight. Found the enemy again in full retreat, having crossed Tuscumbia River and destroyed the bridge. Our Engineer Corps, under Captain Tweeddale, soon furnished us an extempore bridge, when we continued our advance, finding the road literally blocked up by abandoned wagons, camp and garrison equipage, army supplies, ammunition, &amp;c., and extending for miles.

Arrived at Hatchie River about 2 p. m. Found the bridge burned, which was again supplied by Captain Tweeddale's indefatigable corps, when, after a scanty mearl (the first for twenty-four hous), we resumed the pursuit, pushed forward by a night march to Jonesborough, and bivouacked till daylight. Breaking camp again, found the enemy in position.

Colonel Lawler's brigade being in front, the enemy were soon driven from their advance and pursuit resumed. Arrived at Ruckersville and made a short halt for water and a meal and continued the pursuit. The enemy making a stand on a commanding position on the road were soon driven off by advance skirmishers, the column continuing to advance. Being joined by Colonel Lee's cavalry command they took the advance, and after repeated skirmishers succeeded in occupying Ripley, Miss.

We again bivouacked for the night, and next morning took possession of the town, remaining there two days. We commenced the march in retreat, and arrived at this point this morning at 10 a. m., making a march of 46 miles in two days and three hours.

We captured many prisoners in the pursuit and much of the rebel army supplies. We made the entire march, going and returning, without camp or garrison equipage, and the advance of 68 miles without wagons or supplies, subsisting by chance.

To my subordinate officers, Major Oliver, Seventh Missouri Volunteers, commanding; Lieutenant F. Whitehead, Seventh Missouri Infantry, my adjutant, and the several line officers of the Seventh Missouri Volunteers, as also to Lieutenant-Colonel Tennison, First Kansas Infantry, and his subordinate officers, I am much indebted for the promptness and energy with which each discharged his duty, enabling me to push for-

