
camp I was joined by Captain Brewer's company of First West Tennessee Cavalry, and received information through him from Brigadier-General McPherson that I would be re-enforced by two regiments of infantry, who would meet my command at Chambers'.

At daylight on Saturday morning, October 4, I broke up camp and proceeded toward Chambers', at which place I arrived about 9 a. m. No re-enforcement being yet in sight, I halted for their coming. While waiting we were fired upon by the enemy. I sent out infantry skirmishers and cavalry and drove them back. Supposing the enemy to be a small force who were merely endeavoring to arrive at the knowledge of our strength, and Brigadier-General McPherson coming up with two regiments of infantry (the Seventh Missouri and First Kansas), too whom I reported for orders, we proceeded toward Corinth, Miss., some 6 miles distant, at which place we arrived without further interruption about 5 p. m. and encamped for the night in the center of the town.

Upon receipt of orders I broke up cam at daylight next morning, October 5, and left the place at 7 a. m. in pursuit of the enemy; arrived at Chewalla about 2 p. m., being in the advance. While passing just beyond the town the cavalry were fired upon by the enemy's obedience to orders I formed my brigade behind a breastwork, of circular form, constructed at the foot of the hill overlooking the town. In obedience to orders I formed my brigade behind a breastwork, of circular form, constructed at the foot of the hill, in preparation for battle. At the order, received in a few minutes after the halt, to advance, I threw out as skirmishers three companies of the Twenty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, who accompanied that regiment, Captain Call, of Company B, Twenty-ninth Illinois, assisting him, and cautiously advanced, the enemy giving want without further demonstration at that time, keeping skirmishers well out on either flank. Some 4 miles farther, in the advance, the enemy formed for battle, Colonel Stevenson's brigade being then in the advance. I moved up to his support. The enemy opened with cannon and musketry, killing 1 and wounding several of Colonel Stevenson's command. Here we encamped for the night in line of battle, lying upon our arms; recommenced the march at daylight, and, coming into the Tuscumbia Bottom, discovered where the enemy had in their hasty retreat left to our disposal a great quantity of both camp and garrison equipage, showing evident signs of a rout-tents, wagons, guns, ammunition, &amp;c., being either burned or otherwise injured and thrown out to lighten their burden. We arrived at Hatchie River about 3 p. m.; discovered that the bridge had been burned; stopped to breakfast. Remained at this point some four hours, until the bridge was reconstructed across the river, when we continued the march, and encamped for the night at Jonesborough, a small town, which was deserted by its people, and at which no water could be found, halting here just after dark.

We broke up camp about daylight the next morning, my brigade taking the advance; three companies, under Major Mayfield, assisted by Captains Call and Howard, of the Twenty-ninth Illinois, being thrown out as skirmishers. Arrived at Ruckersville about noon. Just before entering the town had a skirmish with the enemy, opening upon them with our artillery. I threw my skirmishers half a mile in advance. At this point Private Louis Cruch, of Company B, Twenty-ninth Illinois, was captured by the enemy's cavalry. At the first shot from our guns the enemy were sent to retreat hurriedly, and we advanced, skirmishers well in advance and well out on either flank, without further interruption, to Ripley. Arrived at that town about 6 p. m., and encamped on the south side, supporting Powell's battery, stationed in an open field

