
General Price was withdrawn and Villepigue field in and took position as rear guard to the army against Ord's forces. Rust was ordered forward to report to General Price, who was directed to cross the Hatchie at Crum's Mill and take position to cover the crossing of the trains and artillery. Bowen was left at Tuscumbia Bridge as rear guard against the advance of Rosecrans from Corinth, with orders to defend that bridge until the trains were unmarked and on the road, then to cross the bridge and burn it and to join Villepigue at the junction of the roads. In the execution of this order, and while in position near the bridge, the head of the Corinth army made its appearance and engaged him, but was repulsed with heavy loss and in a manner that reflected great credit on General Bowen and his brigade. The army was not again molested in its retreat to Ripley nor on its march to this place.

The following was found to be our loss in the several conflicts with the enemy and on the march to and from Corinth, viz: Killed, 594; wounded, 2,162; prisoners and missing, 2,102. One piece of artillery was driven in the night by mistake into the enemy's lines and captured. Four pieces were taken at the Hatchie Bridge, the horses being shot. Nine wagons were upset and abandoned by teamsters on the night-march to Crum's Mill. Some baggage was thrown out of the wagons, not amounting to any serious loss. Two pieces of artillery were captured from the enemy at Corinth by General Lovell's division, one of which was brought off. Five pieces were also taken by General Price's corps, two of which were brought off, thus making a loss to us of only two pieces.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded, by their own accounts, was over 3,000. We took over 300 prisoners. Most of the prisoners taken from us were the stragglers from the army on the retreat.

The retreat from Corinth was not a rout, as it has been industriously represented to be by the enemy and by the cowardly deserters from the army. The division of General Lowell formed line of battle facing the rear on several occasions when it was reported the enemy was near, but not a gun was fired after the army retired from the Hatchie and Tuscubmia Bridges, nor did the enemy follow, except at a respectfully distance.

Although many officers and soldiers who distinguished themselves in the battle of Corinth and in the affair at Hatchie Bridge came under my personal observation I will not mention them to the exclusion of others who may have been equally deserving but who did not fall under my own eye. I have deemed it best to call on the different commanders to furnish me a special report and a list of the names of the officers and soldiers of their respective commands who deserve special mention. These lists and special reports I will take pleasure in forwarding, together with one of my own, when completed, and I respectfully request that they may be appended as part of my report.

I cannot refrain, however, from mentioning here the conspicuous gallantry of a noble Texan, whose deeds at Corinth are the constant theme of both friends and foes. As long as courage, manliness, fortitude, patriotism, and honor exist the name of Rogers will be revered and honored among men. He fell in the front of battle, and died beneath the colors of his regiment, in the very center of the enemy's stronghold. He sleeps, and glory is his sential.

The attempt at Corinth had failed, land in consequence I am condemned and have been superseded in my command. In my zeal for my country I may have ventured too far with inadequate means, and I bow to the opinion of the people whom I serve. Yet I feel that if the

