
Return of Casualties in the Confederate forces.-Continues.

LOVELL'S DIVISION.

Command	 Killed	 Wounded	 Missing

First Brigade, General Rust	 25	 117	 83

Second Brigade, General	 21	 76	 71

Villepigue

Third Brigade, General Bowen	 28	 92	 40

Cavalry Brigade, Colonel	 1	 .......	 .......

Jackson

Battalion of Zouaves, Major	 2	 .......	 14

Dupeire

Total	 77	 285	 208

Numbers 107.

Report of Colonel William H. Jackson, Seventh Tennessee Cavalry, Chief of Cavalry, of operations October 3-7.
HDQRS. CAVALRY, ARMY OF WEST TENNESSEE,Waterford, Miss., November 18, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make report of the operations of my brigade of cavalry (First Mississippi Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel F. A. Montgomery, and my own regiment, commanded by Lieutenant Colonel J. g. Stocks) at the late battle of corinth and retreat from that place:

During the battle by brigade was divided, squadrons attached to brigades of infantry and acting on the flanks. With eight companies made a reconnaissance south of Corinth; engaged the enemy's cavalry and repulsed them in gallant style. Returning I advanced the command to the fortifications on Coliege Hill, where I engaged the enemy in force after the main body of our troops had withdraw. I then withdrew my command without serious loss and brought up the rear of the army.

I was then ordered to Rienzi; under General Armstrong; received orders countermanding that move on our arrival at Kossuth. The firing having commenced at Davis' Bridge, near Pocahontas, we proceeded with both commands to the Ripley and Pocahontas road; advanced up that road to within 1 1/2 miles of Pocahontas, threatening the enemy's rear, engaging them in a brilliant skirmish, which was a move very favorable toward saving the train of wagons. I held that position all night with my brigade; fell back before the enemy next day. From that time the brigade was engaged in bringing up the rear of the army, skirmishing all the time with the enemy to Ripley.

Owing to unavoidable circumstances the brigade was without rations for three days.

The officers and men all behaved with coolness and gallantry, and suffered all the hardships incident to the march within a spirit worthy of good soldiers. Where all behaved so well it would be difficult to mention by name. I would especially notice, however, Lieutenant Henry W. Watkins, Company A, Jackson's regiment of cavalry; also Corporal Brochus and Britton and Barton, Company C, same regiment; also Captain Gadi Herren, Lieutenants Cravens and Foote, First Regiment Mississippi Cavalry. The latter (Lieutenant Foote) engaged the enemy's advance and checked them in a most gallant manner.

