
The report from Armstrong's brigade* does not mention any one especially be name. They all behaved with coolness and gallantry.

I am, major, with high respect, your obedient servant,

W. H. JACKSON,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry, Army of West Tennessee.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,

Asst. Adjt. General, Army of West Tenn., Abbeville, Miss.

Numbers 108.

Report of Major General Sterling Price, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the West, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge and operations September 27-October 5.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Holly Springs, Miss., October 20, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of this army connected with the several engagements at Corinth and Davis' Bridge of the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant:

Having arranged with Major-General Van Dorn to unite my forces with his for active operations I joined him at Ripley on the 27th ultimo. My force at this time consisted of 10,498 effective infantry, 2,437 effective cavalry, 928 effective artillerymen, and 44 guns, including two 24-pounder howitzers and four rifled pieces of 3 5/8 caliber. The infantry was divided into two divisions, commanded by Brigadier-Generals Maury and Hebert. Moury's division consisted of three brigades, commanded by Brigadier General Moore and Acting Brigadier-Generals Cabell and Phifes. Hebert's division consisted of four brigades, commanded by Brigadier-General Green Colonels Martin Gates, and Colbert. The cavalry, except such companies as were on detached service, was under command of Acting Brigadier-General Armstrong. The artillery was apportioned as follows: With Maury's division, Hoxton's battery (Lieutenant Tobin commanding), Bledsoe's battery, McNally's battery (Lieutenant Moore commanding), Bryan's battery, Lucas' battery, and Sengstak's battery. Hoxton's and Sengstak's batteries were haled as reserves, under command of Lieutenant Burnet, acting chief of artillery of the division. With Hebert's division were Wade's, Landis', Guibor's Dawson's, and King's. The cavalry force under General Armstrong reported to the major-general commanding the combined forces and afterward acted under orders direct from him.

On the morning the 30th ultmo we took up the line of march in direction of Pocahontas, which place we reached on the 1st instant, and from which we moved upon the enemy at Corinth, bivouacking on the night of the 2nd instant at a point nearly opposite to Chewalla, having left one regiment of infantry and a section of artillery with the wagon trains as a guard.

At 4 o'clock on the morning of the 3rd instant we resumed the march, my command moving on the main Pocahontas and Corinth road in rear of General Lovell's. At a point about 1 1/2 miles from the enemy's outer line of fortifications my command made a detour to the left, with instructions to occupy the ground between the Memphis and Charleston and Mobile and Ohio Railroads. This done, my line-Maury occupying the right and Hebert the left, with Cabell's and Colbert's brigade

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

25 R R-VOL XVII

