
in reserve-fronted the enemy's works in a southeasterly direction, the right resting upon the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. While these dispositions were making General Lovell engaged the enemy upon our right.

All being now ready for the attack my line was ordered forward at about 10 a. m. Almost simultaneously with the movement the opposed armies became engaged in desperate conflict along the whole extent of my line. My command had scarcely cleared the position of its first formation when, entering an abatis of more than 300 yards, it became unmasked before a position naturally exceedingly formidable and rendered trebly so by the extent of felled timber through which it must be approached and the most approved and scientifically constructed entrenchments, bristling with artillery of large caliber and supported by heavy lines of infantry. My troops charged the enemy's position with the most determined courage, exposed to a murderous fire of musketry and artillery. Without faltering they pressed forward over every obstacle, and with shouts and cheers carried in less than twenty minutes the entire line of works, the enemy having fled, leaving in our hands many prisoners and two pieces of artillery, one a 4-inch Parrott gun, the other a 24-pounder howitzer.

Our loss in this attack was comparatively small. This is attributable to the impetuosity with which the charge was made and the works carried.

It becomes my painful duty in this connection to revert to the distinguished services of two gallant officers who fell in this engagement- Colonel John D. Martin, commanding a brigade of Mississippians, and Lieutenant Samuel Farrington, of Wade's (Missouri) battery, Colonel Martin fell mortally wounded while leading the care against an angle in the enemy's works exposed to the fire of enfilading batteries. The gallant bearing of this officer upon more than one bloody field had won for him a place in the heart of every Mississippian and the admiration and confidence of his superior officers. Lieutenant Farrington was struck and instantly killed by a shot from a rifled gun while bringing one of the guns of his battery into position. This gallant soldier and courteous and chivalric gentleman, forgetful of personal interest and mindful of the necessities of the service only, resigned a lieutenant-colonelcy in the service of his State for a lieutenancy in the Confederate service, and gave up his life a glorious sacrifice upon the altar of his country's honor in the seventh of the battles which he has been conspicuous for cool, determined, and effective bravery. Though young his country mourns no more valiant defender, his command no abler commander, his friends no worthier recipient of their affection.

The outer works being in our possession my troops moved forward in pursuit of the retreating enemy until within about 1 mile of Corinth, where the enemy was encountered in position and in force. The necessary disposition being made, my whole line again moved forward to the attack at about 3 p. m. Here the fighting was of unparalleled fierceness along the whole extent of my line. The position of the enemy along the entire length of his lines was covered by fencing, heavy timber, or thick underbrush, while of my troops advanced through open fields, exposed to a deadly fire of batteries operating over the enemy's line of infantry. Here, as in the assault upon the outer works, we had little artillery in action, it being impossible to procure such position for my batteries as would enable them to cooperate effectively with the infantry. After continuous and most desperate fighting along the whole extent of my line of nearly two hours

