
front, each in rear of its ordnance and supply train, except Moore's brigade, which constituted the advance guard. After crossing the Tuscumbia Moore's brigade was hurried forward to protect Davis' Bridge across the Hatchie, which was threatened by an advance of the enemy. It being found that the enemy was in force, the remained of Maury's division was ordered forward, and finally I was ordered to move up the whole of my command. Moore's brigade, with a section of the Saint Louis Battery and Sengstak's battery, were thrown across the Hatchie, but the enemy having possession of the heights commanding the crossing, as well as the position in which these troops were placed, and it being found that he was in very heavy force, it was deemed advisable to cross the Hatchie by another road, and these troops were withdrawn after serious loss to the east side of the Hatchie, where, being joined by Cabell's and Phifer's brigades, and, assisted by the batteries of McNally, Hogg, Landis, and Tobin, they effectually checked the advance of the enemy. Green's division, which had been delayed by passing the wagon train that had been parked near the Tuscumbia, arriving on the ground, was formed in line of battle, but the enemy making no further effort to advance the whole of my command were moved off by another route, General Lovell's command being in our rear. This was our last engagement with the enemy.

In this engagement we lost four guns, occasioned by the killing of horses. Our whole wagon train came off without molestation or loss, except a few wagons that were broken down and had to be abandoned.

The history of this war contains no bloodier page perhaps than that which will record this fiercely contested battle. The strongest expressions fall short of my admiration of the gallant conduct of the officers and men under my command. Words cannot add laster to the fame they have acquired through deeds of noble daring which, living through future time, will shed about every man, officer, and soldier who stood to his arms through this struggle a halo of glory as imperishable as it is brilliant. They have won to their sisters and daughters the distinguished honor, set before them by a general of their love and admiration upon the event of an impending battle upon the same field, of the proud exclamation, "My brother, father, was at the great battle of Corinth."

The bloodiest record of this battle is to come. The long list of the gallant dead upon this field will carry sorrow to the hearth-stone of many a noble champion of our cause, as it does to the hearts of those who are to avenge them. A nation mourns their loss while it cherishes the story of their glorious death, pointing out to their associate officers in this mighty struggle for libery the pathway to victory and honor. They will live ever in the hearts of the admiring people of the Government for the establishment of which they have given their lives.

Of the field officers killed were Colonels Rogers, Second Texas Infantry, who fell in the heart of the town of eleven wounds; Johnston, Twentieth Arkansas, and Daly, of the Eighteenth Arkansas; Lieutenant-Colonel Maupin, First Missouri Cavalry (dismounted), and Lieugh, Forty-third Mississippi; Majors Vaughn, Sixth Missouri Infantry; Dowdell, Twenty-first Arkansas, and McDonald, Fortieth Mississippi.

Many of my ablest and most gallant field officers are wounded, several mortally. Of this number are Colonels Erwin, Sixth Missouri Infantry; MacFarlance, Fourth Missouri Infantry; Pritchard, Third Missouri Infantry; Moore, Forty-third Mississippi, and McLain, Thirty-seventh Mississippi; Lieutenant-colonels Pixlee, Sixteenth Arkansas; Hedgpeth, Sixth Missouri Infantry; Terral, Seventh Mississippi Bat-

