
tallion; Lanier, Forty-second Alabama; Hobson, Third Arkansas Cavalry; Matheny, Twenty-first Arkansas; Campbell, Fortieth Mississippi, and Boone, Fifteenth Arkansas Infantry; Majors Senteny, Second Missouri Infantry, Keirn, Thirty-eighth Mississippi; Slaton, Thirty-seventh Alabama; Timmins, Second Texas; Jones, Twenty-first Arkansas; Russell, Third Louisiana; Yates, [Thirty-sixth Mississippi], and McQuiddy, Third Missouri Cavalry.

For other casualties in officers and men I beg leave to regear to lists* inclosed.

I cannot close this report without recognizing the eminent services and valuable assistance of Brigadier-Generals Maury, Hebert (whose services I regret to have lost on the morning of the 4th by reason of his illness), and Green, commanding divisions. I bear willing testimony to the admirable coolness, undaunted courage, and military skill of these officers in disposing their respective commands and in executing their orders. Through them I transmit to Brigadier-General Moore and acting Brigadier-Generals Cabell, Phifer, Gates, and Colbert my high appreciation of their efficient services on the field. Their skill in maneuvering their troops and promptness and gallantry in leading them through the most desperate conflicts elicit my highest admiration; and of my troops as a body I can say no juster or more complimentary words than that they have sustained and deepened and widened their reputation for exalted patriotism and determined valor.

To me personal staff I return my thanks for their promptness in the delivery of my orders and their gallant bearing on the field.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of West Tennessee.

Numbers 109.

Report of Brigadier General Martin E. Green, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade and First Division, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

OCTOBER 19, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by that portion of the army under my command in the recent engagement at Corinth:

On the morning of the 3rd instant, being in command of the Third Brigade, of the First Division, commanded by Brigadier-General Hebert, I was ordered to take position on the left of the Fourth Brigade, forming a line in front of and 300 or 400 yards from the enemy's opened upon us with great fierceness a fire of shell and grape, doing us, however, but little harm, wounding a few men.

About 12 o'clock we were ordered to advance. Our skirmishers, being in front of our lines, soon drove the enemy's skirmishers inside of the fortifications, where they endeavored to make a stand and opened upon us with musketry. We continued to advance rapidly. The enemy fled and we took possession of the fortifications. The order being still

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

