
daylight with 120 men of my regiment to ascertain his whereabouts and strength. At a point known as the Cumberland Iron Works he was found to be in strong position. I at once had a few men dismounted to act as skirmishers, who speedily drove in the pickets, and, following up with two companies, it was soon ascertained that most of the enemy's force were dismounted, and using, at a distance of from 10 to 20 yards, the muskets recently captured at Clarksville. A 6-pounder was also brought to bear upon us, and finding it somewhat annoying I ordered Company B, under Lieutenants Summers and McNeely, to charge and take the piece. This was done in the most gallant style, the piece being upset and the carriage broken to pieces and rendered perfectly useless. Parts of Companies A and L, under Captain Lower and Lieutenant Gallagher, were started forward to the support of Company B, while Company D, under Captain Baird, was held in reserve. The enemy's cavalry was at once put to flight, but finding that with cavalry alone the infantry could not be dislodged from their hiding places, I reformed my command in an open space and waited for more than an hour for his appearance. Failing to draw him out, and both men and horses suffering much from fatigue and want of food, I returned to Fort Donelson. During the skirmish all behaved with the utmost coolness.

I lost in killed 1 officer [Lieutenant Summers] and 3 men; wounded, 1 officer [Lieutenant McNeely] and 13 men, of whom 6 were captured, and 5 men captured who were not wounded. The enemy's loss is not known.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

W. W. LOWE.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters District of Western Tennessee, Corinth, Miss.

FORT DONELSON, September 2, 1862.

I now have reliable information that the loss of the enemy in fight of Tuesday, 26th, at Cumberland Iron Works, was 35 killed and wounded. I have twice made a reconnaissance beyond the Iron Works. All is going well; am almost ready. Can I be furnished with a small amount of secret-service money? I have some valuable spies who ought to be paid. Answer at once.

W. W. LOWE.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

AUGUST 26, 1862.-Skirmish near Rienzi, Miss.

REPORTS.

Number 1.-Brigadier General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

Number 2.-Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry.

Number 3.-Colonel Philip H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General Gordon Granger, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Rienzi, Miss., August 28, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to inclose a report from Colonel Sheridan, commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division, of skirmish with

