
Third was and held the third in reserve. In this position we skirmished for a short time with the enemy. Receiving word from Colonel McLain commanding Fourth Brigade, that there was danger of his left being turned by the enemy, and that if attempted he would be unable to prevent it, I ordered the Second to move to the left of the Fourth, placing the Third in its original position. I then ordered a forward movement, directing the Second and Fourth to move forward en echelon, throwing their left forward, so as to come to a charge at the same time of the right. At the time I ordered to forward movement I sent for re-enforcements, believing that we would need them, for I could see the enemy had two lines of fortifications, bristling with artillery and strongly supported by infantry. Our lines moved across the railroad, advancing slowly and steadily, our skirmishers constantly fighting with those of the enemy, driving them back. When within 200 yards the command was ordered to charge at a double-quick. The whole line now moved forward with great rapidity. Officers and men all seemed eager to be foremost in reaching the fortifications, but it was a hard road to travel, climbing over logs, brush, and fallen timber, while masked batteries of the enemy opened upon us at almost every step with great slaughter, but, nothing daunted, the division pressed forward. The First Brigade, Colonel Gates commanding, arriving at the fortification, drove the enemy from their entrenchments, taking about forty pieces of artillery. the Fourth and Second Brigades having worse roads and the distance being greater, only a portion of them were able to reach the entrenchments, and the left, being in danger of being outflanked, fell back.

Lieutenant-Colonel Maupin, of the First Missouri Cavalry (serving as infantry), fell while gallantly leading his regiment in the charge on the enemy's fortifications, bearing his regimental colors.

Colonel Moore, I fear, was mortally wounded while leading the third Brigade on a charge in town. He fell near the depot and was left on the field.

Major McLain, commanding Fourth Brigade, was severely wounded in the charge.

Major McQuiddy, who was wounded on the day before in the arms, but would not leave his command (Third Missouri Cavalry), was severely wounded in the thigh.

Major Yates, of Thirty-sixth Mississippi, was also severely wounded, as was also Colonel Pritchard, of the Third Missouri Infantry.

Re-enforcements again being sent for, General Cabell came up with his brigade, but before he could get to the fortifications Colonel Gates' ammunition was exhausted and he fell back. The fire then became terrific. General Cabell was unable to retake the fortifications, and the whole line fell back on the hill in the rear of the batteries. Here I received orders to move the division back on the hill beyond the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. Before reaching that point I received an order to continue the march until further orders. We encamped early in the evening on the right of the road opposite.

Sunday morning I was ordered to resume the march, marching in the rear of General Maury's division. Before reaching the Hatchie I received an order to push forward; that General Maury's division had engaged the enemy on the Hatchie and needed assistance. I pushed forward as rapidly as the men could possible travel. When we arrived, however, we found General Cabell's force falling back in good order. I was ordered to form on the left of the road in a field behind the fence. We threw out skirmishers, who soon engaged those of the enemy and

