
drove them back. The Fourth Brigade came upon a body of the enemy's skirmishers; charged and repulsed them. We here lay still for about half an hour, the enemy in sight every minute expecting to move forward, but instead we received orders to fall back, which we did without any interruption of the enemy, though they still continued throwing shells, as they had been doing all the time. Here I had 3 or 4 men slightly wounded. I was then ordered to move my division out on the Bone Yard road.

At the crossing of the Hatchie I received orders to proceed to the Ripley road and bivouac for the night, which I did in line along the road toward Pocahontas, throwing out pickets to give notice of the approach of the enemy.

The next morning I resumed the march in good order toward Rippley.

During the fight and on the retreat both officers and soldiers have shown themselves as brave as the most sanguine could desire. All did their duty well, and were I to particularize I would not know where to begin. I cannot, however, refrain from acknowledging my obligations to Captain William B. Pittman for his promptness in conveying an order through the field when the very atmosphere seemed filled with shot, shell, grape, and canister; also to Major Theo. Johnston, who acted as volunteer aide, and who conveyed orders with great dispatch through the hottest firing regardless of danger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARTIN E. GREEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Army of the West.

Numbers 110.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Hawkins, First Texas Legion, Second Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST TEXAS LEGION,October 11, 1862.

COLONEL: Having been ordered to give a report of the engagement at Davis' Bridge on the 5th I respectfully submit the following:

On the morning of October 5, at 7.30 o'clock, I received an order from Major-General Van Dorn to report with my command and a section of Captain Dawson's battery, commanded by Lieutenant Olds, to Colonel Wirt Adams, at Davis' Bridge, on the Hatchie, and in a few minutes I moved and hastened to obey the order from General Van Dorn, when I met Colonel Adams at the point above mentioned at about 8.30 o'clock with 360 effective men. Colonel Adams ordered me to post the Legion on the east bank of the Hatchie, which I did, and remained in line of battle some three-quarters of an hour. Colonel Adams then ordered me to cross the stream and take a position in line of battle on the west side of the stream, with the right wing of the Legion a few yards below the bridge and with the left wing, viz, Companies E, G, H, and M, moved by the left flank above the bridge about 100 yards, to move forward in line of battle. I then moved forward, leaving the Hatchie, 500 or 600 yards into an open field under a galling fire of grape-

