
shot and shell from a battery advantageously posted din our front and supported by an overwhelming force of infantry, their line extending as far as I could see on my right. I had moved up to and was occupying the position indicated by Colonel Adams, when the enemy got into position with a second battery farther to my left and opened a terrific fire of grape-shot. At this moment one of General Maury's staff -I do no know his name-came up and ordered that I should fall back to a position for the purpose of flanking the enemy's artillery. I moved back in good order and halted opposite to and on the left of the section of Dawson's battery commanded by Lieutenant Olds, which had been put in position by order of General Maury near the road about 150 yards west from Davis' house, and which was used with much skill-and with coolness and bravery seldom witnessed-by the lieutenant until he was compelled to leave the field in consequence of having exhausted his ammunition. I then fired upon the enemy's infantry as they emerged from under cover of fences, ditches, and hedges in large forces both in front and on my right and left and held them in check in front, but only to see a regiment moving up rapidly on my right to prevent our reaching the bridge, and was therefore compelled to retire or fall into the hands of the enemy with the five companies above mentioned. When I reached the bridge with these companies I found that the right wing-under command of Senior Captain J. T. Whitfield, and composed of the following companies: I, D, K, M, C, F, and L-was crossing to the east side of the Hatchie by order of Colonel Ross, of the Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry. General Moore then came up, and ordered that inasmuch as it was impossible to hold a position near the bridge to move back to a position which he would indicate. I then met with General Price, who ordered me to the Second Brigade, as it was then coming up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. HAWKINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding First Texas Legion.

Numbers 111.

Report of Brigadier General Dabney H. Maury, C. S. Army, commanding Division, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,Camp on Tippah, October 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that this division of the Army of the West moved from Ripley toward Corinth on September 30, numbering 3,896 infantry, five light batteries of four guns each, and 881 cavalry.

On the morning of October 3 we moved at daylight from our camp near Chewalla to attack the enemy in Corinth. The division was formed in line of battle near Walker's house, north of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, Moore's brigade with its right resting near the railroad; Phifer's brigade was formed on Moore's left, extending to Hebert's division, and Cabell's brigade was held in reserve. The lien faced Corinth and the enemy's advanced line of entrenchments. The sharpshooters of Moore's and Phifer's brigades, under Colonels Rogers, Stirman, and Bridges, soon became briskly engaged with those of the enemy and forced them back into their entrenchments.

