
At 10 a. m. our whole line moved forward and the strong outworks of the enemy were carried without a check. Moore and Phifer at once pushed on toward Corinth in pursuit of the retreating enemy. When within little more than a mile of the town they were halted. Moore was moved toward his right to unite with the line of General Lovell, which was advancing along the south side of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, and soon encountered a heavy force of the enemy, whom, after a fierce combat, he drove before him. Soon afterward he was re-enforced by two regiments of Cabell's brigade, under Colonels Johnson and Dockery. The advance was then resumed and moore became hotly engaged with the enemy, occupying a field work or intrenched camp. This he carried by assault, capturing the camp and its stores. Phifer, advancing, was met near the Mobile and Ohio Railroad by a strong force of the enemy, whom, after an obstinate combat, attended with heavy loss on both sides, he drove back into Corinth, and was then halted, with his left resting within 400 yards of the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, his right being a little thrown back. Cabell was sent to support Phifer's right, now separated by a wide space from Moore, and was soon afterward withdrawn to support Hebert, who was threatened by a flank movement of the enemy toward his extreme left.

About dark Moore was drawn in toward his left until his line united with Phifer's, and the troops lay on their arms in these positions during the night.

Just before daylight Major Burnet placed the batteries of Tobin, Sengstak, and McNally upon an advance ridge about 600 yards from Corinth and opened fire upon the town. One of these pieces, while taking position, being thrown by Captain Tobin rather too far beyond his supports, was surprised and captured by the enemy's sharpshooters. Captain tobin was made prisoner at the same time. At daylight all of these guns were withdrawn and the fire of the division was maintained by the sharpshooters only, who boldly and incessantly, under Rogers, Stirman, and Bridges, harassed the enemy.

I had been ordered to await the attack of Hebert's division on my left before advancing to storm the town. Soon after 10 o'clock the firing upon my left became sharp. and Moore and Phifer were at once advanced. Cabell's brigade was moved closer up and held in reserve. In a few minutes the fusillade became general along the whole line of the Army of the West, and Cabell's brigade was ordered in to support of Gates' brigade, the next on Phifer's left. The brigades of Generals Moore, Phifer, and Cabell were gallantly led by their commanders to them, planted their colors within them, drove the enemy from them, and held them until forced back by the overwhelming reserves of the enemy. The division was then reformed and marched back to encamp near Chewalla.

Next morning it moved toward Pocahontas. When within 5 miles of Davis' Bridge couriers from Colonel Wirt Adams, who had been guarding that point, apprised us that the enemy was advancing in force to seize it before we could cross. Moore's brigade-now reduced to about 300 men-was pushed forward, and with the Saint Louis Battery and two guns taken from the enemy at corinth, all under Major Burnet's orders, marched across the bridge and formed with the view of storming the heights of Metamora, but they were too few and too late. The enemy's artillery and infantry, already in position, swept them away, and were close upon the bridge before Phifer's brigade, commanded by Colonel Ross, could cross and form to meet them. We lost four of our guns

