
here. Nothing remained for us to dispute the enemy's passage over the bridge and to hold him in check as long as possible. This was gallantly done for more than an hour by the remnants of Moore's, Phifer's, and Cabell's brigades, and by the batteries of Hogg, Sengstak, Dawson, Lieutenants Moore and Miles, superintended by Major Burnet. they were all then ordered to retire and take up a new position within the timber. This was done in good order, and, the enemy not advancing, the whole division was withdrawn and put upon the march by another route, our rear being covered by General villepigue's brigade. Last night the division bivouacked at this point.

I inclose herewith the reports of the several brigade commanders, and refer you to them for more detailed accounts of the actions than I can give.

I can bear honest testimony to the fidelity and valor of the officers and troops under my command. The instances of gallant conduct would include too many for me to mention here; but there are two men of humble rank whose conspicuous courage and energy at Davis' Bridge attacked general attention and admiration. One is Earnest Goolah, chief bugler of Ross' regiment. The other is Benjamin J. Chandler, a private of Company C, Slemons' cavalry. I recommend them to the most favorable consideration of the general commanding as worthy of the honors due to conspicuous courage upon the battle-field.

My staff officers were always prompt, intelligent, and gallant.

I inclose the reports of our losses.* You will observe that they have been very heavy; but, sir, we remember that our noble dead fell in the streets and int he innermost fortifications of Corinth, and that our torn colors have floated in triumph over the very stronghold of the foe.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

Captain J. M. LOUGHBOROUGH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 112.

Report of Captain Edward H. Cummins, C. S. Army, Acting Inspector-General, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.

NEAR HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS.,

October 11, 1862.

DEAR GENERAL: Knowing that your patriotism embraces the whole country and that your heart is with all our armies alike, I make no apology for sending you what I intend to be a brief account of our recent expedition and disaster:

On the morning of October 3, with about 15,000 or 16,000 effective men, we attacked Corinth on the northwest side, Lovell, with three brigades, forming our right, and Price, with seven, our left. The attack commenced about 8.30. By 11 o'clock we had felt our way up to the rifle-pits which we constructed last spring about 3 miles from the town, and about 12 o'clock we stormed them. They were not obstinately defended and our loss was small. Lovell then took the south side of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and we the north and

---------------

*See Return of Casualties in the Army of West Tennessee, p. 383.

---------------

