
General Maury has looked over this and says it is clear and correct.

Here is a list of our division casualties:

 Killed. 	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Aggregat

 	 	 	 e.

Officers	 34	 121	 46	 201

Men	 211	 805	 1,381	 2,397

Total	 245	 926

 	 1,427

 	 2,598

We took in less than 3,900. God bless you, my dear general, and send us better days.

Your devoted friend and servant,

E. H. CUMMINS.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, C. S. Army.

Numbers 113.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Moore, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HEADQUARTERS MOORE'S BRIGADE,MAURY'S DIVISION, ARMY OF THE WEST,

Camp, Lumpkin's Mill, near Holly Springs, Miss., Oct. 13, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the actions of the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant:

This brigade was composed of the following regiments, to wit, Second Texas, Colonel W. P. Rogers; Lyles' Arkansas regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Pennington; Boone's regiment Arkansas Volunteers, Colonel William S. Barry; Forty-second Alabama Volunteers, Colonel John W. Portis, and Bledsoe's battery, Captain H. M. Bledsoe, making five regiments and one battery. Total effective strength about 1,892.

On the morning of the 3rd we formed line of battle near the road leading from Pocahontas to Corinth and distant about half a mile from the enemy's outer works. Our brigade here occupied the right of the line formed by Maury's division, our right resting on the Mibile and Ohio Road, and Lovell's, our right, beyond the road. Soon Lovell's forces engaged the enemy, and our brigade was ordered forward across a corn field to their support, with instructions to halt on reaching the timber on the opposite side and await further orders. On reaching the point designated a part of the Second Texas and one company of the Thirty-fifth Mississippi were thrown forward as skirmishers and were at back within their entrenchments. We here lost a few men and Major W. C. Timmins, of the Second Texas, commanding the skirmishers, was wounded.

We were now ordered forward to assault the enemy's works. We advanced in a well preserved line of battle, considering the difficulties of the ground, and on reaching the fallen timber in front of the enemy's entrenchments we charged and carried the enemy's works with but little opposition, except on our left, where the Forty-second Alabama was exposed to a heavy fire, though their loss in killed and wounded was but

