
into our right flank from the direction of the corn field which was at first in our front. I am satisfied that this fire came from a line which had been previously formed in the field and concealed by lying down in the grass and corn. We now saw that we must either fall back or be surrounded. The order was given, and the bridge being now sept by the enemy's fire, the men crossed at such points of the stream as they found most convenient. In crossing many of them lost their guns. This means of collected they joined Phifer's and Cabell's brigades and continued the fight.

Our loss at the bridge was considerable, making the entire loss of the brigade during the three days very heavy, as will be seen by the accompanying report.* It is impossible at present to make an accurate report of the killed, wounded, and missing in battle, as the Thirty-fifth Mississippi dispersed after the fight at Davis' Bridge, there being now present but some 40 men and 1 line officer-Lieutenant Henry. From the best information we can obtain we are assured that many of the officers and men have gone to their homes. This conduct on their part is astonishing and unaccountable, for the regiment acted nobly and did good service during the three days' fighting. It is to be regretted that its commander, Colonel Barry, was not present on the 5th, he having been sent to Corinth under a flag of truce to bury the dead. He is a gallant and efficient officer, of whom his State may well be proud.

Without a single exception to our knowledge the officers, one and all, did their duty nobly during the several engagements. If I mention one in this connection I must mention all or do injustice.

Corpl. J. A. Going, of the Forty-second Alabama, deserves particular notice. He was color-bearer, and though once shot down he gallantly bore the flag through the fight on the 4th.

Private Morgan, of Company H, Boone's regiment, is reported as having acted with great gallantry.

The flag of Lyles' regiment was torn into tatters by the enemy's shots, and when last seen the color-bearer, Herbert Sloane, of Company D, was doing over the breastworks waving a piece over his head and shouting for the Southern Confederacy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. MOORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

Captain D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 114.

Report of Brigadier General William L. Cabell, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. CABELL'S BRIGADE, MAURY'S DIVISION,October 10, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by my brigade in the engagements before Corinth on 3rd and 4th and at the Hatchie Bridge on the 5th instant:

My brigade consisted of Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth,and

---------------

*Embodied in Number 106, p.383

---------------

