
Colonel Cravens, Twenty-first Arkansas, acted nobly and had his horse shot under him.

Colonel Dockery, Lieutenant-Colonels Dismukes and Fletcher, Majors Williams and Wilson, distinguished themselves by their daring and gallantry; also Captain Ashford, who commanded the battalion of sharpshooters, Major Rapley being absent sick.

After being repulsed by an overwhelming force I received an order to fall back with what was left of my brigade with the remainder of the army, which I did, taking all the knapsacks and blankets I could with me to the camp near Chewalla, on the south side of the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, where we remained until the morning of the 5th.

I only numbered, all told, on the morning of the 5th, previous to marching to Davis' Bridge, across the Hatchie River, 550 men. Mine was the rear brigade in the division, and was, owing to the order of march of that day, some distance in rear of the advance brigade, which became engaged with a greatly superior force of the enemy immediately after crossing the Hatchie River. When the cannonading in front was first heard I was then crossing the Tuscumbia River, a distance of 5 miles. I received an order from General Maury while crossing the river to move rapidly to the front to the support of General Moore. I moved forward then as rapidly as possible, at the double-quick most of the way, until I reached the field of battle, which was then on the east side of the river, and where General Phifer's brigade, with my battery of artillery, which I had sent in advance was hotly engaged with the enemy. I immediately, after ascertaining the position of the enemy, formed line of battle and placed my line on the right of General Phifer's brigade. The enemy opened fire on us at once. We replied instantly and continued to keep up a perfect musketry up a perfect musketry duel for about an hour, when I formed my cartridges giving out. I immediately issued about 10 rounds of cartridges to the man and renewed the fire which was continued until the enemy had ceased firing, except their skirmishers, and cartridges had given out. I sent word to General Maury that my ammunition out and that I could only hope to hold the ground with bayonet should the enemy's cavalry attempt to charge us. General Maury ordered me to fall back to the timber and get ammunition. After receiving this order I withdrew my (men in good order with a loss of not more than 2 killed and 8 wounded, a thing unprecedented, considering, the obstinacy of the fight that had been going on for nearly an hour and a half. While withdrawing my men my horse, which had become very frantic, fell on me and injured my thigh and hip very seriously, completely paralyzing my left leg. I, however, formed my line and gave the command of the few that were left to Colonel Dockery, as I was unable to walk.

In this action, as well as in the engagements of Friday and Saturday, I cannot particularize. Every officer and man seemed willing and anxious to meet the enemy, had the gallant and daring charge made on the enemy's breastworks and the obstinacy with which they stood in an open field and fought an enemy partly concealed in the woods for an hour and a half at Hatchie River will bear testimony to the fact, and gives them a just claim to the admiration and gratitude of the State and country, and will cause them to mingle their tears with the survivors for the heroes who have fallen.

My personal staff-Major John King, adjutant-general; Captain Balfour, inspector-general; Lieutenant Marshall Hairston, aide-de-camp-were all distinguished for their daring and bravery. I am under many obligations for the promptness with they assisted me in every engagement;

