
gagement; also to my volunteer aides, Lieutenant Lemuel Shepperd and Mr. Templeman, who were conspicuous for daring gallantry in every engagement under every fire.

Major Hooper, brigade quartermaster, and Major Smith, brigade commissary, as well as the surgeons of the whole brigade, deserve my especial during the whole expedition.

Captain Burnett, with his officers of artillery; Lieutenant Hogg, commanding Appeal Battery, with his officers and men, deserve especial notice for the skill and efficiency with which they handled the battery and poured the shell and grape into the enemy's ranks.

Before closing I must return my sincere thanks to the officers and men who have survived for the promptness, daring, and cheerfulness with which they have executed every order, and ask them never to forget the daring and heroism of the noble dead. Arkansas, although for a while cast in gloom for her lost sons, can look with pride to the daring and gallantry of their sons, and console herself with the happy thought that her soldiers are equal to any and second to none among those who are battling for Southern independence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. CABELL,

Brigadier-General, commanding Brigade.

Captain FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Maury's Division.

Numbers 115.

Report of Major General Mansfield Lovell, C. S. Army, commanding First Division, District of the Mississippi, including engagement at Hatchie Bridge.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., ARMY OF THE DIST. OF MISS.,Holly Springs, Miss., October 13, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my division in the recent operations around Corinth:

On the 2nd instant the division repaired and crossed the Tuscumbia Bridge 15 miles from Corinth, and moved forward, the cavalry, under Armstrong and Jackson, in advance. We moved to Chewalla, skirmishing lightly with the enemy for several hours, and occupied the camp just abandoned, capturing some tents, quartermaster's commissary stores.

On the 3rd we moved forward, Villepigue's brigade in advance, skirmishing more heavily with a force of the enemy, composed of two regiments of infantry, a section of artillery, and some cavalry, until we drove them across Indian Creek. At this point their artillery fire became more frequent. Here we took and abandoned 12-pounder howitzer. The bridge was repaired under fire, and I crossed the whole division, consisting of Rust's brigade on the right, Bowen's in the center, and Villepigue's on the left. The enemy occupied with his artillery a high hill at the crossing of the State Line road with the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, with rifle-pits extending north and south, affording, with the hill, a strong position for about 3,300 men. The skirmishers were then re-enforced and the whole line ordered to the assault, with reserves behind each brigade. The conflict was short and bloody. Our troops,

