
emerging from the dense undergrowth, rushed upon the hill and rifle-pits with the most determined gallantry, routed and drove off the enemy, causing them in their hasty retreat to abandon a 20-pounder Parrott gun and caisson, with the libber of another gun.

In this assault the following regiments are named as particularly distinguishing themselves, viz: The Ninth Arkansas, Colonel Dunlop, and Third Kentucky, Colonel Thompson, of Rust's brigade; the Twenty-second Mississippi, Captain Lester commanding; Caruther's Mississippi Battalion, and the First Missouri Regiment, Colonel Riley, of Bowen's brigade, and the Thirty-third Mississippi, Colonel Hurst, of Villepigues' brigade. The hill was carried mainly by the Ninth Arkansas and Twenty-brigade-second Mississippi, each vying the other in the dashing gallantry of their charge. The enemy's camps half a mile beyond the position were taken and held by the First Missouri Regiment.

Rust and villepigue were thrown in advance in line of battle and Bowen was posted on the hill until we should hear from Price's command on our left. On our right front was a strong redoubt, well flanked with infantry and with an abatis of felled timber half a mile in width extending around it in one direction but with no obstructions to the north in the direction of Price's right. This fact I communicated to the major-general commanding, and shortly afterward the works was attacked and gallantry carried from its right rear by Moore's brigade, while Bowen was ordered to turn its left with his brigade from our side. Having replenished our ammunition, the whole division was moved forward and formed in line on the ridge south of the railroad, Villepugue and Bowen in front and Rust in reserve. I received orders from the general commanding to move forward, cautiously gelling our way along the ridge to develop the position of the enemy. Before advancing far night put an end to the operations of an arduous and fatiguing but glorious day.

In the night I was notified by the commanding general that early in the morning Price would open with a large battery of artillery and then attack in force with this left, and that while thus engaged my division should press forward and attack with vigor on our right.

Accordingly at daylight the division was moved forward in line along the ridge for a mile and a half, with some very heavy firing of infantry on Villepigues' left and artillery on Bowen's right. Rust, hitherto in reserve, moved up and occupied the center, the line advancing until within a few hundred yards of two strong works of nine guns each protected by heavy infantry forces. While reconnoitering these position with a view to the assault I received an order from the commanding general my strongest brigade to the support of Price's center, which was being overpowered by large re-enforcement of the enemy. This order was obeyed, and I was about to move the remaining brigades to the left to close the gap made by detaching Villepgue, when the further order was received to retire, covering the retreat of the army. The division was withdrawn from under the very guns of the works without the slightest confusion and in the most excellent order. Villepigue crossed the railroad, and with his artillery, under Major Watts, put an effectual check upon the pursuit of the enemy's cavalry. Rust's brigade was put in position on the hill carried the day before until everything had been withdrawn across Indian Creek, when he followed, bringing up the rear to Chewalla, where the division was reunited.

The march was resumed on the 5th, this command acting as rear guard to the army. Before reaching Tuscumbia Bridge an order was

