
received from the general commanding to press forward with two brigades to the support of Price, who was checked by large re-enforcement of fresh troops at Hatchie Bridge. Leaving Bowen's brigade as a rear guard on the Corinth road Villepigue and Rust were pushed forward rapidly. The former arriving first was put in line of battle on the road to Hatchie Bridge to hold the enemy in check in that direction, while Rust was directed to proceed with General Price in advance to the crossing at Crum's Mill, where it was decided to pass the army over. Villepigue held enemy back with skirmishers. Bowen, however, was attacked in force on the other road, but repelled the attack with great slaughter to the enemy and but little loss to his own command. They were driven clear from the field, when he crossed the Tuscumbia and burned the bridge, all wagons having been passed over in safety. The Fifteenth Mississippi distinguished itself particularly on this occasion.

From the Hatchie to Hickory Flat, 40 miles, this division continued as they rear guard to their army, frequently forming of battle, when the enemy was reported to be coming too near, cheerfully toiling along through heat and dust and undergoing long marches, loss of sleep, and want of food with a fortitude worthy of the most unqualified admiration. Good order, discipline, and subordination suffered no relaxation under this severe and trying ordeal.

To the commanders of brigades-Generals Rust, Villepigue, and Bowen-my thanks are especially due. Displaying their well-known and approved gallantry on the field they evinced sound judgment, discretion, and ability in handling their troops both in action and on the march, achieving signal successes with small loss. The admirable condition in which the division returned to this point is the best proof of their merits.

Surgeon Hawes, chief medical officer of the division, performed his duties quietly, systematically, and with the utmost efficiency. Our wounded, with very few exceptions, were brought into this depot.

My thinks are due to the officers of my staff-Lieutenant-Colonel Ivy Captains Toutant Quitman-for their assistance on the field and in the conduct of the retreat. Being few in number, additional labor devolved upon them. Their duties wee performed cheerfully, coolly and with a deliberate gallantry which caused me to repose the greatest confidence in them.

The following-named commanders of regiments are mentioned particularly by their brigade commanders for their courage and efficiency; Colonel Thompson, Third Kentucky; Captain Ashford, Thirty-fifth Alabama; Colonel Dunlop; Ninth Arkansas; Captain Lester, Twenty-second Mississippi; Colonel Riley, First Missouri; Colonel Hurst, Thirty-third Missouri; Colonel Shelby, Thirty-ninth Mississippi.

For the names of other officers who particularly distinguished themselves you are respectfully referred to the reports of the brigade commanders herewith transmitted.

Colonel Jackson, commanding cavalry brigade, acted under my orders during a portion of the time, always displaying the coolness, courage,and efficiency for which he has heretofore been remarkable.

The loss in my command during the operations was 77 killed, 285 wounded, and about 200 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

M. LOVELL,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major M. M. KIMMEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

