
line the officers and men were subjected to a test it is rarely the lot of soldiers to undergo. They were equal to the occasion. For a mo ment it appeared that the entire line would be swept away. The gaps that the enemy's artillery plowed through the ranks were closed up with coolness and steadiness of veterans of a hundred's fields. On my left Captain D. H. Norwood and Lieutenants Kennebrew and Moore fell killed and Lieutenant Kerr and Bailey, of the Ninth Arkansas Regiment, wounded, while on my right Captain Felton was killed and Captain Mitchell and Lieutenants Hunter, Lawler, and Collier, of the Thirty-fifth Alabama Regiment, were severely wounded, bravely leading and by their example inspiring their men with their own unqualing courage. In a few seconds I here lost over 100 men and officers.

To have halted or hesitated would have brought certain destruction upon my command. I ordered bayonets fixed and a charge made upon the battery. The order was obeyed with cheers and yells, and by making a detour to the left, to avoid the deep cut in the railroad, the Ninth Arkansas was soon in possession of the enemy's strong position we had assaulted and one fine gun, which the enemy was unable to get off, closely followed by the Thirty-fifth Alabama, under Colonel Crump. After advancing some 300 yards down the railroad I halted and reformed my men and marched again to the south side of the railroad, and remained in position until a fort and large camp in fort and large camp in front of us was evacuated in consequence of a most determined attack by a portion of General Price's command on their rear.

Late in the evening I was ordered forward and bivouacked in line of battle in the midst of the forts and camps of the enemy and inside of battle in the midst of the forts, and camps of the enemy and inside of an abatis which extended entirely around their exterior line of defense.

On the morning of Saturday, the 4th, the whole division advanced in line of battle toward the fortifications of the enemy on College Hill, General Villepigue on the left, General Bowen on the right in front, and my own brigade following close in the rear as a reserve to support either or both, as occasion might require. When within 200 or 300 yards of several forts, behind which long lines of infantry behind formidable-looking breastworks with abatis again in front, were plainly visible, the enemy opened a most rapid fire from their artillery, which my entire command sustained with the most gratifying steadiness, not an officer or man leaving his position or exhibition, so far as I could perceive, the least discomposure.

About 9.30 o'clock I moved my brigade to the front and left of the advanced line occupied by General Bowen, who was ordered far to the right, and General Villepigue was withdrawn to re-enforce a portion of General Price's line, which, after the most stubborn and heroic resistance to vastly superior numbers of what was afterward known to be fresh troops, was wavering.

In a very short time it was announced by the major-general commanding that our friends on the left had been compelled to give way and abandon the field, and I was ordered to fall back to the position first taken from the enemy near where the road from Chewalla to Corinth crosses the railroad, and there form line of battle in the most advantageous position to cover the retreat of our army. In perfect order, but as quickly as possible I selected a line of great strength, with skirmishers deployed on a line a mile in extent and three-quarters of a mile in advantage of my main line, from I could repel an advance of the enemy upon the two roads and the railroad leading to Chewalla, and awaited the withdrawal of our forces. Remaining exactly forty minutes after Colonel Riley passed, I moved my brigade in the direction taken

