
and wounded [sabered] I cannot doubt. Orders were given to take no prisoners. I report to you all I know. Of course the first report, like camp stories, are always more or less exaggerated.

The only thing that could look like a surprise was the running away of Captain Eaton, Second Iowa Cavalry, at the head of his men, instead of patrolling the country as he was ordered to do. He is being tried on charges which will cost him his life if proven. Of course you can't blame Sheridan for the willful neglect and cowardice of one of his officers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. GRANGER,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT,

Chief of Staff, Army of Mississippi.

Number 2. Report of Colonel Edward Hatch, Second Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY, Camp near Rienzi, Miss., August 27, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report:

Learning the pickets of my command had been driven into the camp on adjournment of court-martial at Rienzi, Miss., I rode to that post, where I found four companies of my regiment awaiting orders.

Complying with order from General Sheridan to move forward and attack and drive the enemy as far as Hatchie River, moved forward rapidly, came up with the enemy about 2 miles from there, drove in his rear guard, and at Harris', 5 miles from camp, found the enemy drawn up in battle line, about 250 to 300 cavalry; charged them immediately, breaking their line and routing them. Kept up a running fire upon their retreating columns as far as B, about 8 miles from camp, where the enemy again formed, and were again charged and broken. The enemy then fled by three routes in great disorder. Dispatching Companies E and M, under command of Lieutenant A. Scherer, on the Dry Creek and Ripley road by the way of Skerrell's Mill, pushed forward on the main Ripley road, dismounted Companies C and G, attacked the enemy in Hatchie Bottom, driving them out rapidly and putting them to flight.

The enemy being utterly routed, our horses breaking down from a run from 12 to 20 miles and excessive heat, night coming on, I was obliged to sound the recall.

Please find report marked A, Lieutenant Scherer, of operations on the Dry Creek and Ripley road after leaving me.* Returned to camp same night, having had 6 men wounded, 4 horses killed and badly wounded by the enemy, and having lost 4 from fatigue and the excessive heat. We destroyed a very large amount of arms and ammunition and captured 8 prisoners.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel, Commanding.

First Lieutenant GEORGE LEE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

