
I had lost sight of all of my regiments except the Thirty-third Mississippi, so that after capturing the entrenchments considerable time elapsed before my scattered regiments could be collected and the line reformed. During the rest of the day the brigade was engaged in executing orders from the major-general commanding the division, but was not actively engaged with the enemy.

Early the following morning the brigade advanced as directed until under the fire of the enemy's artillery, which, together with the fire from the enemy's sharpshooters, was very heavy, causing many casualties. Under these circumstances the conduct of the troops was excellent and could not be surpassed. Later in the morning it became necessary to fall back from this advanced position to defeat an attempt of the enemy to turn my left flank, which was accomplished in good order and the enemy repulsed in gallant style and with considerable loss. This last action having caused the whole left wing of the army to attack the enemy's right, the enemy did not again appear in my immediate front, and the brigade remained idle until ordered across the railroad to cover the movements of the left wing of the army, which had been withdrawn. While performing this service the enemy's cavalry once appeared in sight and it became necessary to disperse them, which was done by Major G. O. Watts by a few rounds from one of his batteries.

I wish to mention for conspicuous gallantry Colonel D. W. Hurst, Thirty-third Mississippi Regiment, who drove the enemy from their entrenchments at the head of his regiment with empty guns; Colonel W. B. Shelby, Thirty-ninth Mississippi Regiment, who rallied his men at great personal fire of the partial disorder into which they had been thrown by a flank of the enemy.

The following officers of my staff were with me on the field and rendered me important service of my staff were with me on the field and rendered me important service in conveying orders, &amp;c.: Captain Kinloch Falconer, assistant adjutant-general; Major J. P. Carr, acting commissary of subsistence, and Captain Belton Mickle, assistant quartermaster.

I transmit the reports* of the different regimental commanders, giving the detailed operations of the respective commands. I also inclose a list of the killed, wounded, and missing.+

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. B. VILLEPIGUE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD IVY,

Asst. Adjt. General First Div., Army of the Dist. of Miss.

Numbers 118.

Report of Brigadier General John S. Bowen, C. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, including engagement at Hatchie Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, LOVELL'S DIVISION,Holly Springs, Miss., October 12, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to forward herewith reports* from my several commands in regard to the part taken by the actions of the 3d, 4th, and 5th instant at and near Corinth:

It will be seen that-passing over the deployments between Chewalla

---------------

*Not found.

+Embodied in Numbers 106, p. 384.

---------------

