
Number 3. Report of Colonel Philip H. Sheridan, Second Michigan Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, CAV. DIV., August 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my cavalry pickets on the Ripley road were attacked about 2 o'clock yesterday afternoon by a large force of the enemy, say 700 to 800. The pickets were rapidly driven in, followed by a small detachment of the enemy to the vicinity of my camp. The command was quickly turned out, and Colonel Hatch, of the Second Iowa, was directed to attack the enemy with two battalions of his regiment, supported by Colonel Lee with two battalions of the Seventh Kansas, the Second Michigan being held in reserve, upon the approach of this force. The enemy, after exchanging a few shots, broke and ran, closely followed by Colonels Hatch and Lee, who were directed to drive them beyond the Hatchie. The enemy made a second stand at Howland's Store, but were so vigorously attacked that they again broke and fled, this time scattering in every direction. From this point to within 5 miles of Ripley there was a complete rout. The road was strewn with shot-guns, hats, coats, blankets, dead horses, &amp;c.

Colonel Falkner, commanding this rebel force, was so hard pushed that he separated from his command on one of the little by-paths and made his escape. He left us his hat, however, as did nearly the whole of his command. The pursuit was continued to within 5 miles of Ripley and until after dark, when the command was ordered to return to camp with their jaded and worn-out horses.

Our loss in this affair is 2 badly and 4 slightly wounded, and 4 or 5 missing, some of whom I think will come in. The loss of the enemy I am unable to state. It was understood that they were guerrillas. Unfortunately 11 prisoners were brought in. Two hundred shot-guns, 20 horses, and a large number of pistols were also brought in.

The effect of this rout must be very discouraging to the enemy. I doubt if they will ever fully collect together again. All but three companies were raw levies. The effect of the pursuit on the part of our own men was fine, adding still to their confidence in each other, which has already been inspired by past successes.

I cannot speak too highly of the promptness with which the command turned out, being ready and in pursuit of the enemy in fifteen minutes after the first information of their approach was received.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,P. H. SHERIDAN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Captain W. C. RUSSELL,

A. A. G., Cav. Div., Army of the Miss.

AUGUST 27, 1862.-Skirmish near Kossuth, Miss.

Report of Colonel Albert L. Lee, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

HDQRS.2nd Brigadier, CAV. DIV., Rienzi, Miss., Sept.27, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I received to-day the following telegram:

SEPTEMBER 26, 1862.

Colonel LEE:

The general commanding is informed by General McArthur that in the skirmish your men had with guerrillas some time ago on the Kossuth road your men left their

