
Van Dorn in person, the enemy eluding us and escaping into Bolivar-I asked General Van Dorn if he intended to attack Bolivar. he replied to me that he would not sacrifice his men against the fortifications. These two remarks led me to the conclusion that up to the time of the junction with General Price no attack was contemplated against Corinth.

At 4.30 p. m. the court adjourned to meet at 9 a. m. on the 16th instant.

SUNDAY, November 16, 1862- 10 a. m.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major General Sterling Price, Brigadier General D. H. Maury, and Captain E. H. cummins, recorder.

It being Sunday, the court adjourned to meet at 9 a. m. on Monday, the 17th instant.

MONDAY, November 17, 1862-10 a. m.

The court ment pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major General Sterling Price, Brigadier General Lloyd Tilghaman and D. H. Maury, Captain E. H. Cummins, recorder, and Major General Earl Van Dorn.

Reading the proceedings of yesterday was waived by the court.

General BOWEN resumed his testimony.

By RECORDER:

Question. State all the facts in your knowledge pertinent to the first specification of the second charge.

Answer. The retirement from Corinth took place about 2 o'clock on the 4th, General Price being in the advance, General Rust covering the rear. The march was directed to Chewala, the enemy not pursuing us that afternoon. The men on the morning of the 5th were in excellent condition, my brigade especially seeming to feel complimented that they were detail as the rear guard. There was no demoralization or breakdown; they were entirely recuperated. The march of the 5th was necessarily tedious-a tedious one on account of the light of the train and the battle which was fought at Hatchie impeding our entire movement. The enemy's advance overtook the rear guard and were repulsed in two skirmishes. The second skirmish, about sundown, seemed to check their advance and stop pursuit for the night. The march of the 6th was without any special incident, except that we had orders on arriving in camp that we would remain there several days. This camp was about 7 miles north of Ripley, the object being to afford the troops rest and time to recuperate. The morning of the 7th, at 3 o'clock, I was ordered out with my brigade, and marched, together with Rust and villepugue, under General Lovell's command, about 3 miles north of our camp. At this point General Lovell told me that it was a stampede and turned the command back.

By COURT:

Question. What was the impression made upon your mind by the remark of General Lovell?

Answer. That the alarm was a false one; that the enemy not advancing on our position; that the movement to repel or check them was therefore useless.

By RECORDER:

Question. Continue your statement with reference to the first specification of the second charge.

Answer. After countermarching we moved to within about 4 miles of Ripley, where Lovell's division was drawn up in line of battle, General Rust on the right, myself in the center General Villepigue on the left. General Lovell left us at this point and went in the direction of Ripley to report to General Van Dorn. On his return to the command, about three hours afterward, the brigade commanders were together in the center discussing their position. I had asked General rust to assume command and was seconded by General Villepigue, the officers having first discovered

