
Answer. The orders received from General Lovell were to go via New Albany to Hickory Flat, and that he had orders from General Van Dorn to encamp about 12 miles from their position, near Ripley. I think Orizaba is the point he intended to reach, though I did not know it by that name.

Question. The useless delay of Lovell's division in front of Ripley when we were all without rations; the marching and countermarching of the trains through Ripley, by which they were delayed so long that many of the men in the division failed to procure rations that night. I am unable to say from whom these orders emanated. The subsequent suffering of my brigade resulted from want of knowledge of the route by General Lovell.

Question. Were you in a position to know the reasons for the movements of the trains or even of your division?

Answer. I was in position to know. The cavalry, I would state, who covering our left and rear, reported directly to the division.

Question. Do you not think that General Van Dorn may have had sources of information that would cause the changes you refer to in regard to the trains?

Answer. I think not.

Question. Do you hear when you were near Ripley that the enemy had appeared to the east of Ripley and that their advance was then about 7 miles off?

Answer. I did; heard it from General Van Dorn's headquarters first about 4 o'clock in the evening and when the column was about 3 miles from Ripley. I had heard a rumor before that, but did not credit it.

Question. You state that on the first occasion of going out from the camp, 7 miles north of Ripley, General Lovell said it was a stampede. Afterward, 3 miles north of Ripley, you formed line of battle again, and received word from Colonel Jackson that the enemy were advancing on all the roads. Was this the same day?

Answer. It was.

Question. Were any rations due your men when you arrived at Holly Springs?

Answer. About three or four day's.

Question. When was the first issued you, according to your returns?

Answer. I cannot remember-about the 12th; according to back return, on the 10th. My requisition was made on the 12th. The former rations expired on the 10th.

Question. When did you first draw rations after reaching Holly Springs?

Answer. The first bread rations were issued on the 15th or 16th.

Question. Did you get all the parts of the rations at any time before this, except bread or flour?

Answer. The men had beef and the small rations.

Question. What where the means at the disposal of General Van Dorn for getting rations?

Answer. He had a railroad for their transportation. I had bought quantities of flour sufficient for twelve regiments at Davis' Mill for then days. The railroad connection was complete to Davis' Mill when arrived at Holly Spring. If the mill had been run to its full capacity and the flour brought down I think it would have been sufficient for the command for a day or two; at least local mills in the neighborhood could have furnished corn near.

