
dead and wounded on the field in a shameful manner. He wishes an investigation and report through Colonel Mizner and copy sent to these headquarters.

H. G. KENNETT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

On the 27th of August a battalion of Seventh Kansas and a battalion of Second Iowa Cavalry were ordered to scout the country about Kossuth, under command of Major Coon, of the Second Iowa Cavalry. Arriving at Kossuth, Major Coon directed Captain Malone, of the Seventh Kansas, to proceed with two companies of that regiment in a northwesterly direction toward or to the Hatchie River. He proceeded to the river, a distance of 10 miles, and saw no enemy. Returning, when distant from Kossuth 5 miles, and passing a ravine, he was fired on from an ambuscade. Four men were killed and 8 wounded. The column immediately recovered from the confusion consequent on this volley and charged on the enemy, driving them from their shelter and scattering the force, killing 2 and wounding several. A messenger was sent to Kossuth to inform Major Coon of the occurrence. He soon came up. Meanwhile an ox wagon had been procured, in which were placed our dead and such wounded as could not mount their horses. The column soon after moved to Kossuth. Captain Malone there placed [with a family] one of his men so badly wounded that he could not travel. [This man died that night.] He also dug graves for his dead and placed them in the graves, when Major Coon ordered him to move forward, fearing an attack. He employed a citizen to fill the graves, which was immediately done. A messenger in the mean time had reached camp, and I had sent ambulances to bring in the wounded. These met the column a short distance this side of Kossuth and relieved the ox wagon, which was still doing duty. The graves I found. A funeral service was performed, and a head-board marks the place.

Of course General McArthur cannot be personally cognizant of the assumed facts he reports. His informants are guilty of propagating a vile slander. The Seventh Kansas in their history of a year have never left on a field their dead or wounded or left a field before an enemy.

I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division.

Lieutenant W. S. BELDEN,

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. Cavalry Division.

August 30-SEPT.1, 1862.-Operations on the Mississippi Central Railroad.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

August 30, 1862.-Skirmish near Bolivar, Tenn.

31, 1862.-Skirmish at Medon Station, Tenn.

Skirmish near Toone's Station, Tenn.

Sept.1, 1862.-Skirmish at Britton's Lane, near Denmark, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Number 1.-Brigadier General Leonard F. Ross, U. S. Army, commanding District

of Jackson, Tenn., of operations August 30-September 1,

1862.

Number 2.-Colonel Marcellus M. Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry,

commanding Second Division, District of Jackson, Tenn.,

of skirmish near Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862.

