
Question. Do you know that they could? Do you know whether or not any effort was made to get meal from the neighboring mills?

Answer. Yes; Lumpin's Mill could have furnished it, and others, if they had been set to work prior to our arrival. An effort was made by the whole commissary department on our arrival, but the supply was not adequate and two or three days coming in.

Question. Did you get any rations for your command from the commissary department on the road from Corinth to Holly Springs? If so, how much?

Answer. I borrowed and 11 barrels of flour from General Rust. I got none from the commissary, but he offered to issue me beef at Hickory Flat.

Question. Do you member anything of a train of provisions having arrived at Ripley from Holly Springs?

Answer. No; but they may have arrived and my commissary received some provisions.

Question. Did you see General Van Dorn often on the march from Davis' Mill to Corinth and from Corinth to Holly Springs? If so, did you see him at any time intoxicated or otherwise not in a condition to discharge the duties of a commanding general?

Answer. I saw General Van Dorn repeatedly on the march to Corinth and two or three times on the retreat. He was perfectly sober, and wa, so far as I could judge, active and energetic in discharging his duties as commanding officer.

Cross-examination finished.

By the COURT:

Question. How far from the forks of the Rocky Ford road and Tippah Crossing road, on the Rocky Ford road, did General Price's command proceed?

Answer. I do not know that they proceeded over 2 miles.

Question. Did the troops on any two consecutive days from the 5th to the 9th inclusive make what could be called a long march?

Answer. Yes.

Question. State the length of the marches on the 4th, 5th, 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th days.

Answer. On the 4th to Chewalla, 8 miles; on the 5th, 18 or 20 miles; on the 6th, 8 miles; on the 7th, Lovell's division marched about 22 miles; on the 8th, 20 miles, and on the 9th, about 10 or 12 miles, not over.

Question. At the camp south of Ripley when you left at 1 o'clock in the morning, had your men supped the night before?

Answer. They had.

By DEFENDANT.

Question. Had they breakfasted the same morning?

Answer. They had not.

The court adjourned at 4 p. m. to meet again Tuesday, November 18, at 9 o'clock.

TUESDAY, November 18, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major Gens. S. Price and D. H. Maury, Provisional Army Confederate States; Brigadier General L. Tilghman, Provisional Army Confederate States, and Captain E. H. Cummins, Provisional Army Confederate States.

