
and heavily manned. There seemed to be two or ranks of infantry behind; the artillery very thick. I did not count them. There were about (some said) seventy-five pieces. These fortifications had been much improved during the night.

Question. Did you see General Van Dorn often on the march to Corinth and on the return to Holly Springs? If so, did you at any time see him intoxicated or in any way incapacitated for the discharge of his duties as commanding general?

Answer. I did not see him very often, but when I did see him I never saw him incapacitated in any way. During the time referred to I saw General Van Dorn at least twice-once going into battle nd the second time when the retreat was ordered. On both these occasions he appeared as he always does. I never have seen General Van Dorn at all out of the way at any time.

Dr. T. D. WOOTEN, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

By RECORDER:

Question. Have you any knowledge of the facts alleged in the third specification, second charge? If so, state the facts.

Answer. I have no knowledge of any of the facts alleged in the specifications.

Major General STERLING PRICE, being duly sworn, deposes as follows:

By RECORDER:

Question. Did General Van Dorn have in his possession or make us of maps of the roads and localities about Corinth?

Answer. He had in his possession one of the best maps I have ever seen made by any engineer officer. I gave it to him myself at Ripley before we went to Corinth, which map was taken from a Federal engineer officer captured at Iuka.

Question. Did General Van Dorn avail himself of your Engineer Corps?

Answer. I think he did. I think they were called upon and superintended the construction of the bridge near Pocahontas. My impression is they were ordered to report to General Van Dorn.

Question. Were your engineers acquainted with the localities about Corinth?

Answer. Somewhat; I think so. One of them in the service of General Beauregard at Corinth in construction road, and must necessarily have been acquainted with the country.

Question. Was your supply of commissary stores insufficient when you marched to the attack?

Ames. Yes, and I so informed General Van Dorn. General Van Dorn replied to me that he would spare me some rations on the way to Corinth, which he did. He also informed me that he would send to Holly Springs for an additional supply of rations, which he thought would reach Corinth nearly as soon as the army. He at the same time called upon me for all the wagons I could spare from my command, with a suitable officer to take charge of the train on that service. I think I turned over about 50 wagons from my command and the officer, as directed. I further heard General Van Dorn give instructions to one of his officers to hire for the same purpose all the wagons that could be procured I the country . We met one train of those wagons, as I was informed, near the Hatchie Bridge on the day after the last day's fight at Corinth-Sunday. When we reached Ripley on the retreat General Van Dorn informed me that there were 40 wagons loaded with provisions at that place, and that he had given instructions to turn over half the provisions to my command and the other half to General Lovell. I immediately sent my commissary to receive the rations turned over to my command, which he received. My army corps was about two-thirds of the whole army.

Question. Were your troops marched in a hasty or disorderly manner when going to Corinth?

Answer. I thought not too much so. I am rations they were not marched in a disorderly manner, and I am sure not too rapidly under the circumstances. I think there was no suffering among my troops on that account, notwithstanding they had marched rapidly to and from Iuka. I did not think even under these circumstances that the march was too basty.

Question. Was it obvious to your mind that the attack should have been continued Friday afternoon or that success was prevented by waiting until next morning?

Answer. It was not obvious to my mind that the attack should have been continued on Friday afternoon. In attacking the outer fortifications, after a brisk march of 8 miles that morning, my command had to charge through felled timber near a quartermaster of a mile in distance in extremely warm weather, and after carrying those fortifications they pursued the enemy some half mile rapidly, and in following closely after my army I came to many soldiers who many soldiers who had fallen with sunstroke and exhaustion. I halted my command and had those exhausted soldiers cared for and rested the army perhaps an hour. When General Van Dorn himself came up we then continued the pursuit and soon engaged the enemy. The battle continued until near sundown, the greater portion of which time the firing was terrific. My

