
Question. Were your men starving at any time during the retreat?

Answer. No; there was more irregularity in the issue of supplies at ordinary times. If the subordinate officers had attended to their duty respecting issues of supplies and cooking there was mo reason why the men should be suffering for supplies, Ripley in retreat, and I understood in camp that evening that sufficient supplies were drawn by the troops. I refer in all this to my own division.

Question. Did your troops after reaching Lumpkin's mill, suffer by reason of the non-issue of breadstuffs?

Answer. I do not think they suffered when they first arrived there. I remember reports being made to me that breadstuffs were not at hand, but I think that a sufficient quantity of sweet potatoes was secured by the commissary to meet their immediately wants, and in the course of the day the breadstuffs were issued as usual.

Question. Have you any knowledge of the alleged facts in the third specification of the second charge?

Answer. None; I do not recollect to have heard anything of the kind until I heard that charges and specifications had been preferred against General Van Dorn on account of it. I know nothing of the

charge or specification.

By DEFENDANT:

Question. Your division was immediately in front of the town of Corinth . How far during the night of the 3rd were your pickets from the enemy 's line of sharpshooters?

Answer. Within gunshot, I understood; probably not 100 paces apart.

Question. In what way could a reconnaissance of the interior defenses of Corinth have been made on the night of the 3d?

Answer. It was not possible to make one.

Question. Can you explain the marching and countermarching of General Price's corps near Hickory Flat about where the Rocky Ford roads leaves the Holly Springs road?

Answer. General Price's army crops moved off to the left on the left on the Rocky Ford from the Holly Springs road in order to encamp upon good water about three-fourths of a mile-perhaps a mile; moved back next day to get on the Holly Springs road. On the day we marched off the road my division did not march more than 5 miles altogether.

Question. State what was the condition of General Van Dorn on the battle-fields of the 3d, 4th, and 5th as to sobriety. State your opportunities of judging, and also how long you have known General Van Dorn, and what were his habits as to sobriety since you have known him.

Answer. General Van Dorn was entirely free from any perceptible influence of liquor during the whole of the 3d, 4th, and 5th. I saw him repeatedly during all of those days. I was constantly with, him that is near him and in communication with him, from daylight on the morning of the 3rd until daylight on the morning of the 4th and saw him several times and was with him a good deal on the 5th. I think I first made his acquaintance in Monterey in September 1864. Early in February last I joined his military family as chief of his staff and continued in constant association with him in that capacity until June, when he left his army in Pineville to go to Vicksburg and I feel sure that he is not unduly addicted to the of liquor.

The court adjourned at 4 p. m. to meet at 9 o'clock on the 19th.

