
Question. Do you know whose orders the wounded were sent to the cars?

Answer. No, I do not.

Question. Where was General Van Dorn when the wounded left Holly Springs?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Do you know that no one was in charge of the wounded soldiers referred to?

Answer. Only from what I heard from them and other men.

Question. By whose orders did they continue on the route next day?

Answer. I do not know. I only the train passed Coffeeville the next morning.

Question. How many cars were there?

Answer. I do not know how many cars were in the train.

Question. Did you go through all of them to find an officer?

Answer. No, I did not go through all. I went through about five.

Question. What time of night was it that you hunted or inquired for an officer?

Answer. Some time between 10 and 11 o'clock.

Question. Were persons asleep in the cars at that time?

Answer. I saw no one asleep.

Question. Did you inquire of the conductor of the train whether there was an officer in charge of the wounded?

Answer. I could not find the conductor.

Question. At what hour did the train start from Holly Springs?

Answer. I do not know; it was ahead of us, and we started at 8 o'clock in the evening.

By the COURT:

Question. Did you examine the wounds to see if they were dressed or not?

Answer. I examined one man's wounds (he was wounded in both legs) that had not been dressed.

General RUST was recalled for the prosecution.

BY RECORDER:

Question. State any additional particulars bearing on or corroborative of your evidence.

Answer. I wish my testimony in regard to the wounded to refer to their condition up to the time of their leaving Holly Springs, having heard and knowing nothing of their treatment after leaving Holly Springs. With regard to the subsistence with which I was supplied on the retreat, at Mr. Cooper's, the second camping place this side of Ripley, I was applied to by the commissary of General Villepigue first for rations or subsistence. I replied I would divide so long as I could do so without disfurnishing my own troops; whereupon the commissary loaned General Villepigue 9 head of beef cattle, 10 sacks of meal, 3 barrels of flour, and 31 pounds of salt. At the same place loaned to General Bowen 11 barrels of flour, 100 pounds of salt, and calling upon my commissary for information upon these points he exhibited the receipts for those articles.

