
Colonel ROBERT LOWRY, Sixth Mississippi, sworn.

By RECORDER:

Answer. Yes, they were insufficient. On our arrival at Corinth at the close of the first day's fight our commissary stores were exhausted, and on the retreat we had a very limited supply, and a portion of the time we were without any. I remember that at one time beef was given to me without any bread orsalt, and I did not kill it. After consultation with my men I drove it on.

Question. On your march to Corinth were your troops marched in a hasty or disorderly manner?

Answer. On your march as troops would generally be. There was no disorder in our division.

Question. Are you aware of any circuitous or unnecessary marching on the return from Corinth?

Answer. I think there was some unnecessary marching. We went considerably out of the way on this side of Ripley. My brother, who was with me and who was acquainted with the country, called my attention to the fact that several miles might have been saved. I do not remember any other instance.

Question. After encamping near Holly Springs did your troops suffer by reason of the non-issue of breadstuffs?

Answer. After encamping at coldwater, a few miles from Holly

Springs, we were without rations, I think, for two days. We then had for one day, I think, bread and the next meat. I do not remember which we got first, but we did not have both together. During this time I sent out my wagons and purchased some 40 or 50 bushels of potatoes, which the officers purchased themselves. I think afterward this was done again, and the men were thus subsisted. I made several appeals to the general commanding my brigade. I may be incorrect as to the time. There may be some slight inaccuracy, but very little.

Question. Do you know that any wounded soldier were detained one or more nights at Water Valley?

Answer. I do not.

Cross-examined by DEFENDANT:

Question. You say at the close of the first day's fight at Corinth your commissary stores gave out. Where were the commissary stores at that time?

Answer. I am not able to say.

Question. Were your ordered at Davis's Bridge to cook rations for three days?

Answer. That is my recollection.

Question. Why did your troops have no provisions when the attack was made on Corinth?

Answer. We had rations until the close of the first day's fight. I am not prepared to say.

Question. You say on the retreat that some miles might have been saved. Do you know why the brigade or division to which you belong was marched on the road you did take?

Answer. Do not know the reason we were ordered on that road.

