
Number 3.-Colonel Mortimer D. Leggett, Seventy-eight Ohio Infantry,

commanding First Brigade, of skirmish near Bolivar, Tenn.,

August 30, 1862.

Number 4.-Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, of

skirmishes at Medon and near Toone's Station, August 31,

1862, and at Britton's Lane, near Denmark, Tenn., September

1, 1862.

Number 5.-Brigadier General Frank C. Armstrong, C. S. Army, of skirmish near

Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862, and at Britton's Lane, near

Denmark, Tenn., September 1, 1862.

Number 1. Report of Brigadier General Leonard F. Ross, U. S. Army, commanding District of Jackson, Tenn., of operations August 30-September 1, 1862.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF JACKSON, Jackson, Tenn., September 7, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of troops under my command during August 30 and 31 and September 1 instant:

On the morning of August 30 I received a dispatch from Colonel M. M. Crocker, commanding at Bolivar, that that post was threatened by a large force advancing from the south, and subsequently that Colonel Leggett had been sent out to make an attack on the advancing column of the enemy; that a skirmish had taken place with a force supposed to be about 4,000 strong and that re-enforcements had been asked for and sent forward. Feeling that an attack was being made on Bolivar I took the first train for that place. On arriving I ascertained that a severe skirmish had taken place 4 miles south of Bolivar between the forces under Colonel Leggett, consisting of the Twentieth and Seventy-eighth Regiments of Ohio Volunteers; four companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg; two companies of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, under Major Puterbaugh, and one section of artillery, and the whole rebel force.

After a skirmish of about seven hours by our infantry, our artillery was brought to bear upon the enemy; this, followed by a gallant charge of our cavalry, under Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, drove the enemy from the field. In this charge Colonel Hogg fell, while engaged in a hand-to-hand fight with Colonel McCulloch, by a shot fired by one of McCulloch's men. Night coming on, our forces fell back to within supporting distance of the balance of the division, formed a line of battle, and awaited a renewal of the attack. In the morning the enemy was nowhere in sight, but I heard that his main force had moved to our right and had gone north. Fearing an attack on Jackson in force, the place being but weakly garrisoned, without fortifications, I directed that Colonel Dennis, stationed at Estanaula, with the Twentieth and Thirtieth Illinois Volunteers, two companies of cavalry, under Captain Foster, and one section of artillery, return at once to Jackson, for which place I took the first train.

Within an hour of my return I was informed that the telegraph wires were cut and the railroad bridges fired between here and Bolivar, and that four companies of the Forty-fifth Volunteers at Medon, under Captain Palmer, were attacked by superior numbers. Six companies of the Seventh Missouri Volunteers, under Major Oliver, were at once sent forward to re-enforce Medon. Orders were also dispatched to Colonel Dennis, who was moving toward this place, to change his direction toward Medon, attack the enemy in the rear, and if possible cut them to pieces and capture them.

