
Captain L. H. KENNERLY, First Missouri Regiment, was duly sworn.

By RECORDER:

Question. Do you know that any wounded soldiers were detained one or more nights at Water Valley?

Answer. Yes.

Question. When and how long were they detained?

Answer. A day or two after arrival of the army at Holly Springs. They were detained from about 10 o'clock at night until about 8 o'clock next morning, at which time we passed Coffeeville.

Question. Were their wounds undressed?

Answer. I cannot say.

Question. Were they without blankets?

Answer. Many of them were.

Question. Were they crowded on the cars?

Answer. They were crowded, but not uncomfortably crowded.

Question. Were they without food or nourishment?

Answer. Several of them informed me that they were without provision.

Question. Where were they going?

Answer. They did not know. I endeavored to ascertain that fact, but no one could tell me.

Question. Was there no surgeon, officer, nurse, or attendant with them?

Answer. They so stated to me; the wounded men so stated.

Question. Do you know by whose order they were placed upon the train?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know why they were detained or by whose order?

Answer. I was informed by the wounded men that the conductor refused to go any farther that night?

Question. Did you inquire of the conductor why he did not go on?

Answer. I did not. I went to look for him but could not find him.

The testimony for the prosecution closed.

TESTIMONY FOR THE DEFENSE.

Major General STERLING PRICE called.

By DEFENDANT:

Question. If Corinth had been carried do you think the present base of operations of the enemy would be theirs or ours?

Answer. I do not entertain a doubt but that it would have been ours.

Question. Would the fall of Corinth have tended to the result of freeing west Tennessee from the occupation of the enemy?

Answer. I think it would for the time being.

Question. Assuming that General Bragg, with a force inferior to the enemy in his front, should be compelled to fall back into Tennessee, the west part of which being then in the occupation of the enemy, with a garrison at Nashville (small), in Middle Tennessee, if Corinth

