
that we should be watchful that the enemy not re-enforced by the command of Rosecrans.

Question. Was the attack on Corinth a subject of correspondence between yourself and General Van Dorn before you met at Ripley? If so, how long before?

Answer. It was a subject of correspondence between us some several weeks before our junction at Ripley. I do not recollect the precise length of time.

Question. Was the army, as far as you saw them in fine spirits on the evening of October 3 at Corinth?

Answer. Yes.

Question. If Corinth had been carried and in consequence West Tennessee freed would not the efforts of the enemy to dislodge our army have prolonged the contest until late in the season, when military movements are difficult?

Answer. I have not doubt of it.

Question. Do you know of any indisposition among the officers of your corps to attack Corinth?

Answer.

Question. Do you know of any neglect on the part of General Van Dorn to perform the duties devolving upon him as commander of the army in the expedition to Corinth and on the retreat?

Answer. I do not. I think he displayed great energy and activity.

Question. Do you know whether or not General Bragg had been deceived as to the strength of the enemy in West Tennessee or that he had calculated upon this army joining him in Kentucky or of co-operating with him from West Tennessee?

Answer. Judging from his telegraphic dispatches and letters which I have received from him he must have been greatly deceived as regards the strength of the enemy in North Mississippi and West Tennessee, and that he expected a movement of my troops earlier than my movement on Iuka. One of the his telegraphic dispatches stated that Rosecrans had arrived at Nashville with a large portion of his forces and was in a council of war only a few evenings prior to his sending the dispatch,and that dispatch I received at Iuka about the time I was fighting Rosecrans and the whole of his army, I think not less than 28,000 strong.

Question. Did the troops under your command carry the interior works of Corinth on the morning of the 4th and enter the town of Corinth?

Answer. They did.

Major General D. H. MAURY, for the defense.

By DEFENDANT:

Question. Were you chief of staff of General Van Dorn during the whole time that the Army of the West, under his command, was at Corinth before its evacuation by General Beauregard? If so, will you state your opinion as to General Van Dorn's knowledge of the country around Corinth topographically?

Answer. I was chief of his staff during the whole of that time, and General Van Dorn was occupied, from the time he first came to Corinth in April until he left it about June 1, a great deal in making himself acquainted, by personal reconnaissance and by maps and by interrogating guides and scouts and the people who lived in the vicinity, with all of the surroundings of Corinth bearing

upon its military defense or attack and topography. My belief is and was that he was as well informed about the topography of Corinth and its vicinity as any other one officer who was there. I frequently

