
THURSDAY, November 20, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present: Major General Sterling Pricxe and D. H. Maury, Provisional Army Confederate States; Brigadier General Lloyed Tilghman, Provisional Army Confederate States; Captain E. H. Cummins, recorder, and Major General Early Van Dorn.

The reading of the proceedings was waived by the court.

Lieutenant THOMAS F. TOBIN, of Hoxton's battery, was duly sworn.

By DEFENDANT:

Question. Were you engaged in the battle of Corinth?

Answer. I was.

Question. If so, in what capacity and in what division and corps?

Answer. I was commanding a battery in the artillery reserve of General Maury's division, commanded by Major Burnet, in General Price's corps.

Question. Were you taken prisoner by the enemy?

Answer. I was.

Question. If so, state on what day and hour.

Answer. On Saturday, October 4, about 4 o'clock in the morning.

Question. Where were you taken?

Answer. On the road that leads between Forts Williams and Robinett.

Question. Where were your ordered to report?

Answer. I was ordered by General Stanlye to report at some landing on the Tennessee River; I think it was Hamburg Landing.

Question. By whom?

Answer. General Stanle.

Question. To whom?

Answer. To General Rosecrans, at sunset that evening.

Question. How far from Corinth was the point at which you were taken prisoner?

Answer. Not over three-fourths of a mile from the depot.

Question. Under what circumstances were you taken?

Answer. I was ordered by Major Burnett to follow him on the straight road, which I did. As I came across our line of infantry to the crest of the hill I halted my battery and with my bugler advanced about 30 yards, when I was taken by a company, I suppose, of sharpshooters, which were in advance of the enemy's line, as well as I could judge.

Question. After you were taken prisoner, state, if you know, if any portion of our army carried the interior works around Corinth.

Answer. Yes.

Question. What troops, if you knew them?

Answer. General Maury's division (nearly all of it, I think) and the First Brigade of General Green's division, commanded by Colonel Gates, carried everything before them.

Question. State whether they entered the town.

Answer. They came into Corinth, driving the enemy across the high bridge over the Memphis and Charleston Railroad and beyond General Polk's old headquarters, which was outside of the town. The artillery of the enemy went out as far as General Price's old headquarters.

