
mand and have been connected with him ever since. Have known him intimately from 1857 to 1861. I knew him on the frontier of Texas and in the Indian country; since that time in various portions of the Confederacy, principally in the valley of the Mississippi and Western Texas.

Question. Was General Van Dorn addicted to drinking? Was he or was he considered a drunkard during this time?

Answer. He was not addicted to drinking. On the contrary he was one of the most temperate men I ever saw. In my whole intercourse with him in Texas I never saw him take a drink at all, and I have been with him in such places, at such times, and under such circumstances that if ever a man would take a drink that would be about the time.

Question. Did you move with the army on Corinth? Were you frequently in the presence of General Van Dorn on that expedition?

Answer. I did move with the army and was frequently in his presence.

Question. Did you see him on the battle-field of Corinth?

Answer. I did.

Question. Was he intoxicated or in any degree under the influence of liquor?

Answer. He was not.

Brigadier General LLOYD TILGHMAN, commanding First Division of General Lovell's army corps, was duly sworn.

By DEFENDANT:

Question. Can you state with any accuracy the period at which the returned prisoners were exchanged, their, number and when received in our army, also your means of knowledge?

Answer. As the officer placed in command by the Secretary of War of exchanged prisoners, and intrusted with the reorganization of all such as were to arrive at Vicksburg, more especially those captured at Forts Henry, Donelson, Madrid Bend, and Island Numbers 10, I proceeded to organize the same at Jackson on their arrival there early in September. There were reported to have arrived at Vicksburg by Commissioner Watts over 15,000, about 3,000 of whom were immediately sent to General Bragg and the Army of Western Virginia. A number were discharged on surgeon's certificates, and about 8,000 aggregate, organized into regiments, battalions, and companies, in accordance with special with instructions from General Bragg. About September 22 I was authorized to announce as finally exchanged about 2,000. On October 7 I was authorized to announce the exchange of all delivered up to that date at Vicksburg or registered for exchange at Vicksburgs as final and complete. A part of the 2,000 ex changed on September 22 were sent to near Ponchatoula by order of General Van Dorn. About one regiment, about-, was also sent to Port Hudson. Though I was urged frequently by Generals Van Dorn and Price to send forward the troops allotted to their several commands on the plea of the urgency of the case, I was forbidden to do so by my orders until the exchange was ratified. So soon as the announcement was made of the ratification of the exchange no time was lost night or day in equipping and sending forward as fast as railroad transportation could be obtained every available man of the exchanged prisoners, together with two field batteries from Vicksburg, assigned to this command. The last of the troops referred to did not reach Holly Springs until about October 14. The whole number of troops sent to Holly Springs was about 7,800 aggregate, well equipped in every respect, save transportation, which they were entirely without.

Question. Waiting for the wagons and teams intended for this command on the way up from Jackson, and to purchase in the vicinity enough transportation for this command, when could it have been put in the field?

Answer. With every effort of Major Mims and other quartermasters, including my own division quartermaster-by sending agents far and wide to procure wagons, mules, and horses, leaving nothing undone that active and intelligent agents could perform-I have not now the amount of transportation deemed necessary, with

29 R R-VOL XVII

