
Major Oliver, with his six companies of the Seventh Missouri, moved at once to Medon by railroad, and attacked the enemy vigorously and drove him from the field. The enemy had previously taken prisoners some 40 of our pickets along the line of the railroad, but being driven from Medon and the line of the railroad and closely pursued he retired on the road leading to Denmark. When about 6 miles from Denmark, on the following morning, the enemy's advance was met by the advance forces of Colonel Dennis' command, 800 strong. Both parties prepared for action. Colonel Dennis, selecting a strong position for resisting a cavalry charge, awaited the attack. The forces of the enemy numbered some 6,000. The engagement resulted in a victory to our arms, the most brilliant of the war. The enemy left on the field 179 dead; wounded not known. Our loss is 5 killed and 51 wounded. After this engagement the enemy retired beyond the Hatchie toward La Grange.

For particulars in regard to the above engagements and for lists of killed and wounded I beg leave to refer you to the reports of Colonel Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Volunteers, and Colonel Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Volunteers, inclosed herewith.

In each of these engagements the skill and gallantry of the officers and the cool determined courage of the men deserve the highest commendation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 2. Report of Colonel Marcellus M. Crocker, Thirteenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Division, District of Jackson, Tenn., of skirmish near Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, DISTRICT OF JACKSON, Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862.

Colonel Leggett, commanding the First Brigade, was sent out by me this morning on the Grand Junction road, with one regiment of his brigade; four companies of the Second Illinois Cavalry, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg; two companies of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, under command of Major Puterbaugh, and one section of artillery, with instruction to drive off a force of the enemy's cavalry, supposed to be 150 strong, and reconnoiter the country. Upon arriving at the ground Colonel Leggett at once became engaged with a large force of the enemy's cavalry. The engagement lasted about seven hours, mostly skirmishing, but occasionally becoming a hand-to-hand fight, our forces repelling charges of the enemy's cavalry. About 4 p.m. the enemy drew back, and Colonel Leggett, receiving re-enforcements about that time, did not renew the attack. I then ordered Colonel Leggett to fall back with his entire force to a position inside our picket lines, where he is now stationed, expecting a renewal of the attack at daylight.

We have lost in killed and wounded about 25, Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, of the Second Illinois Cavalry, among the number.

During the engagement to day all the men [infantry, cavalry, and

