
Question. Do you know if all proper arrangements were made to have the wounded sent to hospitals as comfortable as possible?

Answer. I did everything and I believe that everything was done that could have been done. General Dorn told me to call upon him everything I needed and afforded me every assistance in his power, in addition to which he telegraphed to General Ruggles to make preparation for them in his district, in case they could not be taken care of nearer on this side of it.

Question. Do you know of any neglect on the part of General Van Dorn to have the wounded properly attended to or of any report ever having been made to him that they had not been?

Answer. I do not.

Question. If cars with wounded men improperly stopped at Water Valley could it have been prevented by General Van Dorn?

Answer. I think not, because the superintendent of the railroad claims to be governed by General Lee's orders prohibiting military interference with the management of the railroads in regard to running the road, and so expressed himself to me on several occasions-once when I endeavored to get him to bring a load of sick over as far as Oxford off schedule time.

Question. What has been General Van Dorn's usual attention to the sick and wounded in this department?

Answer. His attention has been prompt and kind, so far as I know; more so than any other military officer under whom I have ever served.

By RECORDER:

Question. Were any of the wounded men sent off to the hospitals below with their wounds undressed?

Answer. I suppose, there were. We had not a sufficient number of medical officers to attend to the whole of them. We attended to most of them and as fast as we could.

Question. Were they improperly crowded or herded in the cars?

Answer. Not that I know of. We had to put them pretty close, but not so as to be injurious in any way that I know of. I think it no unlikely that at every station below the stragglers crowded in, and by the time they got some distance below they may have been pretty crowded. There are a great many stragglers besieging every railroad depot.

The following order was received by the court:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. MISS. AND EAST LOUISIANA

Numbers 32. Jackson, Miss., November 18, 1862.

* * * * * *

IV. The court of inquiry now sitting at Abbeville, Miss., in the case of Major General Earl Van Dorn, Provisional Army Confederate States, will, in addition to their present duties, express an opinion upon the facts as elicited, and will further investigate any charge of drunkenness against that officer.

* * * * * *

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

J. R. WADDY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major-General PRICE.

(Through Major General Earl Van Dorn.)

The court adjourned at 2 p.m. to meet again on Saturday morning, November 22.

