
The court then closed for deliberation, and, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, expressed the following opinion:

After a careful investigation of the matters contained in the charges and specifications against Major-General Van Dorn by Brigadier General John S. Bowen the court are unanimously of the opinion that the evidence before it fully disproves every allegation contained in said charges and specifications.

At the request of General Van Dorn, sanctioned by the order of General Pemberton, herewith forwarded, the court investigated the imputations of drunkenness which have been made against General Van Dorn, and report that the testimony before them does, in their opinion, fully disprove said imputation. The court recommended that no further proceedings be had in the case.

LLOYD TILGHMAN,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army C. S.

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General, C. S. Army.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Provisional Army C. S.

E. H. CUMMINS, Captain, Provisional Army C. S., Recorder.

There being no further business before them the court adjourned sine die.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, C. S. Army, President Court of Inquiry.

E. H. CUMMINS, Captain, Provisional Army C. S., Recorder.
HDQRS. DEPT. MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Abbeville, Miss., November 28, 1862.

I. The proceedings of the court of inquiry in the case of Major General Earl Van Dorn, Provisional Army Confederate States, are approved, and I fully concur in the opinion expressed by the court that every allegation made against him is fully disproved and that no further proceedings are necessary.

II. The court of inquiry, of which Major General Sterling Price is president, is hereby dissolved.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

OCTOBER 9, 1862. - Affair near Humboldt, Tenn.

Report of Captain J. Morris Young, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

HUMBOLDT, October 9, 1862.

One of my Tennessee cavalry captains and 11 men out scouting were captured at daybreak this morning at the house of old David Nunns, 18 miles west of here, by a party of rebel soldiers.

Reports also agree as to there being a considerable force of rebels at Brownsville-about 900-and that they are arranging to attack this place; also to concentrate some force at McClellan's to-night at 11 o'clock and destroy the railroad connection. Who am I to report to now?

J. MORRIS YOUNG,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson.

