
artillery] behaved with the greatest gallantry and, though opposed by largely superior numbers, not only maintained their ground but drove the enemy back. The force of the enemy engaged was seven regiments of cavalry.

Yours, respectfully,

M. M. CROCKER,

Colonel Thirteenth Iowa Vols., Commanding Second Division,

District of Jackson, at Bolivar, Tenn.

Captain A. H. RYAN,

Aide-de-Camp and Chief of Staff.

Number 3. Report of Colonel Mortimer D. Leggett, Seventy-eighth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade, of skirmish at Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE,Bolivar, Tenn., September 1, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that about 7 o'clock a.m. of August 30 I received from your orders to take a portion of my command, one section of the Ninth Indiana Battery and two companies of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, and drive back a force of rebel cavalry, reported to be about 400 strong, upon the Grand Junction road and near our lines.

Colonel Force, of the Twentieth Ohio, having received information that a small rebel force was menacing our pickets, very properly took the responsibility in my absence of sending out two companies, under Major Fry, of his command, to guard the lines and feel of the enemy. On arriving at my headquarters I immediately sent 45 of my mounted infantry to support the two companies sent out by Colonel Force, and followed as rapidly as possible with the balance of the Twentieth Ohio and three companies of the Seventy-eighth Ohio, leaving orders for the remainder of the Seventy-eight Ohio to be ready to march at a moment's notice.

The cavalry and artillery had orders to meet me at the picket post at the Grand Junction road, but on arriving at that point I found that neither had got there. I left the infantry at that point under command of Colonel Force to escort the artillery when it should arrive. With my staff I pressed rapidly on to the front to prevent, if possible, an engagement until my main force could come up.

When I reached the advance I found the two companies of the Twentieth Ohio and the mounted infantry deployed in a piece of woodland on the Van Buren road, about 5 1/2 miles from Bolivar, and briskly skirmishing with the enemy. I immediately discovered that we had been deceived as to the number of the rebels, and sent back for the balance of my command to come forward as rapidly as possible. Shortly afterward two companies of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, under Major S. D. Puterbaugh, numbering in all 40, came up.

The nature of the ground being such that cavalry could not be used, some 12 or 14 of those who had carbines dismounted and formed with the infantry. After driving the enemy steadily but slowly for three-fourths of a mile I gained a position where I had a distinct view of the foe and found that I was contending with a force of over 6,000 instead of 300 or 400. I then notified you of the fact and asked for re-enforcements,

