
OCTOBER 17, 1862. - Skirmish at Island Numbers 10, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1. - Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2. - Major Quincy McNeil, Second Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Grenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army.

COLUMBUS, October 18, 1862

SIR: Colonel Faulkner, [Twelfth Kentucky Cavalry.], and 300 rebel cavalry attacked Island 10 yesterday at daylight.

Our forces whipped the enemy, taking Colonel Faulkner, Captain R. M. Meriwether, Captain H. B. Blakemore, Adjt. L. H. Johnson, and 12 enlisted men prisoners. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded is severe; our loss 3 killed.

Major McNeil with re-enforcements from New Madrid had crossed Reelfoot Lake, below the Obion, and thinks he will cut off their retreat.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Report of Major Quincy McNeil, Second Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Island Numbers 10, October 7, 1862.

SIR: This camp was attacked at 4 o'clock this morning. At daylight I sent Captain Moore, Company L, Second Illinois Cavalry, in pursuit. He overtook a body of cavalry about 20 miles from here, gave battle, taking Colonel Faulkner, Captain Meriwether, Captain Blakemore, Lieutenant Johnson, and 11 privates, from whom he found the enemy to consist of 300 men. After fighting an hour Captain Moore finding himself outnumbered (he having but 40 men) fell back to camp, the rebels declining to follow.

The loss on our side is 3 men supposed to be killed; that of the rebels is unknown so far as the battle, but 7 were wounded and many supposed to be killed. From the prisoners we learn that they came from Mississippi, traveling three days and nights to take this post, and then move on Hickman, take that place, and leave immediately for the south.

To an overruling Providence do we owe our safety. With citizens for guides and traveling from the Obion between moonrise and 4 o'clock in the morning they evaded all the scouting parties and approached to within a hundred yards of the camp. They were about forming into line of battle when the sentinel fired upon the advancing column; the rear of the rebel band fired into the front, when the front (thinking they were attacked from the rear) defended themselves from that quarter. The fight between the rebel front and rear lasted about three minutes,

