
wounding several of their number and creating the impression that they were ambushed by the forces from this camp. This caused a panic and they fled to their horses, stationed a mile distant. They immediately mounted and gave up the capture of either this place or Hickman. Had they come as they intended they would have given us much trouble, as they had a perfect plan of this camp; had their men selected, three to catch officer, whom they intended to capture in bed; but finding the guards drawn in toward the camp led them to think that we had been apprised of their approach and that we were prepared for them. They could not have taken the camp, but might have killed and wounded many before they could have been repulsed.

I have been re-enforced by Company D, Second Illinois Cavalry, and one section of De Golyer's Michigan battery, and with this force I intend to cut off the retreat of the rebels by taking the fords of the lake near the Obion River.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

QUINCY McNEIL,

Major Second Illinois Cavalry, Commanding.

Lieutenant H. N. TOWNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Columbus, Ky.

OCTOBER 21, 1862. - Skirmish at Woodville, Tenn.

Report of Major General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the Tennessee.

JACKSON, TENN., October 23, 1862.

A dispatch just in says our cavalry under Major Mudd ran into Haywood's Partisan Rangers 7 miles west of Brownsville. Killed 1 captain, captured about 40 prisoners, 60 horses and mules, and a wagon load of arms, completely breaking up the party. I will send these men to Alton.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

General H. W. HALLECK,

OCTOBER 21-24, 1862. - Scout to Colliersville, Shelby Depot, Hickory and Galloway Switch, Tenn., with skirmishers.

Report of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Memphis, Tenn., October 25, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of Special Order dated October 21 I proceed. with 400 men on scout therein indicated. We came upon the enemy near Colliersville and drove them toward Wolf River. They reformed in the timber to receive us, but after a brisk skirmish they fled in every direction. The rebels were commanded by Captain O'Neil, and were a portion of Outlaw's Alabama regiment. We, after threatening Byhalia and Mount Pleasant, turned to the left and crossed Wolf

