
and naval expedition on Vicksburg. Your requisitions for arms must be made through the Ordnance Department. If not attended to, report that fact. There is a scarcity of first-class arms, and each army must take its proportion of lower classes.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS,La Grange, Tenn., November 10, 1862. - 7.45 p.m.

Am I to understand that I lie still here while an expedition is fitted out from Memphis, or do you want me to push as far south as possible? Am I to have Sherman move subject to my order, or is he and his forces reserved for some special service? Will not more forces be sent here?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 11, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, La Grange, Tenn.:

You have command of all troops sent to you department, and have permission to fight the enemy where you please.

H. W. HALLECK.

General-in-Chief.

LA GRANGE, TENN.,

November 11, 1862-10.30 p.m.

One hundred and thirty-four prisoners were taken by Colonel Lee, Seventh Kansas Cavalry, and 16 rebels killed. Our loss 2 wounded. Colonel Lee is one of our best cavalry officers. I earnestly recommend him for promotion.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,La Grange, November 12, 1862.

GENERAL: If it is the intention to permit this column to push south by the Mississippi Central road and supply it from Memphis, by way of the Mississippi and Tennessee road after reaching Grenada, it will be necessary to have six additional locomotives as early as possible. Three of them should be sent to Memphis, as all material for repairs would have to be taken from that end.

If there is no expectation of using this route three additional engines would still be required. I would respectfully request that they be ordered. Our present force of engines is twenty-two, of which eighteen are in working order, three of them being in the shops for repairs about one-half the time.

At present we draw all our forage for this place from the country and about one-half of it for the balance of the department, except the Dis-

