
trict of Memphis. This supply will probable continue until the 1st of January, when it may become necessary to bring a great part of it over the road.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, Washington.

LA GRANGE, TENN.,

November 13, 1862. - 2.15 p.m.

Colonel Lee, with cavalry, entered Holly Springs this morning, driving the enemy's pickets from there and far beyond. He has taken about 100 prisoners and killed and wounded many. Lee still in pursuit. The enemy are now south of the Tallahatchie. I do not deem it advisable to move from present position until prepared to follow up any success. Twelve additional locomotives are required to supply the army; three at Memphis. Will you direct them ordered? Can I not have an ordnance officer from Saint Louis ordered to Memphis?

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 15, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, La Grange, Tenn.:

Twelve additional locomotives cannot be sent to you. They cannot be procured without seriously deranging other lines. It is not advisable to put railroads in operation south of Memphis. Operations in Northern Mississippi must be limited to rapid marches upon any collected forces of the enemy, feeding as far as possible upon the country. The enemy must be turned by a movement down the river from Memphis as soon as sufficient force can be collected.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

LA GRANGE, November 15, 1862.

Citizens south of us are leaving their homes, and negroes coming in by wagon loads. What will I do with them? I am now having all the cotton still standing out picked by them.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 16, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, La Grange, Tenn.:

The Secretary of War directs that you employ the refugee negroes as teamsters, laborers, &amp;c., so far as you have use for them,in the quar-

