
OXFORD, MISS., December 5, 1862. - 4 p.m.

Cavalry are still in pursuit of retreating enemy. Have captured and killed many and forced them to destroy much property, including cars. Cavalry will be near Coffeeville to-night.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

OXFORD, MISS., December 5, 1862.

In my dispatch of this morning, mouth of Yazoo, instead of Black River, should have been said.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 5, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Abbeville, Miss.;

Destroy the Mobile road, as you propose. It would also be well to disable the others, if possible, to Grenada; but I think you should not attempt to hold the country south of the Tallahatchie. The troops for Vicksburg should be back to Memphis by the 20th. If possible, collect at that place, for that purpose, as many as 25,000. More will be added from Helena, &amp;c. Your main object will be to hold the line from Memphis to Corinth with as small a force as possible, while the largest number possible is thrown upon Vicksburg with the gunboats. Keep me as fully advised as you can about Bragg's movements. He may cross at Decatur and attack Corinth.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 7, 1862.

Major-General GRANT, Abbeville, Miss.:

The capture of Grenada may change our plans in regard to Vicksburg. You will move your troops as you may deem best to accomplish the great object in view. You will retain till further orders all troops of General Curtis now in your department. Telegraph to General Allen, at Saint Louis, for all the steamers you may require. Ask Admiral Porter to co-operate. Telegraph what are your present plans.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

OXFORD, MISS., December 8, 1862. - 9 a.m.

The cavalry under Colonel Dickey have now drawn off, having followed the enemy to Coffeeville. Our loss 9 killed, 56 wounded, and 56 missing. We have captured about 700 of the enemy, but can make no estimate of their killed and wounded. The enemy were forced to burn their stores, some cars, and their camp equipage. I will send two

