
I at the same time sent Colonel Dickey, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, with about 1,000 men, from Spring Dale, Miss., to co-operate. No official report* is yet received from Colonel Dickey, but his expedition was evidently successful. He struck the railroad about Tupelo and traveled south about 35 miles, destroying all the bridges and culverts for the whole of that distance and a large amount of grain that had been collected along the line of the road for the use of the rebel army.

He also destroyed some cars, captured about 120 prisoners and some teams and garrison equipage.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, Washington, D. C.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 2, 1863-8 a.m.

Sherman had not succeeded in landing at Vicksburg on Tuesday. Kirby Smith has gone there with 30,000 re-enforcements. There is but about 8,000 infantry and artillery at Grenada. I will make a dash at enemy's lines of communication that if successful will leave West Tennessee easily held, so as to be able to send large re-enforcements to Vicksburg if necessary. Sullivan has succeeded in getting a fight out of Forrest and whipped him badly; captured six pieces of artillery and a great many horses and prisoners. Van Dorn was repulsed at every point except this,and with heavy loss. Davies should be relieved from duty. General McClernand left Memphis for Vicksburg on December 30. General Banks is said to be in New Orleans.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., January 2, 1863.

Orders limiting this department specially attach Forts Henry and Donelson to it. I am also in telegraphic communication with these points over Government wires. General Rosecrans now calls my attention to interference with these posts by my generals and wants me to correct. If they are parts of General Rosecrans' command I have no desire to interfere. Answer.

U. S. GRANT.

Major-General.

Major General HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 3, 1863.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Holly Springs, Miss.:

Forts Henry and Donelson are in your department. I will consult General Curtis about the heavy artillery. General Banks will ascend the Mississippi as rapidly as possible and assist at Vicksburg. Do not

---------------

*But see p. 491.

---------------

