
does them great honor. With such commanding officers and such soldiers as the Forty-third and Sixty-first Illinois and the Twelfth Michigan furnish results like those at Salem Cemetery and Middleburg may well be anticipated.

During the contest the enemy set fire to the superstructure of the railroad and cut the telegraphed wire in several places, but did not stay to complete their work, and the injury was in a few hours repaired.

I am gratified to report that this is the only injury done to public property within the limits of this post during the period of my command.

The enemy fled south from Middleburg, pursued but not overtaken by our cavalry. Neither have since returned to this vicinity.

Bands of guerrillas still infest the neighborhood under Street, Richardson, and others, carrying away citizens, stealing horses, and subsisting by plunder. At present they harbor in the bends of the river, a few miles above here, in the neighborhood of Somerville. They watch our forage trains and assail such of our men as stray beyond our lines, making occasional captures. With a small efficient cavalry force I can readily drive them from their haunts; but having none I can only guard against trespasses upon the immediate lines at this post and give escort to forage trains.

The brigade at this point, to destroy which several attempts have been made is strongly guarded day and night. The defenses are effectually, though not numerously, manned and safe.

The officers and men are as faithful and vigilant in camp as they are brave and patient in the field. What little has been done has been well done, and I am gratified in believing that the service has received no detriment here. Captain John Pertz, Forty-third Illinois; Captain W. L. Barnum, Eleventh Missouri; Major D. M. Emerson, First West Tennessee Cavalry and Lieutenant C. B. Smith, Sixty-first Illinois, detailed for staff duty; Dr. H. M. Starkloff, Forty-third Illinois, post surgeon; Captain W. B. Lebo, assistant commissary, and Lieutenant W. W. McFarland, Fifth Ohio Cavalry, acting post quartermaster, have discharged their duties with fidelity and efficiency.

The reports and tables herewith furnished, * together with the returns usual at the close of the month and year, will advise the general commanding with regard to the casualties attending recent operations and of the present condition of the post.

With thanks to the general commanding for many evidences of confidence and regard, I remain, your obedient servant,

M. BRAYMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. J. BUCHANAN, A. A. A. G., District of Jackson.

Numbers 3.

Report of Colonel Mortimer D. Leggett, Seventy-eighth Ohio Infantry,of reconnaissance from La Grange toward Somerville, Tenn., November 5.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-EIGHTH OHIO INFANTRY,La Grange, November 5, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to the verbal orders of General Logan I started at 8 o'clock this morning in command of the Thirtieth Illinois and Seventy-eighth Ohio Infantry, one section Second Illinois Artillery, four com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

