
panies Second and three companies Seventh Illinois Cavalry, to reconnoiter in the direction of Somerville.

The infantry and artillery went about 7 miles and the cavalry about 13. We found no enemy in force; small squads of rebel cavalry kept at a safe distance in advance of our cavalry; Major Mudd, in command of our cavalry, captured 3, one of them reputed to be a lieutenant.

The citizens report a camp of 500 rebel cavalry 6 miles west of Somerville and a larger force near La Fayette.

The men of all the different detachments behaved unexceptionably. I believe there was not a single straggler and no depredations of any kind committed

I am, your obedient servant,

M. D. LEGGETT.

Lieutenant D. BRADLEY, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 4.

Report of Colonel Issaac C. Pugh, Forty-first Illinois Infantry, of reconnaissance from La Grange, Tenn., toward Lamar, Miss., and skirmish at Worsham's Creek, November 6.

SIR: In obedience to orders from General J. G. Lauman I assumed the command of the force composed of the Third Iowa, Forty-first Illinois, Fifty-third Illinois, One hundred and third Illinois Regiments, two companies of Second and two of Seventh Illinois Cavalry, with one section of artillery, under command of Captain Spear.

I proceeded with the command at 1 o'clock the 6th of November down the Holly Springs road to Worsham's Creek, 5 miles from camp, when we met the enemy. I ordered up the artillery, and fired eight or ten rounds, when I had the artillery advanced 400 yards, where Captain Spear shelled the woods in advance. I then ordered the cavalry force forward and moved the whole column at the same time. The cavalry engaged the enemy, who were mounted, and retired slowly about 4 miles, exchanging shots all that distance.

The enemy lost 1 man killed, 2 prisoners, and a number of them are supposed to be wounded.

The men and officers under my command acted with great coolness. The cavalry officers and men acted with great gallantry.

We proceeded to within 2 miles of Lamar, at which point I turned the command back, and arrived in camp about 10 o'clock p.m. No casualties on our side.

I. C. PUGH,

Colonel 41st Ill. Vols., Commanding 1st Brigadier, 4th Div., W. Tenn.

H. SCOFIELD, Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5.

Reports of Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army,of reconnaissance from La Grange, November 8-9, 1862, and of the evacuation of Holly Springs, January 9-10, 1863.

LAMAR, November 8, 1862-8.15 p.m.

GENERAL: We have had quite a skirmish 1 1/2 miles in advance of this point and captured 72 prisoners, among whom are 8 commissioned offi-

