
him. Captain G. F. Wiles, Lieutenant W. W. McCarty, and Second Lieutenants Roberts and Scales, all of the Seventy-eighth Ohio, are deserving of the highest praise for their personal valor and for their skill in extricating their companies when entirely surrounded by the enemy. Major S. D. Puterbaugh and Captain Otto Funke, of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, were in the fight nearly all the time and exhibited great courage and gallantry. The Second Illinois Cavalry was on the field so short a time I can only particularize their commander, the lamented Colonel Hogg. A braver, truer man never lifted his arm in defense of his country. He was brave to a fault, and fell while leading one of the most gallant cavalry charges of the present war.

It is proper that I should make special mention of Adjt. E. N. Owen, Twentieth Ohio, and Adjt. H. S. Abbott, of the Seventy-eighth Ohio, who acted as my aides-de-camp during the day, and regardless of personal danger frequently went through showers of bullets in executing their orders. I may also say that the mounted infantry or "Mule Cavalry" proved an entire success. They prevented the enemy from flanking us at least twice during the battle. They move with the celerity of cavalry, yet fight as infantry.

Our loss was 5 killed, 18 wounded, and 64 missing. The enemy's loss was far greater, but as they were seen to pick up and carry to the rear their killed and wounded as fast as they fell their loss is not known to us. It is reported over 200.

I inclose the report* of officers commanding regiments and detachments in the battle.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. D. LEGGETT,

Colonel Seventy-eighth Ohio Vol. Infantry, Commanding First Brigade.

Colonel M. M. CROCKER,

Commanding Post.

Number 4. Report of Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, of skirmishes at Medon and near Toone's Station, August 31, 1862, and at Britton's Lane, near Denmark, Tenn., September 1, 1862.

HEADQUARTERS COMMANDER OF THE POST, Jackson, Tenn., September 6, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following concerning the recent engagements along the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad and in the vicinity of Medon Station:

Immediately after the repulse of the enemy at Bolivar large bodies of his cavalry attacked the different detachments stationed along the line of the Mississippi Central Railroad between Medon and Toone's Stations. The detachments being small, consisting at most of single companies, after sharp skirmishing retired to Medon Station, at which point, at and near the railroad depot, a barricade was constructed of cotton bales, under the direction of Adjutant Frohock, of the Forty-fifth Illinois Infantry. At 3 p.m. August 31, the enemy attacked the defenses at Medon in force, estimated to be 1,500 strong, but were gallantly held at bay by about 150 men of the Forty-fifth Illinois. Being informed of the attack on Medon I immediately sent six companies of the Seventh

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

4 R R-VOL XVII

