
Commissioned officers, 7; enlisted men, 46; paroled on account of illness or wounds, by myself, 7; total, 60. Taken oath of allegiance and released; T. J. Adkins, second lieutenant, Third Tennessee Infantry.

Stock captured: Horses, 81; mules, 67; total, 148. This stock is in the hands of the division quartermaster, and being issued to regiments of this division as they need.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. LEE,

Colonel, Commanding Cavalry Division.

Captain R. M. SAWYER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Left Wing, Army of the Tenn.

Numbers 7.

Report of Brigadier General Charles S. Hamilton, U. S. Army, of skirmish at Lumpkin's Mill, Miss., November 29, 1862.

LUMPKIN'S MILL, November 29, 1862-3.15 p.m.

GENERAL: Lee had quite a skirmish here and lost 1 man killed and 3 wounded. The rebel cavalry made a stand in force. He has pushed the enemy some 3 miles beyond this point.

Plenty of water here, but country very broken and hilly. Divisions are going into camp. Forage is scarce it having been pretty well cleaned out. Lee has used a section of Parrott guns for the last two hours.

I will report the result of Lee's operations on his return. Quite a number of rebels have been killed here.

There is good camping ground here for McPherson's whole force. We have captured two limbers from enemy.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

General GRANT.

Number 8. Reports of Colonel Theophilus Lyle Dickey, Fourth Illinois Cavalry, of skirmishes about Oxford, December 1-3; skirmish at Spring Dale Bridge, December 3; skirmish at Water Valley, December 4; engagement at Coffeeville, December 5, and expedition against the Mobile and Ohio Railroad, December 14-19.

HDQRS. U. S. FORCES, CAV. DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS.

Camp near the Yocknapatalfa River, Miss., December 7, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to the order of the major-general commanding I have the honor to report that at 10 p.m., December 1, while at the headquarters of Major-General McPherson, near Old Waterford, and 5 miles north of the Tallahatchie River a communication was received from Major-General Grant advising me that the enemy had left his works at the river; that part of our cavalry had crossed and others were crossing, and ordering me to push on at daylight, take command of all the cavalry, and follow the enemy (if retreating) as long as any results were likely to follow.

At daylight, on Tuesday, December 2, attended by Lieutenant J. H. Will-

