
Jan. 3, 1863.-Action at Somerville, Tenn.

4, 1863.-Major General John A. McClernand, U. S. Army,assumes command of the Army of the

Mississippi.

Skirmish at Monterey, Tenn.

4-17, 1863.-Expedition against and capture of Arkansas Post, or Fort Hindman, Ark.

5, 1863.-Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army,assumes command of the Second Corps,

Army of the Mississippi.

7, 1863.-Scout from Big Spring Creek to Rocky Ford, Miss.

8, 1863.-Skirmish at Knob Creek, near Ripley, Tenn.

11, 1863.-Major General James B. McPherson, U. S. Army, assumes command of the Seventeenth Army Corps.

Skirmish at Lowry's Ferry, Tenn.

12, 1863.-Major-General Sherman, U. S. A., assumes command of the Fifteenth Army Corps.

13, 1863.-Skirmish at Chambers Creek, near Hamburg, Tenn.

16, 1863.-Expedition from Fort Henry to Waverly, Tenn.

JUNE 14, 1862.-Skirmish at Clear Creek, near Baldwyn, Miss.

REPORTS.

Number 1.-Colonel John F. Lay, C. S. Army.

Number 2.-Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Wade, C. S. Army.

Number 1. Report of Colonel John F. Lay, C. S. Army.

CAMP NEAR KNIGHT'S MILL, MISS., June 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that, in obedience to instructions, I moved from camp at 3 a.m. with my command and was soon joined by the detachment from Colonel Clanton's regiment. When I reached the cross-roads at Bryce's I found the detachment under Lieutenant-Colonel Wade. A few moments after I learned of the skirmish at Baldwyn by the company returning with prisoners, and was informed that probably a large body of the enemy was there. I left the direct road to Clear Creek and went immediately to Carrollville, where, forming my men, I sent a small party to Baldwyn to reconnoiter, who reported everything quiet.

Having conversed with the prisoners taken and also with many citizens, I determined to go forward to Clear Creek, our point of junction, though cautiously, as I had been able to hear nothing

of Colonel Slemons' or Adams' command. Upon the route I met a citizen, true to us, who had been compelled to guide some scattered Federals from Baldwyn by an inner road to Booneville, who gave me information of the forces at Blackland and of their knowledge that a body of our cavalry was upon the road. Upon arriving at Clear Creek I posted Captain Conner's company on picket, his reserve at the bridge, sending out vedettes to the end of the lane in front, and also posted a company to guard our rear, occupying the old camp-ground in the woods to the left. We had been delayed by turning off to Baldwyn and reached Clear Creek after 11 a.m. I had determined, if I heard nothing from the other detachments, to send a courier to you and await orders, but

