
approaching from Spring Dale, was reported for the enemy, owing to the portion passing the scout being a battalion of the Second Iowa Cavalry, dressed in grey overcoats.

We captured on the 4th 183 prisoners.

On the morning of the 5th my brigade, in compliance with orders from Colonel T. Lyle Dickey, chief of cavalry, marched at 8 o'clock in the rear of the cavalry division, my command having been reduced by details to two companies of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, under Major Ricker; six companies of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel Edward Prince, and six companies of the Second Iowa Cavalry, under Major D. E. Coon; in all fourteen companies. At 2 p. m. detached, by order of Colonel T. Lyle Dickey, two companies of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry to the left flank. At 3 p. m., by order of Colonel T. Lyle Dickey, detached two companies of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry to right and left flank. At 3.30 p. m. was ordered by Colonel T. Lyle Dickey to send four companies of dismounted men to the front and dispatched four companies of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

At 4 p. m. forces engaged in front of us passed to the rear. I brought my line of dismounted rifle companies, concealed under the ridge, supported by two saber companies, being all of my brigade not detached. In a few minutes the enemy were advancing in great force, two regiments by head of column, with skirmishers on their flank. Ordering Major Coon to have his men lie down until the enemy were close, his men, armed with the revolving rifle, reserved their fire, and when the enemy were within 20 yards, pouring in our volleys, firing nearly three rounds to each man, when the enemy, outflanking us, fell back to the next ridge, when we again opened fire, held our ground until again outflanked, fighting back slowly, standing at every practicable point, the final stand being made at the junction of the road to Water Valley and Panola. Then, placing my men behind the fence on the right and the ridge and house on the left, the fighting became very sharp. Night setting in our men returned the enemy's fire, aiming at the flash. At this time my horse fell, having received three balls in his body. I immediately prepared to make a charge in the rear, having been informed that the enemy were between myself and the main body. Immediately running toward I found the enemy had thrown a company into the road and had ordered one of our companies to surrender. I ordered all the stragglers near me into line. I opened fire with revolvers, ordering Company E, of the Second Iowa Cavalry, forward to the charge. Our fire, however, opened the communication. I then moved my command into the field on the left, and, covering the left flank with a company of dismounted rifles, moved forward to the main column.

The officers of my command fought bravely against an almost overwhelming force, attacking them in front and on our flanks. In the four rifle companies 5 officers out of 7 were wounded. Lieutenant D. McGregor, acting assistant adjutant-general, was wounded in the thigh. The Fifth Ohio Cavalry, on the right flank, suffered considerably. Major Ricker held his men well in hand and fell slowly back, disputing the ground slowly. Colonel Prince, on the left, with the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, was only driven in by an overwhelming force, disputing every inch of the ground. Companies E and I, of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, were surrounded by the enemy after dark and were ordered to surrender, but gallantly cut their way out.

Of the officers and soldiers of my command I cannot speak too highly, especially of the officers and soldiers of the Second Iowa Cavalry, who, when the enemy were advancing upon them from the front and either

