
On the 26th, marched 16 miles.

On the 27th, marched to camp on the Tallahatchie, swimming my command at the crossing of Tippah Creek.

Annexed I send a list of paroled prisoners taken on the march.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD HATCH,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 10.

Reports of Major General Earl Van Dorn, C. S. Army, of engagement at Coffeeville, December 5, and capture of Holly Springs, December 20.

COFFEEVILLE, December 5, 1862.

GENERAL: Enemy came up to within 2 miles of town this evening. Infantry attacked them and drove them back 2 miles. Firing just ceased. Night put a stop to pursuit. He will be careful how he comes up again.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON, Jackson.

HOLLY SPRINGS, MISS., December 20, 1862.

I surprised the enemy at this place at daylight this morning; burned up all the quartermaster's stores, cotton, &amp;c.-an immense amount; burned up many trains; took a great many arms and about 1,500 prisoners. I presume the value of stores would amount to $1,500,000. I move on to Davis' Mill at once. Morgan attacked Jackson day before yesterday. Yankees say he was repulsed. They are sending re-enforcements there. I will communicate with him.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

Lieutenant-General PEMBERTON.

Numbers 11.

Report of Brigadier General Lloyd Tilghman, C. S. Army, of engagement at Coffeeville, December 5.

HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIRST CORPS, ARMY OF WEST TENN., December 6, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the action of the 5th instant between the Federal advance guard, near Coffeeville, and the troops placed under my command by Major General [M.] Lovell, commanding First Corps:

At about 2.30 o'clock on Friday afternoon, 5th instant, while engaged in the town of Coffeeville with the various duties of my command, I learned that the enemy, emboldened by their successes heretofore, had pushed their advance within 1 mile of the town, and that, having com-

