
the 6th inst., is known to be accurately as follows: Killed 7; wounded, 43. That of the enemy 34 killed, among them Lieutenant-Colonel McCullough and a second lieutenant, who gave his name as [Thomas J.] Woodburn, of the Third Missouri [Seventh Kansas], just before expiring. The wounded of the enemy could not be accurately ascertained, inasmuch as all who were not too badly wounded were removed on horseback as fast as they fell. Estimating their wounded by the number killed in the same ratio as that known to exist on our part, the wounded may be given at 234, which from the number seen in the act of being removed is under rather than over the actual loss. Sixteen of their severely wounded fell into our hands. Thirty-five prisoners, with 17 horses, and all their arms and accouterments were captured. Among the prisoners were one captain and several non-commissioned officers. The wounded on both sides were removed at once to Coffeeville and every care taken of them. The dead were buried next morning. The body of the Federal lieutenant was decently buried; marked on the head-stone, so that it could be recognized. The body of Lieutenant-Colonel McCullough was not secured. The command returned to its first position near Coffeeville and bivouacked in line of battle.

The whole affair was a complete success and taught the enemy a lesson I am sure they will not soon forget. The troops behaved in the most gallant manner. Officers and men emulated each other. All did their duty nobly.

I take especial pleasure in mentioning the names of Brigadier General W. E. Baldwin, of my own division, and Colonel A. P. Thompson, commanding a brigade in General Rust's division. These officers, in command on my right and left, displayed the greatest good judgment and gallantry.

The brunt of the battle was borne by the Ninth Arkansas, Colonel I. L. Dunlop; Eighth Kentucky, Colonel H. B. Lyon; the Twenty-third Mississippi, Lieutenant-Colonel McCarley, and the Twenty-sixth Mississippi, under Major T. F. Parker. I have seldom seen greater good judgment and impetuous gallantry shown by any officers or men.

The cavalry, under Colonel [W. H.] Jackson, maintained the most perfect order and were always in position to answer any summons.

The batteries engaged rendered the most efficient service up to the time of my ordering the advance. The first shot fired from the Parrott guns of Captain Hedden's battery, under the direction of Captain [Jacob] Culbertson, chief of artillery of my division, wounded Colonel Mizner and killed his orderly and 3 men. These facts were related by a non-commissioned officer among the prisoners.

My thanks are especially due to those members of my personal staff who were present. Major [W. O.] Watts, inspector-general; Major [E. W.] Halliday, chief commissary; Lieuts. George Moorman and [Lloyd] Tilghman, [jr.], aides-de-camp, rendered most efficient and valuable service.

I notice with great pleasure also Lieutenant [J. G.] Barbour, commanding my body guard,* together with Lieutenant [E. C.] Lundy of that company. These officers and their men rendered me great aid. The timely service of Lieutenant Barbour on my right wing may have saved us possibly from serious injury.

The whole force engaged on our side may be stated as not exceeding 1,300 men, while the enemy is known to have had not less than five regiments, numbering not less than 3,500 men.

Inclosed I have the honor to submit a correct list of the killed and wounded on our side.

---------------

*Company D, Eighteenth Tennessee Battalion.

---------------

