
tant aid on every part of the field. The men acted with the most veteran courage. Surgeon Goodbrake, of the Twentieth Illinois, was untiring in attention to the wounded, and for skill is deserving of great praise. Accompanying this report I send a list or the wounded, as furnished by him.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain M. S. KIMBALL, Aide-de-Camp.

Numbers 5.

Report of Brigadier General Frank C. Armstrong, C. S. Army, of skirmish near Bolivar, Tenn., August 30, 1862, and at Britton's Lane, near Denmark, Tenn., September 1, 1862.*Y

MIDDLEBURG, TENN.,

Five miles south of Bolivar, Tenn., September 1, 1862.

Just finished whipping the enemy in front of Bolivar; ran in town. I believe they will leave the country. West Tennessee is almost free of the invaders. All needed is advance of the infantry. They estimate their force at 10,000. I believe they have only about 6,000. Captain Pryor will give you the details. I send 71 prisoners to General Villepigue; 4 commissioned officers.

There are strong works in rear of Bolivar, and I did not enter the town, as it would only cause them to shell it without giving me any advantage. You will hear of us again in a day or so.

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

Major SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAV. Brigadier, DISTRICT OF THE TENNESSEE,September 2, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that since my dispatch from Middleburg I have crossed the Hatchie; passed between Jackson and Bolivar; destroyed the bridges and one mile of trestle work between the two places, holding for more than thirty hours the road.

On my return,, while marching toward Denmark, I encountered two regiments of infantry, two squadrons of cavalry, and two pieces of artillery, in which we captured two pieces, of artillery, destroyed a portion of the train, and took 213 prisoners, killing and wounding, by their own statement, over 75 of the enemy. My loss was small. I recrossed to the south side of the river this morning and have this evening paroled the prisoners.

Among the killed before Bolivar a few days ago were 2 colonels and in the fight at Denmark 1 lieutenant-colonel; 8 officers taken prisoners.

---------------

*See also Price's report of the battle of Iuka.

---------------

