
Cavalry, who gallantly and successfully resisted being taken prisoners. Their loss was heavy, but the enemy's was much greater. Such conduct as theirs will always insure success.

Had the commandant of the post exercised the usual and ordinary precautions for defense the garrison was sufficiently strong to have repulsed the enemy, saved our stores from destruction and themselves from capture.

The general commanding is satisfied that a majority of the troops who accepted a parole did so thoughtlessly and from want of knowledge of the cartel referred to, and that in future they will not be caught in the same way.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 4. Holly Springs, Miss., January 8, 1863.

* * * * * *

II. Colonel R. C. Murphy, of the Eighth Regiment Wisconsin Infantry Volunteers, having, while in command of the post of Holly Springs, Miss., neglected and failed to exercise the usual and ordinary precautions to guard and protect the same; having, after repeated and timely warning of the approach of the enemy, failed to make any preparations for resistance or defense or show any disposition to do so; and having, with a force amply sufficient to have repulsed the enemy and protect the public stores, disgracefully permitted him to capture the post and destroy the stores-and the movement of troops in the face of an enemy rendering it impracticable to convene a court-martial for his trial-is therefore dismissed the service of the United States, to take effect from the 20th day of December, 1862, the date of his cowardly and disgraceful conduct.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE,

Numbers 11. Washington, January 10, 1863.

By direction of the President, Colonel R. C. Murphy, Eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, is hereby dismissed the service of the United States, for allowing his command to be surprised at Holly Springs, Miss., without having taken proper steps to protect his post or repulse the enemy, and his troops having been found in bed at the time of attack.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 18.

Reports of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry, of operations December 5-28, including skirmishes at Bolivar, Middleburg, and Ripley, December 24-25.

NEAR COLLEGE HILL, December 8, 1862.

GENERAL: Agreeably to your letter of instructions of December 4 I left camp at 5 o'clock p. m. of the 5th instant, taking 500 men, includ-

