
During the entire expedition I have the co-operation of Colonel Jackson, whose command deserves an equal share of credit with my own. Our command wee in the saddle for nearly forty-eight hours, and some of them longer, without food, but neither hunger nor fatigue could daunt them. They are ever ready when an opportunity offers to punish the insolent invaders.

I am more firmly than ever convinced that the enemy are prepared to evacuate Bolivar whenever an advance of our army is made.

I amove southward toward Somerville in the morning. Dispatched via Holly Springs will reach me. I can strike across whenever needed.

It would be unjust to make distinctions. Each one has nobly done his duty during this expedition.

I have gone further probably than my instructions, but I hope my anxiety to render service and my success will be an excuse for my doing so.

I am, major, with respect, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. ARMSTRONG,

Brigadier-General.

Major THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Chief of Staff, Dept. of the Tennessee, Tupelo, Miss.

AUGUST 31, 1862.-Capture of U. S. transport W. B. Terry on the Tennessee River.

Report of Leonard G. Klinck, master U. S. transport-steamer W. B. Terry.

The above-named steamer left Paducah, Ky., Saturday, August 30, at 1 a. m., bound for Hamburg, Tenn., with a cargo of coal, for the use of gunboats on the Tennessee River. Arrived at foot of Duck River Sucks same day at dark, where we lay anchored in the middle of the river until daylight Sunday morning. Worked all day trying to get over the shoals without success. Finding it impossible to get over, concluded to return to Paducah and report. Started down about sundown, hopping to reach a safe anchorage before dark, but unfortunately messed the narrow and difficult channel and ran hard onto the lower ledge of rocks, under a bluff high bank, with her stern only 20 feet from shore, and with less than 2 feet of water from boat to shore. Finding it impossible to get off without assistance, and being in hourly expectation of the arrival of steamer Des Moines City, which was to follow us up, thought best to await her arrival as long as there was any chance to save the boat and cargo, and then abandon and burn her, if necessary, to keep her out of the hands of the Confederates.

We had on board for the protection of the boat two 6-pounder Parrott rifled guns, with a sergeant and 6 gunners, and also 10 sharpshooters, all belonging to the Eighty-first Regiment of Ohio Volunteers. From our position the cannon were entirely useless, unless the enemy were within 50 feet of the boat. I sent out five of the sharpshooters as pickets, with instructions not to fire, but report immediately to me if they saw or heard any cause for alarm; and if they had obeyed orders I believe we could have destroyed the boat and guns; but the first intimation we had of attack was a discharge at daylight of about 200

