
fed, after which I was joined by Colonel Mizner with the balance of the command. I here proposed to Colonel Mizner to follow them and make a night attack, which, however, was not approved of.

We again took up the line of march on the morning of the 26th, Colonel Lee's brigade taking the advance. We proceeded to New Albany, on the Tallahatchie, where we halted for two hours and again moved on to a point 6 miles farther south, toward Pontotoc, where the pursuit was given up, and the command turned to the right to recross the Tallahatchie at King's Bridge, but by some mistake the wrong road was taken and we did not arrive at King's Bridge until after dark. Here we encamped, the First Brigade south and my brigade north of the river. We here received dispatches from Colonel Hatch at New Albany. The following day we moved toward Holly Springs, at 3 o'clock p.m . on the 28th [sic.].

During the trip we captured between 60 and 70 rebels, 20 of whom were turned over to the Second Illinois Cavalry at Ripley, and the rest to the provost-marshal at this post, among whom were 1 major and 3 lieutenants. The arms which we captured were destroyed. Our loss is 1 killed (who accidentally shot himself), 2 slightly wounded, and 2 missing. The horses and mules captured by my regiment will be turned over to the post quartermaster.

I regret not having the hearty co-operation of Colonel Lee, and that consequently I was unable to do more for the further success of the expedition.

Captains Fisk, Fourth Illinois, and Lynch, of Sixth Illinois Cavalry, distinguished themselves by their perseverance in following the trail of the enemy from Brownsville road to the Middleburn road. Lieutenants Wilson and Charlesworth, of Sixth Illinois Cavalry, deserve notice for the bravery and success with which they conducted the scout to the enemy's camp on the night of the 24th; also Lieutenant Curtis, for the promptness with which he placed his battery in position in the several attacks which we made upon the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Holly Springs, Miss.

Numbers 19.

Report of Colonel Jonathan Richmond, One hundred and twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Davis' Mill, December 21.

LA GRANGE, December 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that on the 21st instant Van Dorn's force of cavalry attacked Colonel Morgan, of the Twenty-fifth Indiana Infantry, at Davis' Mill. The engagement was continued briskly from 12 o'clock m. till 2 o'clock p. m., when our forces drove them back, leaving in our possession 16 killed, 20 wounded, and 13 taken prisoners, our loss but 3 slightly wounded. Colonel Morgan's force consisted of about 250 effective men. He called on me for re-enforcements; I sent him one piece of artillery of Dresser's battery; also Captain Curtis' company, of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, but before they had arrived the enemy had

