
fantry and 50 cavalry. With such discrepancies it cannot but be said that all are entitled to great credit for their gallant defense on that day, which will be ever bright in the memory of the Twenty-fifth Indiana.

The enemy left in our hands 22 dead, 30 wounded, and 20 prisoners, together with 100 stand of arms. Thirty wounded were deposited by them in a house, near a church, about three-quarters of a mile to the rear, These were left in care of a surgeon, and from him I learn that between 200 and 300 wounded were taken off in ambulances and on horseback. Our loss was but 3 slightly wounded and none killed.

The other four companies of the Twenty-fifth Indiana were at Lamar and along the line of the railroad, under the command of Captain E. C. Hastings of Company C. His line extended from Coldwater to within 3 miles south of this point, and was there joined by pickets from here. Of these last, 16 men were captured and paroled, but not without a very creditable resistance.

To Major Walker, Adjutant Walker, and Captain Larkin, of the Twenty-fifth Indiana; Captain Henry, Company M, Fifth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and the other officers and men of both arms, I am much indebted for their skill and the assistance rendered me in preparing our defenses; but to single out particular officers and men as being more worthy of an honorable mention than others who were present and took part in the engagement of December 21 would certainly be doing an injustice.

Our senior assistant surgeon, Dr. C. L. Thomas, for the skill displayed and the kind and humane treatment rendered the enemy's wounded is deserving of mention. Each and every one did his duty, and if our defense and conduct during those trying hours meets with the approval of our general we shall feel that we have received our reward. We respectfully ask, however, that along with the names of Donelson, Shiloh, and Metamora, Davis' Mill may be inscribed upon our banner.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. MORGAN,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain A. J. BUCHANAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Jackson.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS LEFT WING, January 2, 1863.

A copy of Colonel Morgan's modest report having come into my possession it is respectfully forwarded to the general commanding. I desire to call special attention to it as being an affair of such gallantry as to deserve, in my opinion, special commendation.

C. S. HAMILTON,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Numbers 21.

Report of Colonel William H. Graves, Twelfth Michigan Infantry, of skirmish at Middleburg, December 24.

HDQRS. TWELFTH REGIMENT MICHIGAN INFANTRY, Middleburg, Tenn., December 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the engagement with the enemy at this point:

About 10.30 a. m. on the 24th instant Lieutenant-Colonel May of my

