
Numbers 22.

Congratulatory orders upon the defense of Coldwater, Davis' Mill, and Middleburg, December 20, 21, and 24.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,

Numbers 4. Holly Springs, Miss., January 8, 1863.

I. The major-general commanding the department takes just pride and satisfaction in congratulating the small garrisons of the posts of Coldwater, Davis' Mill, and Middleburg for the heroic defense of their positions on the 20th, 21st, and 24th ultimo, and their successful repulse of an enemy many times their number.

The Ninetieth Illinois, at Coldwater (its first engagement); the detachment of the veteran Twenty-fifth Indiana, and two companies of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry, at Davis' Mill, and the detachment of the gallant Twelfth Michigan, at Middleburg, are deserving of the thanks of the army, which was in a measure dependent upon the road they so nobly defended for supplies, and they will receive the meed of praise ever awarded by a grateful public to those who bravely and successfully do their duty.

These regiments are entitled to inscribe upon their banners respectively Coldwater, Davis' Mill, and Middleburg, with the names of other battle-fields made victorious by their valor and discipline.

It is gratifying to know that at every point where our troops made a stand during the late raid of the enemy's cavalry success followed and the enemy was made to suffer a loss in killed and wounded greater than the entire garrisons of the places attacked. Especially was this the case at Davis' Mill and Middleburg. The only success gained by Van Dorn was at Holly Springs, where the whole garrison was left by their commander in ignorance of the approach of danger.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 25, 1862.-Capture of Henderson's Station, Mobile and Ohio Railroad, Tenn.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Phineas Pease, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 2.-Special Orders from Headquarters Department of the Tennessee.

Numbers 1.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Phineas Pease, Forty-ninth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-NINTH Regiment ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Bethel, Tenn., November 29, 1862.

SIR: In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 169, dated October 27, 1862, I herewith report the capture of Company B, Forty-ninth Regiment, which was on detached service at Henderson's Station, McNairy

