
County, Tennessee, and numbered in the aggregate 66 men, including the officers. The facts, as near as I can learn, are as follows:

It has been reported to me by citizens and contrabands that between 300 and 400 guerrillas made a raid on the above-named station at about 5 o'clock on the morning of the 25th instant and captured Captain W. P. Moore, First Lieutenant John L. Stanley, and Second Lieutenant A. J. McGregor, 3 sergeants, 6 corporals, and 24 privates, and killed Private Robert Barker. The balance of the company, guarding bridges at different points, escaped. The men guarding bridges learning that the guerrillas had possession of the town did not approach near enough to learn the facts of the capture, and cannot therefore give full particulars until the return or hearing from the officers.

I have the honor to remain, yours, &amp;c.,

P. PEASE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-ninth Regiment.

LORENZO THOMAS, Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Special Orders from Headquarters Department of the Tennessee.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 13TH A. C., DEPT. OF THE TENN.,Numbers 31. La Grange, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

It having come to the knowledge of the general commanding that certain ladies living in the vicinity of Henderson's Station, Tenn., did, after a raid by guerrillas upon that station, turn out with buckets and extinguish a fire which had been kindled by these lawless persons, threatening a railroad bridge important to the Government, and by their exertions save it, desires that this patriotic conduct shall not go unnoticed or unrewarded. It is therefore directed that the commanding officer of the District of Jackson shall have the names of these ladies enrolled and direct that they be protected in their property and the quiet of their homes, and also that rations be issued to them from time to time free of charge if necessity requires it, and that every facility be given them to purchase every article of necessity for the use of themselves and families.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOVEMBER 26, 1862.-Skirmish near Somerville, Tenn.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Prince, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.

HDQRS. SEVENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Moscow, Tenn., November 27, 1862.

SIR: I report that in pursuance of the orders of the general commanding I proceeded (with the armed portion of this regiment which could be spared from camp, consisting of parts of Companies A, B, D, E, F, G, H, I, and K, 300 men) on the evening of the 25th to Macon;

