
thence on the morning of the 26th to Montague's Bridge, leaving Companies D and I at Macon; that from Montague's Bridge we proceeded to Cannon's Mill, 25 miles from camp, at which point we struck a fresh trail of rebels, being the fourth battalion, guerrilla Richardson's regiment, 100 strong, Lieutenant-Colonel Dawson commanding. Company E and a portion of Company I having been left at the bridge I picketed the crossing with Company G and pursued with Companies A, B, F, H, and K. We drove in the rebel pickets at charging step about 2 1/2 miles from the crossing, when I found it necessary to detach Company A to protect the rear, by sending them on a road leading to our right rear; Company B, under command of Lieutenant McCausland, was in the advance, and formed well and rapidly under fire; Company H, under command of Captain Webster, was thrown far to the right, and afterward turned the enemy's left flank; Companies F and K formed rapidly, under a heavy fire from dismounted rebels. Observing that there was an apparently dry slough in our advance, and knowing the rebels would not dismount, except under good cover, I dismounted Companies K, F, and B, and they charged handsomely on foot, which together with the advance of Company H, on the extreme right, routed the enemy, intrenched in a very deep and steep-banked slough. The enemy fled in confusion, throwing away arms, blankets, and everything. Those most lucky in mounting horses and fleet of foot escaped; the rest we caught. We could not have had more than 80 men engaged. Majors Nelson and Koehler were in the fight, who, together with the line officers, deserve honorable mention.

The only fault to be found with the command was a too great eagerness to get at the enemy. The officers and men betrayed no symptoms of fear nor sought any protection from trees. The firing of the rebels was very spirited, but wild. Casualties, 4 wounded. The rebel casualties, as far as names are known, are Captain Moore, confusion of cranium, induced by head colliding with a white-oak tree in too precipitate a flight; wound dangerous; prisoner paroled. Private George Reynolds, thigh shattered; prisoner paroled. Some wounded escaped; others, more or less severe, names not known. Number of prisoners taken on expedition 37, including 2 captains (one of whom is the noted guerrilla Marshall) and 1 lieutenant.

Among the many names of those deserving praise for meritorious conduct on the field are those of Corporal [Jacob F.] Shull, of Company H, and Privates [Charles E.] Martin and [John] Moulding, of Company B.

We captured two very handsome colors, one of them the colors of the rebel battalion engaged.

I am, with respect, your obedient servant,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Quinby's Division.

