
He has at Florence two flat-boats, good ones, and two small steamers that have been fitted up in the last two months. They now run. He is repairing boats at that place all the time, and his men say that he intends to make a raid down the river as soon as water will permit. His force is over 2,000. He has telegraphic, but not railroad, communication with Bragg. Colonel Sweeny used him up badly and brought in a large amount of his troops. Roddey burned his camps, stores, and also the fine covered bridge across Little Bear Creek. The force is only an outpost of Bragg's, but the steamers should be destroyed. Had be reached Glendale he would have hurt us, though I am fortified at that place. Great praise is due Colonel Sweeny for the manner in which he carried out the orders and the valuable information he obtained.

G. M. DODGE,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General GRANT.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel Thomas W. Sweeny, Fifty-second Illinois Infantry, commanding Expedition.

GLENDALE, MISS., December 13, 1862-5 p. m.

GENERAL: I have just arrived here. The expedition has been entirely successful. I surprised the outpost of the enemy, consisting of 300 men, under Colonel Warren, at Cherokee, and pursued them 5 miles, fighting all the time, when they were re-enforced by the main body, 1,400 strong, under Colonel Rodley, who, after a sharp engagement, took to flight and fell back on Little Bear Creek, a very strong position, 4 miles from Tuscumbia, from which they were driven, after burning the bridge and all their stores and camp equipage. We captured 32 prisoners, a great number of horses, and small-arms. Roddey had four pieces of artillery, three rifled cannon and one smooth-bore. I will make a full report when I return to Corinth.

T. W. SWEENY,

Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier General GREENVILLE M. DODGE.

Numbers 3.

Report of Colonel C. R. Barteau, Second Tennessee Cavalry, of skirmishes December 12.

COLUMBUS, MISS., December 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The following dispatch has just been received:

OKOLONA, MISS., December 14, 1862.

Federal force attacked and routed Roddey's cavalry day before yesterday at Tuscumbia. Reported to-day Federal force near Saltillo.

C. R. BARTEAU,

Colonel Cavalry.

JOHN ADAMS,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Post.

Captain ROY MASON HOOE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

