
DECEMBER 13-19, 1862.-Raid on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad from Corinth to Tupelo, Miss.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding District of Corinth.

Numbers 2.-Colonel August Mersy, Ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 1.

Report of Brigadier General Greenville M. Dodge, U. S. Army, commanding District of Corinth.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CORINTH, Corinth, Miss., December 26, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the reconnaissance, under Colonel August Mersy, to Tupelo, Miss., in connection with the one sent from Coffeeville:

In accordance with instructions herewith submitted, Colonel Mersy moved on Saturday, December 13, with the Ninth Illinois Infantry, Colonel J. J. Phillips commanding; Eighty-first Ohio, Major Frank Evans commanding; one section of the First Missouri Light Artillery, Captain Tannrath commanding, and 111 of the Fifth Ohio Cavalry and Fifty-third Illinois Independent Cavalry, under Captain Ford, which were subsequently joined at or near Guntown by Stewart's battalion of cavalry, Captain O'Harnett commanding. The march south was through Rienzi, Blackland, Saltillo, and Tupelo, returning to Corinth Friday, December 19, by way of Marietta, Natchez Trace, and Jacinto.

The reconnaissance was successful, driving the enemy from Saltillo and Tupelo, at the latter place communicating with Colonel Dickey, in command of forces from Coffeeville; destroying the road and capturing the rear guard of the enemy at Tupelo, and bringing in some 71 prisoners of war; also in capturing two large rebel mails, which contained dispatches of some importance.

The officers and men are entitled to due credit for the manner in which the expedition was conducted and carried out.

I herewith submit the report of Colonel August Mersy, Ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, with journal of march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. M. DODGE.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2.

Report of Colonel August Mersy, Ninth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, DODGE'S DIVISION, Corinth, Miss., December 19, 1862.

SIR: It is with much gratification that I report the successful results of the expedition intrusted to my command.

It was a responsible task to march with infantry 60 miles into the

---------------

*See also Grant's report of January 2, 1863, and Dickey's report of December 20, 1862, pp. 478, 496.

---------------

