
capturing the small garrison left by the retreating rebels, consisting of 15 men and 2 lieutenants-one the provost-marshal of Saltillo and the other the telegraph operator. They also captured a large mail, and returned to the infantry camp at 10 o'clock Monday night.

Tuesday, the 16th, learning by a messenger of the arrival of General Dickey at Tupelo at 9 o'clock Monday evening, I sent Captain Ford, with his company of cavalry, to communicate with him, but he had left. Captain Ford then, by my order, destroyed the railroad bridge and depot with all other public property, and returned with four prisoners at 1 p. m.

Having executed my orders thus far as best I could I commenced my return march; crossed the railroad at Saltillo and took the Natchez Trace. After marching a distance of 12 miles west into camp 3 miles south of where the trace crosses Twenty Mile Creek.

Wednesday, the 17th, started again at sunrise. When arriving at the ford found the bridges burned and lost two hours in crossing. Passed through Marietta, and sent a detail of 25 cavalry on the road leading east from that place. Lost another hour in repairing a bridge. Marched 17 miles and bivouacked on Ginger Creek, 15 miles south of Jacinto.

Thursday, the 18th, took up the line of march at sunrise. At noon lost two hours in removing obstructions in the road. Passed through Jacinto and went into camp 2 miles north of town on the Corinth road. Here the cavalry which left us at Marietta rejoined us with 9 more prisoners. Received a dispatch at 11 o'clock from district headquarters with orders to send the cavalry forward and hurry up the infantry.

Friday, the 19th, marched the remaining 14 miles to Corinth, where I arrived at 12 m. and reported to headquarters.

General, I wish to recommend to your notice all the commissioned and non-commissioned officers and men belonging to this command; also the officers belonging to my staff.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

August MERSY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 15, 1862.-JANUARY 3, 1863.-Forrest's Expedition into West Tennessee.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

December 15, 1862.-Forrest's command crosses the Tennessee at Clifton.

18, 1862.-Skirmish at Lexington.

19, 1862.-Engagement near Jackson.

Affairs at Carroll Station and Spring Creek.

20, 1862.-Capture of Humboldt.

Capture of Trenton.

Skirmish at Railroad Crossing, Forked Deer River.

21, 1862.-Affair at Rutherford's Station.

Capture of Union City.

27, 1862.-Skirmish near Huntingdon.

29, 1862.-Skirmish at Huntingdon.

