
could have been brought off. All connected with the artillery fought splendidly; men could not have acted better. Lieutenant McGuire proved himself a brave and gallant officer. Twice the enemy were repulsed, but coming in overpowering numbers the third attempt proved successful; the guns were taken, with every man but one, and he did not leave his post until the gun was taken. From all information I have received I believe the enemy were at least 5,000 strong, with eight pieces of artillery (12-pounders), under command of Brigadier-General Forrest, Confederate Army.

A moment after the guns were taken I was taken prisoner, and the command devolved upon Colonel Meek, Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, Colonel Hawkins being missing. The enemy took 124 prisoners. As far as I can learn, the Eleventh Illinois lost in killed First Lieutenant Slater, Second Lieutenant Wagner, and 7 men; in wounded, 9, and in prisoners, 51. Some of the prisoners were taken in the retreat. The Fifth Ohio lost in prisoners, Adjutant Harrison and 51 men, and the Second West Tennessee about 15 taken prisoners.

The Fourteenth Indiana Battery had 2 men killed and 2 wounded and 29 prisoners, with Lieutenant McGuire. Major Kerr, Captain Sheppard, and Lieutenant Cornell, of the Eleventh, were among the prisoners.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

ROBERT G. INGERSOLL,

Colonel Eleventh Illinois Cavalry.

Brig. Gen. JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Commanding District of Jackson.

Number 5. Report of Colonel Adolph Engelmann, Forty-third Illinois Infantry, of engagement near Jackson.

HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Bolivar, Tenn., December 29, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to report that on December 18, at 9 p. m., under orders of General Sullivan, I proceeded with the Forty-third and Sixty-first Regiments Illinois Volunteers from Jackson out on the Lexington road, with instructions to join and take command of all the United States Cavalry that I might find, and to feel the enemy. Only 3 1\2 miles out I came upon our cavalry, consisting of parts of the Eleventh Illinois, Fifth Ohio, and one company of the Second West Tennessee Regiment. One and a half miles farther out the camp-fires of the enemy could be seen burning cheerfully, while I deemed it prudent to prohibit the kindling of any fire by my command. The night was extremely cold, and I felt mortified at my men having to suffer from its inclemencies, while the enemy were resting by large and comfortable fires. I consulted with Lieutenant-Colonel Dengler on the advisability of attacking the enemy by his camp-fires. But that officer suggested that night attacks, always hazardous, could only be attempted where the attacking parties are perfectly acquainted with the country. These suggestions being only too true, and myself and all of my officers and men being ignorant of the country, I had to abandon the project. On mature deliberation with Lieutenant-Colonel Meek, of the Eleventh Illinois; Major Ohr, of

