
through to Jackson for a section of artillery and one company of cavalry as scouts, but all failed.

On the morning of the 22d, learning the Confederate cavalry were still in Trenton, and my command having been re-enforced by a battalion of infantry, I ordered what supplies we had obtained by foraging to be cooked, intending to make a circuitous night march upon Trenton and to attack it at daybreak the next morning.

About 5 p. m. I placed Colonel Rogers in arrest by order of Major General Grant; directed him to report in person to the commanding officer at Jackson for trial by court-martial, sending the commanding officer at Jackson a copy of the charge, &amp;c., to be forwarded to your headquarters. I informed you by telegraph of what I had done, and why I did it, the same evening. About 6.45 p. m. Brig. Gen. I. N. Haynie, U. S. Volunteers, arrived and relieved me at 9 p. m. from command. Half hour after the arrival of General Haynie I received from Brig. Gen. J. C. Sullivan, U. S. Volunteers, commanding the District of Jackson, Department of the Tennessee, the following telegram:

JACKSON, [December] 22, [1862].

Colonel IHRIE:

General Haynie has at least 1,000 men. I have ordered up artillery. I can spare no more men, as Bolivar may have to be re-enforced. I think the rebels are leaving.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

To which I made the following reply:

HUMBOLDT, December 22, l862-7.15 p. m.

General SULLIVAN, Jackson:

Don't want more men. Never asked for more men except some cavalry. Nothing but starvation would have got me out this strong fort. Haynie arrived half hour ago.

GEORGE P. IHRIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

At 7.30 p. m. of the 23d December was surprised to receive a telegram from you informing me General Sullivan had preferred charges against me for assumption of authority. At 8 p. m. I was astonished and don founded by being arrested by General Haynie, in accordance with the following telegram:

JACKSON, [December] 23, [1862].

Brigadier-General HAYNIE:

By order of General Grant you will immediately place Colonel George P. Ihrie under arrest and order him to report at Holly Springs.

JER. C. SULLIVAN,

Brigadier-General.

I immediately telegraphed you twice to know whether or not General Grant had authorized General Sullivan to have me arrested, to which I have received no categorical answer. I am yet at loss to understand this strange proceeding. Colonel Fogers reported himself the morning of the 23d December to Brigadier-General Sullivan, the officer commanding at Jackson, as directed, and was by him released from arrest and returned to duty with his regiment. Considering the man's inexperience and incompetency and utter unfitness for the command of anything military, to say nothing of his insubordination, and, I'm afraid, cowardice, I could not see that the exigency of the service required his release; and believing such offenses (aggravated in this case by the circumstances of our position) to be destructive of all order and disci

