
pline, and if allowed to go unpunished certain to render inefficient and uncontrollable any army in the world, I deemed it my duty to prefer charges against Brigadier-General Sullivan, a copy of which was duly forwarded to you. The few official papers rendered necessary by my assumption of command on the 20th December I inclosed to General Sullivan to be forwarded to your headquarters.

I herewith inclose you my order,* issued on being relieved from command by Brigadier-General Haynie, U. S. Volunteers.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE P. IHRIE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, U. S. Army.

P. S. -I add my telegram to the general commanding the department announcing the result:

HUMBOLDT, December 22, [1862].

Maj. General U. S. GRANT, Oxford, Miss.:

The troops under my command, after some brisk skirmishing, recaptured this place day before yesterday little after dark, driving out the Confederate cavalry and causing them to drop some of their plunder. We also saved two of our trains. The road is cut up to Union City in numerous places and telegraphic communications with Columbus is destroyed. If I had had a single piece of artillery I should have fought my way to Union City.

GEORGE P. IHRIE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. Dept. of the Tenn., Holly Springs, Miss.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 31, 1862.

SIR: I herewith report to you that the officer commanding United States troops at Trenton, Tenn., at the time it was attacked by Forrest's Confederate cavalry, selected the worst possible place for defense, the railroad depot, entirely and easily commanded from two different points, only about 200 yards distant, and situated on the western edge of the town and on low, flat ground. It seems to have been his studious care to save the town at the expense of the surrender of his command. Trenton is built like most of the Southern towns you have visited-a brick court-house in the center of a square surrounded by houses. Had he taken up his position in this court-house and barricaded the streets leading to it, through the faces of the square, with cotton bales the Confederate artillery never could have reached him, except through the houses of their friends. Here he could have held out one, two, or three days, when he would have been relieved by the arrival of our troops, as I had made arrangements to make a night march upon Trenton the day I was relieved by General Haynie. I will only add when his position for defense was made known to me I could hardly believe it, and left mortified in the extreme.

I come now to even a more painful subject. On reaching Columbus, Ky., on the night of the 29th instant, via Hickman, Ky., I found the commanding officer there even worse stampeded than was the commanding officer at Jackson. It would be ridiculous but for the serious results; as it is, it is akin to being disgraceful. In the conscientious

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

