
discharge of my duty I recommend he be removed from his command, as unfit for the important position, in consequence of being too easily scared.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE P. IHRIE,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp, Acting Inspector-General, D. T.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of the Tennessee.

Number 9. Report of Captain Samuel B. Logan, Fifty-fourth Illinois Infantry, of capture of Union City.

COLUMBUS, KY., December 27, 1862.

In obedience to the orders of General Davies I left this place by rail the 23d instant[?] for Union City, Tenn., and arrived at that place about 3 o'clock that evening. Before the cars were unloaded I proceeded to detail 6 men to canvass (two going together) the country in the near vicinity of the town, with the view of examining all the approaches. Pickets were posted at the usual stands. My men were preparing dinner, having had no regular meal the day before.

While this was being done I sent men to press horses, that I might send horsemen on the Troy road and Wallace Mill Bridge road to act as scouts and advance pickets.

At about 4 o'clock p. m. a flag of truce came to the picket stationed on the Hickman road, borne by Lieutenant-Colonel Collins of the Confederate Army, protecting Federal prisoners from Trenton and below to within our lines.

While I was trying to telegraph you the above facts, and before the horses had been procured for the advance pickets-twenty minutes having not yet elapsed since the reception of the flag of truce covering the prisoners-the Confederate Army, under General Forrest, I judge to the number of 1,500, surrounded my command in every direction but one, to within easy musket range. Their cannon were shouted and sighted upon us, three of which were in full view. From the time their forces first appeared in view three minutes did not transpire before we were thus surrounded. General Forrest sent a flag of truce forward. My men needing my attention for a moment I sent Sutler R. W. Jones to meet the flag. A demand was made for an unconditional surrender of the post and forces. When I arrived at the flag of truce of General Forrest, Jones was stoutly claiming to the bearer of the flag that it was utterly contrary to honorable warfare to demand that I should surrender my forces under the surroundings. The flag of truce which protected the Federal prisoners, then in full view, was pointed to and a definite explanation was given of how and when it made my lines, by whom borne, and now flying within my quarters.

While this colloquy was being held General Forrest rode up, and Lieutenant Hanford, of the Fourth Illinois Cavalry, a prisoner from trenton, demurred to the general that he should demand the surrender of the post under the then circumstances, fully explaining then as before. The general again demanded an immediate and unconditional

