
surrender. Deeming it to be extreme folly to fight to unequal a force I surrendered my command of 94 men to the above terms.

I would also state that a few moments only before Forrest's force made their appearance Lient. A. B. Balch and Orderly B. C. Percell accompanied Lieutenant-Colonel Collins from my headquarters to the prisoners, who yet waited at the picket station, for the purpose of bringing them in, and while directly with that flag of truce were both forced to surrender.

Five citizens who accompanied me were compelled to give parole not to return within Confederate lines during the war. I would do Lieutenant-Colonel Collins and General Forrest whatever justice there may be in their most emphatic denial of collusion in the two flags of truce.

Respectfully submitted.

S. B. LOGAN,

Captain, Commanding Post, Union City.

The ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Number 10. Report of Colonel John W. Fuller, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations December 18, l862-January 9, 1863, including engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.

HDQRS. 1ST. BRIG., 8TH DIV., 16TH ARMY CORPS, DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE, Corinth, Miss., January 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with orders from division headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by that portion of my command recently detached from the division while under General Sullivan's orders:

After 9 o'clock on the evening of December l8, when encamped near Oxford, Miss., I received orders to proceed immediately with the infantry of my command by rail to Jackson, Tenn., there to report to Brigadier-General Sullivan. About midnight the Thirty-ninth Ohio, Colonel Noves, left Oxford, and at 3 o'clock the following morning the Twenty-seventh Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Spaulding, followed. Leaving instructions for Colonel Sprague to follow as soon as cars could be obtained for the transportation of his own regiment and the Forty-third Ohio, I started for Jackson on the train conveying The Twenty-seventh Regiment. I did not reach Jackson until nearly 4 p. m. of the 19th. Immediately on our arrival Colonel Spaulding was ordered by General Sullivan to report with his regiment to Colonel Lawler to the front, and I learned from General Sullivan that Colonel Noyes had been sent with his regiment in another direction to report to General Brayman. I afterward learned that the Sixty-third and Forty-third Regiments, upon reaching Bolivar, had been ordered by General Grant to remain there for the defense of that place.

The following morning a General Order from General Sullivan announced that my command would consist of the twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Regiments of Ohio Infantry, and would form the rear of the column. As soon as I could find the regiments I marched in the direction of Lexington, overtaking the main column about 10 miles east of Jackson. While halting here cannonading was heard in the direc-

