
tion of Humboldt. After an hour's halt we continued the march until about 19 miles distant from Jackson, where we bivouacked for the night.

The next morning at 6 o'clock we returned over the same road, my command, which was in advance, reaching Jackson between l and 2 p. m.

On the 27th we went by cars to Trenton, where the Sixty-third Ohio rejoined us. I reported, in accordance with General Sullivan's order, to General Haynie, but General Sullivan arrived the same evening and assumed command.

About 5 a. m., December 28, we marched toward Huntington and bivouacked near Shady Grove. The next morning, marching through McLemoresville, we reached Huntington about 4 p. m.

On the 31st I marched at 5 a. m. on the road toward Lexington, leaving behind seven companies on guard duty, which General Sullivan said would march when he was ready to start, and would form a rear guard. Between 10 and 11 a. m., while my column was halting near Clarksburg, Generals Sullivan and Haynie, with their respective staffs and a small escort of cavalry, overtook us. General Sullivan ordered me to halt for an hour or an hour and a half till the rear guard could rejoin me, and then passed on toward Clarksburg. Within ten minutes afterward an orderly rode back at a gallop, saying that the enemy's cavalry had got between my command and Generals Sullivan and Haynie, and that these officers with their escort had ridden on through Clarksburg followed by the enemy.

I moved forward, on a double-quick, instantly, and upon reaching Clarksburg learned from an officer of the Thirty-ninth Iowa (who had been accidentally left on picket duty where Colonel Dunham's column had bivouacked the previous night) that the enemy's force consisted of about 50 cavalry. This officer's post was to the east of Clarksburg. The enemy had approached from the west and took the road leading south, passing before this officer had an opportunity to fire on them. I learned also that Generals Sullivan and Haynie left the road directly after passing Clarksburg, taking an easterly direction. The enemy upon reaching the same point probably saw my advance, as they filed out of the road rapidly through the wood to the west.

After a half of about ten minutes, learning nothing more, we continued our march. Soon the sound of artillery in our front advised us that Colonel Dunham's brigade was engaging the enemy, and we began to march in earnest. The firing was first heard to the right of the point where the road from McLemorsville crosses that leading from Huntington to Lexington; in half an hour it was directly in our front; half an hour later it was all to the left of the crossing, thereby rendering it certain that the enemy, who approached from McLemoresville, was rapidly driving Colonel Dunham's brigade before him. Very soon thereafter the rattle of musketry was distinct, and thinking the hour a critical one for the small force, who were evidently fighting against odds, I urged my men to their utmost speed. When within about 2 miles of Parker's house an orderly galloped to the head of the column, saying, "General Sullivan, who is coming up with the rear guard about 3 miles behind, orders you to halt until he comes up." I directed Captain Dustan, assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, to ride back to the general as fast as possible, to explain the situation, and to ask that the order to halt be countermanded. Immediately after Captain Dustan started upon this errand one of my orderlies, who had been sent to the front to communicate with Colonel Dunham, returned. He was

