
unable to get through, as the enemy's position was between us and that of Colonel Dunham's brigade. From near Parker's house, where they were in force, the enemy had fired on him. When I learned this I felt assured that General Sullivan would, if present and in possession of the facts, countermand his order to halt, and I therefore directed that the men instead of halting should move forward as rapidly as possible.

When the head of our column was within about 200 yards of the hill which commanded a view of the enemy's position, and where our column was deployed, General Sullivan overtook me. The Twenty-seventh and Sixty-third Regiments were at once formed on the left and the Thirty-ninth Regiment on the right of the road, when we advanced upon the rear of the enemy's artillery, which was feebly supported and abandoned (with but little fighting on his part) when we approached. Our artillery took a position on the left (east) of the road, and directly after opening fire two pieces followed the infantry until they occupied ground side by side with the rebel guns, while the other piece was moved to the west side of the road, where it was effectively used upon the rebels who were escaping by breaking to the front and right of our lines.

Some hundreds of the enemy, who had dismounted and had been fighting as infantry, had left their horses in the orchard and yard near Parker's house. These horses were the first trophies which fell into our hands, and more than 300 of their riders thus rendered unable to get away surrendered themselves as prisoner. A small train of wagons which the enemy had gained possession of was captured in the road a short distance south of Parker's house, and one, at least, of the guns belonging to Colonel Dunham's command was retaken from the enemy in this road.

The dead bodies of our artillerists lying close to this gun attested the fidelity and bravery with which the men of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery stood at their posts until their last round of ammunition was expended.

Among the prisoners who surrendered were several officers of prominence. Lieutenant-Colonel Cox, of Cox's battalion, and Major Strange (Forrest's adjutant-general), who, together with the captain commanding Forrest's body guard, were unhorsed by a volley from the Twenty-seventh Ohio when riding off the field with their general, and Colonel Black, who afterward escaped in citizen's clothes, with several others whose names I have forgotten.

Before referring to our subsequent march I deem it a duty I owe to the officers and men of my command (who had marched 7 miles within an hour and a half to reach the field, and who after this exertion rushed forward with such enthusiasm as to produce a panic in the enemy's ranks) to clair for them the honor of capturing what was taken from the enemy at Parker's Cross-Roads, and also of recapturing prisoners, artillery, baggage wagons, and animals which before their arrival on the field had fallen into the hands of the enemy. When we reached the field the enemy who from the best evidence I could obtain, were about double the number of Colonel Dunham's force, were in front and on both flanks of that brigade. A flag of truce, which had not returned to General Forrest when our guns opened, had, as Colonel Dunham informed me, demanded an unconditional surrender. Firing had ceased for some fifteen minutes prior to our arrival, nor did the command of Colonel Dunham fire a shot at the enemy as he moved past their flanks to their rear.

About two hours after the enemy had precipitately fled General Sullivan informed me that he was returning and was advancing upon our

