
not learn of anything resulting, excepting a wound received by Colonel Lawler's assistant adjutant-general, who was hit in the leg.

The march of this day was more severe on the men of my command than any I have witnessed. The road was horrible, and the rain, which fell steadily, made it still more so.

On the 5th we marched toward Bethel, reaching that place on the 7th. The next day we marched for Corinth, arriving on the afternoon of the 9th. Here, for the first time in twenty-two days, we found shelter, full rations for the men, and shoes for at least 150, who had marched bareffoted for 50 miles.

The accompanying reports of commanding officers give a detailed account of the movements of their respective regiments.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. FULLER,

Colonel Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE E. SPENCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 11. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Zephaniah S. Spaulding, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, of operations December 19, 1863, including engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-SEVENTH OHIO INFANTRY,Corinth, Miss., January 20, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular-orders from brigade headquarters, in relation to the part taken by this command in the late campaign in West Tennessee, I have the honor to report that I left Oxford, Miss., on the morning of the 19 th ultimo, by railroad, with an aggregate of 568 officers and men, having left behind 2 commissioned officers and 92 men to guard the camp and care for the sick, and proceeded to Jackson, Tenn., where we arrived about 5 p. m. I was ordered to bivouac for the night near the town; but upon reporting to Colonel Lawler, commanding the trenches, I was ordered to the front about 3 miles, with a battery of artillery, where I found General Brayman, and from him received instructions to rest at that point. The next morning, finding I had been sent out there without instructions. General Brayman gave me my choice between joining his column or awaiting further orders there. I accented the latter, and about 10 o'clock received instructions from General Sullivan in person to take up my line of march on the Lexington road, as support to two batteries which had just arrived from Jackson. During the day Colonel Fuller overtook us and assumed command. Marched about 15 miles and bivouacked for the night, when one of my companies, which had been detailed at Jackson, joined us, and my acting quartermaster arrived with rations for the men.

On the 21st we returned to Jackson. Here we remained for six days, during which time my men suffered a great deal for want of proper shelter, rations, and cooking utensils, which were impossible to procure. Although we were called upon to perform more than ordinary duty I do not think that the state of affairs at Jackson warranted the treatment my command received.

