
sufficient to sustain life, the regiment is greatly indebted. I am proud to acknowledge his worth. But the system adopted, by which the men gant marches without a proper and sufficient supply of rations, and allowing, as was done, the promiscuous seizing, without proper vouchers, &amp;c., of everything that came within reach, I most heartily condemn. It tended to destroy my discipline, demoralize my command, and render a regiment of good and brave soldiers a lawless mob. Of the marches thence to Bethel I have little to say; but I am assured that I express the feelings of my entire command when I say it was with pleasure that our connections were broken.

Arriving at this place on the 9th instant, with my regiment in a condition it has never known in the eighteen months' hard service, the telling effect of its campaign becoming more and more apparent, with 79 men unable, from lack of shoes or from sickness or debility, to make the march from Bethel here, we were received by General Dodge with an interest that showed his appreciation of our condition, and a willingness to supply our many wants which will cause us to ever hold him in high regard.

Of the actions of my officers during the battle and on the march I can only speak in terms of praise.

I am, captain, with much respect, your obedient servant,

Z. S. SPAULDING,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

Captain C. W. DUSTAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

Number 12. Report of Colonel Edward JF. Noyes, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, of operations December 18, 1862-January 9, 1863, including engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH OHIO REGIMENT,Camp at Corinth, Miss., January 19, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I have the honor to report the part taken by the regiment under my command in the recent campaign in West Tennessee;

At 10.30 o'clock on the evening of December 18 an order was received from brigade headquarters for the regiment to be ready to move by rail to Jackson, Tenn. (that place being threatened by the enemy), with three day's rations and 100 rounds of ammunition. At 11 o'clock I reported my regiment ready to move, and was ordered to take the train then in waiting at the railroad depot.

Arriving in Jackson December 19, reported to Brigadier-General Sullivan, and was temporarily placed under command of Brigadier-General Haynie. Colonel Fuller, commanding the Ohio brigade, not having arrived. Was sent about 1 mile northeast of the town to relieve another regiment, and bivouacked there for the night.

December 20 marched in pursuit of Forrest's cavalry 19 miles, toward Lexington; but finding that Forrest, with the greater part of his force, had moved by another road and crossed toward the river in our rear, we were ordered to countermarch, and arrived in Jackson on December 21.

