
sary one it is cut of all propriety to complain it; if unnecessary, as I think, I feel it to be due to the men under my command to enter my solemn protest against its repletion in the future under similar circumstances.

From January 5 to the 9th inclusive marched to Corinth. Arrived there on the 9th, having in two weeks made a forced march of about 200 miles without transportation, without Government rations, and with no supplies but such as could be seized in a poor country along the way (generally only pork and corn-meal, without cooking utensils and without medical supplies), subject to all the demoralization consequent upon their being obliged to provide themselves with food or suffer from hunger. The command reached Corinth ragged, shoreless, dispirited, and worn-out.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant

EDW. F. NOYES,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain C. W. DUSTAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 13. Report of Colonel John W. Sprague, Sixty-third Ohio Infantry, of operations December 18, 1862-January 9, 1863, including engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTY-THIRD OHIO INFANTRY,Corinth, Miss., January 19, 1863.

COLONEL: In pursuance of your order received this day requiring a report of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign in Tennessee, I have the honor to state that the Sixty-third and the Forty-third Ohio Regiments left Oxford, Miss., by cars on December 19, 1862, for Jackson, Tenn. On arrival the same evening at Bolivar, Tenn., I received an order by telegraph from Major-General Grant to disembark the two regiments at that place and make the best disposition in my power to defend the railroad and public stores at and near Bolivar. General Brayman, the commander of the post, being absent, and finding myself the senior officer, I assumed command and at once made such disposition as I thought necessary to hold the place, which was then threatened by cavalry and mounted infantry under Van Dorn and Jackson. For this purpose I used the cotton found deposited there. The enemy, however, made no further demonstrations than slight skirmishing with our pickets and vedettes.

On the evening of the 23d General Brayman returned with four pieces of artillery, and still later Colonel Lee arrived with a large force of cavalry, and the next day easily drove the enemy from that part of the country.

On December 27 General Brayman ordered me to proceed with the Sixty-third Ohio Regiment to Jackson and report to Brigadier-General Trenton, Tenn., where we arrived the same evening, and were again brigaded with the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Ohio Regiments under your command.

December 28 marched to Shady Grove, 16 miles.

37 R R-VOL XVII

