
This day's march (18 miles) was one of the hardest I have ever witnessed. The rains had made the roads deep with mud, in which were hidden boulders, making the footing so uncertain that men could be seen every moment falling on their faces in the mud and water. We arrived at Bath Springs on our return the same evening.

On the morning of the 5th our march for Bethel was commenced. We made 16 miles and bivouacked.

Next morning (the 6th) resumed march, making 16 miles, and bivouacked near Robinson's Mill.

On the 7th we again marched 17 miles and bivouacked at Bethel.

On the 8th marched for Corinth, through Purdy, making about 16 miles, and on the 9th arrived at Corinth, and encamped about 1 mile south of the town, where I presume it is proper to state our campaign in Tennessee ended.

It is proper to state that from the time we left Oxford, on December 19, until January 9, we were without a particle of camp equipage or baggage, and from the time we left Trenton, December 28, our only subsistence was such as could be gathered along the road, which was a very scanty supply of corn-meal and meat, and these had to be prepared without cooking utensils and a part of the time without salt.

The hardships, privations, exposures, and fatigues of the campaign told fearfully on the officers and men of my command, but good order and discipline were preserved through the efficiency of company officers and the high soldierly qualities of the men.

Lieutenant J. S. Antrim was taken prisoner December 31 by the enemy, while acting as regimental quartermaster and foraging for the regiment.

Private James Orr, Company C, was missing on the evening of January 3, and has not since been heard from.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN W. SPRAGUE,

Colonel.

Colonel J. W. FULLER, Commanding Brigade.

Number 14. Report of Colonel Cyrus L. Dunham, Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, of skirmish at Huntington, December 30, and engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE,Parker's Cross-Roads, near Lexington, Tenn., Dec. 31, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of your written order of yesterday, the 30th instant, I on that day at about 2 p. m. left Huntington in pursuit of the gate under my command, except the Seventh Tennessee, which was by your orders left to guard the bridge north of Huntington. My command consisted of parts of two companies (A and E) of the Eighteenth Fiftieth Indiana Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Wells commanding, 525; the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois, Colonel Rinaker, 529; the Thirty-ninth Iowa, Colonel Cummings, 405, and three pieces of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery, 30 men, under Lieutenant Wheelock-in Seventh Wisconsin Battery, 30 men, under Lieutenant Wheelock-in all, 1,554, rank and file. Notwithstanding all were weary and worn with toilsome marches and arduous duties already performed our little force

