
hospital steward, were captured by the enemy's cavalry in the charge upon our rear. Dr. Hervey and the hospital steward were detained for two hours, our wounded in the mean time being left to suffer for want of their attention. Lieutenant D. S. Scott, of the Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, was suddenly surrounded and taken while zealously discharging his duties.

The enemy's losses and the fruits of the complete and over wheel min victory which your timely aid secured to us are more fully within your own knowledge, and it is therefore unnecessary for me to make any statement in regard to them.

Respectfully submitted.

C. L. DUNHAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brig. Gen. J. C. SULLIVAN, Commanding Division.

Number 15. Report of Colonel John I. Rinaker, One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry, of skirmish at Clarksburg and engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS 122D ILLINOIS INFANTRY REGIMENT,Saulsbury, Tenn., August 25, 1863.

COLONEL: In compliance with the request contained in your circular-letter of August 20, 1863, from Memphis, Tenn., I submit as a response thereto, by way of certified statement, the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Volunteer Infantry 10 miles north of Lexington, Henderson County, Tenn., on the 31st day of December, 1862. I have perhaps indulged in more particularity of statement than is consistent with the plan you have adopted, even contemplated, or the subject of the statement deserves, but have, though hurriedly done, endeavored to do so with reasonable clearness:

On the night of the 27th of December, 1862, at 11.30 o'clock, nine companies of the regiment under my command (One hundred and twenty-second), numbering 527 men, including officers and men, with the Fiftieth Indiana, Colonel Dunham; Thirty-ninth Iowa, Colonel Cummings, and Seventh Tennessee Infantry, Colonel Rogers, and three pieces of artillery of Seventh Wisconsin Battery, with 50 men from Eighteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry (mounted), numbering in all 1,800 men, constituting what was called the Third Brigade, and commanded by Colonel Cyrus Dunham, Fiftieth Indiana, moved from Trenton. Next day the Ohio brigade, Colonel Fuller commanding, with the remainder of the Seventh Wisconsin Battery, followed us, it numbering near 2,000 men.

We marched to Huntington, Carroll County, where we arrived on the evening of the 29th of December, 1862. We marched with the brigade from Huntington at noon on the 30th and reached Clarksburg on the night of the same day. Here the advance of our brigade had a slight skirmish with the flankers of Forrest's forces, he (Forrest) having gone from a point north of Huntington via McLemoresville to the south and then the west, toward Parker's, on the Huntington and Lexington road, during the night of the 29th and the day of the 30th, and was then with his main force 6 miles west of us.

On the morning of the 31st day of December we moved forward about

