
In the mean time about six companies of the Thirty-ninth Iowa had been moved away, leaving our left exposed and enabling the enemy to concentrate their fire on our front, and leaving it in the power of the rebels to flank us on the left and get into our rear in a hollow running nearly parallel to our line and covered from their own artillery, and within 150 yards of the rear of our line. At this moment I was struck just below the right knee, severing the artery, and soon so reducing me that I was unable to take any active part in the fray. Then I directed my lieutenant-colonel to give attention to the enemy in our rear, as they had opened upon us from that direction, while he was tying a compress upon my leg to stop the loss of blood. He immediately about-faced the regiment, fixed bayonets, and charged the enemy, three times our number, and put them to utter, hopeless flight. This move threw the whole rebel force into confusion on that side, and those who were north of us, in what had been our front, supposing themselves cut off, fled, leaving several pieces of their artillery, from which the horses had been shot during the hour and fifteen minutes' fight preceding the charge. At the end of the bayonet charge, which was made under the direction and control of Lieutenant-Colonel Drish of my regiment, the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois found itself in possession of several hundred prisoners, and at this time the Fiftieth Indiana, which had occupied a position somewhat retired in the last line and at an angle of twenty-five degrees to our line, making the extreme right considerably retired, now being faced about, also pressed the rebels, the Indianians' line serving to flank the enemy (and I may say here the Indianians did well), and the portion of the Thirty-ninth Iowa, having just a moment previously occupied a position far to our rear and left, also closed up and pressed upon the opposite flank of the rebels, making the rout of Forrest's men complete.

Forrest was unable to rally his men again, and was in full retreat when the Second Brigade came in sight, the appearance of which greatly added to the celerity of the rebels' flight and afforded our gallant Ohio friends no opportunity to participate in the rout of a force we could have destroyed had the Second Brigade arrived in time which they would have done but for the genius for tardiness exhibited by General Sullivan, who moved and traveled with and controlled the movements of the Ohioans, and was in command of the expedition from Jackson, whence the movement was made.

The rebels left a large number of killed and wounded on the field, a large quantity of small-arms, a great many horses, Colonel Dunham says 7 pieces of his artillery, and above 500 prisoners.

My regiment lost 1 commissioned officer killed, Lieutenant Bristow, of Company H; 2 wounded, the colonel, and Captain William B. Dugger, Company A; and 70 men killed and wounded, 16 of whom were killed dead on the field and 8 or 10 stragglers were taken prisoners. The officers present were the colonel, lieutenant-colonel, all the captains except of Company I and Company G, Captain Sawyer and Captain Cowen; all of the lieutenants except those of Company I and Second Lieutenant Halderman, Company A, First Lieutenant McKnight, Company H, and First Lieutenant Holt, of Company D, who were absent by proper authority.

None of my officers present failed to do their whole duty. This was the first battle the regiment was ever in. The men behaved like old soldiers, and after the first fire their shots told and were very effective. The fight commenced about 9 a. m. and lasted, including the time occupied in maneuvering after the first firing, till about 3 p. m., when firing

