
entirely ceased. Colonel Dunham commanded the brigade and is a gal lant soldier. His regiment was on our right while in line and was engaged some time before my regiment was, it having fought for a time as skirmishers. While my regiment was in line it fired between 20 and 30 rounds. The regiment reached its quarters on the return after the battle at Trenton, Tenn., at midnight on the 5th of January, 1863.

The regiment was at a skirmish at Town Creek in the last of April, 1863, but suffered no loss. I was not present.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOHN I. RINAKER,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infty. Regt.

I certify on honor the foregoing written papers contain a true and correct statement of the facts as they transpired at the times and places therein mentioned, according to my best recollection and belief.

JOHN I. RINAKER,

Colonel One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infty. Regt.

Colonel A. L. CHETLAIN,

President of Board, &amp;c.

Number 16. Report of Colonel H. J. B. Cummings, Thirty-ninth Iowa Infantry, of engagement at Parker's Cross-Roads.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH IOWA INFANTRY,Battle Ground, Parker's Cross-Roads, December 31, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Parker's Cross-Roads this day:

Upon arriving at the cross-roads we were halted, and remained in that position some time, while the Fiftieth Indiana Infantry, deployed as skirmishers and supported by two pieces of artillery, engaged the rebels upon the hill to the right and west of the road. We were then ordered to file to the right, up the lane, to take position in the woods upon the hills, and upon arriving there I was ordered to countermarch and take position about a mile south of the cross-roads, and there formed in front of a few log houses, upon the left of the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois Infantry.

About 11 a. m. I changed front forward on first company and moved north about a quarter of a mile, and again formed on the left of the One hundred and twenty-second Illinois behind a fence. Here we were exposed to a murderous fire from two pieces of the enemy's artillery in frontad a battery of about six guns upon our right, which enfiladed my entire line; we were also exposed to a heavy musketry fire from the enemy's dismounted cavalry. My men were in a low skirt of timber, but returned for a long time, with much energy, the fire from their rifles. Notwithstanding the grape, canister, and shell of the enemy were falling thick upon them, wounding many, they behaved admirably and fought with much coolness; and here allow me to remark that they were greatly encouraged by the presence of Colonel Dunham, commanding the brigade, who, admit the thickest of the iron hail, rode in front and rear of them, urging them to do or die for their country.

