
river, and found that they had been advised that their rear was followed. I did not deem it prudent to follow farther. I propose to reconnoiter the country in the vicinity of Clifton again, and will remain till I hear from you. If you send the artillery we can use it to good advantage.

The above hasty report is respectfully submitted.

W. K. M. BRECKENRIDGE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General DODGE.

Number 18. Report of Colonel Michael K. Lawler, Eighteenth Illinois Infantry, of skirmish near Clifton, January 3, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDER OF POST,Jackson, Tenn., January 9, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to orders received from General Sullivan on the 1st instant, I proceeded with my command to the Tennessee River, opposite Clifton, in pursuit of the rebels under General Forrest. The first day marched 26 miles, to Mr. Sparks', 9 miles this side of Clifton, and on the 3d January marched with our brigade to the river. The rebels had all crossed the river the evening previous at Clifton and other points below. One regiment was ordered to deploy in front of the town and shelter behind the timber and reply to the battery on the other side, which they did in handsome style, driving the artillerists from their guns. Their batteries played upon us for two hours pretty vigorously, and, with intermission, for one and one-half hours more. The river bank on the Clifton side being much higher than this side we could not use artillery to advantage, and did not use it. There was no force of the enemy in sight except those with the guns.

My adjutant-general, Joseph B. Thorp, was wounded in the leg by a rifle-ball. This was the only casualty at the river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. K. LAWLER,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain BUCHANAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 19. Report of General Braxton Bragg, C. S. Army, commanding Army of Tennessee, of Forrest's and Morgan's Expeditions.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE,Winchester, Tenn., January 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to forward the reports made by General Forrest and Morgan* of their recent operations, showing the entire success of their expeditions. In transmitting these reports it may not be amiss for me to recapitulate the plan on which the whole campaign has been conducted since this army crossed the Tennessee River. As soon as my forces were sufficiently concentrated to enable

---------------

*Morgan's report will appear in Series I, Vol. XX.

---------------

