
handed over to the citizens, from whom many of them had been pressed of stolen. Colonel Russell, who was protecting our rear at Spring Creek, found the enemy advancing and following us with 3,000 infantry, two batteries, and several hundred cavalry. He skirmished with them during the evening and the next morning before daylight dismounted half of his command and succeeded in getting within 60 yards of their encampment. They discovered him and formed in line of battle. He delivered a volley as soon as their line was formed and the balance of the regiment charged on horseback. The enemy became panic-stricken and retreated hastily across Spring Creek, burning the bridge after them. We have heard nothing from them since in that direction.

Colonel [James W.] Starnes took Humboldt, capturing over 100 prisoners. He destroyed the stockade, railroad depot, and burned up a trestle bridge near that point.

Colonel Dibrell's command failed to destroy the bridge over the Forked Deer River, as the enemy were strongly fortified and protected by two creeks on one side of the railroad and a wide, swampy bottom on the other, which rendered the approach of cavalry impossible. He dismounted his men, and while approaching their fort a train arrived from Jackson with a regiment of infantry. Lieutenant [John W., jr.,] on it gaining the stockade. Owing to the situation of the stockade and the density of the timber and the wet, miry condition of the bottom, the guns could not be brought to bear on it. Night coming on Colonel Dibrell withdrew and rejoined my command.

We remained in Trenton during the night of the 20th, paroling all the prisoners and selecting from the stores at the depot such as were needed by the command.

On the morning of the 21st I fired the depot, burning up the remaining supplies, with about 600 bales of cotton, 200 barrels of pork, and a large lot of tobacco in hogsheads, used by the enemy for breastworks. After seeing everything destroyed I moved on in the direction of Union City, capturing at Rutherford Station two companies of Federals and destroying the railroad from Trenton to Kenton Station, at which place we captured Colonel [Thomas J.]

Kinney, of the One hundred and twenty-second [One hundred and nineteenth] Illinois Regiment, and 22 men left sick in the hospital. I took a portion of the command and pushed ahead to Union City, capturing 106 Federals without firing a gun. I destroyed the railroad bridge over the beyond near Moscow and am completing the destruction of the bridges over the North and South Fork of Obion River, with nearly 4 miles of trestling in the bottom between them. We have made a clean sweep of the Federals and roads north of Jackson, and know of no Federals except at Fort Heiman, Paducah, and Columbus, north of Jackson and west of the Tennessee River. Reports that are reliable show that the Federals are rapidly sending up troops from Memphis. One hundred and twenty-five transports passed down a few days ago within ten hours, and daily they are passing up loaded with troops. General Grant must either be in a very critical condition or else affairs in Kentucky require the movement.

In closing my report, general, allow me to say that great credit is due to the officers of my command. They have exhibited great zeal, energy, endurance, and gallantry.

Colonel Russell and his command deserve especial notice for their gallantry in the fight at Lexington and Springt Creek.

Captain [F. B.] Gurley, [Fourth Alabama Cavalry], with 12 men charged a gun at Lexington supported by over 100 Federal cavalry. He cap-

