
bama Cavalry], in their rear. We drove them through the woods with great slaughter and several white flags were raised in various portions of the woods and the killed and wounded were strewn over the ground. Thirty minutes more would have given us the day, when to my surprise and astonishment a fire was opened on us in our rear and the enemy in heavy force under General [J. C.] Sullivan advanced on us. Knowing that I had four companies at Clarksburg, 7 miles from us on the Huntingdon road, I could not believe that they were Federals until I rode up myself into their lines. The heavy fire of their infantry unexpected and unlooked for by all caused a stampede of horses belonging to my dismounted men, who were following up and driving the enemy before them. They also killed and crippled many of the horses attached to our caissons and reserved guns.

I had sent back 2 miles for more ammunition. My men had been fighting for five hours, and both artillery and small-arm ammunition were well-night exhausted. We occupied the battle-field, were in possession of the enemy's dead and wounded and their three pieces of artillery, and had demanded a surrender of the brigade, which would doubtless have been forced or accepted in half an hour, the colonel commanding proposing to leave the field entirely and withdraw his force provided we would allow him to bury his dead; but believing I could force, and that in a short time, the demand,the fighting continued, the Federals scattering in every direction. The stampede of horses and horse-holders announced that help was at hand, and finding my command now exposed to fire from both front and rear I was compelled to withdraw, which I did in good order, leaving behind our dead and wounded. We were able to bring off six pieces of artillery and two caissons, the balance, with the three guns we captured, we were compelled to leave, as most of the horses were killed or crippled and the drivers in the same condition, which rendered it impossible to get them out under the heavy fire of the enemy from both front and rear. Our loss in artillery is three guns and eight caissons and one piece which burst during the action.

The enemy's -loss was very heavy in killed and wounded, and as we had the field and saw them piled up and around the fences had a good opportunity of judging their loss. We gave them grape and canister from our guns at 300 yards, and as they fell back through the timber their loss was terrible. The prisoners say that at least one-third of the command was killed or wounded. From all I could see and learn from my aides and officers they must have lost in killed and wounded from 800 to 1,000 men. The fire of our artillery for accuracy and rapidity was scarcely, if ever, excelled, and their position in the fence corners proved to the enemy, instead of a protection, a source of great loss, as our shot and shell scattered them to the winds, and many were killed by rails that were untouched by balls.

Captain Freeman and Lieutenant [J. W.] Morton of our batteries, with all of their men, deserve special mention, keeping up, as they did, a constant fire from their pieces, notwithstanding the enemy made every effort at silencing their pieces by shooting down the artillerists at the guns. The whole command fought well. We had about 1,800 men in the engagement, and fought six regiments of infantry, with three pieces of artillery, which we charged and took, but were compelled to leave them, as the horses were all killed or crippled. We brought off 83 prisoners, and they report their respective regiments as badly cut up. They lost 3 colonels and many company officers.

We have on our side to deplore the death of Colonel [T.] Alonzo Napier, [Tenth Tennessee Cavalry], who was killed while leading his men in a

