
your order to Coldwater Station, on the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad, but on arrival found that the enemy were retreating in the direction of Senatobia. After burning the depot and contents and three railroad cars we pushed on after the retreating rebels, driving them before us, and certainly (kicking up a dust in their rear) to within 2 miles of Senatobia; not having time under your orders to pursue them farther, returned and joined you at Coldwater Bridge.

On of my men who had straggled behind was fired upon between

Coldwater Station and the bridge by guerrillas and wounded, and 1 man accidentally shot himself after our return to the bridge, causing his death in a short time. Returning to Hernando encamped for the night. On the morning of the 12th, after your departure for Memphis, I moved by your order out upon the Holly Springs road 5 or 6 miles. Coming upon the enemy's pickets, we fired upon them several times and drove them beyond Coldwater, returning through Hernando. I there road we had marched over in our approach to that place the day previous.

Passing you on the Hernando and Memphis road, leaving a portion of my force with you, I pushed on to Memphis. During the day's march we were twice fired upon by guerrillas, but without injury. For the names of killed and wounded I refer you to inclosed list.* All persons arrested by my command were sent to you.

Where all acted so praiseworthy it would seem invidious to particularize. Both officers and men obeyed order cheerfully and promptly, bearing themselves gallantly, bravely fighting against superior numbers.

Hoping our service has met with your approbation, I am, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

B. H. GRIERSON,

Colonel Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

Brigadier General MORGAN L. SMITH.

SEPTEMBER 13, 1862.-Skirmish near Iuka, Miss.

Report of Colonel Robert C. Murphy, Eighth Wisconsin Infantry.

IUKA, MISS., September 13-1862-10 a. m.

We have been attacked by the enemy's cavalry. Have taken two prisoners. They report the enemy to be Armstrong's brigade of cavalry, and say the infantry is one or two days' march behind them. We have repulsed them this morning. The wires are reported cut. I send this by cavalry express to Burnsville, to be telegraphed there if possible; if not, to be taken through be express.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. MURPHY,

Colonel, Commanding.

General ROSECRANS,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi.

---------------

*Nominal list omitted.

---------------

