
road. We could hear their cars coming and departing all the time, and large re-enforcements were doubtless arriving, and as the rumor of General Grant having fallen behind the Tallahatchie became confirmed by my received no intelligence from him, I was forced to the conclusion that it was not only prudent but proper that I should move my command to some other point. Two suggested themselves-the Louisiana shore opposite the mouth of the Yazoo, and Lilliken's Bend. The latter had many advantages, large extent of cleared land, some houses for storage, better roads back, a better chance for corn and forage, with all the same advantages for operating against the enemy inland on the river below Vicksburg or at any point above where he might attempt to interrupt the navigation of the Mississippi. My mind had settled down on this point when, all my troops behind on board their transports ready to move, on the morning of January 2 I learned from Admiral Porter that General McClernand had arrived at the mouth of the Yazoo. Fearing that any premature move on my part night compromise his planks for the future I determined to remain where we were until I consulted him, which I did in person, and with his approval I then proceeded to carry out my previous determination to land my command at Milliken's Bend and dispatch back to the North the fleet of transports which had carried them. This has been so far accomplished that my entire command is now at Milliken's Bend.

The naval squadron, Admiral Porter, now hold command of the Mississippi to Vicksburg and the Yazoo up to Drumgould's Bluff, both of which points must in time be reduced to our possession; but it is for other minds than mine to devise the way.

The officers and men, composing my command are in good spirits, disappointed, of course, at our want of success, but by on means discouraged.

We re-embarked our whole command in the sight of the enemy's batteries and army unopposed, remained in full view the whole day, and then deliberately moved to Milliken's Bend.

I attribute our failure to the strength of the enemy's position, both natural and artificial, and not to his superior fighting; but as we must all in the future have ample opportunities to test this quality it is foolish to discuss it.

I will transmit with this detailed reports of division and brigade commanders, with a statement of killed, wounded, and prisoners, and names as far as can be obtained.*

The only real fighting during the assault by Morgan's and Steele's division and at the time of crossing the Sixth Missouri, during the afternoon of December 29, by the Second Division.

Picket skirmishing and rifle practice across Chickasaw Bayou was constant for four days. This cost us the lives of several valuable officers and men many wounded. All our wounded were promptly removed to the steamers selected as hospital boats, where they have received the best possible care.

I also inclose a map made by Lieutenants Pitzman and Frick, giving all our positions during the period embraced in this report.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Grant,

Oxford, Miss., at last reliable accounts.

---------------

* See revised statement, p. 625.

---------------

