
III. In case of embarkation the First Division will use the levee within Fort Pickering; the Second Division the levee from the packet landing to the mouth of Wolf River; the Third Division from the packet landing to the fort.

All commanders and quartermasters will fort with familiarize them selves with these localities and routes leading to them, being careful not to cross the route of any other division, and they select and have the exclusive use of some one or more buildings and warehouses contiguous, in which to assemble their material of war not in the hands of the men.

IV. Each soldier must carry his musket, 60 rounds of ammunition, knapsack, haversack, and canteen, and nothing else; officers, their side-arms and a small trunk or valise, carefully marked; companies, not to exceed four tents per company and one for the officers, with five day's rations and cooking utensils, compact and handy; regiment, one ambulance, four good six mule or horse wagons, and one wagon loaded with extra cartridges; brigades, a small special train to carry ammunition to complete quantity of 200 cartridges per man, inclusive of those in cartridge-boxer and regimental wagons; and division, a small train to repair losses, tools for all

sorts of repairs, building brigades, repairing roads, and making redoubts, obstructions, and rifle-pits.

V. Boats on arrival will be assigned to these divisions or the reserve by the chief quartermaster Eddy, and the division quartermasters will see they are fairly distributed and landed at the most convenient points.

VI. Commanders of division will forthwith proceed to make all possible preparations, and no excuses will be made or entertained. Time is the important element in this movement, and matters must not be delayed to the moment of embarkation.

VII. The troops now in Port Pickering and the detachments not hitherto assigned to one or other of these division will continue as heretofore under the command of Major-General Hurlbut, who will control all matters pertaining to the city and District of Memphis.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 7. Memphis, Tenn., December 18, 1862.

I. No officer or man of the army will give any order to the captain or pilot, mate or hand of a transport, but the captain, pilot, or engineer must place the boat in such position or do whatever the commanding officer of the troops requires.

II. Captains, pilots, and engineers of transports must hold their boats to their places in column, must not fall behind or push ahead, keeping on the quarter, following their brigade leader. Each brigade will keep together and each division in one group, whether on the river or lying to the shore. Boats will not land singly on any account, but will, if need be, get wood or coal of some consort. If necessary to get wood the division commander will give the necessary orders. In case of grounding, striking a snag, or accident that disables a boat, she will make the alarm-signal, and the nearest boats will go to the relief and the nearest brigade commanders give the necessary orders. Boats carrying a division commander will carry the United States flag at the fore-jack staff and another at the stern. Brigade commanders will carry the

