
United States flag on the fore-staff and a regimental color near the pilot-house. All other boats will simply carry their regiments colors near the pilot-house, without any other signal. In making landings for rendezvous, or for the night, or to lay by, divisions will keep well apart, occupying opposite shores, but near enough to hear a gun or boat whistle; if lying to, a signal gun from the head of column will be the signal to make steam and for a start. Each division will move in succession, in this order, first, second, third, and fourth, unless one or other is detailed by special orders, of which notice will previously be given. In case a boats is fired into from the shore by rifles or musketry the nearest boat will at once make a landing and clear out all opposition. If fired on by cannon the nearest brigade will effect a landing and attack, sending prompt notice to the division commander and he to the general in command of the whole. In case of any attack the property or stores useful to the United States will be taken possession of and the neighboring houses, barns, &amp;c., burned. First rendezvous is Helena; the second, Gaines' Landing; last, Milliken's Bend. Or arrival of each, full morning and other reports will be made of regiments, brigades, and divisions. At the last rendezvoused division commanders, after disposing of their commanders at the shore, will report in person to the general-in-chief, on board the flag-boats Forest Queen. All officers in command are charged specially with the police and cleanliness of their boats,the good condition of arms, cartridges, and accouterments. All must be so arranged as to act promptly in landing. The best possible facilities must be adopted for cooking, and the commanders must see in person that their men and officers have all the conveniences of their boat. All firing of guns, pistols, yelling or hallowing, or improper noises must be prevented. These are all false signals and mislead the commanders. A single gun from the flag-boat will be the signal for starting or closing up. It this column be lengthened out division commander will report the signa;. There guns fired in rapid succession will be the signal for danger; the steamboats will use their accustomed signals, thus:

STEAMBOAT SIGNALS.

Whistles.-To hail a boat, five whistles; to a boat, there whistles; a boat to starboard, one whistle; a boat to port, two whistles.

Bells.-For starboard lead, one tap; for port lead, two taps. In leaving shore-to get ready, signal for engineer, four taps, and tap to let the lines go. In coming to shore, four taps of engine-room gong to let the engineer know that the boats is going to land.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 8. Memphis, Tenn., December 18, 1862.

I. The expedition now fitting out is purely of a military character and the interest involved are too important to be mixed up with personal and private business. No citizen, male or female, will be allowed to accompany it, unless employed as part of a crew, or as a servant to the transports; female chambermaids to boats and nurses to sick alone will be allowed, unless the wives of captains or pilots actually belonging to boats. No launderers, officers' or solders' wives must pass below Helena.

