
gives me great pleasure to say that the officers and men under my command acted with great bravery and coolness.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

A. W. DEES,

Captain, Commanding Dees' Battery, Third Michigan Light Artillery.

W. DEAN COLMAN,

Major, and Asst. Adjt. General, Second Div., Army of the Miss.

SEPTEMBER 18-23, 1862.-Operations about Forts Henry and Donelson, Tenn., and skirmishers.

Report of Colonel William W. Lowe, Fifth Iowa Cavalry.

FORT HENRY, September 23, 1862.

SIR: One of my scouting parties, under Lieutenant Waters, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, on the 18th captured near Huntingdon 8 horses, 8 mules, 1 wagon and harness, 4 barrels salt, 1 rifle, 1 common piston, and 4 revolvers. Another party, under Captain Wilcox, yesterday had a skirmish, in which 1 guerrilla captain was killed and 4 of has men captured. I now have Colonel harding out after Woodward with a fair prospect of overhauling him. I would like to get the remainder of Stenbeck's and Flood's batteries, having but one section of each. If the Thirteenth Wisconsin can be replaced by another regiment I would wish to have it returned.

LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT.

FORT HENRY, September 23, 1862.

SIR: A scouting party sent from Fort Donelson, under command of Captain Croft, Fifth Iowa Cavalry, yesterday had a fight with rebels, killing 2 and capturing 1. He burned their stores and threw their ammunition into the river.

LOWE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Jackson.

SEPTEMBER 19, 1862.-Engagement at Iuka, Miss.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Tennessee.

Numbers 2.-Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 3.-Return of Casualties in the Union forces.

Numbers 4.-Surg. Archibald B. Campbell, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

Numbers 5.-Captain William M. Wiles, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry, Provost-Marshal.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant Colonel Warren L. Lothrop, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

