
The ammunition boat and two of the commissary boats will remain near the gunboat, which will stay where the gunboat fleet now lies

After the boats are made secure, well apart, working parties will be set to work to unload the regimental wagons, the artillery and cavalry horses, and all thinks necessary for five days' operations. All surplus articles that cannot be transported in the regimental trains will remain on board until further orders.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. RIGHT WING, 13TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 36. December 26, 1862.

The movement to-morrow will be as follows:

I. General Morgan's (Third) division as possible, taking with him the brigade and pontoon train and a good supply of axes, picks, and shovels. he will a reach the country road from Vicksburg to Haines' Bluff and effect a secure-lodgment on the high ground east of the crossing place.

II. General Steele's division will feel to his left and cross the old bayou as near Morgan as possible, but on a separate causeway or bridge, and reach the same high ground.

III. General Morgan L. Smith's division will obliged to his left and connect with General Steele, crossing the bayou at our near the same place by a separate causeway of brigade and reach the country road.

IV. General A. J. Smith will move direct of Vicksburg by the Bunch's Mill road, Keeping up a connection with M. L. Smith. He will remove all obstacles on the main road and occupy the attention of the battery that stands on the first hill north of Vicksburg.

V. Each division will carry its tools and cover its advance by strong line of skirmishers and an advance guard, the main column so disposed as not to be raked by heavy artillery, in which arm alone is our enemy support to be superior to us. If either column encounters such batteries, after a careful reconnaissance of the flanks, a prompt, quick assault will be most effective and least destructive.

VI. The artillery (guns, caissons, and battery wagons), the ambulances, and ammunition wagons alone will accompany the columns. The men should have two days' rations with them and be prepared to bivouac.

VII. One regiment of each division will remain with the steamboats as a guard to the wagons and boats, acting in concert with the gunboats.

VIII. As soon as the lodgment is made on the high ground at and beyond the country road, division commanders may send back for wagons and provisions, but we cannot be encumbered with a tram for some days.

IX. Each division will reconnoiter to its front and left, connecting with their nearest neighbor during the night and at daybreak, and will move at 7 a. m., reporting everything of interest during the night and early in the morning of the commanding general, on board the Forest Queen, until 8 a. m.; after that hour, to him near the division of M. L. Smith.

X. In case any men reach or are sent to the river at any point where

