
a distance of 12 miles, which order was promptly executed, although both men and horses completely exhausted by a pursuit of the enemy's cavalry, which had been hovering on our flank during the entire day. I them proceeded under your orders to make preparation for the complete destruction of the Vicksburg, Shreveport and Texas Railroad. A detachment was sent to Quebec under command of Captain D. W. C. Shockley, a member of my staff, at which place the road was completely destroyed for a distance of half a mile. A brigade and about 100 yards of trestle work were burned and the crossing of the Tallulah completely destroyed. Captain Shockley encountered the enemy's pickets, some of which he captured, deemed in prudent, after accomplished the work of destruction committed to him, to return to Dallas, at which post I had thought it proper to concentrate my main force.

We found a body of 400 cavalry and four pieces of artillery fluttering on our left flank, which was promptly dispersed by a section of Captain Blount's Seventeenth ohio Battery; at which point we burned a very large quantity of cotton, corn, and forage, and also destroyed a large section of trestle-work, a bridge, and the depot. At Bear Lake we found a large quantity of catton marked C. S. A., which was said by the inhabitants to have been taken by the rebel Government in lieu of taxes. Being unable to procure transportation we burned it. The detachment sent to Delhi found that couriers had preceded them. A rope ferry-boat at Macon Bayou (a deep stream) was thrown to the far side, which delayed the expedition, thus giving the rebels time for the removal of telegraphic instructions on a hand-car.

When the cavalry reached Delhi they found teams in the act of removing a large quantity of brown cottons of a manufacture recently commenced, and said by the inhabitant to be the first brought from a factory somewhere on the line of railroad. A large quantity of these was burned, together with the depot and its contents. The also found a full supply of medicines, drugs, instruments, and the appliances of a medical staff, all of which were burned. About 1 mile from Delhi (beyond) a bridge was found extending across the Tallulah, which with a quantity of trestle-work was completely destroyed. The mail was captured here; also about a quarter of a million of yards of this new manufacture of muslim were burned.

The command returned to their transports at 10 P. M. December 26, having made a march of 75 miles in thirty-six hours, besides a cavalry dash 30 miles farther.

Among the results of this expedition I number a large number of horses, 100 mules, a telegraphic line completely destroyed, and the vicksburg. Shreveport and Texas Railroad so much damaged that it cannot be repaired for months. I will here remark that all saw-mills on the route were turned in order that the repair of the road might be more difficult. It is proper, too, that I should state that the country abounds in corn, forage, and cotton. Not having been visited by any force it will afford a source of supply for a long time to come.

I will also remark that among the inhabitants we found several who under fear had been compelled to suppress their feeling sand were evidently Union men.

Respectfully,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General A. J. Smith,

Commanding First Div., Right Wing, Army of the Tenn.

