
On being relieved on the morning of the 31st this regiment returned to their old campaign ground and rested for the day, excepting two companies which were detailed to work on the fortifications.

On the morning of January 1, 1863, this regiment relieved the Forty eight Ohio Volunteers, taking the same position on the extreme right. Nothing of importance occurred during the day, except another attempt on the part of the enemy to shell us out of our position about sundown. About 7 p. m. I received an order from you to prepare to withdraw the remained and our pickets at 2.30 a. m. the next morning, and preparations were made accordingly. One company and a half was detailed and sent to assist the quartermaster in getting all stores aboard of the bad for embarking. At 1.30 on the morning of the 2nd instant I received notice from Colonel Warner, of the One hundred and eighth Illinois Volunteers, that he had withdrawn his pickets and would be ready to march to the rear in twenty minutes. This was anticipating my movements at least three-quarters of an hour and left this regiment in an exposed and dangerous position, giving the enemy an opportunity of flanking us and getting into our rear. Luckily, however, the enemy were un aprished of our movements. Without waiting for the hour set by you I deemed it important to withdraw immediately, which was done successfully, leaving none behind save the enemy, thus successfully protection the returned of the whole army. This regiment was aboard the boats and ready to embark at 5.30 a. m., excepting one company, which was left about a mile in front of the boats as pickets.

in speaking of the officers and men of my command, with but one single exception, I am happy to say all acted bravely and well. Lieutenant Cl. L. D. Martin, maid all dangers, was always prompt and ready to assist me in duties, giving advice, and in the execution of commands. Duty compels me to notice and report in general terms the misconduct of Major General S. W. Horton, who, under the pretense of sickness, absented himself from the field of action during the whole of the contest save once, and then, upon the bursting of a shell from the enemy in the vicinity of the regiment, put spurs to his horse and lodged himself upon the boat out of all danger. I have to have the pleasure of forwarding his resignation, as I think he has become satisfied that he is not qualified for the service; at least such is the conviction of the officers and men of my command. Yo my adjutant I am much indebted, except during the time he vas called to perform service under your immediate command. He was brave, discreet, and energetic in the discharge of all duties assigned to him, acting both in the capacity or major and adjutant. I deem it my duty to mention favorably the officers who commanded companies firing the recent battle, to wit: First Lieutenant R. H. Wood, of Company A; Captain J.. G. Buchanan, of Company B; Acting Lieutenant P. Henry Pentzer, of Company C, which company was entirely without commissioned officers present; Captain James W. Wisner, of Company D; Captain Denman, of Company E; Captain Welch, of Company F; Captain John Trible, of Company G; First Lieutenant James M. Ervin, in command of Company H.; Captain William Achenbach, of Company I, and Captain Slaten, of Company K; also Sergt. [George D.] Armstrong, acting lieutenant of Company B; Sergt. [James H.] Harrell, acting lieutenant of Company C; Lieutenant Dulgar, of Company D; Lieutenant Harding, of Company E; Lieutenants Bolt and Ray, of Company F; Lieutenant Davis, of Company G; Lieutenants Howard and Campbell, of Company I, and also Lieutenant Arched, of Company K.

Respecting those officers who were absent from the field of action,

