
Numbers 1.

Report of Major General Ulysses S. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Tennessee.

IUKA, MISS., September 20, 1862.

General Rosecrans, with Stanley's and Hamilton's divisions and Mizner's cavalry, attacked Price, south of this village, about two hours before dark yesterday, and had a sharp fight, until night closed in. General Ord was tot he north, with a mixed force of about 5,000 men. Had some skirmishing with rebel pickets. This morning the fight was renewed by General Rosecrans, who was nearest the town, but it was found that the enemy had been evacuating during the night, going south. Hamilton and Stanley, with the cavalry, are in full pursuit, and will no doubt break up the enemy badly, and possibly force them to abandon much of their artillery.

Loss on each side is from 400 to 500 killed and wounded. The enemy's loss in arms, tents, &amp;c., will be large. We have about 250 prisoners.

I cannot speak too highly of the energy and skill displayed by General Rosecrans in this attack and the endurance of the troops under him. General Ord's command showed untiring zeal, but the direction taken by the enemy prevented them taking the active part they desired.

Among the enemy's loss are General Little, killed, and General Whitfield, wounded. I have reliable information that it was Price's intention to move over east of the Tennessee. In this he has been thwarted. Price's force consisted of about 18,000 men.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.
HEADQUARTERS,Corinth, Miss., September 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, General-in-Chief.

GENERAL: In my dispatch of the 20th our loss was overestimated and the rebel loss was underestimated. We found 261 of the rebel dead upon the field, while our loss in killed will be less than 100.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST TENNESSEE.

Jackson, Tenn., October 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of the battle of Iuka, and to submit herewith such reports of subordinates as have been received:

For some ten days or more before the final move of the rebel army under General Price eastward from the Mobile and Ohio Railroad it was evident that an attack upon Corinth was contemplated or some change to be made in the location of that army. This caused great vigilance to be necessary on the part of our cavalry, especially that to the southern front, under Colonel Mizner. The labor of watching, with

