
At 9 a. m. I sent three to the rear for ammunition. At this point I had 5 men wounded 4 or 5 horses disabled. About 10 o'clock, the enemy having evidently retired a little, I received orders from Colonel De Courcy to limber up and advance. After moving down into the road (which at this point was very narrow) I advanced my right piece into the woods under a most galling fire, little to the left and some 500 yards to the front of our position. The gun was worked here nearly an hour in the very face of the enemy and with great effect. At they same time line of the enemy' batteries having been discovered on a hill well off to the I put my left gun in position and made an effort to reach it, the distance being too great, after firing a few shots the gun was ordered to cease firing.

I was now ordered (11 a. m.) to advance the battery again, which I did as rapidly as possible not only under a terrible fire of musketry, but of artillery, the enemy's batteries having now opened upon us. I now secured a good position, one not only commanding the enemy's rifle-pits but all of their batteries, except two on pour extreme left. In this position the battery was worked night, silencing several of their batteries.

It was with great difficulty that my ammunition could by brought forward fast enough to supply the limbers and at night it was ascertained that I had only some 40 rounds of shell to the gun left. Three men wounded this afternoon and 2 horses killed. My men were completely exhausted, not having had time to refresh themselves with food or rest during the day.

Monday, 29th.-It was discovered this morning that the enemy had planet several new batteries during the night, one of them directly in our front in which we could see two brass pieces. Their, fire was drawn early this morning and replied to with moderation, as I had been ordered to make my ammunition go s far as possible. The new battery alluded to above we silence early in the morning by exploding their caisson or limber-chest, disabling boat guns. At 12 o'clock my last round of ammunition was expended; and having expended 335 rounds to each gun since Sunday morning I was ordered to retire from the field.

I had 3 men wounded this day, 1 of them it is supposed mortally; also 2 or 3 horses disabled. It gives me much pleasure to be able to say that my me behind themselves with great bravery, never faltering when under the most galling fire, and many of them actually standing at their posts until fell from sheer exhaustion, and several that were wounded (not several) wished to return to their posts after their wounds were dressed.

I cannot mention individual cases of bravery without seeming injustice to others. I cannot speak too highly of Lieutenants Wilder, Stillman, and Conkling for their promptness in carrying into execution every command received and their entire disregard of all personal danger.

On Sunday a large limb (cut by a cannon shot) fell, striking Lieutenant Stillman, across the breast and carrying him instantly to the ground. I was standing near him at the time, and supposed from the size of the limb that it must have crushed his breast. The bruise was a severe one, but within twenty minutes I again saw him at his post.

Non-commissioned officers (both sergeants and corporals) behaved themselves with the greatest gallantry. Sergeant Lewis was taken sick early on Sunday, and was obliged to retire to the rear. Will the exception of one (J. W. McDonald), who has a piece of a shell in one of

41 R R-VOL XVII

