
his lungs, and it is thought cannot recover, my would are doing well, and three or of them will be able to be duty again a few days.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. LANPHERE,

Captain, Commanding Lanphere's Battery, Michigan Artillery.

Lieutenant E. D. SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Third Division, Right Wing, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 12.

Report of Captain Jacob T. Foster Wisconsin Battery, of operations December 26=29, 1862.
HDQRS. FOSTER'S FIRST WISCONSIN BATTERY,December 31, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I herewith submitted the following report of our march from the Yazoo River, at a point about 20 miles from its mouth, where if enters the Mississippi River:

On the morning of the 26th we disembarked and put ourselves in condition for any emergency. Our ammunition was carefully packed and examined. At 4 o'clock in the afternoon, hearing a heavy fire in our front, we drew up in battery and remained there during the night, every man at this post.

December 27.-This morning we were ordered to report to Colonel De Courcy and immediately received orders from him to advance. We then marched in column thought the woods into the field southwest of the point of disembarkation and formed in line at double intervals, advancing thought the scattered trees, between logs, and thought bayous until arriving near the house of Mrs. Lake, where we halted and formed in battery, expecting the enemy on our left. We remained at this point nearly two hours, after which we formed into column and moved forward and to the bank a bayou, know as Chickasaw Bayou, passing Mrs. Lake's house on our right, where we formed in battery, and before we had completed the movement were fired upon by sharpshooters from behind a levee thrown up on the opposite side of a bayou to our left and front. This occurred at 4.30 p. m. The firing now increased and became galling, as it was directed almost entirely on the battery, the enemy being completely sheltered by trees and the levee in the their front. Here we fired in almost all directions except to the rear, until the enemy, emboldened by the little injury they sustained, showed their heads above the leave and showered their bullets upon us like rain. Having learned of their position, we opened the battery upon them with short-time fuse, which seemed to somewhat distract them; but in a few minutes they shooting at us as rapidly as ever and with much effect. We then opened with canister at short range, and in a very few minutes swept the ground clean and caused them to cease firing and returned.

In this engagement we had 3 men wounded, 1 mortally, who died on the 29th, and 4 horses shot rendered unfit for service. We remained there until dark, when we moved to the right and rear about 400 yards and bivouacked for the night, the men remaining actually at their posts, equipments in hand, and ready at any moment.

