
Courcy did not charge, as I was informed he would, and I did not deem it advisable to do so unsupported. After a contest of some forty-five minutes I repaired, having sustained a loss of 1 captain and 8 privates killed and 53 non-commissioned officers and privates wounded.

At sunset I was relieved by General Blait, when I took position with my brigade on the right of Lindsey and remained for the night. As the Forty-ninth has been under my command only at this time I take occasion to say here that Colonel Keigwin and his officers and men be have with great skill and gallantry.

On the morning of the 29th instant I advanced the Sixty-ninth to the front at the point where Captain Patterson was to construct pontoon brigade, where it remained until noon, where I moved my brigade in a position to support Lindsey. The skirmishers of the Sixty-ninth were sharply engaged all the forenoon and met with a loss of 1 killed and 5 wounded. During the forenoon my brigade was subjected to a continuous storm of shells, but escaped damage altogether. At 2 p. m. the One hundred and twentieth was moved to the right of De Courcy and advanced to the bayou, where it skirmishers all the afternoon and sustained a loss of 7 wounded. At 9 p. m. it was moved back,, leaving a heavy line of skirmishers on the bayou. My brigade was shelled all night, wounding 2 of the One hundred and twentieth at one explosion. I was compelled to change position twice in the night and once during the day.

On the 30th I occupied the front on the right of De Courcy. Little occurred during the day except slight skirmishing. The night was quiet.

My two regiments in the field renew and inexperienced. Colonel Bennett, of the Sixty-ninth, and Colonel French, of the One hundred and twentieth, have conducted themselves with attentiveness, skill, and courage, and officers and men of boat have behaved like veterans.

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Lieutenant E. D. SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14.

Report of Captain Louis Hoffmann, Fourth Ohio Battery, of operations December 26-31, 1862.

CAMP AT LAKE'S LISS.,

December 31, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to introduce the detailed account of the actions of the Independent Battery Ohio Volunteer Light Artillery, under my command, during the engagement near the fortifications of Vicksburg, Miss., on December 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, and 31:

December 26 at about 3 p. m. the battery landed at Johnson's farm, on the bank of the Yazoo River, and by order directly marched with the brigade eastwardly about 2 miles, when the first pickets of the enemy, in strong force, were met and driven back.

After a rest during the night on the gained ground, at 7 a. m. on December 27 the battery, accompanied by the other forces of the brigade, marched about 4 miles in a northeasterly direction. Having arrived at the edge of the woods, about 1 1\2 miles west of Fort Morgan we met the enemy's artillery and were attacked by it. Immediately, by order of General Blair commanding the brigade, one section of the battery

