
works was repulsed, and received orders to make no further attempt to cross the bayou for the present, I withdraw my command and so disposed them as to screen them the enemy's fire and again rested upon our arms for the night.

For list of casualties during these two days' engagements I respectfully refer you to memoranda of regimental commanders, herewith inclosed, at present not having time to make detailed reports. In affords me great pleasure to be able to state both officers and men of my command, so for as my observation extended, conducted themselves with becoming; and to my staff I am under special obligations, who, by their unceasing exertions and undaunted courage, rendered me great assistance during these two day's engagements.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D.. W. LIDSEY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Lieutenant E. D. SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16.

Reports of Colonel John F. De Courcy, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, of operations December 26-29, 1862.

BIVOUAC, December 27, 1862.

In accordance with orders received on the 26th I moved my brigade (composed of the Sixteenth [Ohio], Twenty-second [Kentucky], Forty-second [Ohio], Fifty-fourth [Indiana], and Forester's battery) from the boat (left bank of the Yazoo River) and advanced toward the Chickasaw Bayou. in crossing the large open fields, which are known as Lake's farm, the enemy was found in the woods, on the other side of a deep bayou, parallel to my left. I changed from toward this woods with the Twenty-second Kentucky, Fifty-fourth Indiana, and a part of the Forty-second [Ohio]; opened fire with these regiments and the battery. After an engagement of two hours the enemy was driven from the woods on the left, and as by this time night had set in I bivouacked on the ground and order the brigade to sleep by their arms. During the night an epaulement was thought by the Forty-second Regiment, for the protection of Foster's 20-pounder battery.

In this affair the following were the casualties: The Twenty-second Kentucky, 1 killed and 8 wounded; Forty-second Ohio, 2 men wounded; Fifty-fourth, Indiana, 1 man killed; Foster's battery, 3 men wounded, 1 mortally, and 4 horses wounded.

Your, respectfully,

JOHN R. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

DECEMBER 28, 1862.

SIR; This morning I resumed operations against the enemy, who had taken position in the woods on my front and toward my right. Lanphere's Michigan

