
standing the destructive fire from all side, which kept mowing down the ranks of the Sixteenth Ohio, Twenty-second Kentucky, and Fifty-found Indiana, the brave men composing these corps had nearly crossed the large open space of more than half a mile which lay stretched out before them glaces fashion, when the enemy increased his hire of small arms and grape to such a degree as to render a farther advance impossible. Finding the retreat begun, and deeming it but the return result of an advance over such an extent of open ground and under such an amount of concentric fire, I reserved not to expose the Forty-second Ohio useless destruction. I therefore halted this regiment at the bottom of the road under bank of the bayou and deployed it to cover of the repulsed regiments. The Forty-second Ohio, under the command of Lieutenant. Colonel Don. A. Pardee, performed this duty with great steadiness, and re=-entered our lines in perfect ordered under the directions of that able and gallant officer.

In this the Sixteenth Ohio was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel P. Kershner, who fell while heading the charge of the regiments. This

excellent officer is supposed to be wounded and made prisoner.

The twenty-second Kentucky was underfed the orders of Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Monroe, who was wounded early in the charge. His wound not being a serious one I hope the valuable services of this officer will soon be available. The regiment was brought out of action by Major W. J. Wortbington.

The Fifty-fourth Indiana was led by Colonel F. Mansfield, who handled his young corps and showed his men so good an example as to make them behave with like bravery and constancy of the old regiment at their side.

All these regiments brought their colors. The praises for the heroic bravery displayed by the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the regiments in my brigade this in the attack on the Chickasaw Bluffs is out of my province in this official report, but I must be allowed to say that no troops of any army could have done better, and perhaps few would or could have done so well.

Lieutenant Stein, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Thomas and Risdon, of my staff, showed their usual cheerful alacrity in seeing all my orders carried out regardless of all or any kind of risk. These officers have been for nearly days constantly under fire.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN F. DE COURCY,

Colonel, Commanding Third Brigade.

Lieutenant SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 17.

Report of Brigadier General Frederick Steele, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, of operation December 26-29, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,January 3, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the operations of my division from our base on the Yazoo:

My command debarked at Johnson's plantation on the afternoon of

