
Dister, of the Fifty-eighth Ohio, whose gallantry had been conspicuous. Colonel T. C. Fletcher, of the Thirty-first Missouri, was wounded and fell into the hands of the enemy. Major Jaensch, of the Thirty-first Missouri, was killed.* Lieutenant-Colonel Simpson, of the same regiment, was wounded. Colonel Cavender, of the Twenty-ninth Missouri, and Lieutenant-Colonel Gorgas, of the Thirteenth Illinois, are also mentioned for conspicuous daring in the assault. Colonel J. B. Wyman, of the Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, was killed the day before while bravely leading his men against the enemy.

Perhaps it would not be inappropriate for me to remark that I saw a part of the assaulting party turn their flank to the enemy in front of the second line of rifle-pits and move off to the left behind the bank over which Blair's brigade had passed, and there remain until our troops commenced retreating.

For further particulars I refer you to the subordinate reports. I will also inclose herewith a list of casualties.+

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

Major J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I should have mentioned that the officers of my staff-First Lieuts. G. O. Sokalski, W. D. Green, and C. T. Scammon-were on the field and rendered efficient services.

Numbers 18.

Report of Brigadier General Frank P. Blair, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of skirmishes at Chickasaw Bayou and assault on Chickasaw Bluffs.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp on Chickasaw Bayou, Miss., December 30, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of my brigade on the 28th and 29th instant while attached to the command and under the orders of Brigadier General G. W. Morgan, in command of the Third Division, right wing, Thirteenth Army Corps:

On the evening of December 26th the Thirteenth Army Corps, under Major-General Sherman, landed at the plantation of General A. S. Johnston, [?] on the Yazoo River. My brigade, consisting of the Thirteenth Illinois, Twenty-eighth Ohio Infantry Regiments, Captain Hoffmann's Fourth Ohio Battery, and one company of the Tenth Regiment Missouri Cavalry, was ordered to march out to reconnoiter and to bivouac 2 or 3 miles from the landing. After marching a short distance our advance skirmishers from the Thirteenth Illinois Volunteer Infantry drove in the enemy's pickets and captured two horses. We encamped for the night, after pushing the reconnaissance somewhat farther, about the distance designated in our orders.

On the 27th we resumed our march and drove in the enemy's pickets

---------------

*A mistake.

+Imperfect; but see revised statement, p. 625.

---------------

