
[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,January 4, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to state that the broad and easy road spoken of by Brigadier-General Blair is the same road over which the brigade of De Courcy advanced tot he charge, and the same road over which he retired after the repulse of our troops. That road remained in our possession from the afternoon of the 28th ultimo until the night of the 1st instant, when our forces retired tot he boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major J. H. HAMMOND, Chief of Staff.

The road referred to by General Blair was known to me and was the line of Morgan's attack. It was reconnoitered by me in person the day before and on the morning of the 29th, the day of the final assault.

The pontoon bridge ordered to be constructed was placed about 700 yards to the right, or south, of the road, and was designed as auxiliary, to enable his division to pass over the bayou at two points at the same instant of time. Blair crossed, in making his attack, about 300 yards to the left, or north, of the same road. The enemy, in leaving this road partially unobstructed, did so to enable his pickets and advance to fall back in his fortified position, trusting with full well-founded confidence in his batteries and rifle-pits to prevent our using it.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

Recapitulation of the loss in killed and wounded of the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.*

 Officers	 Officers	 Enlisted

 killed.	 wounded.	 men killed

 	 	 and

 	 	 wounded.

13th Illinois.	 4	 8	 151

29th Missouri.	 3	 5	 178

31st Missouri.	 1	 9	 207

58th Ohio.	 4	 7	 100

Total.	 12	 29	 636

Among the killed and wounded are counted those men who are now in the hospital of the enemy.

The haste required to present this report makes it impossible to present it with greater accuracy. About 1,800 men were marched into action.

JAMES PECKHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Brigadier-General BLAIR,

Commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division, &amp;c.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 625.

---------------

42 R R-VOL XVII

