
Loss sustained by the First Brigade, Fourth Division, Thirteenth Army Corps, in the assault upon Chickasaw Bluffs, December 29, 1862.*

 Officers	 Officers	 Privates

 killed.	 wounded	 killed,

 	 and	 wounded and

 	 missing.	 missing.

13th Illinois.	 1	 9	 153

29th Missouri.	 3	 7	 178

31st Missouri.	 1	 9	 207

58th Ohio.	 1	 10	 100

Total.	 6	 35	 638

In the above only those are numbered among the killed who are known to be so. The killed, wounded, and missing include all not accounted for.

JAMES PECKHAM,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 19.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Thayer, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade, of assault on Chickasaw Bluffs.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, RIGHT WING, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, December 31, 1862.

Brief report of the action of my brigade, being the Third, of Steele's division, in conjunction with General Morgan's division, ont he 29th instant:

About 2 p. m. on the 29th I received an order from General Steele to move my brigade, composed of five Iowa regiments and the First Iowa Battery, forward to the support of General Morgan. On reaching General Morgan he requested me to take my infantry and cross the bayou, enter the enemy's works, and take the hill. by advice of General Morgan I dismounted and directed all officers mounted to do the same, as we would be sure to draw the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters if mounted. The Fourth Iowa, Colonel J. A. Williamson, was on the right. I took my place at the head of the column ad moved forward by the right flank. We crossed the bayou and went over the enemy's outside works. I then directed Colonel Williamson to deploy his regiment to the right and extend them as skirmishers. We were still advancing in front of the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries and crossed over a high rail front of the enemy's rifle-pits and batteries and crossed over a high rail fence. On seeing the ground I at once formed my plan to move up the hill, when, looking back for my other regiments, to my amazement none were to be seen and none coming, for I could then see back to the point from which I had started. I could not account for it. I had supposed that five regiments were following me. I found myself within the enemy's works with but one regiment. I then went back tot he intrenchments, where I had seen, as we went over, a regiment of our troops lying in the ditch, entirely protected from the rebel fire. I ordered and begged them, but without effect, to come forward and support my regiment, which was now warmly engaged. I do not know what regiment it was.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 625.

---------------

