
with his troops, but wa subsequently placed in position between Generals Vaughn and Barton.

On the 28th, at 4.30 a. m., the enemy opened fire with his sharpshooters and six pieces of artillery on the rifle-pits in front of the Indian mound and the section of artillery upon it. The Thirty-first Louisiana Regiment, under Colonel [Charles H.] Morrison, occupied the trenches, and during the day was re-enforced by five companies of the Fortieth Georgia, Colonel Abda Johnson. The enemy's fire was kept up with great vigor and without intermission throughout the day. In the evening it was so severe that our men were unable to stand to their guns ont he mound, when two sections of Major [M. S.] Ward's artillery were ordered up to aid in preventing the enemy from planting a battery in close range, which was successfully effected.

On the previous night the command of Colonel Withers was removed from Chickasaw Bayou to Blake's Lavee, and the Twenty-eighth [Twenty-ninth] Louisiana Regiment, Colonel [Allen] Thomas, of Lee's brigade, was sent to occupy Wither's position of the previous day.

About daylight the enemy, with six pieces of artillery, supported by at least a brigade of infantry, opened a heavy fire upon his gallant regiment, which held him in check until 12 m., when it retired in good order. The enemy, elated with his success, followed rapidly, but his progress was soon checked by a well-timed volley from the Twenty-sixth Louisiana Regiment, commanded by Colonel [Winchester] Hall, which occupied the rifle-pits hurriedly thrown up opposite the dry part of the lake.

On the same morning another strong column advanced upon the position held by the Seventeenth Louisiana Regiment, Forty-sixth Mississippi, Lieutenant Colonel [W. K.] Easterling, and [Captain Robert] Bowman's battery, all under command of Colonel Withers, on Blake's Levee, which was resisted in gallant style and the enemy finally driven back with heavy loss, the Forty-sixth Mississippi and two Napoleons, under Lieutenant [Frank] Johnston, doing admirable service.

On the conclusion of this day's fighting it seemed highly probable that on the next the enemy would make the attempt to carry our position by assault. The dispositions were made accordingly. The works were repaired and strengthened, some additional trenches dug, and just before daylight it was deemed advisable, owing to its isolated position, to withdrawn the Twenty-sixth Louisiana Regiment.

On the 29th, about 9 o'clock, the enemy was discovered in his attempt to throw a pontoon bridge across the lake. In this he was foiled by a few well-directed shots from a section each of Wofford's and Ward's batteries, that of the latter commanded by Lieutenant Tarleton.

About 10 o'clock a furious cannonade was opened on General Lee's lines. This ceased about 11 o'clock, when a whole brigade-about 6,000 strong, understood to have been Brigadier General [F. P.] Blair's, though not led by him in person-emerged from the woods in good order and moved gallantly forward under a heavy fire of our artillery. The advanced to within 150 yards of the pits when they broke and retreated, but soon rallied, and dividing their forces sent a portion to their right, which was gallantly driven back by the Twenty-eighth Louisiana and Forty-second Georgia Regiments witch heavy loss. Their attack in front was repulsed with still greater disasters. By a handsome move ment on the enemy's flank the Twenty-sixth and part of the Seventeenth Louisiana threw the enemy into inextricable confusion, and were so fortunate as to capture 4 stands of regimental colors, 21 commissioned officers, 311 non-commissioned officers and privates, and 500 stand of

