
arms. The Third, Thirtieth, and Eightieth Tennessee Regiments occupied the rifle-pits i front and behaved with distinguished coolness and courage.

During this assault upon the right the enemy in force was endeavoring to carry our center, commanded by General Barton, by storm. Five resolute efforts were made to carry our breastworks and were as often repulsed with heavy loss. Three times he succeeded in mounting the parapet and once made a lodgment and attempted to mine. The Fifty-second Georgia, Colonel [C. D.] Phillips, re-enforced Colonel Morrison's and Colonel Adba Johnson's regiments early in the day. These troops and the lien of skirmishers, formed of companies from the Fortieth and Forty-second Georgia, behaved with distinguished courage and steadiness throughout. At this point the enemy did not give up his attack until night fall.

On the left, commanded by Brigadier-General Vaughn, the heavy abatis prevented the approach of the enemy except with sharpshooters, who advanced continuously, but were met firmly by his East Tennesseeans.

Our sharpshooters everywhere by their coolness, vigilance, and accuracy of aim, rendered the most valuable service and contributed greatly to the general result.

On the evening of the 29th Major-General Stevenson arrived at Vicksburg, and by reason of seniority was assigned to the command of the troops in front of the enemy.

On the 30th, although the enemy still occupied his position in front of our lines the firing was confined tot he sharpshooters on either side.

Major General [Dabney H.] Maury arrived during this day from Grenada with a portion of his division and was assigned to the command of the right wing, reaching from the signal station to Snyder's Mill.

On the 31st the enemy sent in flag of truce, asking permission to bury his dead and care for his wounded, which was granted.

On January 1 it became evident that some new movement was on hand, and on the 2nd it was ascertained that the enemy was re-embarking. General Lee was sent with five regiments to harass him in this operation. The noble Second Texas, whose fortune it was to be in advance of the assaulting column, charged and routed the enemy, formed ont eh bank of the river, and continued (although under the incessant fire of twelve gunboats) their attack on the crowded transports until they passed beyond range.

It is deeply to be regretted, however, that Lieutenant Colonel [W. C.] Timmins of this regiment, a brave and gallant soldier, who had just recovered from the effects of a wound received at Corinth, was in this action mortally wounded at the head of his regiment.

During these several engagements our entire loss was 63 killed, 134 wounded, and 10 missing. I have reason to believe the enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners was not less than 2,000.

For a more detailed statement of the military operations along our lines, running through a period of several days and resulting in the signal repulse of the enemy at all pints, I must refer you to the reports of the different commanders engaged, with I have the honor to inclose herewith.

During the attack our officers and men behaved most admirably. Without exception they have merited the highest encomiums. They endured fatigue and exposure with patience and cheerfulness. They met the enemy-greatly outnumbering them-with resolution and unflinching courage. Those to whom I would call your particular attention

