
as entitled to the highest distinction are the Seventeenth, Twenty-second, Twenty-sixth, Twenty-eighth, and Thirty-first Louisiana Regiments; Forty-sixth Mississippi Regiment and First Mississippi Artillery and Ward's Battalion of Light Artillery; Fortieth, Forty-second, [and] Fifty-second Georgia Regiments, and Third, Thirtieth, and Eightieth Tennessee Regiments.

The commanding officers of their respective regiments deserve the highest praise for their good conduct, and I do not consider that I detract from the merits of others by calling your particular attention to Colonel Edward Higgins, who commanded our batteries at Snyder's Mill; to Colonel Withers, who first commanded the force at Chickasaw Bayou and afterward at Blake's Levee; to Colonel Thomas, who so gallantly checked the advance of the enemy along the Chickasaw Bayou; and to Colonel Hall, who arrested his progress after Colonel Thomas was forced to retire; and to Colonel Morrison, who occupied the trenches in front of the Indian mound from first to last. They deserve well of their country.

To Major-General Smith the defenses of Vicksburg have been intrusted and he is entitled tot eh highest credit for the disposition of his troops and for his arrangements for defense, which rendered the place almost impregnable.

To Brigadier-General Lee, to whom was confided at first the immediate command of all the troops from the race course to Snyder's Mill, great praise is due for his energy, courage,a nd ability, which showed him fully equal tot he responsibility devolved upon him. His conduct throughout deserves your especial consideration.

Brigadier-General Barton, instructed with a most important command, behaved with distinguished coolness, energy, and gallantry.

Brigadier-Generals Vaughn and Gregg, though not so prominently involved in the several action with the enemy, yet performed their respective duties in an entirely satisfactory manner.

Major-Generals Stevenson and Maury, arriving too late to participate in the more active parts of the engagement, displayed the utmost zeal and increased the general confidence of our soldier sin their ability to hold our advanced positions against any numbers the enemy might bring against them.

To those members of the staff who were with me-Major J. Thompson, inspector-general of department, and Lieutenant J. H. Morrison, aide-de-camp-I am especially indebted for the prompt and efficient manner in which they discharged every duty devolved upon them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

VICKSBURG, January 2, 1863.

The enemy, finding all his efforts unavailing to make any inroad upon our position here, had re-embarked, leaving a considerable quantity of intrenching tools and other property, and apparently has relinquished his lesigns upon Vicksburg.

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

