
and easily repulsed. His skirmishers, as they advanced in the fallen timber, were boldly met by our sharpshooters and their progress arrested. A few well-directed shots from some 12 and 24 pounders drove them back into the woods and their masses disappeared.

On the 30th the enemy's fire sensibly slackened, and permission to bury their dead and care for their wounded being granted on the 31st it was not afterward renewed to any great extent.

Our loss from first to last was 53 killed, 134 wounded, and 10 missing. The loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and taken prisoners was estimated at 2,000. It is now understood that they admit a loss of 2,200.

On the 30th Major-General Stevenson having arrived, relieved me, by virtue of seniority, from the command of the troops in front of the enemy.

The manner in which the troops, one and all, bore themselves during the six days and nights of continuous service in the field and trenches cannot be too much admired. Under General Lee they met the enemy in superior numbers and hurled him back with heavy loss. Under General Barton they endured unflinchingly a fire from which veteran troops might well have shrunk and gave a bloody resection to his repeated assaults. Those under Generals Gregg and Vaughn showed perfect steadiness throughout and gave evidence of reliability should they be more particularly called upon to show it. That the gallant offices and men who had withstood the bombardment of last summer should show such brilliant qualities as soldiers I had expected, and most faithfully did they fulfill my expectations; that those who came to re-enforce would to the same their officers knew. In no case was there disappointment.

As but one of the regiments from among those originally with me here (and that among the most promising) was necessarily absent from the field, it is but justice to say that both officers and men earnestly desired orders to be sent forward to the line. This regiment was the Twenty-seventh Louisiana.

In concluding I take pleasure in reiterating the terms of commendation in which the officers of different regiments are spoken of. They are intelligent, devoted, gallant soldiers, and deserve well of their country.

To the intelligent activity of my chief quartermaster and commissary much praise is due. Cooked rations were furnished the troops during the whole operations, and transportation provided promptly and to the extent that resources, both public and private, admitted of. I acknowledge, also, the valuable services of my immediate staff.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Miss. and East La., Jackson, Miss.

[Addenda.]
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S DIVISION,Vicksburg, Miss., April 27, 1863.

Major R. W. MEMMINGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a communication from Brigadier General S. D. Lee, commanding Third Brigade, regarding an inscription

