
on the banners of regiments engaged in December last on the Yazoo line near Vicksburg.

As the line of battle really-extended from Snyder's Mill to the Mississippi River, Chickasaw Bayou being but one of the three points where the engagement was severe and long continued, and as it was Vicksburg that was being defended, a city already distinguished and the name of which will always be a proud one and universally known, my wish is rather that the regiments engaged, especially those belonging to my division, have "Vicksburg" inscribed upon their standards, and this name is respectfully recommenced.

By reference to the reports forwarded to your office it will be seen that other regiments besides those under General Lee behaved with great gallantry and have an equal claim to distinction. The following were the regiments and batteries under Generals Barton and Lee respectively during the main part of the actions:

With General Lee at Chickasaw Bayou: Seventeenth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers; Third, Thirtieth, and Eightieth (now Sixty-second) Regiments Tennessee Volunteers; Forty-second Regiment Georgia Volunteers; Companies A and D, First Mississippi Light Artillery (Colonel Withers); Company A, Ward's Battalion Light Artillery.

Under General Lee at Snyder's Mill: Twenty-second Regiment Louisiana Volunteers, Third Regiment Mississippi Volunteers.

With General Barton at Indiana Mound, on Fishing Lake: Fortieth, Forty-third, and Fifty-second Regiments Georgia Volunteers; Thirty-first Regiment Louisiana Volunteers.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. L. SMITH,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Vicksburg, Miss., May 12, [1863].

Major Memminger, assistant adjutant-general, will issue an order directing that the word "Vicksburg" be inscribed on the banners of the within-named regiments, as Chickasaw Bayou is only a part of Vicksburg.

By order of Lieutenant-General Pemberton:

F. M. STAFFORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

VICKSBURG, MISS., April 25, 1863.

Major MEMMINGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. Miss and East La., Jackson, Miss.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to request that the following regiments and batteries be authorized to inscribe on their colors "Chickasaw Bayou," they having bone a conspicuous part in that important action, viz: Seventeenth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-eighth Regiments Louisiana Volunteers; Third, Thirtieth, and Eightieth Regiments of Tennessee Volunteers; Companies A and D, First Regiment Mississippi Light Artillery (Colonel Withers); Company A, Ward's Battalion Light Artillery, and Forty-second Regiment Georgia Volunteers. The

