
above regiments and batteries were engaged in the action, and I think it due to them that they should be permitted to bear the name on their colors.

Yours, respectfully,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General, Provisional Army.

Numbers 28.

Report of Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding forces in front of Vicksburg, of operations December 30, 1862-January 2, 1863.
HDQRS. FORCES IN FRONT OF VICKSBURG, MISS.,January 7, 1863.

COLONEL: For the information of the lieutenant-general commanding I have the honor to submit the following report:

I arrived here on the evening of the 29th ultimo and was placed in command of all the forces then in front of the enemy.

At an early hour the following morning I repaired tot he field of action of the previous day and assumed command of the whole line, and especially of the left, composed of the brigades of Generals Barton, Vaughn, and Gregg. The right-extending from Rocks Springs to Snyder's Mill, and composed of part of Maury's division and Lee's brigade-was under the immediate command of Major General D. H. Maury.

All remained quiet during the day in front of General Maury; saw occasional picket firing, although it was evident that the enemy was still confronting him and in line of battle.

At daylight the attack on General Barton's command was renewed, but with less vigor. The firing, however, continued at intervals all day, and the enemy was foiled in various attempts to erect batteries at different points. There was also heavy skirmishing during the day in front of General Vaughn.

On the morning of the 31st it was apparent that the enemy during the night had intrenched the front of his entire line. Still, there was no renewal of the engagement.

About 11 o'clock a flag of truce was sent to our lines by Brigadier General [G. W.] Morgan, U. S. Army, asking a suspension of hostilities for four hours to enable him to bury his dead. The request was granted, and about 200 dead bodies were removed from the front of that portion of our line commanded by Brigadier-General Lee, between 100 and 200 from General Barton's front, and thee is reason to believe that the enemy removed many of his dead during the two nights just previous to the suspension of hostilities. From a close examination of the ground occupied by the enemy I think that his loss during the several day's engagement could not have been less than 1,200 men-probably many more.

On the night of the 1st these were indications that the enemy was landing troops at Snyder's Mill, but early on the morning of the 2nd it was clear that there was no intention of attacking that point and that he was actually embarking his troops. Five regiments, under the command of General Lee and Colonel Withers, were sent to harass him during this operation. One of these regiments (the Second Texas) pursued the retreating foe to the very bank of the river, and, notwithstanding

