
an incessant and heavy fire from twelve of his gunboats, poured volley after volley into his ranks while he hurriedly embarked upon his transports and steamed rapidly beyond rifle range.

For our casualties and the names of those officers whose gallant conduct won the commendation of their superiors I would respectfully refer the commanding general to the accompanying reports of Major-General Maury and Brigadier-Generals Lee and Barton.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Mississippi and East Louisiana.

Numbers 29.

Report of Brigadier General Seth M. Barton, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of operations December 27-30, 1862.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., SMITH'S CORPS,Vicksburg, Miss., January 5, 1863.

MAJOR: In compliance with directions from your office I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my command on the 28th, 29th, and 30th ultimo:

Soon after my arrival here on the 27th I was ordered by Major General M. L. Smith to take post with a part of my brigade on the road in rear of the rifle-pits on the lake, some 3 miles north of the city, and take charge of the operations there. I fond the post occupied by Colonel Morrison, with his regiment (Thirty-first Louisiana), a section of artillery, posted on an Indian mound in rear, all supported by [Colonel John A.] Rowan's Tennessee regiment on the road. The line of skirmishers to the right and left was strengthened and troops placed in position.

At 4.30 a. m. on the 28th the enemy opened with six pieces and sharpshooters on the works and road, and with few intermissions kept up his fire with increased force and vigor until night-fall. Rowan's regiment was sent early in the day to General Lee on his call for re-enforcements, and its place supplied by the Fortieth Georgia, Colonel Abda Johnson. The rifle-pits, sustaining a heavy fire and being threatened with assault, were re-enforced by five companies of this regiment, and two others strengthened the line of skirmishers. General Lee still needing troops, the forty-second Georgia, Colonel [R. J.] Henderson, was sent him, drawing the Third Tennessee from General Gregg, on my left, to replace it.

During the afternoon the enemy having silenced the section on the mound, under fire of his artillery and infantry concentrated upon the breastworks, attempted to erect a battery at breaching distance. Major Ward, with two sections, was ordered to engage the enemy's guns to create a diversion in favor of skirmishers and enable them to prevent this work. This was handsomely and successfully done and continued until darkness terminated the conflict. The night was passed strengthening the parapet and enlarging the work and rearranging and relieving the troops.

At daylight on the 29th the attack recommenced in heavy force, slackened in vigor about 7 a. m., but renewed about 11 a. m. and lasted until after dark. The enemy made five efforts to take the breastworks

