
by storm-three times gained the crest of the parapet, once made a lodgment and attempted to mine, but on every occasion was repulsed with heavy loss. The Fifty-second Georgia, Colonel [C. D.] Phillips, re-enforced the work early in the day. The line of skirmishers, formed by companies of the Fortieth and Forty-second Georgia, was earnestly engaged all day, and held their position steadily and gallantly. The night was spent as before-in repairing the works and relieving the troops.

At daylight on the 20th the attack was renewed, but with less vigor, only three regiments and eighth pieces of the enemy engaging the rifle-pits and skirmishers, and a desultory fire was continued during the day. The enemy endeavored to erect batteries at various points, but was driven off.

I beg leave to call attention to the steadiness and intelligence of the troops under fire and their cheerfulness under the fatigues of three days and nights of incessant labor, watchfulness, and action.

My casualties amount to 15 killed and 39 wounded, exclusive of that of the Thirty-first Louisiana of which no report has yet been received. The loss of the enemy can only be surmised, but was evidently heavy. Near by, nine large grave-trenches, of capacity of 75 men each, were left filled. hundreds were permitted to be carried off, and the ground for 150 yards in front of the breastworks gave frightful evidence of the great slaughter committed there. I estimate their killed, from these facts, at 650.

Great praise is due Colonel [C. H.] Morrison, Thirty-first Louisiana, and the officers and men of his regiment for their good conduct throughout. I also make mention of Colonels Abda Johnson (wounded), fortieth Georgia; Henderson, Forty-second Georgia, and Phillips, Fifty-second Georgia; Lieutenant Colonel [Hiram P.] Bell (wounded), commanding Forty-third Georgia, and maj. [Henry C.] Kellogg, same regiment; Capts. [T. B.] Lyons and --- Patterson, of my staff, as officers whose meritorious conduct came under my personal observation, and respectfully refer to subordinate reports for account of others whom their commanders commend for special merit.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. M. BARTON,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 30.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Vaughn, C. S. Army, commanding Brigade, of operations December 26-29, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS EAST TENNESSEE BRIGADE,Near Vicksburg, Miss., January 10, 1863.

SIR: I herewith report the operations of my brigade during the late battle before Vicksburg:

The position assigned me was the extreme left of the line in front of the trenches and covering the abatis on the lake road. I deployed one regiment as skirmishers on the line of woods in front of the abatis, extending from the river bank to the left of the line of skirmishers thrown out by General Barton, holding the regiments of Cols. [John H.] Crawford and Rowan in reserve during the progress of the first day's fight.

