
his troops. Colonel Withers was at once sent with three regiments, and immediately afterward General Lee with two additional regiments, to harass the enemy while embarking. The gunboats prevented this force from making any heavy attack, though they could not prevent the Second Texas Sharpshooters from pressing close up to the transports and firing into the troops crowded on their decks until they steamed beyond rifle range.

I regret to report that this gallant regiment has again lost its commander. Lieutenant-Colonel Timmins, just recovered from a severe wound received at Corinth, was again very seriously wounded in this attack upon the transports. His gallantry and the fine conduct of his regiment are much spoken of by those who observed them.

It is probably that many of the enemy were killed and wounded in this affair. Nine prisoners were captured and a small amount of stores.

I believe that their abandonment of this great military enterprise is justly attributable to the severe defeat of the enemy by Brigadier General S. D. Lee on the 29th instant, and I desire here to express my thanks to that officer for the manner in which he has enabled me to discharge the duties of this command. Throughout the operations herein reported I have relied upon General Lee's knowledge of the ground and of the troops and upon his admirable military judgment. he is one of the most energetic, prompt, and efficient soldiers it has ever been my good fortune to serve with, and I hope the distinguished services he has rendered the country here may be acknowledge by his advancement in rank and command.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Major-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MAURY'S DIVISION,Vicksburg, Miss., January 7, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the following as the list of wounded in the Second Regiment Texas Infantry in the reconnaissance under General Lee on the 3rd [2d?] instant: Lieutenant Colonel W. C. Timmins, commanding the regiment, severely wounded; Private D. Morse, Company H, slightly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLOWERREE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32.

Report of Brigadier General Stephen D. Lee, C. S. Army, commanding Provisional Division, of operations December 25, 1862-January 2, 1863.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S BRIGADE,Vicksburg, Miss., January --, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the troops under my command during the recent conflict with

