
Louisiana, Colonel [Winchester] Hall, near the edge of the lake and in temporary rifle-pits, brought them to their usual prudence and allowed the gallant Twenty-eighth to move in safety. Colonel Hall held his pits in his advanced position against a vastly superior force with great coolness and effect. The enemy also attacked Colonel Morrison at the mound in heavy force, and placed several batteries in position opposite to him, which kept up a continuous fire.

The enemy on the evening of the 26th had appeared in considerable force at the levee, and gave me much uneasiness. During the night of the 27th I increased my force at that point and placed Colonel Withers, First Mississippi Artillery Regiment, in charge of its defense, he having at his disposal the Forty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, Seventeenth Louisiana, and Bowman's battery. This arrangement was made none too soon. Early on the morning of the 28th the enemy appeared in force on the levee with artillery, but was handsomely held in check and driven back by Colonel Withers' command, the Forty-sixth Mississippi, and two Napoleon guns under Lieutenant Johnston, doing admirable service.

On the 28th the enemy,w ho had landed a small infantry force in front of Snyder's Mill, disappeared from that point, only two gunboats amusing themselves by firing at long range on our works. Their force in front of my position at Chickasaw Bayou had greatly increased on the evening of the 28th, and it was evident my position would be attacked next morning. During the night my command was re-enforced by two regiments and my line of battle fixed.

Before daylight on the 29th Colonel Hall's regiment was withdrawn from its advanced pits and the dry crossing left open to the enemy, as it was desired he should attack my position in front.

Early on the morning of the 29th the enemy cautiously examined the advanced pits (vacated), not understanding apparently why they had been abandoned. He was exceedingly cautious. About 9 a. m. he attempted to throw a pontoon bridge over the lake to my left. this was soon thwarted by a few well-directed shot from the section of Wofford's battery and a section of guns commanded by Lieutenant J. A. Tarleton, of Major [M. S.] Ward's artillery battalion, [Fourteenth Mississippi]. As soon as the attempt to pontoon the lake was discovered my line of battle was pushed to the left by two regiments to throw them in front of the threatened point; the two regiments were the Forty-second Georgia and Twenty-eighth Louisiana; at the same time Colonel [Pierre S.] Layton's Fourth Mississippi was ordered to join me from Snyder's Mill, as no enemy, was at that point. About 10 a. m. a furious cannonade was opened on my position by the enemy, he at the same time arranging his infantry, 6,000 strong, moved gallantly up under our artillery fire (eighth guns), crossing the dry lake at two points, one being in front of the vacated pits and the other about 200 yards from my line. Here our fire was so terrible that they broke, but in a few moments they rallied again, sending a force to my left flank. This force was soon met by the Twenty-eighth Louisiana, Colonel Allen Thomas, and the Forty-second Georgia, Colonel [R. J.] Henderson (sent to the left in the morning), and handsomely repulsed. Our fire was so severe that the enemy lay down to avoid it. Seeing their confusion on Twenty-sixth Louisiana and a part of the Seventeenth Louisiana were marched on the battle-field, and under their cover 21 commissioned officers and 311 non-commissioned officers and privates were taken prisoners, and 4 stand of colors and 500 stand of arms captured.

