
The enemy left in great confusion, leaving their dead and wounded ont he field. About 80 of their wounded were treated in our hospital. Their dead on the field numbered 200. Many of their wounded were allowed to be carried off by their infirmary corps immediately after the fight. In this day's fight their casualties could not have fallen short of 1,000. Immediately after the battle the fire of their sharpshooters was redoubled. They would not allow my command to car for their wounded.

The troops under my command behaved with great gallantry-officers and men. It will be impossible to notice the conduct of all deserving mention. Besides the regiments already mentioned for gallantry I would mention the Third, Thirtieth, and Eightieth [Sixty-second] Tennessee Regiments, occupying the pits where the enemy made their most formidable attack. They displayed coolness and gallantry and their fire was terrific.

No reports having been received from the colones, no names can be given as deserving of especial notice, but every one did well. Colonel [Edward] Higgins, commanding the important post at Snyder's Mill, deserves great credit. He commanded only as old soldier could. Though often threatened he was always cool and self-possessed and exhibited in his dispositions great judgment.

I would particularly mention Colonel Withers, who exhibited high soldierly qualities and great gallantry, first in holding the enemy in check after landing, and in repulsing him when my right flank was threatened. His dispositions were excellent.

Colonel Allen Thomas, Twenty-eighth Louisiana, exhibited great gallantry and with his regiment did splendid service. Colonel Hall, Twenty-sixth Louisiana, showed great coolness and gallantry. Colonel Henderson, Forty-second Georgia; Cols. [C. J.] Clark and [James J.] turner, Third and Thirtieth Tennessee; Colonel [J. S.] Rowan, Eightieth Tennessee; Colonel Easterling, Forty-sixth Mississippi, and Colonel [Robert] Richardson deserve favorable notice.

Of the artillery, I would particularly mention Major [B. R.] Holmes.

Captain Wofford exhibited great gallantry and coolness, and to him is due more credit than to any one else for such defenses as were at Chickasaw Bayou, he having planned and executed most of them. Lieutenants Johnston, Duncan, Tarleton, and Weems behaved well.

Of my personal staff I am pained to announce the detach of Captain Paul Hamilton, assistant adjutant-general, who was killed on the 29th, by the explosion of a caisson by a shell from the enemy, while executing an order. He was the most promising young officer it has been my fortune to meet. he was but twenty-one years of age, but had been in thirty battles. He was brave to a fault, always present in danger in the path of duty. His gallantry was only excelled by his modesty and strict performance of every trust confided to him.

Major Donald C. Smith, brigade inspector, behaved with gallantry and coolness under fire and did good service. Lieutenant Henry B. Lee, aide-de-camp, showed great bravery; he was wounded in the hand bearing an order. Major [W. O.] Watts, Captain W. H. Johnson, and Lieutenant [S. S.] Champion, volunteer aides-de-camp, acted gallantry and were of great service.

I would also mention Corporal Champion, of Captain Johnson's company, in charge of courier, for his bravery. He carried several important orders under heavy fire. Dr. Smith (a civilian seventy years of age) acted as aide-de-camp and did good service.

