
Inclosed is a list of casualties: Thirty-six killed, 78 wounded, and 3 deserted. Total, 124.

Major-General Maury arrived on the morning of the 30th and assumed command. The report of my future operations will be sent through him.

Please find inclosed reports of Colonels withers, Higgins, Thomas, and Morrison.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Major-General, C. S. Army, Commanding on Yazoo.

Major J. G. DEVEREUX,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Dist., Dept. Miss. and East La.
HEADQUARTERS,Chickasaw Bayou, Miss., January 6, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report for the information of Major-General Maury:

Up to his arrival on the morning of the 30th ultimo my command extended from General Barton's right, at Rocks Springs, to Snyder's Mill, including the command at that point-8 miles. The general on his arrival informed me what troops he had brought and placed them at my disposal, directing me to put them in position, stating that he would be responsible, but that I should continue to command the troops as he knew little of the ground. I felt highly flattered at such an evidence of his confidence and beg leave to thank him for his generous conduct.

During the 30th the enemy were remarkably quiet along the whole line. There was no artillery fire on their parti, but heir line of battle was plainly visible.

On the morning of the 31st it was discovered that the nemy had thrown up a strong line of intrenchments in front of his line of battle, with embrasures for his artillery. There was, however, a remarkable stillness on his part, and about 11 a. m. Brigadier-General Morgan, commanding in my front, sent in a flag of truce, asking four hours to bury his dead. It was granted, and there was no firing during the rest of the day.

On the 1st unusual silence of the enemy and the number of his boats visible at the mouth of the Chickasaw Bayou led me to believe that the nemy was concentrating his force for an attack at some point either above or below Chickasaw Bayou, and Colonel Higgins, at Snyder's Mill, was warned.

During the night of the 1st and 2nd frequent reports reached my headquarters to the effect that the enemy were landing in heavy force to attack our works at Snyder's Mill, and by direction I moved to that point with four regiments, arriving there before daylight. So soon as it was dawn it was evident that the enemy intended no attack, but was re-embarking. I immediately returned to Chickasaw Bayou, and by permission of the major-general pursued the enemy to the river with the Second Texas, Third and Thirtieth Tennessee, and the Twenty-third Alabama Regiments; the Second Texas being in front, the entire regiment being deployed as skirmishers. The enemy were found drawn up in line of battle (two regiments) on the river bank under cover of their gunboats, about twelve in number, and the river bank being lined with their transports. The Second Texas advanced to 100 yards of the boats

