
without opening fire. Neither did the enemy open on them. I ordered the fire to open. This most gallant regiment with a dash rushed almost up to the boats, delivering their fire with terrible effect ont heir crowded transports. Never have I seen so sudden a disappearance from crowded vessels nor vessels move off so hurriedly. The gunboats at once open on the skirmishers with about twenty boat-howitzers from their upper decks and with rifles from their plated decks. The Texas remained until their troops had disappeared, and as nothing was to be gained by firing on their iron-clads they withdrew.

I regret to state that the gallant Colonel Timmins, commanding the regiment, was wounded. I would also mention that Captain Brown, of General Maury's staff, had his horse killed during the action.

The enemy having all re-embarked I returned from the Yazoo. Ther is nothing further worthy reporting.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STEPHEN D. LEE,

Brigadier-General, C. S. Army.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL, MAURY'S DIVISION,

Vicksburg, Miss.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Jackson [Miss.], January 19, 1863.

Brigadier General STEPHEN D. LEE,

Commanding Brigade, at Vicksburg:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Lieutenant General J. C. Pemberton, commanding this department, to say to you that owing to the gallantry shown by yourself and the troops under your command you are authorized to designate a suitable officer of your staff to carry to Richmond, Va., the "standards" capture din the engagement on the Chickasaw Bayou near Vicksburg, Miss., on December 29, 1862.

I am, general, very respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

J. R. WADDY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Addenda.]
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT MISSISSIPPI AND EAST LOUISIANA,Vicksburg, January 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and inspector General:

SIR: I have the honor to forward to you for preservation four stands of colors captured from the enemy on the 29th ultimo in the attack upon Vicksburg. I send these colors by the hands of Major D. C. Stith, of Brigadier-General Lee's staff and inspector-general of his brigade. Major Stith was selected for this service with my approval by General Lee on account of the leading and distinguished part which his brigade bore in the action of that day, which resulted in the decided discomfiture of the enemy and the capture of these colors.

I am, general, very respectfully, &c.,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-General, Commanding.

