
regiments. The space between the lake and levee being narrow, the column had only a front of the one section, which gave us a decided advantage. They threw forward their skirmishers, covering the entire space between the lake and the leave and attempted to advance, but time and again were repulsed by the well-directed special-case shot from Lieutenant Johnston's Napoleons and the vigilance and determination of the Forty-sixth Mississippi. Once the column of attack advanced, but was soon checked and force to retire by the fire of our artillery. While Lieutenant Johnston's section was holding this column in check they were exposed not only to the fire from the battery on the levee but also to the cross-fire from the Parrott guns in the point of the woods opposite our center. The enemy were held in check all day at this pint, evidently fearing to make the assault. The reserve of infantry and artillery on the right had no opportunity during the day to take part int eh action, but were annoyed occasionally by shots from the enemy's artillery. A section of Captain [J. L.] Wofford's battery, under Lieutenant [J. W.] Weems, posted in the main road on the extreme left of my command, was after 11 a. m. under heavy fie from the enemy's Parrott guns and sharpshooters in the point and behaved with great gallantry.

Before daylight ont eh 29th ultimo the troops with which you reenforced the right went into position, expecting an assault on Blake's Levee; but by 9 o'clock I became satisfied that the nemy had shifted their position and were massing their forces on our center,a nd also notified your. A little after noon heavy firing on your center indicated the enemy were about to storm your position. The Seventeenth and Twenty-sixth Louisiana and one gun from Company E, under Lieutenant [W. J.] Duncan, was promptly ordered to the center. Soon after a section of Company I, under Captain Bowman, was also sent you from the right. The enemy now made a formidable assault upon your center and were played upon from the right by Lieutenant Johnston's Napoleons and a 6-pounder of Company I, under Lieutenant [John F.] Tye, with marked effect. The assault was unsuccessful and the enemy was driven back with terrible slaughter. As they retreated in wild confusion across the bed of the dry lake one of the Parrott guns of Company E opened upon them from the right, taking them in their flank and adding greatly to their confusion. After their retreat I noticed a column of the nemy again advancing on you, which was soon put to flight by a we well-directed shots from Lieutenant Duncan's gun and you from the right.

On the 30th and 31st [ultimo] and 1st instant all was quiet on the right. Early in the morning of the 2d, anticipating that our position at Blake's Levee would again be attacked, you sent me re-enforcements. The Thirty-seventh Alabama was relieved by the Thirty-fifth Mississippi, and the Twenty-eighth Louisiana, under Lieutenant Colonel [J. O.] Landry, was sent to Chickasaw Bayou Bridge, as a reserve to support the right wing, or go to Snyder's Bluff in case of attack there. While you were absent at Snyder's Bluff my position was further re-enforced by the Twenty-third Alabama Colonel [F. K.] Beck commanding, and I was ordered by General [Dabney H.] Maury to go to your assistance, in case you were attacked at Snyder's Bluff and needed re-enforcements, with the entire disposable force on the right.

Learning that the nemy were probably re-embarking, I was ordered by General Maury to follow them to their transports and feel them, if practicable. just at this time I met you on your return from Snyder's Bluff. Immediately the Thirtieth Mississippi, Twenty-eighth Louisiana, and Twenty-third Alabama Regiments were put in motion, and crossing

