
J. G. F. Holston, medical director, for his untiring labors in organizing hospitals and providing for their every want.

I cannot close this report without paying a tribute to all the officers and soldiers composing this command. Their conduct on the march was exemplary, and all were eager to meet the enemy. The possibility of defeat I do not think entered the mind of a single individual, and I believe this same feeling now pervades the entire army which I have the honor to command. I neglected to mention in the proper connection that to cover our movement from Corinth and to attract the attention of the enemy in another direction I ordered a movement from Bolivar toward Holly Springs. This was conducted by Brigadier-General Lauman, whose report is herewith submitted. Before completing this report the report of Major-General Ord was received and accompanies this.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Colonel J. C. KELTON, A. A. G., Washington, D. C.

Numbers 2.

Reports of Major General William S. Rosecrans, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi, with congratulatory orders.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 19, 1862-6 a. m.

General GRANT: Troops are all on the way, in fine spirits by reason of news. Eighteen miles to Iuka, but think I shall make it by the time mentioned-2 o'clock p. m. If Price is there he will have become well engaged by time we come up, and if so twenty regiments and thirty pieces cannon will finish him. Hamilton will go up Fulton and iuka road; Stanley up Jacinto road from Barnett's; when we get near will be governed by circumstances. Cavalry will press in on the right to cut off their retreat. If you can spare any of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry send them up to report on front as soon as possible. Country on our side is open; closed on yours.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Barnett's, September 19, 1862-12.40 p. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Burnsville:

GENERAL: Reached here at 12. Cavalry advance drove pickets from near here; met another stand at about 1 mile from here. Hamilton's division is advancing; head of column a mile to the front now. Head of Stanley's column is here. Hatch at Peyton's Mill; was skirmishing with cavalry; killed orderly-sergeant and brought up his book; belongs to Falkner, numbered 45 men for duty. Cavalry gone east toward Fulton road one hour. One of Hamilton's brigades went over to Cartersville. It will turn up into Jacinto and Iuka road above Widow Moore's. Colonels Dickey and Lagow arrived here half an hour ago. Say you have had not skirmishing since 3 o'clock.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

