
by a shot form one of the enemy's guns and rendered unserviceable. Captain Drew did not return to the field until late next morning, when he was placed in arrest and ordered to the rear. The battery afterward, under Lieutenant Duncan, acted with great gallantry and did good service. While Lieutenant Johnston's section was under fire from the battery of four guns on and near Blake's Levee it was also subjected to a cross-fire from the 20-pounder Parrott guns posted in the woods beyond McNutt's Lake. Night put an end to the contest.

It is proper there to state that Captain Wofford, having more men than were necessary to man his guns, had armed them with muskets, and they took position with the infantry in the rifle-trenches and did good service.

Before daylight on the morning of the 29th, in anticipation of an attempt to carry the levee, re-enforcements were sent me and the artillery was increased by three guns of Company E, under Lieutenant Duncan. All remained quiet on the right, and by 9 o'clock it became evident that the main force of the enemy had been removed from the levee and were being massed in front of the center, whore General Lee commanded in person. Early in the morning a 6-pounder gun of Company I, under Lieutenant Tye, was placed in position near Johnston's section of Napoleons, and so located as not only to sweep Blake's Levee but also the ground in front of our center.

About noon it became evident that the enemy intended dot attempt to carry our center by storm, and the Seventeenth and Twenty-sixth Louisiana and a 6-pounder gun of Company E, under Lieutenant Duncan, were hurried from the right to aid in repelling the attack. The enemy crossed the dry bed of the lake at two points and made a formidable attack on the center, but were repulsed with great slaughter. Captain Wofford's four guns, Lieutenant Johnston's section and the 6-pounder under Lieutenant Tye kept up a rapid and well-directed fire on the advancing columns from the moment they emerged from the wood until they were scattered and once more regained the friendly cover of the timber. Lieutenant Duncan arrived with his gun from the right while the nemy were int he open field in front of our works. He brought his gun into action on the open ground directly in front of the advancing columns, and under a heavy fire of artillery and infantry opened on them with marked effect. Just at this time a section of Company I, under Captain Bowman, was ordered up from the right, but arrived too late to take part in the action. They were, however, exposed to a heavy fire and had 1 man killed as they came on the ground. As the broken masses of the enemy retired across the bed of the lade a rifle pieces of Company E opened on them from the right and added greatly to their confusion. In this brilliant engagement the firing of the artillery was rapid and at the same time quite accurate. Some of the pieces fired 120 rounds each during the action. After being repulsed the enemy attempted to advance again across the dry bed of the lake, but a few shots from Lieutenant Duncan;s gun threw them into confusion and they scampered off like a frightened flock of sheep.

During the evening the enemy attempted to throw a pontoon bridge across McNutt's Lake, but Lieutenant Duncan's gun and Captain Wofford's howitzers soon drove them from their work. Anticipating that they would attempt to finish the bridge during the night, General Lee ordered Lieutenant Duncan and Captain Wofford to fire on them at intervals during the night. One of the Napoleon guns of Lieutenant Johnston was also place din position during the night to command the

