
bridge. In the morning it was ascertained that the enemy had given up the effort to bridge the lake and had withdrawn their boats.

During the 30th and 31st ultimo and 1st instant the artillery kept its position, but he enemy kept out of range. Ont he 2nd instant it was thought another effort would be made against Blake's Levee, but later int he day it was ascertained that probably the enemy were re-embarking their troops, when a portion of our troops were advanced across the lake and Chickasaw Bayou, capturing some prisoners and pursuing the enemy to their transports. Lieutenant Johnston and a section of Captain Wofford's battery engaged in this expedition.

The enemy were offered battle within a few hundred yards of their boats but declined, and took shelter as rapidly as possible under cover of their gunboats. Our troops in the mean time were exposed to a heavy artillery fire from the boats, but remained ont he field until it was certainly ascertained that the enemy were moving their transports toward the Mississippi River. One gun of Lieutenant Johnston's section was left a sa picket near the Yazoo, and our wearied troops returned to their encampments.

Too much praise cannot be accorded our brave soldiers, who wee out seven days and nights without tents or shelter of any kind, and who were for some time not even permitted to build fires to warm themselves. I bear testimony with pride and pleasure that my command endured their hardships not only uncomplainingly but cheerfully.

Six guns of Company A, Captain [S. J.] Ridley, and Captain [J. J.] Cowan's battery were posted at Snyder's Bluff. The enemy were constantly threatening this position, but never attacked our land defenses; consequently these fine batteries had no opportunity of engaging the enemy. Though they were not actually engaged yet they were out, exposed to the weather for nearly two weeks,a nd suffered almost as much from exposure as those who were in the actions at Chickasaw Bayou. Every officer connected with my regiment behaved with great gallantry except Captain Drew, of Company E.

I beg leave to call especial attending to Cap. J. L. Wofford, who distinguished himself for his gallantry and good conduct. he fired the first guns at the enemy, and a section of his battery followed them to their transports as they embarked. Lieutenant Lockhart and Weems of his battery also acted with great coolness and gallantry. Lieutenant Frank Johnston, of Company A, though a youth in years showed himself to be a man in experience, and called forth the admiration of al who saw him for the cool and efficient manner in which he handled his section. Captain Bowman, of Company I, though only a short time under fife, behaved with great gallantry, and gave favorable promise of good work whenever his gallant company have an opportunity. Lieutenant Tye of his company handled his 6-pounder gun ont he 29th ultimo with spirit and did admirable work.

My especial thanks are due Lieutenant Duncan, who assumed command f Company E after the arrest of Captain Drew, for the gallant and effective manner in which he managed his command. their conduct was such on the 29th as to merit and obtain the approbation of the brigadier-general commanding. Lieuts. [William J.] Cottingham and [J. A.] Guest, of Company e, both conducted themselves with gallantry and spirit. I take great pleasure in stating that the non-commissioned officers and men of all the batteries conducted themselves in a soldierly manner and are entitled to the thanks of their officers and of the country.

Captain Wofford's company lost 1 corporal (killed), 2 sergeants, 1 corporal, and 6 privates (wounded). Company E, Lieutenant Duncan

