
commanding, had 1 sergeant and 1 private killed and 3 privates wounded. This company had 5 horses killed and 2 wounded. Captain Bowman's company had 1 man killed. Lieutenant Johnston's section had 1 man slightly wounded.

My thanks are due to my staff for the gallant and efficient manner in which they discharged their respective duties. My adjutant (J. L. Powers) acquitted himself with much credit, as did also my sergeant-major, W. D. Elder. Quartermaster-Sergeant J. C. Henley rendered valuable service in attending to the distribution of ammunition and made himself generally useful. Lieutenant S. S. Champion, of Captain [W. H.] Johnson's cavalry company, who was assigned to duty with me by Brigadier-General Lee, acted with great gallantry and entitled himself to my tanks, as did also Captain Gaines, volunteer aide-de-camp.

Major b. R. Holmes, of my regiment, took a general oversight of al the batteries ont eh field. he acquitted himself to me entire satisfaction and rendered most valuable service. He richly deserves, and doubtless will receive, the thanks of al the batteries which took part in the different engagements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. WITHERS,

Colonel, Commanding First Mississippi Light Artillery.

Major General MARTIN L. SMITH,

Commanding Artillery, &amp;c.

Numbers 34.

Report of Colonel Edward Hogans, Twenty-second Louisiana Infantry, of affair at Snyder's Mill.
HEADQUARTERS,Snyder's Mill, December 30, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that at 2 p. m. December 27 the enemy's gunboats were seen coming up the river. In a short time a launch and several boats came around the point immediately below the batteries. Two shots were fired at them, which caused them to retire. In a few minuets a steamer (an immense iron-clad, between 300 and 400 feet in length) rounded the point and made fast to the other shore and engaged our batteries. Her fire was returned with spirit and precision. The sound of our shot was distinctly heard to strike the iron-clad, and it is believed several penetrated her hull. About 3 p. m. two Federal gunboats stationed behind the point opened with shell upon our batteries. A launch belonging tot he enemy was struck and turned over by one of our shot. About 5 p. m. the enemy being repulsed returned down the river.

The batteries and works were not injured. The casualties were 1 killed and 2 wounded, all of the Twenty-second Louisiana Regiment.

Much praise is due Major George Purves, Twenty-second [Twenty-first?] Louisiana, who commanded the batteries, and the men and officers under his command, for their gallant conduct during the engagement.

I am, general, very respectfully,

EDWARD HOGANS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier General STEPHEN D. LEE, Commanding Brigade.

