
At the dawn of day the fire from the sharpshooters and musketry was opened upon our lines, and applied so well from their cover that it was almost impossible for a man to show himself above the works without being instantly killed. The fire from their artillery and small-arms was continued until after dark without our being able to reply with any effect. During the day I was re-enforced by about 100 men from the Fortieth Georgia Regiment, to whom I was much indebted for their coolness and cheerful obedience.

On Sunday night our works were strengthened and improved.

On Monday morning, the 29th, before daylight, the attack was renewed by the enemy with more force and determination than on the day previous. Early in the day I began to reply to his fire at short intervals. About noon the fire became general on both sides, terminating only when it became too dark to fire except at random.

About 1 o'clock an attempt was made in force to storm our works on the extreme left, occupied by Company B, Captain R. D. Bridger, which was gallantly repulsed, only one of the enemy being able to reach the work, when he fell instantly. The effort tot storm the works was renewed about 2 o'clock, but with less determination than before. Repeated attempts were subsequently made to effect a breach in our fortifications with intrenching tools under cover of their attacking columns and the perpendicular banks of [--- ---]. These attempts wee all successfully resisted, nd those of the enemy who reached the desired position were generally driven off. By night we had driven the enemy back under cover of the woods and fallen timber.

During the hottest part of the engagement I was re-enforced on the left by the Fifty-second Georgia Regiment, Colonel Phillips, to whom we were much indebted for the final repulse of the enemy.

The total casualties in my regiment were 8 killed and 17 wounded, 1 of whom has since died. I have no report of the casualties in the Fortieth and Fifty-second Georgia Regiments, though they each suffered to some extent.

I have no means of knowing with any correctness the loss of the enemy, though I am persuaded it was very considerable from the evidences on the field, which was hastily scanned as far as could be seen by Colonel [C. D.] Phillips, of the Fifty-second Georgia Regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel [S. H.] Griffin, of my regiment, during the truce on the 30th. The enemy gathered up 9 dead bodies very near our breastworks, the rest having been removed under cover of the woods since night. About 20 were counted on other parts of the field during the engagement.

The attack was principally on our left wing, owing to the position of our works and the ground occupied by the enemy.

I might state many instances of individual gallantry, but as it is impracticable to mention them all I refrain from mentioning any. I take great pleasure, however, in bringing to your attention Mr. William Pasco, of the Whig office, who took a dispatch from me to one of General Barton's couriers and volunteered to bring it to me through the thickest of the fight on Sunday, the 28th, at the imminent risk of his life.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

C. H. MORRISON,

Colonel Thirty-first Louisiana Regiment, Lee's Brigade.

Major D. C. STITH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

