
back to him, and only moved forward from the creek when informed by an officer of Colonel Clanton's regiment that he knew the position of Colonel Wade and that he was in advance of him. So far as I have been able to learn I sustained no loss in his command.

I should add that in the commencement I could make no charge in body, because to have charged down the hill across the narrow bridge and causeway in the face of the heavy reserve of the enemy would have been impolitic if not impossible.

Several men report to me that they saw a piece of artillery in front of our left. I did not see this and am not satisfied of its correctness, but am satisfied of the presence of infantry.

In conclusion, I labored under great disadvantages, having no adviser, my orderly and sergeant-major being my only aids, with a mixed command, whose officers I neither knew by name nor dress. I acted according to the best of my judgment and can only hope that I shall meet your approval.

The conduct of officers and men was good, and I regret that my want of acquaintance with them will not permit me to designate them.

The confusion of formation was the necessary result of want of drill and instruction in the command.

I reached camp after night-fall after a ride of over 40 miles, with heat and dust almost insupportable.

Respectfully submitted.

JNO. F. LAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. A. GOODMAN.

[Indorsement.]

These reports [Nos.1 and 2] are so very inconsistent as to require explanation. Respectfully returned for that purpose.

By command of General Bragg:

GEO. G. GARNER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. B. Wade, C. S. Army.

JUNE 15, 1862.

GENERAL: I am now above Blackland, about 6 miles from it. I have seen several citizens who were there day before yesterday, and they say there are only 125 men there. They also report two regiments of cavalry 2 miles this side of Booneville. I propose, with your consent, to attack the party at Blackland to-night if they have not bee re-enforced. If you would send a force up the Blackland and Baldwyn road to co-operate with me I think they could be attacked in any force.

Colonel Lay, I suppose, has reported to you the attack upon us at Clear Creek and our retiring therefrom. Why it was I do not understand. After the enemy had made the attack and were firing upon us under cover of the hill he sent for me, and said he intended to fall back about 200 yards behind a field, dismount his regiment, which was armed with muskets. At the same time he ordered me to go up the creek and flank the enemy with my command. After I had taken my position and waited some time for him to advance his dismounted men -for

