HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Iuka, Miss., September 20, 1862-9.45 a. m.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Commanding District:

GENERAL: Rebels left all their sick and wounded at this place; part of their little camp equipage. They are retreating with all possible speed. Stanley follows them directly and Hamilton endeavors to cut them off from the Bay Springs road. The men double-quick with great alacrity. General Little killed, General Whitfield wounded. The rebel los estimated by themselves 400 to 500 killed and wounded; they have left many in the hospitals, many on the ground, which is covered with their dead-some fully three-fourths of a mile from where engagement took place. We shall bring our wounded into the town at once. Please order hospital stores and attendants for 500 sick and wounded. Why did you not attack this morning.?

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

P. S.-Could you re-enforce if necessary at Barnett's. It is now said that he gave orders to the colonels of his regiment to cut their way at all hazards to a point 35 miles from Iuka. It is said he expected Tilghman, with a command of released prisoners of about 7,000 strong who were to have joined, but he sent word to them not to come up, as he was in "a tight place."

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

GENERAL: I have opened this and read and communicated the contents to General Ord.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON.

GENERAL: We are out of rations to-night. We didn't hear any sounds of the battle last p. m. Started with sounds of first guns for town. General McArthur got tangled up among the hill roads and caused me some delay, but I was within 3 1/2 miles at 7 a. m. Took position there as per order till I could hear from General Rosecrans.

E. O. ORD,

Major-General, Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Near Iuka, September 20, 1862.

GENERAL: The enemy, occupying a tongue of land between two roads skirted by woods, made great demonstrations of flanking us right and left; appeared to be establishing batteries in front, halting and dressing up. Meantime their train was moving tot he rear, but could not tell in what direction. About 4 a. m. it began to be obvious that a movement of great magnitude to resist your or my attack was going on. I watched their movements all night, but the fastnesses of their position prevented my learning anything definite until daylight, when skirmishers were ordered forward and soon ascertained they were retreating. Stanley, with Thirty-ninth Ohio, section of artillery, and Mizner's cavalry are pushing them rapidly. Mizner has ordered up cavalry on the Russellville road, while his main force is pushing in on an oblique road leading

