HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Steamer Tigress, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 16, 1863.

COLONEL: On the 14th instant I sent up W. Turrell, with 100 men of the Twenty-sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, on transport Luzerne and a barge, with instructions to take on board a large lot of corn (4,800 bushels) at the port of South Bend, with orders if it could not be got on the boars to fire it. It was found necessary to burn it, and just as it was fired the boat was attacked by guerrillas that had followed the boat for some distance. The lines were cut and the boat dropped out and started for this place, followed by these outlaws for several miles, firing into the boat at several points. A few men were slightly wounded; none killed.

On the 15th I sent up Colonel Stewart to retaliate and destroy the corn in that vicinity that had been collected for the use of rebel army. How well he executed his orders you will see from his report, herewith inclosed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. MCCLERNAND,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Steamer Tigress, Mississippi River, January 20, 1863.

I have the honor too submit the following report of the operations of the forces of which, in pursuance of the order of Major-General Grant commanding Department of the Tennessee, I assumed command on the 4th instant, at Milliken's Bend, La., resulting in the reduction of Fort Hindman, more generally known as Post Arkansas:

These forces, styled by me for convenience and propriety of description the Army of the Mississippi, consisted of parts of two corps d'armee, viz, the Thirteenth, my own, and the Fifteenth, Major-General Sherman's. Desiring to give my undivided attention to matter affecting the general command, I immediately assigned Brigadier General George W. Morgan, a tried and meritorious officer, to the command of the Thirteenth Corps d'Armee, in which he was the senior division commander.

The Fifteen Corps, temporarily constituted by me the right wing, was composed of the following troops:

First Division-Brigadier General Steele commanding.

First Brigade-Brigadier General Frank P. Blair commanding.

The Thirteenth Illinois, Twenty-ninth Missouri, Thirty-first Missouri, Thirty-second Missouri, Fifty-eighth Ohio, and Thirtieth Missouri.

Second Brigade-Brigadier General C. E. Hovey commanding.

The Seventeenth Missouri, Twenty-fifth Iowa, Third Missouri, Seventy-sixth Ohio, Thirty-first Iowa, and Twelfth Missouri.

Third Brigade-Brigadier General John M. Thayer commanding.

The Fourth Iowa, Thirty-fourth Iowa, Thirtieth Iowa, Twenty-sixth Iowa, and Ninth Iowa Infantry.

Artillery-The First Iowa, Captain Griffiths; Fourth Ohio, Captain Hoffmann, and First Missouri Horse Artillery.

Cavalry-The Third Illinois and Company-, Fifteenth Illinois.

