
Second Division.-Brigadier General D. Stuart commanding.

First Brigade-Colonel G. A. Smith commanding.

The Eighth Missouri, Sixth Missouri, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, and Thirteenth United States.

Second Brigade.-Colonel T. Kilby Smith commanding.

The Fifty-fifth Illinois, One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois, Fifty-fourth Ohio, Eighty-third Indiana, and Fifty-seventh Ohio Infantry.

Artillery-Companies A and B, First Illinois Light Artillery, and Eighth Ohio Battery.

Cavalry-Two companies of Thielemann's Illinois Battalion and Company C, Tenth Missouri.

The Thirteenth Corps, forming the left wing, was composed of the following forces:

First Division-Brigadier General A. J. Smith commanding.

First Brigade-Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge commanding.

The Sixtieth Indiana, Sixteenth Indiana, Twenty-third Wisconsin, Eighty-third Ohio, Sixty-seventh Indiana, and Ninety-sixth Ohio.

Second Brigade-Colonel W. J. Landram commanding.

The Nineteenth Kentucky, Seventy-seventh Illinois, Forty-eighth Ohio, Ninety-seventh Illinois, One hundred and eighth Illinois, One hundred and thirty-first Illinois, and Eighty-ninth Indiana Infantry.

Artillery-The Seventeenth Ohio Battery, Captain Blount, and Illinois Mercantile Battery, Captain Cooley.

Cavalry-Company-, Fourth Indiana.

Second Division-Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus commanding.

First Brigade-Colonel L. A. Sheldon commanding.

The Sixty-ninth Indiana, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois, and One hundred and twentieth Ohio.

Second Brigade-Colonel D. W. Lindsey commanding.

The Third Kentucky, Forty-ninth Indiana, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio.

Third Brigade-Colonel J. F. De Courcy commanding.

The Sixteenth Ohio, Twenty-second Kentucky, Forty-second Ohio, and Fifty-fourth Indiana Infantry.

Artillery.-The First Wisconsin, Captain Foster, and Seventh Michigan, Captain Lauphere.

Having, as already mentioned, assumed command of these forces on the 4th instant after they had retired from the neighborhood of Vicksburg, I sailed with them the same day in execution of a purpose, the importance, of which I had suggested to General Gorman at Helena, December 20, on my way down the river. That purpose was the reduction of Fort Hindman, which had been laboriously and skillfully enlarged and strengthened since the commencement of the rebellion, which formed the key to Little Rock, the capital of the State of Arkansas, and the extensive and valuable country drained by the Arkansas, and the extensive and valuable country drained by the Arkansas River, and from which hostile detachments were constantly sent forth to obstruct the navigation of the Mississippi River and thereby our communications.

A Government transport, the Blue Wing, laden with valuable military stores, only a few days before fell prey to one of these detachments, and ammunition taken from her was used against us in the engagement

