
hastened with his brigade down the opposite shore and opened an oblique fire from Foster's two 20 and Lieutenant Wilson's two 10-pounder Parrotts into the enemy's line of rifle-pits, carrying away his battle-flag and killing a number of his men. Eager to do still more, he embarked the Third Kentucky on board of one of the gunboats to cross the river to the fort; but before it got over the enemy has surrendered.

Thus, at 4.30 o'clock, after three and a half hours' hard fighting, our forces entered and took possession of all the enemy's defenses.

To General Morgan I assigned the command of the fort, who, as a token of the conspicuous merit of General Smith throughout the action, assigned it to that officer. To General Sherman I gave in charge all the other defenses and the prisoners outside the fort, who, in like manner, honored General Stuart by giving them into his charge.

Seven stand of colors were captured, including the garrison flag, which was captured by Captain Ennis, one of General Smith's aides-de-camp. General Burnridge planted the American flag upon the fort, which had been placed in his hands, as a tribute to his gallantry, by General Smith for that purpose. Besides these, 5,000 prisoners; 17 pieces of cannon, large and small; 10 gun carriages and 11 limbers; 3,000 stand of small-arms, exclusive of many lost or destroyed; 130 swords; 50 Colt's pistols; 40 cans of powder; 1,650 rounds of shot, shell, and canister for 10 and 20 pounder Parrott guns; 375 shells, grapestands, and canister; 46,000 rounds of ammunition for small-arms; 563 animals, together with a considerable quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores, fell into our hands. Of these captures, seven pieces of cannon had been destroyed by the fire of our artillery and the gun-boats, besides 170 wagons and a large portion of the stores, which were destroyed for want of means to bring them away.

Our loss in killed was 129; in wounded, 831; missing, 17; in all, killed, wounded, and missing, 977;* while that of the enemy, notwithstanding the protection afforded by his defenses, proportionately to his numbers was much larger.

The prisoners of war I forwarded to the commissioner for the exchange of prisoners at Saint Louis; and utterly destroying all of the enemy's defenses, together with all buildings used by him for military purposes, I re-embarked my command and sailed for Milliken's Bend on the 17th instant in obedience to Major-General Grat's order.

Noticing the conduct of the officers and men who took part in the battle of the Arkansas, I must refer to the reports of corps, division, brigades, and regimental commanders for particular mention of those who specially signalized their merit; but in doing so I cannot forbear, in justice, to add my tribute to the general zeal and capability of the former and valor and constancy of the latter.

General Sherman exhibited his usual activity and enterprise; General Morgan proved his tactical skill and strategic talent, while Generals Steele, Smith, Osterhaus, and Stuart, and the several brigade commanders displayed the fitting qualities of brave and successful officers.

The members of my staff present-Colonel Stewart, chief of cavalry; Lieutenant-Colonel Schwartz, inspector-general; Lieutenant-Colonel Dunlap, assistant quartermaster; Major McMillan, medical director; Major Ramsay, Captain Freeman, and Lieutenants Jones, Caldwell, and Jayne, aides-de-camp-all rendered valuable assistance. Lieutenant Caldwell, who ascended into the top of a lofty tree, in full view of the enemy and within range of his fire, and gave me momentary infor-

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

