
from battle-field to Fulton road. The sound of their trains had not died away when we began to move. What sort of a rear guard they have cannot say. Men are pushing forward as fast as excessive fatigue will admit.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,One mile south of Iuka, September 20, 1862-8.45.

Major General U. S. GRANT, Booneville:

GENERAL: Dispatched you this morning at 7 o'clock to go by Iuka, but orderly said rebels were there; have sent it by courier line.

Night closed on us before we had more than six regiments engaged, some of them but slightly. The rebels were in a position on a high ridge running to a point at the forks of the roads, where we had to attack them, and commanding the only cross-road connecting fulton and Jacinto roads. The fight was sharp at the point where they captured the battery (reported now not to have been carried off, but left in the woods). Our loss will probably amount to 400 killed and wounded. Rebels were obliged to leave many of their dead on the field. They made great noise of establishing batteries in the woods during the night and massing troops. It excited my suspicions. I watched the movements all night, but could do nothing until daylight, when skirmishers going out reported enemy retreating. Cavalry and infantry were promptly put in motion to pursue. Cavalry just report seeing rebel train and infantry on fulton orad moving south. General Stanley has reached Iuka, I believe, but having received no report from his I can give no orders. Should it prove so, I shall order hamilton's division to face about and march to Barnett's; Stanley's to follow, and endeavor to cut off his retreat south and drive him into the defiles of Bear Creek. Iuka is deserted. Column retreating on Fulton toward Russellville road.

Have ordered Hamilton to go to Barnett's; will order Stanley to follow. Cavalry will go in advance, supported by a fresh regiment.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ONE AND ONE-HALF MILES FROM IUKA.

General Ord is moving on Iuka as rapidly as possible and will wait orders there.

JAS. B. MCPHERSON,

Major-General, Volunteers.

JACINTO, September 21, 1862-1 a. m.

Major-General GRANT, Jackson:

If you can let me know that there is a good opportunity to cross the railroad and march on Holly Springs to cut off the forces of Buck Van Dorn I will be in readiness to take everything. If we could get them across the Hatchie they would be clean up the spout.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

