HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISS., Jan. 11, 1863.

Admiral DAVID D. PORTER, Commanding Mississippi Squadron:

ADMIRAL: I have the honor to congratulate you upon the efficient and brilliant part taken by you, as commander of the Mississippi Squadron, in the reduction to-day of the Post of Arkansas.

All the prisoners and materials of war captured testify to harmonious and successful co-operation of the land and naval forces, and that each nobly emulated the other in the time of patriotic duty.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. McCLERNAND.

HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Post Arkansas, Jan. 12, 1863.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI: I congratulate you. Within seven days you have sailed 250 miles, from Vicksburg to this Post, borne upon numerous transports, from time to time furnished with fuel cut by you from the forest. With ranks thinned by former battles and disease you have waded and cut your way through miles of swamps and timber in advancing to the attack. You have stormed the defenses of the enemy's position which both nature and art had combined to render extraordinary strong, capturing after three and a half hours' hard fighting the whole hostile force opposed to you, numbering 7,000 men, together with 8,000 stand of arms, 20 cannon and a large amount of commissary, quartermaster's, and ordnance stores.

A success so complete in itself has not hitherto been achieved during the war. It is an important step toward the restoration of our national jurisdiction and unity over the territory on the right bank of the Mississippi River. It reflects honor upon your courage and patriotism. It will challenge the grateful acclaim of your country.

Your and my only cause of regret is the loss of the brave men who have fallen or been wounded in the defense of a just and sacred cause. All honor to them! Their names and their memory will be cherished in the hearts of their countrymen.

Soldiers, let this triumph be but the precursor of still more important achievements. Win for the Army of the Mississippi an imperishable renown. Surmount all obstacles, and relying on the God of Battles wrest from destiny and danger the homage of still more expressive acknowledgments of your unconquerable constancy and valor.

By order of Major General John A. McClernand, commanding Army of the Mississippi:

A. SCHWARTZ,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 28. Before Vicksburg, February 13, 1863.

His Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, having honored Major-General McClernand and the officers and soldiers of the Army of the Mississippi with congratulations upon their success upon the Arkansas, Major-General McClernand feels it to be equally a duty and a pleasure to publish the fact, together with the encouraging assurance of His Excellency that that "success was both brilliant and valuable, and is fully appreciated by the country and Government."

By order of Major General John A. McClernand:

WALTER B. SCATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

