
Return of Casualties in the Union forces, &amp;c.-Continued.

Killed. Wounded. Captain or miss.

 Offi	 Enlis	 Offi	 Enlis	 Offi	 Enli	 Aggreg

Command.	 cers	 ted	 cers	 ted	 cers	 sted	 ate.

 .	 men	 .	 men.	 .	 men.

Cavalry.

Thielemann's

Illinois

Battalion,	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Companies A and

B*

10th Missouri,	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Company C*

Total Cavalry	 - 	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -	 -

Total Second	 2	 22	 13	 141	 -	 9	 187

Division

Total Fifteenth	 6	 80	 42	 459	 -	 11	 598

Army Corps

Total Army of	 6	 128	 65	 833	 -	 29	 1,061

the Mississippi

Officers killed.-Captain David B. Greene, Third Missouri; Captain Thaddeus Lemert Seventy-sixth Ohio; Captain Lewis J. Eyman and Lieutenant John S. Taylor, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois; Lieuts. Peter L. Hyde and James S. Patterson, Twenty-sixth Iowa.

Numbers 3

Reports of Colonel Warren Stewart, Chief of Cavalry, of reconnaissances January 10 and 13 and expedition January 14-15.
HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,North of Post Arkansas, January 10, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 9 p.m. this day I was ordered by the general commanding to take his escort, Captain Sparks' company (L), Third Illinois Cavalry, 40 men, and proceeded to reconnoiter the enemy's position. Proceeding in a westerly direction through a dense undergrowth, from a point 1 mile west of the second line of rifle-pits, three-eighths of a mile, I came upon an abandoned cantonment. Three-eighths of a mile farther, over broken and dry ground, I came upon the main cantonment of the enemy, one-half mile in front of the main works. Their mounted cavalry fled at our approach, but about 80 dismounted cavalry threw down their arms and surrendered. Going farther west 200 or 300 yards I encountered a deep bayou that could be crossed by throwing a log bridge 40 feet across the main channel. This bayou, I learned, debouched into the Arkansas River three-quarter of a mile above the fort, and is their protection to their left flank and rear. I advise the occupation of the right bank of this bayou by one brigade and a battery, for the purpose of cutting off retreat and for enfilading their rifle-pits. On my return at 9 p.m I advised General Sherman of the nature of the ground and my views on the occupation of the right bank of the bayou.

I remain, major, your obedient and humble servant,

W. STEWART,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

Major A. SCHWARTZ, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*No loss reported.

---------------

