HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,Post of Arkansas, January 13, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submitting the following report of a reconnaissance toward White River and Saint Charles:

At 8 a.m. this day I proceeded, under orders from the general commanding, with all the available cavalry of this army, about 300 men, to examine the roads and topography of the country in the direction above mentioned. Crossing a bad cypress swamp, back of Notrib's, I took the road to White River down Little Prairie, in an easterly direction; on my right was Wild Goose Bayou, on my left the cypress swamp before mentioned, the prairie being narrow, and good ground at the east end of said prairie, 2 miles west of Prairie Landing. I learned that General W. A. Gorman had that morning ascended White River with a large force to attack Saint Charles. I learned that the White River bottom was wet, but passable for cavalry and infantry but not for artillery or wagons. I then went north across the cypress swamp before alluded to at Hynes' and went in the direction of Saint Charles and old Post Arkansas road, thence northwest, striking the Little Rock road from said old post, say, 10 miles northwest of the Post, and returned to camp. I found the road soft but good all the way, except the cypress swamp above mentioned. The country is poor. Accompanying is draught of the country.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

W. STEWART,

Colonel and Chief of Cavalry.

Major A. SCHWARTZ,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Steamer Tigress, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 16, 1863.

MAJOR: On the 14th instant I received orders to take one regiment of infantry and one gunboat and ascend the Arkansas River to the place where the steamer Luzerne had been fired into by rebel partisans on that day. At 8 a.m. I went on board the steamer Omaha, on which was the Fifty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel Mungen, and started up the river, but found that no gunboat had reported,a nd I then descended to the flag-ship and found the gunboat there in waiting. I then at 10 a.m. advanced, and at 3 p.m. was at South Bend. Here I burned 7,800 bushels of corn, and sent a detachment out south 2 miles and burned 22,500 more bushels of corn and about 50 hides. At Clay's place I captured 50 sheep, 6 mules, 50 hides, 1 bell, and other property contraband of war, and, in compliance with your orders, burned the dwelling and storehouse owned by rebels in arms near the place of attack by guerrillas the day before, and left the following notice for the inhabitants of that vicinity:

People of Arkansas:

I am sent up this river to take possession of Confederate property. Yesterday you fired into our transports. You have been repeatedly warned by us, and, I believe, by your own authorities, to desist from this mode of warfare. All engaged in this infamous practice are recognized by both sides as assassins. You citizens along the banks of the river are know to have been engaged with the party that attacked our transports yesterday. To-day I have burned one of your mansions. If you repeat your useless but assassin-like attacks I will devastate this entire country.

By order:

W. STEWART,

Colonel, Commanding.

