
continued with sullen stubbornness. The gunboats had passed above the fort and opened a reverse fire, and all of the guns of the fort were silenced but one. Several times, at different parts of the field, unauthorized white flags were run up and torn down again by the enemy. At length De Courcy's brigade emerged in double column from the woods on the river bank below the fort, and now for the first time an authorized white flag was brought out on the parapet and Post Arkansas was ours. The command to cease firing was promptly given, and in a few minutes afterward the enemy surrendered along his entire line. Brigadier-General Churchill commanded the fort in person and personally surrendered it. Osterhaus had formed the One hundred and twentieth Ohio in double column and ordered it to assault the east face of the fort, but added to the fosse there was a natural ravine which rendered it impossible; but this gallant regiment, under the lead of Colonel French, maintained its position for an hour within pistol-shot of the parapet, and entered the fort with the Sixteenth Indiana, under Lieutenant Colonel John M. Orr, and the Eighty-third Ohio, under Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin. These commanders are highly spoken of by their superiors in command.

The garrison flag was captured by Captain J. J. Ennis, aide-de-camp on the staff of Brigadier General A. J. Smith. In all, seven colors were captured by my corps, together with a large number of prisoners and a vast supply of munitions of war. Immediately after the surrender the fort was placed under my command on the field by Major-General McClernand, and I assigned it to the custody of Brigadier General A. J. Smith, who awarded it to Brigadier-General Burbridge.

I strongly recommend that Cols. John F. De Courcy and Lindsey be promoted. They are able and efficient brigade commanders and deserve the grade of brigadier.

I cannot speak too highly of the services of Brigadier Gens. A. J. Smith and Osterhaus, who handled their respective commands with skill and gallantry.

To Captain Patterson, engineer, I am under renewed obligations for his valuable services. To him was intrusted the destructions of the enemy's magazine, casemates, and the 9-inch gun, which he cut off. Captain M. C. Garber, assistant quartermaster, was also efficient in the discharge of his duties.

On the 11th Captain Lyon, acting topographical engineer; Lieutenant Montgomery,acting aide-de-camp,a nd Lieutenant Burdick, acting ordnance officer, always faithful in the discharge of duty, were too ill to be on the field.

To Lieutenant Sanders, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants English and Hutchins, acting aides-de-camp; Lieutenants Fisher and Edge, signal officers, and Captain Ballinger, commanding cavalry escort, I return my hearty thanks and acknowledgments.

Before closing my report I feel it to be my duty to call the attention of the commanding general to the superior quality of the enemy's small arm ammunition over that used by our troops. It is superior both in quality and in the quantity of the powder used to the cartridge. Such is the general opinion of our officers; and I strongly recommend that greater attention be paid to the manufacture of cartridges, and that the charge be increased one-third.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE W. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel A. SCHWARTZ,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Major General John A. McClernand.

