
Aggregate of killed, wounded, and missing in the First Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi, in the battle of Post Arkansas, January 11, 1863.

 Killed.	 Wounded	 Missing	 Total.

First Division, Brigadier

General A. J. Smith:

First Brigade	 38	 301	 6	 345

Second Brigade	 9	 76	 -	 85

Total loss in First	 -	 -	 -	 430

Division

Second Division, Brigadier

General P. J. Osterhaus:

First Brigade	 3	 *14	 11	 28

Total loss in Second	 -	 -	 -	 28

Division

Total loss in First Army	 -	 -	 -	 #458

Corps

Numbers 5.

Report of Brigadier General Andrew J. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,On steamer Des Are, January 16, 1863.

I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my division in the actions of the 10th and 11th instant:

There had been assigned to my command the First Brigade, Brigadier General S. G. Burbridge commanding, composed of the following regiments: Sixtieth, Sixteenth, and Sixty-seventh Indiana Volunteer Infantry; the Eighty-third and Ninety-sixth Ohio, and the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers. The Second Brigade, Colonel W. J. Landram, Nineteenth Kentucky, commanding composed of the Nineteenth Kentucky Volunteers, the Forty-eighth Ohio, and the Seventy-seventh, Ninety-seventh, One hundred and eighth, and One hundred and thirty-first Illinois Volunteers; also the Seventeenth Ohio Battery, Captain A. A. Blount; the Chicago Mercantile Battery, Captain C. G. Cooley, and Company C, Fourth Indiana Cavalry. There was also temporarily attached to my division a squadron of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Clark Wright commanding.

In obedience to orders the division disembarked on the left bank of the river on the 10th instant at 1 p.m., and proceeded up the river, following in the rear of Major-General Sherman's command, until we reached the Notrib farm where we met the First Division of that corps returning, having found the route they had taken impracticable.

My division then moved on up the river until we passed the first line of rifle-pits, and then diverging to the right soon came upon the rear of General Stuart's division, the advance of which we found posted on the left of the road, having strong pickets well advanced and in sight of the enemy's fort.

After some delay the Sixtieth Indiana, the leading regiment of the First Brigade, was ordered forward to the right of the line to be established, and the remaining regiments coming up were ordered into line of battle to the left and front, to relieve those of General Stuart's divis-

---------------

*Three since died.

#But see revised statement, p. 717

---------------

