
nobly leading their men forward: Colonel F. Emerson, Sixty-seventh Indiana, in left thigh; Lieutenant Colonel John M. Orr, Sixteenth Indiana, in hand; Lieutenant-Colonel Templeton, Sixtieth Indiana, in right shoulder; Lieutenant-Colonel Parker, Forty-eighth Ohio, in left arm, who after having his wound dressed joined his regiment and led it gloriously into the fort.

The total number of killed, wounded, and missing, in my division is as follows: Killed, 47; wounded, 381; missing, 6. Total, 434.*

Each regiment of my division that participated in the action of the 11th instant performed its duty to my entire satisfaction, and I feel proud in making this announcement to my general commanding, as they were each and all under my own supervision. To my brigade commanders, Brigadier-General Burbridge and Colonel W. J. Landram, I accord great praise. To the colonels or commanding officers of my regiments, as well as to the field and staff belonging thereto, I accord that praise due brave and gallant leaders.

The batteries (Seventeenth Ohio and Chicago Mercantile), commanded respectively by Capts. A. A. Blount and C. G. Cooley, I thank most heartily for the active part taken by each in the action. The cavalry attached to the division was left in the rear to apprehend and take charge of all stragglers.

Colonel Wright and Major B. Montgomery, of the Sixth Missouri Cavalry, volunteered their services for the day and were active and energetic in conveying orders to different parts of the field. I thank them kindly for their services.

To my personal staff, Lieutenant J. Hough, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. Gaddis, acting commissary of subsistence, and Lieutenant J. J. Ennis, aide-de-camp, I am under many obligations for the energy and activity displayed through the day in placing regiments and conveying orders to different parts of the field. Lieutenant Ennis captured three flags that are now in my possession.

Dr. McGrew, medical director of this division, was busily engaged in providing for the comforts of the wounded and superintending the operations that were necessary to be performed. Major Hammond, assistant adjutant-general to General Sherman, was near me during the latter part of the day and rendered important services.

The flags taken were from the following parties: Garrison flag, taken at headquarters in the fort; McCulloch Avengers, taken on right breastworks; and Tenth Texas, A. Nelson's regiment, taken at hospital.

A. J. SMITH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. D. SAUNDERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 6.

Report of Captain Charles G. Cooley, Chicago Mercantile Battery.
HDQRS. CHICAGO MERCANTILE BATTERY,Steamer Warsaw, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 13, 1863.

I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my battery in the engagement at Arkansas Post on Sunday, the 11th instant:

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

