
of the fort firing on the gunboats, their shells frequently bursting in our lines and doing some execution. During the night the Sixtieth Indiana captured one company (60 men) of the enemy and sent it to the rear.

At daylight on the 11th instant I moved my command to the right, directly in front of the fort and in rear of an open field, across which I was ordered to make the assault at the proper time. I formed my command in two lines, with the Sixtieth Indiana, Colonel Owen, on the right; the Sixteenth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Orr, center, and the Eighty-third Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Baldwin, on the left with instructions to feel well their way to the edge of the open field referred to (across which to the fort was about 400 yards) which they did in gallant style. I placed three pieces of Captain Blount's (Seventeenth Ohio) battery on my left, having some earthworks thrown up there for its protection and ordered the Ninety-sixth Ohio to support it.

About 12 m. at a preconcerted signal the gunboats and the batteries along the line opened and kept up a simultaneous and incessant fire, which drew upon us the enemy's fire. It having been agreed that the signal for the assault should be musketry and cheering from Major-General Sherman's corps, on our right, I awaited it. The numerical strength of my brigade was 2,400 men.

About 1 p.m. Colonel Parsopns, aide to General McClernand, came with the information that the enemy were moving, in column closed in mass, up the river, and it was the impression that they were retreating, and that I should be ready for storming the works. Hearing the cheering and musketry on my right I ordered my front line to advance, which was done under a most murderous fire of musketry, shell, round shot,and grape and canister. Observing that my line was somewhat wavering under such a destructive fire, especially my right and left-the right having received an exceedingly heavy fire from one of our own regiments on my right-I marched up my other three regiments to their relief. The three front regiments refused to be relieved, and supported by the three relieving regiments the whole went forward with great resolution and most unflinchingly, driving the enemy from the houses in front of their works and maintaining that position themselves.

Finding there was an open space on my right, between my troops and those of General Sherman, I had it occupied by the Twenty-third Wisconsin, which most nobly held its position. On my left I extended the length of my line by throwing into that position the Sixty-seventh Indiana, under Colonel Emerson, who was wounded while gallantly leading and urging on his men.

The colonel (Lucas) of the Sixteenth Indiana being on the steamer J. C. Snow, too sick to go out, his regiment was commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John M. Orr, who was severely wounded in the head by a piece of shell while gallantly leading on his men, when they were within 30 yards of the outer works. After Lieutenant-Colonel Orr was wounded Colonel Lucas came out, and was in command of the regiment when the fort surrendered. Major Redfield deserves great credit for his skill and bravery displayed during the whole time, and particularly while in command a short time before Colonel Lucas arrived. Lieutenant-Colonel Templeton, Sixtieth Indiana, was also wounded while in the heroic discharge of his duty.

Finding we were pressed hard on our right, I sent to Colonel Landram, commanding Second Brigade, First Division, asking for re-en-

