
I can say no more. It is sufficient that it was a hard-fought battle and a complete success. All I have to regret is the loss of the brave dead and wounded who fell gallantly fighting for our glorious old Union.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant J. HOUGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 9.

Report of Colonel Thomas J. Lucas, Sixteenth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH INDIANA REGIMENT,Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit my report of the battle of Post Arkansas, which took place Saturday and Sunday, the 10th and 11th instant, in which my regiment participated:

Troops disembarked on Saturday, January 10, about 12 m., with two days' rations, one blanket, and 60 rounds of ammunition each; marched about 2 miles to a large open field at about 1,000 yards from the outer line of works; were drawn up in line of battle, arms stacked and men resting until near sundown, when the command was called to attention and marched by the road on the bank of the river to within 1,000 yards of the fort in quick time; was under fire of round shot and shell during the early part of the night, having 1 man killed and 4 wounded.

The next morning after daylight advanced to within 600 yards of the fort, when the command was again formed in line of battle, where we remained until 1.15 p.m, the enemy still throwing round shot and shell in our ranks, when we were ordered to charge the enemy's works. The men received instructions to fix bayonets, advance on the double-quick, and cheer as they advanced. The command advanced gallantly, cheering as they went through a thick undergrowth for about 100 yards to a large open field. Across this they advanced to within 150 yards of the enemy's works, all the time under a tremendous fire of musketry, shell, round shot, and grape and canister. When within 150 yards of the fort the men were ordered to lie down, it being impossible to advance farther under such a fire without destruction to the command. Here the regiment remained for a large portion of four hours, lying down most of the time, but advancing during that time about 75 yards, when, at about 5 p.m., the enemy surrendered.

At no time during the engagement did the flag of the command go back. The regiment claims the honor of being first in the enemy's works, and raised the first national flag over them. The loss of the regiment was 7 enlisted men killed, 7 commissioned officers wounded, and 57 enlisted men wounded.

After the engagement and surrender the command fell back to the position occupied in the morning.

I am compelled to speak in the highest terms of Lieutenant Colonel John M. Orr, who was in command of the regiment at the time the charge was made. He fell badly wounded when within 150 yards of the fort. He

