
deserves great praise for his coolness and bravery. Also of Major Redfield, who fought gallantly and never faltered.

All of my officers deserve great credit for their coolness and bravery, with but a single exception, which I am compelled to report. His name is Rodman L. Davis, first lieutenant of Company C, who was in command of the company-in fact was the only commissioned officer with the company. He deserted his company in face of the enemy, leaving it in charge of an orderly sergeant. I wish you would take his case under consideration. He deserves to be branded as a coward.

Inclosed you will find a full list, with names of the killed, wounded, and missing belonging to my command.*

Very respectfully submitted.

I remain, sir, your obedient servant,

T. J. LUCAS,

Colonel, Commanding Sixteenth Indiana Regiment.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 10.

Report of Colonel Richard Owen, Sixtieth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTIETH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, January 12, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with the order of General Burbridge to report the details regarding my regiment, the Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers, at the taking of Post Arkansas, I have the honor to submit the following:

The Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers being detailed to skirmish in the woods around the fort, on the evening of January 10 the first platoon of each company was thrown out from a quarter of a mile to 600 yards in advance and so remained until morning. Company A succeeded in capturing 55 prisoners and Company F, 5; all of whom were sent by a colonel of cavalry on General Morgan's staff to headquarters. Company C also captured a wagon and two mules. The remainder of the regiment slept on their arms without fire until early in the morning, when a few small fires were permitted for the purpose of allowing the men to boil a cup of coffee.

On the morning of the 11th we followed General Burbridge and staff until we arrived in front of the north battery of the fort, passing through another brigade to attain this point, which was about one-half mile from the fort. Here we remained from 9 a.m. until about noon in line of battle, several shells passing directly over us and some exploding within a few feet.

About noon we received the general's order to prepare for the charge which we were to make whenever we heard shouting on our right. We commenced the charge with about 350 men (many having been too much reduced by sickness to bear the fatigue, besides 110 excused by the surgeon), advancing at first at common time through the woods, and afterward in quick and double-quick, with shouts, for about 300 yards through the open field, in which, the ground being swampy, we sank

