
over ankle-deep. This advance was made under the direct fire of six pieces of artillery and the cross-fire of two lines of sharpshooters, besides others concealed behind the old buildings. We, however, dislodged those and held the frame house, stable, and sink house, commencing and continuing to fire by file, until finding that the whole murderous fire was concentrated upon that sport and that we were losing many men I though it proper to endeavor to reform them a short distance in the rear. This I found impracticable to effect, under the heavy direct and cross fire, until we again reached the woods, where we rallied, under the general's directions, to the number of about 200, being compelled to leave the lieutenant-colonel wounded and the major quite exhausted (from a long previous sickness and from inhaling volumes of smoke while coolly giving commands to the left wing at the stable) and the adjutant temporarily stunned, but not seriously injured, by the explosion of a shell, which killed a man close by him.

The second charge was made by obliquing to the right along the skirt of woods to afford some protection from the artillery fire, and we could have maintained our position, but, having advanced so far as to be mistaken for the enemy, we were fired into by a Union regiment posted several hundred yards off on our right. This compelled us again to fall back to the point at which the general and yourself found us, when we made our third charge, with 111 men, and maintained our position in the front, abreast of the frame house above mentioned, until the white flag was hoisted, when we followed General Burbridge and yourself as rapidly as or exhausted condition would permit, and were the second regiment, if not the first, to plant the national colors on the fortifications, Lieutenant Ewing mounting the ridge of the south building for that purpose.

The lieutenant-colonel and major most efficiently and faithfully performed their duties until incapacitated, and the company officers, with one or two exceptions, deserve great credit for urging the men to the charge.

Ten commissioned officers had been left at the boat sick, and in the first charge all the officers of Company B were disabled, and a sergeant led the second charge. The only commissioned officer in Company E was wounded near me before we advanced in the first charge half-way across the open field, and in the other charges a corporal commanded the company.

The most of the men, notwithstanding their exhausted condition, bore themselves bravely, and despite their falling back performed their duty in the end most faithfully; some never left the vicinity of the frame house from first to last.

It is hoped the subjoined list of killed and wounded*, which it will be seen is very equally distributed through the companies of the battalion, will bear me out in the above assertion and justify the general in according the regiment in his official report the same credit he was kind enough to award verbally in person.

Permit me to subscribe myself, very respectfully and truly, yours,

RICHARD OWEN,

Colonel Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain KEIGWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

