
Numbers 11.

Report of Colonel Frank Emerson, Sixty-seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,January 12, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to your orders just received I proceed to state the part taken by this regiment in the engagement of the 10th and 11th instant and marched in its position in the brigade until it was halted with the remainder of the brigade a short distance from the front lines of the enemy's works. At sunset of said day in obedience to orders the second fortifications and through the swamp in rear of the inner works, with orders to form on the left of the Sixtieth Indiana Volunteers. Before the regiment was in position, by your command given in person, the regiment marched to the left and took position in front of the Eighty-third Ohio Volunteers, where I threw out pickets, and the men remained sleeping on their arms until 8 a.m. of the 11th instant, when the regiment moved to the right, on the left of the Eighty-third Ohio Volunteers, and took position in its proper place in the brigade.

At 12 m. of the 11th instant, as ordered, the regiment took position on the left of the Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteers and in the rear of the Sixteenth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, in the open field, and advanced in line of battle with bayonets fixed, where it was halted at supporting distance. In obedience of orders this regiment and two other regiments on the right and left made two unsuccessful attempts to carry the enemy's works. Owing to the severity of the enemy's fire they were now compelled to seek protection by falling upon the ground. In the second attempt to rally the regiment I received a wound from a musket-ball passing through the left thigh about 4 inches above the knee, slightly bruising the bone. The other casualties in the regiment were 36 killed and wounded. The officers and men behaved well under a most galling fire of the enemy. I was not present during the last hour of the engagement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK EMERSON,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Brigadier General S. G. BURBRIDGE,

Commanding 1st Brigadier, 1st Div., 1st Army Corps, Army of the Miss.

Numbers 12.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Baldwin, Eighty-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-THIRD Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Bivouac near Fort Hindman, Ark., January 13, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement of the 10th and 11th instant:

After disembarking from the transport at 1 p.m. of the 10th my regiment formed in its proper place in the brigade, and moved with it some

