
seventh Illinois, a portion of which passed through our line taking a position a short distance in front of us, when Major L'Hommedieu proposed to take the colors to the front. Corporal Fisher, acting as color-sergeant, claimed the right to take the colors wherever they ought to go. The major then led the color guard to the front, and the regiment advanced and formed upon them. The Seventy-seventh Illinois then closed up to our line, and we fought together till the close of the battle.

Many of my men had exhausted their supply of ammunition (60 rounds each) long before the close of the action, and supplied themselves, as far as possible, from the cartridge-boxes of their killed and wounded comrades and those whose guns had been rendered unserviceable. At the time of the surrender there were but few cartridges remaining in the regiment.

Our loss is: Killed, 8; wounded, 80, and missing, 1. A full list thereof is inclosed herewith.*

Among the wounded is Lieutenant Weaver, who was in command of Company G, and was dangerously wounded while bravely advancing with his company, and Lieutenant Windeler, in command of Company C, shot through the arm while standing up to fire a rifle, who after he was wounded walked about among the men cheering them on. Corporal Fisher, color-bearer, was wounded in the hand, but continued to carry the flag until he had planted it, rifled with bullets, upon the fort. Total casualties, 89 out of 420 men in action.

I desire to acknowledge particularly the coolness and gallantry of Major L'Hommedieu, and his assistance and example in keeping the men steady under a most galling fire, to which they were for the first time exposed.

The conduct of officers and men was such as to merit my sincere commendation, and, I hope, was equal to the expectations of higher officers.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. BALDWIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighty-third Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain A. N. KEIGWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13.

Report of Colonel Joseph W. Vance, Ninety-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SIXTH Regiment OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,In the Field, before Fort Hindman, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that the Ninety-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry went into the action of the 11th instant 244 strong, the regiment having been thus reduced by sickness and detail. Company B (Captain Leonard) and a part of Company G (Captain Kimball) were detailed to serve with the Seventeenth Ohio Battery. We took our position, as per orders, on the left of the brigade and in the rear of the Seventeenth Ohio Battery. While lying in that position the regiment suffered much from the enemy's shells. When ordered to go forward the regiment moved eagerly and unflinchingly into the open field, and at the time of the surrender were in the advance and within about 250

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

47 R R-VOL XVII

