
feet of the fort. Although the first battle in which the regiment has been engaged, the men and officers behaved with the coolness and firmness of veterans.

The casualties were 10 killed and 25 wounded.

J. W. VANCE,

Colonel Commanding.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE.

Numbers 14.

Report of Colonel Joshua J. Guppy, Twenty-third Wisconsin Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD Regiment WISCONSIN VOL. INFANTRY,Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the battle of the 11th instant, which resulted in the capture of Fort Hindman and the rebel troops stationed in and near it:

The regiment was placed in reserve on the right of your brigade, but soon after the commencement of the battle it was ordered by you to take the advance, which it did. The enemy opened heavily upon it from the fort and rifle-pits as soon as our movement was visible to him, and as our first line was on ground that furnished but little cover I changed our front somewhat, and thereby obtained a better position for our intended advance. I then detached Company B, under First Lieutenant Duncan; Company G, under Second Lieutenant Dunham, and Company K, under First Lieutenant Fletcher, to take and hold several buildings in front of our left.

At this time the Sixtieth Indiana, Colonel Owen, formed on our left, and the whole line, using all the cover furnished by the ground and maintaining a heavy fire, advanced slowly but steadily toward the works of the enemy, and step by step drove back his men toward their fortifications. The companies detached for that purpose, aided by a portion of the Sixtieth Indiana, took the buildings on our left, advanced beyond of the Sixtieth Indiana, took the buildings on our left, advanced beyond them, and kept p a steady fire on the enemy. Our line continued to move forward till the rebel troops in our front were driven inside their works. After this was done our fire was principally directed to the men serving the enemy's guns on the walls of his fortification, and was continued with vigor and effect till the Nineteenth Kentucky relieved us in order that we might obtain more ammunition.

You afterward put us in position to take part in storming the fort, but the white flag was raised on it before we moved forward.

During a large portion of the time the regiment was under fire you were so situated that you could observe its bearing, and it is therefore unnecessary for me to say anything about it. All of the officers who were present during the entire engagement behaved with marked gallantry and good judgment, and if I named one I should name all.

Casualties: Killed, 4; wounded, 33. Total, 37.*

The regiment took into action 21 commissioned officers and 492 men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. J. GUPPEY,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-third Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

Brigadier-General BURBRIDGE,

Commanding First Brigade, First Division.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

