
Numbers 15.

Report of Colonel William J. Landram, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, near Post Arkansas, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the request of the division commander I respectfully submit the following report as to the operations of the Second Brigade in the engagement at Post Arkansas on the 11th instant:

The brigade, consisting of the Nineteenth Kentucky, Forty-eighth Ohio, Seventy-seventh, One hundred and eighth, and One hundred and thirty-first Illinois Volunteers, disembarked on the morning of the 10th instant, the men resting upon their arms in line until noon of the 11th instant, the right occupying a small open space about three-quarters of a mile from the river, the left resting near the road running parallel with the Arkansas River.

The One hundred and thirty-first Illinois Volunteers (Colonel G. W. Neeley), Lieutenant Colonel R. A. Peter in command (the colonel being confined to the boat by illness), was detailed to repair the road to our rear at the instance of the commandant of the division, which prevented the regiment from participating in the engagement. The officers and men, though anxious to act with the brigade, nevertheless obeyed the order promptly and deserve praise for the manner in which they executed their work.

The Nineteenth Kentucky and the Ninety-seventh Illinois having been posted upon the left of the First Brigade, and the Seventy-seventh and One hundred and eighth Illinois forming a line in rear of the first line, and the Forty-eighth Ohio constituting a second reserve, it was ascertained that the First Brigade would, after moving a short distance to the front, occupy nearly the whole ground between the river and the troops on our right. In obedience to the orders of the general commanding the division I deployed the brigade on the Nineteenth Kentucky, in the rear of the First Brigade, so as to constitute a reserve for General Burbridge, who was ordered to advance.

In line the regiments stood thus: First and right, Forty-eighth Ohio, Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Parker, commanding. Second, Seventy-seventh Illinois, Colonel D. P. Grier; One hundred and eighth Illinois, Colonel John Warner; Nineteenth Kentucky, Lieutenant Colonel John Cowan commanding. Fifth and left, Ninety-seventh Illinois, Colonel F. S. Rutherford.

I was then directed to conform my movements to those of General Burbridge, so as to support him if necessary, in an assault upon the enemy's works at Post Arkansas, with orders "not to suffer a repulse." Our troops were put in motion about 1.30 o'clock under a galling fire of infantry and artillery from the fort and rifle-pits.

About 2.30 o'clock I was informed that a portion of the First Brigade needed an immediate support, and ordered the Nineteenth Kentucky and Ninety-seventh Illinois to bear to the right and furnish such support as General Burbridge might require, which order was promptly obeyed.

At a later hour it became manifest that it was necessary to put the whole brigade into action, and accordingly I ordered my command to

