
the fight had occurred. The Tenth Iowa and the Eightieth Ohio held our left, on the road running north, at 8 p. m. During the early part of the night the enemy made great noise, as if chopping and constructing batteries. There was much moving of troops and command of halting and aligning were hard, as if massing in our front.

Profoundly disappointed at hearing nothing from the forces on the Burnsville road, and not knowing what to except, it became my duty to make dispositions for the battle next morning as if we were alone. To this end Stanley's batteries were brought into position in the field south of the hospital on advantageous ground, and a line was selected for the infantry in case the enemy should attack us in heavy force, while Hamilton's division, having borne the burnt of the battle, was ordered to ther ear, in the next field below, with the intention of moving it thence across the field to the east, through the strip of woods, to attack the enemy's left. The enemy's trains were heard from at midnight, moving in a southeasterly direction, and it became evident that he was providing for their safety.

Day dawned. No firing on the front. Our skirmishers, advancing cautiously, found the enemy had retired from his position. Skirmishers were immediately pushed forward and Stanley's column ordered to advance upon Iuka. When within sight of the town, discovering a few rebels, he ordered some shells to be thrown. They were a few stragglers from the enemy's rear guard, his entire column having gone by the Fulton road.

Taking possession of the town and the stores left there General Stanley's column pushed on in pursuit. The cavalry advanced by the intermediate road between the Fulton and Jacinto roads. Hamilton's division faced about and marched by Barnett's, following the enemy until night, when finding themselves greatly distanced the pursuit was discontinued, and our troops returned the next day to jacinto, while the rebel column contained its flight, by Bay Springs and marietta, to its old position on the Mobile and Ohio Railroad. The enemy left his dead on the field, part of them gathered for interment, and his badly wounded in the hospital at Iuka.

His loss was: Killed, 265; died in hospital of wounds, 120; left in hospital, 342; estimated number of wounded removed, 350; prisoners, 361. Total, 1,438. Among his killed, 6; commissioned officers wounded, 39; commissioned officers missing, 1. Total, 46. Enlisted men killed, 138; enlisted men wounded, 559; enlisted men missing, 39. Total, 736. Total officers and men, 782.* Some of the missing have since returned.

Among the ordnance stores captured were 1,629 stand of arms and a large number of equipments, a quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores, and 13,000 rounds of ammunition.

Having thus given a detailed narrative of the battle, with sub-reports, appended statements, and map,+ I conclude with the following brief recapitulation:

We moved from Jacinto at 5 a. m. with 9,000 men on Price's forces, at Iuka. After a march of 18 miles attacked them at 4.30 p. m., and fought them on unknown and disadvantageous ground, with less than half our forces in action, until night put a stop tot he contest. Having lost about 265 killed, 700 or 800 wounded, 361 prisoners, over 1,600 stand

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

+To appear in Atlas.

---------------

