
advance directly upon the enemy's works, which was done by every regiment with a cheer and at double-quick. The firing was heavy and continuous as the enemy's sharpshooters were driven from the front into the rifle-pits near the fort, from which his artillery was playing upon our lines.

The engagement lasted near two hours at this point, all the men having advanced to within 200 yards of their lines. After a gallant defense of four hours the enemy hoisted the white flag from their works in our front as a signal for a surrender; upon seeing which I ordered my men to cease firing, and the whole brigade entered the fort with the banners of our country floating in triumph.

It is gratifying to be able to bear testimony to the uniform good conduct of all the officers and men. They advanced steadily, behaved with great coolness after getting under fire, and fired with good effect. I am satisfied that no regiment of the brigade lost any ground at any period of the engagement.

Of the Nineteenth Kentucky I take pleasure in saying that the fire of the regiment was so remarkably well aimed as to keep the enemy in their front almost constantly below the tops of the rifle-pits, preventing them from firing their small-arms with any accuracy or working their artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Cowan, commanding the regiment, behaved with great coolness and courage, and led his men in such a manner as to reflect honor upon himself and the State he represents.

The Forty-eighth Ohio fully maintained the distinguished reputation in won at Shiloh. Lieutenant-Colonel Parker, while gallantly leading his men, was wounded in the arm, but after stopping and having his wound dressed he returned to his regiment and remained with it to the close of the fight. Captain S. G. W. Peterson, of Company K, took charge of the regiment temporarily and acted with great bravery as well as skill in the management of the men.

The conduct of the One hundred and eighth Illinois was without exception highly commendable, and Colonel Warner and all the officers and men exhibited at all times an unwavering determination to do their duty. They obeyed every order promptly and went to the front with animation and true courage.

Colonel Grier led the Seventy-seventh Illinois in the most gallant style. The cool and determined bravery of this fine regiment deserves the highest commendation, and I can truly say that the officers and men proved themselves worthy of the renown of the chivalrous State of Illinois.

The Ninety-seventh Illinois, under Colonel Rutherford, was prompt in the discharge of duty and fought with determination and courage. It is with pride that I can speak of the conduct of his as well as all the regiments of my command.

To Lieutenant Cyrus Hussey, of the Forty-eighth Ohio, aide-de-camp, and Charles C. Tracy, of the Seventy-seventh Illinois, temporarily acting assistant adjutant-general, I am indebted for the most valuable assistance in conveying orders to all parts of the field, constantly exposed to the fire of the enemy. Surg. James B. Sparks was attentive to the wounded and Quartermaster G. H. McKinney was prompt in the discharge of his duties.

It is proper to remark that as the forces of the First and Second Brigades were necessarily compelled to act in concert I had frequent consultations with General Burbridge, whose gallantry was conspicuous at all times during the engagement.

A section of the Chicago Mercantile Battery, Captain Cooley com-

