
manding, acted with the brigade and was conspicuous for the rapidity as well as the execution of its fire.

The loss of the brigade was comparatively small, the killed and wounded reaching only 85. A list of the casualties accompanies this report.*

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant J. HOUGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Numbers 16.

Report of Colonel David P. Grier, Seventy-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-SEVENTH Regiment ILL. VOL. INFANTRY,Fort Hindman, Post Arkansas, Ark., January 12, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to orders received from you I herewith transmit a statement of the part taken by my command in the action yesterday before this fort:

Agreeably to your orders I formed my regiment 300 yards in rear of the left of General Burbridge's brigade for the purpose of support and if necessary to bring it into the general engagement. After the main advance was made by General Burbridge I advanced my regiment within 100 yards of his left in order the more easily to support him. I had been in this position but a short time when the firing became so fierce that I thought best to advance and engage the enemy. I immediately advanced my line up to the Eighty-third Ohio, and passing one wing of that regiment was soon hotly engaged. We slowly advanced upon the enemy's works until within a very short distance of their fortifications and were received with a galling fire. We were thus engaged when the token of surrender was hoisted, and I immediately ordered the firing to cease and marched into the camps on double-quick.

All the officers and men under my command without exception behaved nobly. Not a man left his post until carried to the rear wounded. A great many deserve special mention for their bravery, but to specify all who are thus deserving would be impossible in this brief report. Captain Robert Irwin, of Company B, received two very severe wounds while bravely leading his company forward and I sincerely hope that so brave and gallant an officer may recover and thereby be restored to his command.

We suffered quite severely,having 6 killed on the field and 39 wounded, some of them very badly.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. P. GRIER,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel W. J. LANDRAM,

Commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Thirteenth Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

