
Numbers 18.

Report of. Colonel John Warner, One hundred and eighth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. 108TH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,In the Field, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: It becomes my duty to report to you the conduct of my command in the engagement yesterday:

Before the general engagement took place I was ordered to hold my regiment in readiness to support the Ninety-seventh Illinois, then in my front, which was promptly done, and I remained, awaiting orders to advance, when orders came to me to immediately take position on the right of the Nineteenth Kentucky, to support the First Brigade, then engaging the enemy. I succeeded in gaining my position in a short time, in doing which my regiment was exposed to a severe fire of shell from the enemy. From that position my regiment advanced in line of battle through the open field under the fire of the enemy's musketry, and took position close in the rear of the First Brigade, where it remained, awaiting orders to advance, when the enemy surrendered and mine, with other commands, made its way quickly within the enemy's works.

I am highly gratified to be able to report to you the exceeding good conduct of my men during the entire engagement-ready to obey every order and eager for the command to advance. I am also much pleased to add, and it is due to my officers, both field and line, to say that their conduct was, without exception, highly commendable, cool, determined, and unwavering, and all of them sustained their position with great credit to themselves. For the casualties of my command you are referred to my previous report, of this date.*

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

JOHN WARNER,

Colonel, Commanding One hundred and eighth Illinois Vols.

W. J. LANDRAM,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, First Division,

First Army Corps, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 19.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John Cowan, Nineteenth Kentucky Infantry.

The Nineteenth Kentucky Regiment was ordered up to relieve the Twenty-third Wisconsin, the right of General Burbridge's brigade, and taking the position occupied by the latter, 250 to 300 yards in front of the enemy's rifle-pits and a few pieces of artillery posted just in rear of the rifle-pits, kept up for about one to one and a half hours a remarkably well-aimed fire upon the tops of the enemy's works-so much so as to keep them almost constantly below them, preventing their firing their small-arms with any accuracy or working their artillery. They were consequently but little exposed to the enemy's fire, except while shifting our position under orders. Their casualties were 9 wounded, several seriously, but not supposed to be fatally so. The regiment re-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 716.

---------------

