
mained in this position till the engagement ceased. There are no special instances entitling any to special notice more than others, all acting with commendable coolness and courage.

JNO. COWAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Nineteenth Kentucky.

Colonel LANDRAM.

Numbers 20.

Report of Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, THIRTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Arkansas Post, Ark., January 14, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part which my command took in the attack and storming of the fortifications at this place:

The Second Division consists of the following troops: The First Brigade, Colonel Sheldon commanding-Sixty-ninth Indiana Infantry, One hundred and eighteenth Illinois Infantry, and One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry. The Second Brigade, Colonel Lindsey commanding-Third Kentucky Infantry, Forty-ninth Indiana Infantry, and One hundred and fourteenth Ohio Infantry. The Third Brigade, Colonel De Courcy commanding-Sixteenth Ohio Infantry, Twenty-second Kentucky Infantry, Forty-second Ohio Infantry, and Fifty-fourth Indiana Infantry. Artillery: The First Wisconsin Battery, Captain Foster, four 20-pounder Parrotts; Seventh Michigan Battery, Captain Lanphere, one 30-pounder Parrott and two 10-pounder Rodman guns.

On January 8, when opposite the mouth of White River, the plan of attack was issued from Major-General McClernand's headquarters, according to which the whole army was to proceed right in front. This formation brought my division in the rear of the whole column.

At noon, January 9, the signal was given for our army corps to cast loose, and led by the flag-boat of the Thirteenth Army Corps, Empress, we steamed up White River and through the so-called "cut-off" into the Arkansas River.

At about 6 p.m. we arrived at Fletcher's Landing, a plantation situated on a large bend ont he southern bank of the Arkansas and 7 miles below the fort. According to the programme mentioned above this point was selected to land a force, for the purpose of throwing them across the bend to a point above the fort, where the river could be thoroughly commanded and all the re-enforcements for the enemy held at a distance. The Second Brigade, Colonel Lindsey commanding, was selected for this most important duty. He landed his troops at once, together with one section of Captain Cooley's Chicago Mercantile Battery and Captain Kirkbridge's company of Third Illinois Cavalry, who were assigned to the command for the purpose of his detour.

Information received from a colored man at this plantation gave us intelligence that a road led from that place to the plantation of a Mrs. Smith, offering all that the expedition desired. Smith's farm was said to be 3 miles from Fletcher's place and 2 miles above the fort. From the same source we learned that rebel cavalry was almost daily seen in the neighborhood and on their place.

My instructions to Colonel Lindsey under these circumstances were to form his command very early in the morning and proceed with all

