
For the very successful part taken by Colonel Lindsey and the detachments of artillery, in reducing the fort and enfilading the enemy's rifle-pits from their position on the other side of the river. I refer to their respective reports which I inclose.

Toward 4 o'clock the fire from the fort ceased completely, and the white flag took the place of the symbol of rebellion. With deafening cheers the brave column ran upon their prey. The One hundred and twentieth Ohio and One hundred and eighteenth Illinois were among the first regiments which were in the fort. If not the first they were the nearest on hand.

I refer you to the report of Colonel Sheldon, commanding the First Brigade, which I inclose, as well as the reports of the different commanders of batteries engaged.

The victory was complete; the casualties are very light in my command, as you will see by the inclosed nominal return.*

In closing my report I must again mention the excellent services of Lieutenant Webster, of Foster's Wisconsin Battery, and those of Captain Cooley's Chicago Mercantile Battery. Notwithstanding the latter were for the first time under fire, I must commend them for their courage; they fought like veterans. Also to the commanding officers of the One hundred and eighteenth Illinois and One hundred and twentieth Ohio Infantry I feel under many obligations for the bravery and promptness with which they carried out my orders.

The only remark I have to make is that a great deal of the small-arms ammunition is deficient, the powder charge being too weak, and I beg leave to draw the attention of my superior officers to this very important fact.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteer, Commanding.

Second Division, Thirteenth Army Corps.

Captain E. D. SAUNDERS,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Thirteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 21.

Report of Captain Jacob T. Foster, First Wisconsin Battery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST WISCONSIN BATTERY,Steamer Empress, January 12, 1863.

DEAR SIR: Following please find a brief narrative of the movements of my battery before Arkansas Post:

We disembarked from the Epress on the morning of the 10th instant and awaited, patiently, orders. In the afternoon we received orders from General Osterhaus to move forward up the left bank of the Arkansas River. We moved up the river about 3 miles, when I was ordered to send one section to Colonel Lindsey, commanding the Second Brigade of General Osterhaus' division. The left section of my battery was sent, under command of Lieutenant Hackett. The last order was received verbally at 5 p.m. Narrative of their movements will follow in order.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 717.

---------------

