
of arms, and a quantity of quartermaster and commissary stores, the rebels retreated precipitately during the night toward Bay Springs. Our troops pursued them for 15 miles, and finding themselves distanced, gave up the pursuit and returned to Jacinto.

After the detail of our operations it is with pride and pleasure I bear testimony to the cheerfulness and alacrity of both officers and men during the march and their courage and energy in action. With insignificant exceptions it was all that could be asked.

Among the infantry regiments deserving special mention are Fifth Iowa, which, under its brave colonel (Matthies) withstood the storm of triple fire and triple numbers; the Twenty-sixth Missouri, which nobly sustained the Fifth Iowa; the Eleventh Missouri, which, under the gallant Mower, met and discomfited two rebel brigades, and having exhausted every cartridge, held its ground until darkness and the withdrawal of the rebels enabled him to replenish; the Sixteenth Iowa, the Fourth Minnesota, the Forty-eighth Indiana, and Tenth Iowa, who shared in the combat, and the Forty-eight Indiana, Tenth Iowa, the Fourth Minnesota, the Forty-eighth Indiana, and Tenth Iowa, who shared in the combat, and the Forty-seventh Illinois, the Thirty-ninth Ohio, and other, who fought int he front or supported the rest. Sands' Eleventh Ohio Battery, under the command of Lieutenant Sears, behaved nobly. The fearful losses sustained by this battery (16 killed and 44 wounded*) show their unyielding obstinacy in serving the battery. The cavalry (third Michigan and Second Iowa) covered our flanks, reconnoitered our front, whipped the vastly superior numbers of Armstrong's cavalry under the protection of their infantry, and kept them there during the battle and retreat.

I must not omit to mention the eminent services of Colonel Du Bois, commanding at Rienzi, and Colonel Lee, who, with the Seventh Kansas and a part of the Seventh Illinois Cavalry, assured our flank and rear during the entire period of our operation.

Among the officers of the command who deserve special mention are Brigadier-General Hamilton, commanding the Third Division, who took the advance and held the front in the battle; Brigadier-General Stanley, who never failed to yield the most efficient and unwearying support and assistance; Brigadier-General Sullivan, commanding the Second Brigade of Hamilton's division, whose determined courage rises with and has always proved equal to the occasion; Colonel Sanborn, commanding the First Brigade of the same division, whose conduct in his first battle was highly creditable; Colonel Eddy, Forty-eighth Indiana, and Colonel Matthies, Fifth Iowa; Colonel Boomer, Twenty-sixth Missouri, wounded in action; Colonel Mower, whose gallantry is equaled only by his energy, and numerous others, whole names appear conspicuously in the accompanying reports, are commended tot he favorable notice of the major-general commanding. Besides officers of the line and their respective staffs I must not omit to acknowledge the serviced of the able and indefatigable chief of cavalry, Colonel Mizner. Colonel Lothrop, chief of artillery, also rendered services contributing much to the general strength and efficiency of his arm. Capts. Temple Clark, assistant adjutant-general, and Greenwood and Goddard, my aides, were very gallant and indefatigable in the discharge of their duties. The energy, painstaking,a nd car of Surg. A. B. Campbell, and the medical officers who attended the wounded, deserve most honorable mention.

W. S. ROSECRANS,

Major-General.

Major JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of West Tennessee.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

