
Believing in our ultimate success in quelling this rebellion and hoping equal victory in all our engagements with our rebellions foe, I am, captain, very respectfully, yours,

JACOB T. FOSTER,

Captain, First Wisconsin Battery.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 22.

Report of Colonel Lionel A. Sheldon, Forty-second Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 13TH ARMY CORPS,January 13, 1863.

SIR: The part by my brigade in the reduction of Post Arkansas is as follows:

On the 10th instant the brigade debarked and moved up the river to the open field about 2 miles from the fort and there remained for the night. At sunrise it moved forward and took up position in support of the batteries attached to the division, the left of the brigade resting on the river bank and the right forming on the left of the First Division. At 10 a.m. two companies of the Sixty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Bennett, were advanced as skirmishers and participated in the fighting during the day.

At 1 p.m. the One hundred and twentieth Ohio was ordered forward in support of a battery, and very soon thereafter advanced to the left of the battery, its left resting upon the river bank.

At 3 p.m. the regiment was ordered forward to the enemy's works. Accordingly it was formed in column, doubled on the center, and moved forward at a double-quick in very fine order, under the lead of the intrepid Colonel French, until they encountered the ditch outside of the enemy's works and at the same time encountered a heavy fire from the rifle-pits. Although being considerably in advance of any other troops the regiment deployed as far as it could in the space allowed and very gallantly maintained its ground without disorder or flinching until the firing ceased, and was the first to plant its colors on the enemy's works. The One hundred and eighteenth Illinois, Colonel Fonda, was advanced on the right of the battery and participated to some extent in the infantry fighting.

The officers and troops under my command, as far as I was able to discover, behaved with becoming skill and courage.

A nominal list of the killed and wounded I herewith transmit, with designation of company, &amp;c.*

Very truly,

L. A. SHELDON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 717.

---------------

