
Paddock, and the latter sent under guard to the steamer Empress.

About midnight Captain Foster reported to me with two 20-pounder rifled guns. For an account [of the part] taken by these guns in the capturing of Post Arkansas I refer you to the following extract from Captain Foster's narrative report, inclosed with this:

Arriving at Colonel Lindsey's camp at 12 m., 2 miles above the fort, and obscured from view by a bend in the river, we bivouacked for the remainder of the night, and in the morning placed our guns in position in a work which had been thrown up during the night for this section of my battery. We here remained until 2 p.m. of the 11th, when to our surprise and joy we saw one of the gunboats passing the fort. Three gunboats soon followed, the last being the flag-ship of the fleet. Colonel Lindsey then gave me permission to move down the river opposite the fort, and ordered me to open fire upon the enemy at any point where we could be most effective. This we found to be a position enfilading the enemy's rifle-pits. I think every single shell burst, and just at the right point. As a proof more positive of the destruction we had caused I visited the ground immediately after the surrender and found 10 dead bodies and numerous pieces of 20-pounder Parrott shell. While we were firing we saw the rebel flag fall at this point. We had fired about twenty minutes into this place when, with indescribable pleasure, we saw the white flag waving at the point where we had been firing.

I must also refer to the report of Lieutenant F. C. Wilson, commanding two guns from the Chicago Mercantile Battery, for want of room.

On the morning of the 11th I so masked my position as to screen ourselves from the enemy's view, keeping out a strong picket on the Little Rock road and on the river above, and remained in this position until our gunboats had gone above, which relieved me of the necessity of guarding the river any longer against any re-enforcements of the enemy which might come in that direction. I drew in my pickets and moved my whole command down the river in the direction of the fort. I placed the Third Kentucky Regiment on board one of the gunboats which had landed just above the fort, and moved the other two regiments of my command to the point opposite the fort, where they bivouacked for the night.

Although the troops of my command were not so placed as to be able to take any very active part in the reduction of this post, yet all did the duty assigned to them with cheerfulness and alacrity; and for their patience in wading through swamps, and performing without murmuring almost constant fatigue and picket duty for two days and night, they deserve great praise.

I watched with a great deal of care the result of the fire from the four guns on the point [two 20-pounder rifled and two 3-inch, also rifled], and can only say that they could not have been better handled nor by better men. Every shell fell just where it was intended.

To Capts. Kirkbride and Foster and Lieutenant Wilson I am much indebted for the assistance they gave me with their very excellent commands.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. LINDSEY,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade.

Captain W. A. GORDON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division.

Number 24. Report of Lieutenant Frank C. Wilson, Chicago Mercantile Battery.

ARKANSAS POST, ARK., January 13, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Orders, Number -, from General G. W. Morgan, commanding division of the Army of the Mississippi, the right

