
section of the Chicago Mercantile Battery, Captain Charles G. Cooley, consisting of two 3-inch wrought-iron rifles, 31 horses, and 34 men, was debarked at Fletcher's Landing during the night of January 9 and joined your command the following morning.

At 8 o'clock we started on our march, and after a march of about 3 miles arrived at the plantation of Colonel James Smith and took a position to command the Arkansas River and prevent re-enforcements from coming down to the enemy's position at Arkansas Post, which was about 1 1/2 miles below us.

About 11 o'clock we were discovered by the enemy, who threw some five or six shells at us from the heavy pivot gun at the angle of the fort facing our position, doing us no damage, as we seemed to be beyond his range.

About 3 o'clock some sharpshooters fired a number of shots from the opposite bank of the river. They were replied to by our infantry, and we suffered no more annoyance from that direction.

After dark we moved up the river a short distance, planted our guns, and bivouacked for the night, supported by the Forty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Sunday, January 11, we remained in our position until 11 o'clock, when we limbered up and moved back from the river and concealed ourselves in the woods, where remained until 3.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to the point opposite the fort, the guns bearing in that direction having been dismounted by the gunboats.

We took position on the left of Captain Foster's First Wisconsin Battery [two guns] and commenced firing Hotchkiss shell, 3-second fuse, at one and a half degrees' elevation, the target being log buildings in rear of the fort and the enemy's rifle-pits. We had only fired 4 rounds from each piece, and were just getting warmed up for work, when a white flag was shown and the firing ceased, except from one of the gunboats and from a gun on the extreme left of our position, upon the opposite or right bank of the river. Only two or three shots, however, were fired after the flag was shown.

The men under my command displayed a coolness unexpected by me, it being the first time they were in action; and, considering that we have never fired but 10 rounds to each piece at target, the range was excellent.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

FRANK C. WILSON,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Colonel LINDSEY,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Army of the Miss.

Number 25. Report of Colonel John F. De Courcy, Sixteenth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD BRIGADE, Glacis, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Number 2, of this date, I have to report that my brigade was kept in reserve to protect the boats from any attack which might be made on our right rear, and remained in

48 R R-VOL XVII

