
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Numbers 130. Corinth, September 28, 1862.

The general commanding has forborne to notice in orders the facts and results of the battle of Iuka until he should have before him the reports of all the commanders who participated in the action.

Brothers in arms: You may well be proud of the battle of Iuka. On the 18th you concentrated at Jacinto; on the 19th you marched 20 miles, driving in the rebel outposts for the last 8, reached the front of Price's army advantageously posted in unknown woods, and opened the action by 4 p. m. On a narrow front, intersected by ravines and covered with dense undergrowth, with a single battery, Hamilton's division went into action against the combined rebel hosts. On that unequal ground, which permitted the enemy to outnumber them three to one, they fought a glorious battle, mowing down the rebel hordes until, night closing in, they rested on their arms on the ground, from which the enemy retired during the night, leaving us masters of the field.

The general commanding bears cheerful testimony to the fiery alacrity with which the troops of Stanley's division moved up cheering to support, when called for, the Third Division and took their places to give them an opportunity to replenish their ammunition, and to the magnificent fighting of the Eleventh Missouri, under the gallant Mower. To all the regiments who participated in the fight he presents congratulations on their bravery and good conduct. He deems in an especial duty to signalize the Forty-eighth Indiana, which, posted on the left, held its ground until the brave Eddy fell and the whole brigade of Texans came in through a ravine on the little band, and even then only yielded a hundred yards until relieved.

The Sixteenth Iowa, amid the roar of battle, the rush of wounded artillery horses, the charges of a rebel brigade, and a storm of grape, canister, and musketry, stood like a rock, holding the center, while the glorious Fifth Iowa, under the brave and distinguished Matthies, sustained by Boomer with part of his noble Twenty-sixth, bore the thrice-repeated charges and cross-fires of the rebel left and center with a valor and determination seldom equaled, never excelled, by the most veteran soldiers.

The Tenth Iowa, under Colonel Perczel, deserves honorable mention, for covering our left flank from the assault of the Texan Legion. Sands Eleventh Ohio Battery, under Lieutenant Sears, was served with unequaled bravery, under circumstances of danger and exposure such as rarely, perhaps never, has fallen to the lot of one single battery during this war.

The Thirty-ninth Ohio and Forty-seventh Illinois, who went into position a the close of the fight, and held it during the night, deserve honorable mention for the spirit they displayed int he performance of their duty.

The general commanding regrets that he must mention the conduct of the Seventeenth Iowa, whose disgraceful stampeding forms a melancholy exception to the general good courage of the troops. He doubts not that there are many good officers and men in that regiment whose cheeks burn with shame and indignation at the part the regiment acted, and he looks to them and to all its members, on the first opportunity, by conspicuous gallantry to wipe out the stain on their fair fame.

To the brave and gallant Hamilton, who formed and maintained his division under the galling fire from the rebel front, having his horse shot under him in the action; to the veteran and heroic Sullivan, young in years, but old in fight; Colonel Sanborn, commanding the leading brigade in his maiden battle; Brigadier General D. S. Stanley, indefatigable

