HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp before Vicksburg, February 4, 1863.

Colonel JOHN A. RAWLINS:

Assistant Adjutant-General to General Grant:

SIR: I must confess I was surprised to hear from you that my report of the part taken by my corps at the Post of Arkansas, January 11, 1863, has not reached your headquarters. I prepared it with great dispatch January 13, two days after the battle, and at 8 a.m. January 15 sent it, with the reports of all the generals of divisions and brigades, embracing complete lists of killed and wounded, to General McClernand at the Post of Arkansas, by the hands of Colonel Mungen of the Fifty-seventh Ohio. I called on General McClernand this morning and learned from him that he had not yet completed his own report, but would very soon send it in with mine and other sub-reports. I expressed a wish that he would use dispatch more especially with the lists of killed and wounded, that the War Department might have the means of answering the thousands of inquiries as to the fate of friends and relatives. I am assured these will be sent you at once. I keep full records of all these matters, and should General McClernand from any cause be unable to send in these lists I can supply you duplicate copies.

As General Grant expressed a wish to see my own report, I herewith inclose a copy, with copies of the reports of Generals Hovey and Stuart, which are necessary to an understanding of the matter.* I also send a copy of the map made by Captain Pitzman, Topographical Engineer on my staff, whose patient industry and great skill in his peculiar line have so often elicited my personal commendation.

I ask that these papers, with this explanatory letter, may be sent to the general-in-chief, whose comprehensive knowledge of such matters will enable him to see the truth amid the cloud of falsehood and defamation by which I have again been enveloped.

I also avail myself of this opportunity to forward the official report of Colonel Giles A. Smith, commanding the First Brigade of Second Division during our operations before Vicksburg, which report did not reach my headquarters in time for my official report of that affair. I beg that it be forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army, to be filed with my report and to form a part of it.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Addenda.]

Itinerary of the Fifteenth Army Corps, December 20, 1862-January 19, 1863.#

December 20, the Second Division of this corps embarked at Memphis to take part in the expedition against Vicksburg.

December 21, the First Division embarked at Helena, Ark.

December 22, both rendezvoused at Friar's Point.

December 23, both rendezvoused at the Gaines' Landing.

December 25, both rendezvoused at the mouth of the Yazoo.

December 27, disembarked on Yazoo Island.

---------------

*See reports Nos. 28 and 33.

+From "Record of Events," Tri-monthly Return, January 20, 1863.

---------------

