
tioned their cavalry to fire from across the bayou on our rear, and two regiments of infantry to fire on our flank, early attracted my attention. Here I ordered a charge on the enemy's works by the Third Missouri, under Colonel Shepard, supported by the Thirty-first Iowa, commanded by Colonel Smyth. They moved forward vigorously, and for a time I confidently expected they would enter the works, but the galling cross-fire of infantry and artillery bearing directly on their front and flanks, and coming from a quarter unexpected and therefore not guarded by Colonel Hassendeubel's sharpshooters, checked the charge and at length compelled Colonels Shepard and Smyth to resume their original line of battle. Colonel Hassendeubel with his regiment of sharpshooters continued to do excellent service until his ammunition was exhausted. They were then ordered to the rear to resupply themselves. Finding the enemy had massed a strong force to protect this the weakest part of their works, I brought forward two 12-pounder howitzers, with a view of shelling back the enemy beyond rifle-range. Two shots only had been fired when the fort surrendered.

I have already spoken of the gallant conduct of the Seventy-sixth Ohio and its colonel, of the Third Missouri and its colonel, who captured two stand of rebel colors, and of the good service done by the Seventeenth Missouri, under Colonel Hassendeubel, and I will now add that Colonel Stone, of the Twenty-fifth Iowa, and the majority of his regiment acted like veterans; but the cowardly conduct of his major in leaving the field in the face of the enemy, thereby giving countenance to straggling and skulking, cannot be too severely censured. The Thirty-first Iowa lost much of its effectiveness lack of discipline. This and the Twenty-fifth Iowa are new regiments.

I should not do full justice did I close this report without making honorable mention of my staff officers, Captain F. M. Crandal, Lieuts. J. E. Bryant and F. H. Wilson, and Sergt. Sidney O. Morgan.

Inclosed are lists of casualties in the several regiments.*

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. HOVEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Brigade,

First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK,

A. A. G., First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Numbers 29.

Report of Colonel George A. Stone, Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY,Camp at Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

GENERAL: In obedience to your orders, yesterday I formed my regiment in rear of the Seventy-sixth Ohio, Colonel Woods, and followed that regiment in the charge on the enemy's fortifications, and was the second regiment in their works.

As reported to you this morning, my casualties were 9 killed, 45 wounded, and 7 missing.

The fire was very terrific and galling, especially in our position, ex-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 718.

---------------

