
with the Thirteenth Illinois and another regiment of General Blair's brigade, were held as a reserve, through exposed to the enemy's fire.

The infantry and the battery I requested General Vandever, who arrived two days previous and took temporary command of his old regiment, the Ninth Iowa, to assist me, and I am pleased to make my acknowledgments to him for very valuable services. His conduct was gallant and soldierly throughout the action, and he was constantly exposed to danger. I have also to acknowledge the efficient aid rendered me by the members of my staff, Captain Allen Blacker, assistant adjutant general; Captain Lyman Richardson, Lieuts. William S. Whitten and Albert T. Higbee,

Lists of killed and wounded have been forwarded.*

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Brigade.

First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain J. W. PADDOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.

Number 32. Report of Lieutenant Colonel W. M. G. Torrence, Thirtieth Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH IOWA INFANTRY, Post Arkansas, Ark., January 13, 1863.

COLONEL: Agreeably to order I have the honor to report to you the part the regiment, while acting under my command, took in the late battle of January 11, 1863:

After disengaging my troops of everything in the way of luggage which might be disposed of, by order of General Thayer I gave direction to follow close up by the right flank the first battalion, Third Brigade, Fifteenth Army Corps; to form line of battle on its left, at a designated point if practicable, and, if not, to form line of battle in its rear, and advance as it advanced and halt as it halted, and in every move to act in conjunction with it. But after striking the double-quick I very soon found it impossible to form either on its left or rear, and I halted my command and allowed the first battalion to file by. This being done, I instantly formed line of battle and moved forward through the timber, over logs and brush, as best I could, until within 150 or 175 yards of the enemy's breastworks, forming his extreme left, when I came to an open space of ground. Here I halted, giving instructions to fire, lie down and load, and fire lying down, which they did for the space of about three hours, during which time they did but little more than silence and keep silent some small artillery pieces planted by the enemy at that part of the breastworks, together with the musketry in the hands of the enemy in the rifle-pits. During said time no change of position was made save one, when by a flank movement I shifted farther to the right. This secured me a more strong hold of the enemy's left. Here we remained until the order was given all along the lines to cease firing, as the enemy had hoisted a white flag. After firing ceased on the right the enemy rose up in great numbers from their rifle-pits in full view. I was about moving my command forward, when, to my great astonish-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.718.

---------------

