
its right and the other on its left front. Colonel Smith determining that it was not altogether hopeful to push his assault farther till he could silence or dispose of the enemy's cannon, from which he had begun to fire grape and canister, ordered a halt, and the line dropped to the ground to seek the best shelter the place afforded. He held his ground-every man in his place; no consternation or confusion threatening any disorder. The batteries which were annoying our men were silenced by their rifles; the one on our right by the Sixth and Eighth Missouri and the Fifty-seventh Ohio and the one on our left by the troops in its front. An incessant fire was kept up on and from the enemy's trenches for from three to four hours. I covered a space on our left by advancing the Second Brigade, which was done very handsomely by Colonel T. Kilby Smith, commanding, under a heavy fire from the trenches. This accomplished, and our whole line having become nearly connected, we were ready, waiting General Sherman's order, for a fresh and simultaneous assault, which the enemy could not have resisted, when the white flag was exhibited and the orders given to cease firing. The enemy had surrendered.

The gallantry and efficiency of Captains Wood's and Barrett's batteries were conspicuous. They will doubtless receive from the commanding general, who mainly directed their operations, the mention they earned. I cannot award too high praise to Captain Hoffmann's Ohio battery, in General Steele's division, and which he permitted me to use throughout the day whenever I saw an opportunity to push it in effectively. Captain Hoffmann took his pieces up to within 200 yards of the intrenchments and poured in a rapid and effective fire from three different positions. He went promptly and cheerfully wherever I asked him to. Lieutenant Hart's battery operated from such a distance, covered by the woods, that I did not see anything of it, and have received from him no report. Major Taylor was, at least part of the time, superintending the operations of that battery, and I must refer to Lieutenant Hart and himself for information. Captain McDonald, my assistant adjutant-general; Captain Slattery, Fifty-fifth Illinois, and Lieutenant Rumsey, of Company A, Chicago battery, my aide-de-camp, served me with intelligence and perfect gallantry. So far as such qualities merit notice, they earned equal distinction with any men on the field or in any part of the field.

Colonel Giles A. Smith, commanding First Brigade, and Colonel T. Kilby Smith, commanding Second Brigade, led their brigades with gallantry, and deserve honor and advancement-deserve it because they have earned it in the field, where alone it can be earned.

Every movement of my division was under the immediate eye of our commanding general, and was also well observed by the general commanding in chief, who held his headquarters at the point from which our advance was made. I claim that the division, 3,200 men of which only represented it on the field, maintained its honor, did its duty, and contributed its full share toward the accomplishment of the plan for the capture of the place and the enemy's forces; that it was prompt and in every instance "up to time," in obedience to and in execution of its duty under both general and special orders.

I have the further honor to submit herewith the reports of my brigade commanders.

Remaining, with respect, your obedient servant,

D. STUART,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

J. H. HAMMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

