
reserve. On arriving within range of musketry we were opened upon not only by the whole line in front, but by an enfilading fire from the right from three field pieces, and from both right and left from musketry. The columns that were to have come up on both right and left having failed to arrive, while awaiting their advance I ordered sharpshooters to advance to check as much as possible the enemy's fire, and I sent back a messenger to General Stuart describing my position.

At 4 o'clock no support had arrive. I now deployed the Eighth Missouri on the right, who were soon supported by the Fifty-seventh Ohio sent me by General Stuart from the Second Brigade, and ordered the Sixth and Eighth Missouri to advance until they could silence the three field pieces by sharpshooting. They advanced to within 100 yards of the guns, which they effectually silenced, not only picking off every gunner who showed himself above the works, but killing every horse belonging to the battery.

My whole line was now within 150 yards of their works, the men being only partially covered by scattered stumps and logs. The Second Brigade, Colonel T. Kilby Smith commanding, now took position on my left, when the whole line advanced; but before reaching their intrenchments white flags were displayed, the firing ordered to cease, and the entire force of the enemy surrendered themselves prisoners of war.

A full list of casualties is appended, marked A.*

The conduct of both officers and men of my command justly merits the highest praise. Not one inch of ground gained was given up, and all orders to advance promptly obeyed.

Lieutenant-Colonels Blood, commanding Sixth Missouri, and Coleman, commanding Eighth Missouri; Majors Kirby, commanding Eighth Missouri, and Chase, commanding first battalion, Thirteenth U. S. Infantry; Colonel Hoge, commanding One hundred and thirteenth Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonels Paddock, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, and Boyd, commanding One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, and Major Froman, One hundred and sixteenth Illinois, displayed great gallantry in gaining and holding their positions in so short musket-range of an intrenched enemy.

This being the first time the One hundred and thirteenth and One hundred and sixteenth Illinois were ever under fire they sustained themselves nobly throughout the entire engagement. The Fifty-seventh Ohio, Colonel Mungen commanding, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Rice, sent to support our right, were also in the hottest of the fire, and behaved like veterans.

Of my personal staff, Lieutenant D. S. Parker, One hundred and thirteenth Illinois, acting assistant adjutant-general, who was severely wounded by a Minie ball in the leg, and Lieutenant Nelson Patterson, Eighth Missouri, aide-de-camp, rendered most efficient aid in conveying my orders to every part of the field.

Privates Daniel Cox, James Gunion, and Oscar Little, Eighth Missouri, my orderlies, were also very active, and rendered great assistance, the former having his horse shot under him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILES A. SMITH,

Colonel Eighth Missouri, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain C. McDONALD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.,718.

---------------

