
Number 36. Report of Colonel Thomas Kilby Smith, Fifty-fourth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Post Arkansas, Ark., January 12, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken in the late action by the Second Brigade, under my command:

Debarking, by order of General Stuart, on Saturday, 10th instant, the brigade followed the line of march indicated, and just before night took position in the woods in front of one of the enemy's batteries. I ordered the Fifty-seventh Ohio to the right to support the Eighth Missouri, by request of Colonel Smith, commanding the First Brigade, and the Fifty-fifth Illinois and Eighty-third Indiana forward, with instructions to draw the enemy's fire, which they did with such effect as to cause the loss of the enemy's fire, which they did with such effect as to cause the loss of 14 killed and wounded by their shells, among them Captain Yeoman, commanding the Fifty-fourth Ohio, whose right arm was shattered; since amputated.

Early the next morning the brigade moved forward and at 1 o'clock forme a line of battle to storm the fortifications, the Fifty-seventh Ohio, led by Colonel Mungen, on the right; the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois on the center; the Eighty-third Indiana on the left, with the Fifty-fifth Illinois and Fifty-third Indiana on the left, with the Fifty-fifth Illinois and Fifty-fourth Ohio in reserve, immediately in the rear. Their action was under the eye of General Stuart. I saw none falter, and where all, officers and men, were so gallant I cannot make invidious distinction. The Eighty-third Indian and the Fifty-seventh Ohio each have a Texan flag as trophies, surrendered by the enemy before the close of the fight.

I desire to make special mention of Colonel Malmborg, commanding the Fifty-fifth Illinois, whose zeal and unremitting diligence in superintending working parties and planting batteries, performing at the same time his whole duty to his regiment, demand compliment.

With a list of casualties in my command, appended below, and which I have to submit herewith,*

I am, with the highest respect, your obedient servant,THOS. KILBY SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Fifteenth Army Corps.

Captain C. McDONALD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Number 37. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oscar Malmborg, Fifty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by the Fifty-fifth in the engagement during the 10th and 11th instant:

At the point on the Arkansas River indicated in general orders the regiment disembarked and took up a northwesterly line of march at noon, the 10th instant, right in front, it being in the lead of the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel T. K. Smith, and immediately preceded

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.718.

---------------

