
by the Thirteenth Regular Infantry, the rear regiment of the First Brigade, General Stuart's division.

Having reached a point about three-fourths of a mile nearly east of the fort I received orders to form the regiment in line of battle, facing est, to relieve the skirmishers in advance of my indicated line and to reconnoiter my front and flanks. I established my line of battle on the west side of and parallel with the road, which here turns north, forming nearly a right angle, and covered my front with two companies of skirmishers under Captain Augustine, connecting with those of the Eighty-third Indiana on my left and with the Eighth Missouri on my right. I found the ground in my front and flanks densely covered with timber and brush and for one-fourth of a mile in my front slightly ascending; thence for an equal distance gradually sloping down to the flat and open space upon which the fort is situated, the distance across the open space to the fort being about 700 yards. The effective strength of the regiment, including one company detached as support to Barrett's battery, was 13 commissioned officers and 343 non-commissioned officers and privates, equalized into ten companies.

At dark, on receiving orders to "advance my command and draw the enemy's fire," I added a company to the skirmishers and advanced the main body about 50 yards, when it was halted by General Stuart; but the skirmishers continued to advance, firing, until they reached near the open ground above indicated. The enemy replied with grape and shell in abundance for three-fourths of an hour, but aside from cutting limbs of trees did little damage. In half an hour I received orders to cease firing and to withdraw my skirmishers. I established my picket line [connected] 500 yards in advance of the regiment and visited it personally twice during the night. The regiment slept on their arms.

At an hour before daylight on the 11th I left the command of the regiment to the senior captain [Chandler], acting major, and accompanied General Stuart to a point half a mile to my right and front within 600 yards of the fort, near the open ground, when I, with a detail from the One hundred and twenty-seventh Illinois Regiment, by the general's orders, erected a sedan for four 20-pounder Parrott guns on lines enfilading the banquette and platform of a bastion face of the fort. The enemy allowed us, even after sunrise, unmolested to continue our work, and after daylight resumed theirs, which they had kept up the greater part of the night.

At 8 a.m. I reported to General Stuart the work ready for occupation. The general's division having meanwhile been relieved by that of General A. J. Smith's and moved to the right, Major-General Sherman directed me to request General Smith to occupy the work by one of his batteries and to furnish a detail for its full completion. Having communicated this order, the Seventeenth Ohio [10-pounder Parrott guns] Battery and regiment having been promptly sent there by General Burbridge, I returned and resumed command of my regiment.

About noon I received orders to move farther to the right, with the Fifty-fourth Ohio Regiment to constitute of the brigade in the storming of the enemy's works, which order was executed under the eye and direction of the colonel commanding the brigade and the general commanding the division, until, after an obstinate fight of more than three hours' duration, the enemy surrendered.

It is with pride and pleasure I bear testimony to the good conduct of the officers and men of the regiment generally in their necessarily exposed positions during the fights of Saturday and Sunday, and I do

