
especially beg leave to mention Orderly-Sergeant Ebersold, of Company I, who, in the absence of a commissioned officer in the company on account of sickness, was in command of the company on Sunday, and by courage and perfect control of his men proved himself a very efficient officer.

Dr. Roler, the regimental surgeon, though quite unwell, was indefatigable in his exertions for the relief and care of the wounded, without reference to regiments. The members of the regimental field band, under its principal musician, also faithfully performed their duty during the action in bringing off the wounded wherever found.

The casualties in the regiment on the 10th were as follows: Private D. Garbe, Company E, mortally wounded in the hip; and Private John T. Clark, Company I, in the leg, both by the explosion of a 10-inch shell, which also wounded an officer and 1 man of the Fifty-fourth Ohio.

On the 11th but a few unimportant cases occurred, not requiring surgical aid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. MALMBORG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifty-fifth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain G. M. WHITE,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigadier, General Stuart's Div.

Number 38. Report of Colonel Charles R. Ellet, commanding U. S. Ram Fleet.

U. S. STEAM-RAM MONARCH,

Off Arkansas Post, Ark., January 12, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you that on the 9th instant I ascended the Arkansas River in the Monarch, accompanying, by Admiral Porter's order, the naval expedition against Fort Hindman.

During the attack upon the fort on the 11th instant the Monarch was held immediately in rear of the iron-clads, with instructions to take the lead if a rebel ram appeared.

Just before the surrender of the enemy I received orders to pass the fort and cut off the retreat of the enemy. This was done; and I kept on up the river for 12 miles. The water then became so shallow a to render it impossible to proceed farther. The Monarch got aground four times as it was. I was consequently compelled to return, to my great regret, as I understood from a prisoner we captured on the way that there was a ferry some 6 miles farther up, where the fleeing rebels would be able to cross. I notified the commander of the light-draught gunboats of this fact on my return, but am unaware whether any steps were taken to destroy the ferry.

I reported verbally to Admiral Porter the result of the expedition. Though I have no positive information to that effect, I think the passage of the Monarch must have caused a considerable number of the enemy to fall into the hands of our army. We shelled the woods on our right-hand side as we went up, and at several points saw numbers of the rebels retreating from the banks of the river.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES RIVERS ELLET,

Colonel, Commanding Ram Fleet.

Brigadier General ALFRED W. ELLET,

Commanding Mississippi Marine Brigade.

