
My loss will not exceed 60 killed and 75 or 80 wounded. The loss of the enemy was from 1,500 to 2,000 killed and wounded.

To the members of my staff, Major J. K. P. Campbell, chief commissary; Dr. C. H. Smith, chief surgeon; Captain B. S. Johnson, adjutant-general; Captain B. F. Blackburn, inspector-general; Captain J. J. Gaines, chief of artillery; Captain J. M. Rose, ordnance officer; Captain R. H. Fitzhugh, Engineer Corps; Captain A. J. Little, Signal Corps; Lieutenant A. H. Sevier, aide-de-camp; Captains Farr and Smith, volunteer aides, and Mr. J. E. McGuire, my thanks are due for the many valuable services rendered me upon the battle-field. As for individual acts of gallantry I will make more full mention hereafter.

I herewith inclose for your consideration the reports of Colonels Garland and Deshler; that of Colonel Dunnington I have as yet been unable to obtain.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. J. CHURCHILL,

Brigadier General, Commanding Lower Arkansas and White Rivers.

Lieutenant General T. H. HOLMES, Little Rock.

[Indorsements.]

MAY 9, 1863.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

The strange circumstances causing the capture of the Arkansas Post demand investigation. I recommend a court of inquiry, and that meanwhile Colonels Garland and Wilkes, and I incline to think General Churchill likewise, should be relieved from their present commands over the men surrendered.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

Returned to Secretary of War for consideration, in connection with further information which he may have received.

J. DAVIS.

JULY 13, 1863.

File. To await such further information.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement on copy forwarded through department headquarters.]
HEADQUARTERS ARKANSAS DEPARTMENT, Little Rock, June 8, 1863.

It is impossible to imagine better conduct on the part of officers and men, and it is a matter of rejoicing to me that my hasty order was rendered nugatory before the brave Churchill was reduced to the ultimaratio-cutting his way through such immense odds. It never occurred to me when the order was issued that such an overpowering command would be devoted to an end so trivial. Respectfully forwarded to the adjutant and inspector-general.

TH. H. HOLMES,Lieutenant-General.

