
First Lieutenant James D. Reed, commanding Company D, Twenty-fifth Texas Cavalry [dismounted], lost his right arm.

All the horses pertaining to Hart's battery were either killed or wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. GARLAND,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Army Lower Ark. and White Rivers.

Captain B. S. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

KINGSTON, GA., July 14, 1863.

Brigadier-General MACKALL,

Chief of Staff, Army of Tennessee:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a request for a court of inquiry, accompanied with extracts from my official report of the affairs at Arkansas Post, which will give you some insight into the merits of the case. I was called upon for a report under peculiar circumstances-while a prisoner of war, in close confinement, and when all written matter was subject to the surveillance of the enemy-consequently it is very imperfect on several important points, and does not do entire justice to the troops I had the honor to command on that occasion. My report does not set forth fully the important duties assigned the First Brigade nor the conspicuous part it acted on all parts of the line.

Although two-thirds of the line of defense held by our entire force was assigned to it to defend it was at the same time considered as a reserve from which re-enforcements were to be drawn for any other portions of the line or for the fort, as is clearly shown from General Churchill's instructions to me on Sunday morning, the 11th January. The instructions given me were that I should furnish re-enforcements to Colonels Deshler and Dunnington who commanded the two other brigades, whenever called upon by them, and in carrying out these instructions in good fifth the most important part of the line was left almost defenseless.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. R. GARLAND,

Colonel Sixth Texas Infantry.

KINGSTON, GA., July 14, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: As I deem my reputation as a soldier seriously impeached by Brigadier-General Churchill in his official report of the affair at Arkansas Post, in which he states:

The fort had now been silenced about an hour, most of the field pieces disabled, still the fire rage furiously along the entire line, and that gallant band of Texans and Arkansans having nothing to rely upon now save their muskets and bayonets, still disdained to yield to the overpowering foe of 50,000 men, who were pressing upon them from almost every direction. Just at this time, to my great surprise, several white flags were displayed in the Twenty-fourth Regiment Texas Dismounted Cavalry, First Brigade, and before it could be arrested the enemy took advantage of it, crowded upon my lines, and not being prevented by the brigade commander from crossing, as was his duty, I was forced to the humiliating necessity of surrendering the balance of the command.

