
Numbers 4.

Report of Surg. Archibald B. Campbell, U. S. Army, Medical Director.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 28, 1862.

GENERAL: My report of the battle of Iuka has been delayed until all the sub-reports came in.

In accordance with your instructions all the sick of your command (900 in number) were disposed of comfortably in the general hospitals at Corinth, Miss., and Jackson, Tenn., by the 18th instant. The command commenced its march from Clear Creek in a rain-storm, which ceased about 9 o'clock in the morning, and left the roads a little muddy but free from the annoyance of dust. The column reached Jacinto without much fatigue.

On the 19th the roads were in splendid order, hard, and entirely free form dust. The men marched with ease and in fine order, none lagging and very few straggling. They reached the battle field unwearied and in good spirits. As soon as it became known that an engagement was impending I established a field hospital at the only place within 2 1/2 miles of the field where there was water to be obtained. As it was on the road-side all the men saw the locality. Immediately after firing commenced the wounded began to arrive, generally carried by two men. Those whose legs were nearly shot away were carried in some instances on blankets by 6 men. The details, previously made of the purpose, behaved admirably, depositing those brought off and immediately returning of others. the surgeons did their best, and everything moved on almost like clock-work. Finding the wounded becoming very numerous, a second depot was established about half a mile in the rear of the first, under the supervision of Surgeon Thrall, late medical director.

Very fortunately the night was calm and without a breath of air stirring,s o that, as the battle raged until after night-fall, we were enabled to dress the wounded by candle-light as well as if we had been inside a house. At 11 o'clock all had been attended to, when your order came to transport the wounded to the rear. The ambulances were brought up by the aid of Captain Mott, acting commissary of subsistence, and were loaded under the energetic supervision of Surgeon Thornhill, and were received at the new depot, 2 1/2 miles to the rear, by Surgeons Lynch and Ham. They had all reached the new depot by an hour after daylight,a nd the last were about to be unloaded when your order was received to move them into Iuka, the enemy having evacuated during the night. Surgeons Thrall and Ham attended to the reloading, assisted by all the surgeons present. It was found on reaching Iuka that the rebel wounded occupied or old hospital, the Iuka Springs Hotel, as well as the Seminary buildings. Upon consultation with Medical Director Holston it was determined to occupy the other, the Iuka Hotel, and turn over all the rebel wounded to their won surgeons, as they had enough, and give them the Seminary buildings. At this time I turned over the entire charge of the wounded to Surgeon holston, and, in accordance with your order, reported back to your headquarters at Barnett's for duty. I cannot speak too highly of the surgeons nor discriminate between them. I doubt if the wounded of so great a carnage were ever taken care of more gently and more expeditiously. They sustained their removal with fortitude and with but little apparent fatigue.

Appended is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing, amounting

