
like to go, I am sure. All they would need would be four days' rations of salt, coffee, sugar, two days' hard bread, five wall tents, &amp;c.; could port to me in a day or two.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD PRINCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Seventh Illinois.

Lieutenant S. L. WOODWARD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigade Cavalry.

JANUARY 11, 1863.-Skirmish at Lowry's Ferry, Tenn.

Report of Colonel R. V. Richardson, First Tennessee Partisan Rangers.

FAYETTE COUNTY, TENN., March 13, 1863.

DEAR SIR: On September 6, 1863 [1862], I received authority from the Secretary of War to organize a regiment of Partisan Rangers in Tennessee, subject to your approval or that of General [Sterling] Price. The latter approved, and I immediately came to West Tennessee and began the work. I established a camp and rendezvous in this county, at Galloway's Switch. The enemy at that time held posts at Fort Pillow, Trenton, Humboldt, Jackson, Corinth, Bolivar, and Memphis. The field of my operations for recruiting purposes was necessarily circumscribed by this cordon of military posts, and it has been by fighting and skirmishing with the forces of these places continually that I have been able to hold all of Tipton and Fayette Counties and parts of Haywood, Hardeman, and Shelby Counties. It has required about four months to recruit and organize my regiment.

On February 14, ultimo, I completed the organization by holding an election by ballot for a lieutenant-colonel and major. James U. Green was elected to the first and Berry [B.] Benson to the last named office I also have appointed, subject to the President's approval, Pinkney M. Pate as quartermaster; Alexander W. Loving, first lieutenant in Captain R. Burrow's company, as adjutant; George W. Bennett as commissary; Christopher Dickson, M. D., as surgeon; John B. Scarborough, M. D., as assistant surgeon, and Rev. Marion Zelner as chaplain of what I claim to be the First Tennessee Regiment of Partisan Rangers, C. S. Army. I have ten companies organized and five more in process of organization. I had made out full and complete muster-rolls of my companies, but have lost them in a recent engagement with the enemy. I will have them made out again as soon as practicable and forward them. Up to this time I have been acting under orders from Lieutenant General [J. C.] Pemberton. I am informed now that you have command of all Confederate forces in Tennessee, and make this hasty report. My efforts to raise a regiment have been attended with much peril and many skirmishes. I have steadily increased, armed, and equipped my force within the enemy's lines. although cut off from all connections nearly with my Government and superior officers. I have been vested with large discretion, and refer to my general report to Lieutenant-General Pemberton as to the manner in which I have exercised it. It will suffice now to say that I had to meet the enemy in overwhelming force the next day after I went into camp in October last, and since that time up to this day some portion or all of my forces have had nearly daily conflicts with

