
the enemy did not advance-I rode back to see what he was doing, and found they had left the position at which he had dismounted his men and were rapidly retiring toward Baldwyn. I then sent a man to him to know what I should do. I waited some time, and not hearing from him I started with my command to find him. I went about a mile toward Baldwyn, and some men that I had in advance came in sight of a portion of his command drawn up behind a fence. They gave them the signals, and his men not returning them, one of my men foolishly fired upon them. They returned the fire and fell back. I then went to a house a short distance off and dispatched two couriers to look for Colonel Lay and to inquire of him what he was going to do and what I should do. I waited more than two hours, but the men never returned. I found some cotton and burned it while there.

Not knowing what to do nor where to find Colonel Lay-and the chances were that if I did overtake him I would be again fired into-I concluded I would go on in the direction of Rienzi, the point mentioned in your instructions to the colonel. So I passed on about 2 1/2 miles west of Blackland, and am here now, about 6 miles from that place, where I shall await your orders. There is a wheat field here where I can forage my horses.

Very respectfully,

[W. B. WADE,

Lieutenant-Colonel.]

[General JAMES R. CHALMERS.]

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 15, 1862.

Respectfully forwarded.

I have received no report yet from Colonel Lay. He was sent out with 575 picked men and I understand has returned. Lieutenant-Colonel Wade, with 125 men, formed a portion of his command. I have ordered Colonel Wade to make the attack on Blackland to-night, and will send Colonel Slemons with 150 men to support him if necessary.

JAMES R. CHALMERS,

Brigadier-General.

JUNE 15-18, 1862.-Expedition to Holly Springs and skirmish at Tallahatchie Bridge, Miss.

Report of Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division, Army of the Tennessee.

LA GRANGE, June 19, 1862.

The expedition to Holly Springs returned. Infantry spent two days in town and found the people not unfriendly. The cavalry was pushed on 20 miles to the south and dismounted, and attacked the guard at Tallahatchie Bridge. We had 4 men wounded, 2 seriously, who were carried to the rear and put in a wagon and started for Holly Springs and not heard of since. They report 8 of the enemy killed or wounded; that a car loaded with troops arrived and they fled back. The officer thinks Tallahatchie Bridge was burned by the enemy, but I do not believe it; but he reports having actually burned two or three other difficult pieces of trestle work some distance to the south of Holly Springs. There was at Holly Springs a large establishment for the repairing

