
to 108 killed, 611 wounded, and 17 missing.* The rebel loss was very much greater, amounting to over 520 killed, 1,300 wounded, and 181 prisoners, not including the wounded. I am satisfied that these figures are within bounds from personal inspection and what I consider reliable information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. CAMPBELL,

Medical Director, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 5.

Report of Captain William M. Wiles, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry, Provost-Marshal.

Number killed, found upon the field and buried by our men, 265; number died of wounds since battle, 120. Total number killed, 385. Number of wounded carried off by the enemy, according to best information, not less than 350; number of wounded found at Iuka, 342; prisoners not wounded, 361. Total loss of the enemy in killed, wounded, and prisoners, 1,438.

WM. M. WILES,

Captain 22nd Ind. Infty., Prov. March, Army of the Miss.

Numbers 6.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Warren L. Lothrop, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,Corinth, Miss., September 28, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith a report of the part taken by the artillery under my command at the battle near iuka on the 19th instant:

General Rosecrans' army left Camp Clear Creek, near Corinth, on the 18th instant, encamped at Jacinto that night, and left the next morning for Iuka. When within about 2 miles of the town the enemy was discovered in force, and Captain Sands' battery (Eleventh Ohio Volunteers, under command of First Lieutenant Sears) was ordered to the front and near the right of the line of battle. At the same time I was ordered by General Rosecrans to take one section of the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery (under command of Lieutenant Immell, First Missouri Light Artillery), together with Colonel Perczel's regiment, Tenth Iowa Volunteers, and post them on the right of the enemy's line. This position was in an open field. The enemy was discovered in front, and I opened on them with shell. They left and disappeared in the woods. Soon after this they appeared in strong force, and pressed so hard upon the section and regiment that they were compelled to withdraw. At this time a general engagement occurred along the whole line and continued until late in the evening. We remained on the battle-field during the night

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

