
and advanced the next morning on the town. When within abut a half mile the rear guard of the enemy was discovered leaving. One section of Captain Powell's battery was ordered forward, placed in position, and opened upon them with case-shot, causing a hasty flight and much confusion in their ranks.

I would call the attention of the commanding general to the manner in which Lieutenant Sears and his officers and men behaved during the battle. One officer and 16 men were killed at their pieces, several of them being bayoneted by the enemy. I cannot speak in too high terms of the bravery of the officers and men in this battery. Lieutenant Immell, First Missouri Light Artillery, and Colonel Perczel's regiment, Tenth Iowa, also deserve particular mention. They remained until they heard the roar from the enemy in the bushes on their right, and Colonel Perczel deemed it prudent to send the section back, fearing they would be cut off. Colonel Perczel remained with his command on the field during the night.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. LOTHROP,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT,

Chief of Staff Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 7.

Report of Brigadier General David S. Stanley, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 24, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding the right wing, that the Second Division, consisting of the First Brigade, Colonel Fuller commanding, and the Second Brigade, Colonel Mower commanding, left our camp on Clear Creek on the 18th instant, with three days' cooked rations and 100 rounds of ammunition to each man, and marched the same day by the way of patrick's, on the Burnsville road, when we turned and marched to within 1 mile of Jacinto.

Early the next morning we followed General Hamilton's division on the Tuscumbia road to Barnett's. At 2 p. m. the head of the column took the direct road to iuka. At 4.30 p. m. the enemy opened fire, and the division was pushed rapidly to the front. Arriving under fire, we found General Hamilton's entire division engaged and hard pressed. Colonel Mower, commanding the Second Brigade, was ordered into immediate action by General Rosecrans, and by some mistake carried in only his own regiment, the eleventh Missouri. They immediately became heavily engaged. The Forty-seventh Illinois, Colonel Thrush commanding, formed on the left of the Eleventh Missouri. The Twenty-sixth Illinois was formed on the right and retired. The Eighth Wisconsin and three Ohio regiments (the Twenty-seventh, Forty-third, and Sixty-third) were held in reserve. The Thirty-ninth Ohio was carried

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties omitted shows 16 killed, 38 wounded, and 3 missing; total, 57.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XVII

