
forward and posted close to the enemy on the right-hand road. This was the disposition of the troops of my division.

The only regiment that became heavily engaged was the Eleventh Missouri. This regiment stood its ground under a storm of musketry, which they repaid with double interest. The other regiments of the division were more or less engaged, the officers and men all behaving with great gallantry. The attention of the general commanding is called to the gallant conduct of Colonel J. A. Mower, commanding the Second Brigade, and Major Weber, commanding the Eleventh Missouri.

It is a subject of regret to our officers and men that the coming on of darkness prevented their having the opportunity more fully to engage our wicked rebel enemy. During the night Colonel J. L. Kirby Smith was very efficient in posting the artillery of the division, ready to renew the fight in the morning; but at dawn the enemy had entirely disappeared, leaving his dead and wounded. A pursuit of 1 mile brought us in sight of his rear guard in the village of Iuka. Colonel Fuller's brigade led, and I immediately made dispositions to attack; but a few rounds from Powell's battery sent the enemy flying, and no further sight of them was had that day, they being in full retreat on the Fulton road.

Inclosed you will find reports of brigade, regimental, and battery commanders; also lists of killed and wounded.* The latter have been duplicated by the division surgeon, Dr. Crane.

My obligations are due the members of my staff, Captain W. d. Colman, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieuts. C. L. Smiedel and W. H. Sinclair, aides, for efficient and useful service ont he field.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. S. STANLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. Kennett,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 8.

Report of Colonel John W. Fuller, Twenty-seventh, Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,September 23, 1862.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders I have the honor to report that my command formed the rear of the column during the march upon Iuka, on the 19th instant, moving in the following order: The Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, Colonel gilbert; Light Company F, Second U. S. Artillery, Captain Maurice; Twenty-seventh Ohio Infantry, Major Spaulding; Sixth-third Ohio Infantry, Colonel Sprague; Battery M, First Missouri Light Artillery, Captain Powell; section of battery, Eighth Wisconsin, Lieutenant McLean, and Forty-third Ohio Infantry, Colonel Smith. When within about 3 miles of Iuka we were halted in the road, and the batteries were moved to the right of the road and placed in position near the edge of the woods and on the hill which overlooked the open field directly south of the scene of the action. At sunset I received orders to advance immediately to the front. As soon as the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, pp. 77-78.

---------------

