
Numbers 10.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward F. Noyes, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-NINTH OHIO REGIMENT,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 23, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the colonel commanding the First Brigade, Second Division, Army of the Mississippi, that, in compliance with orders, the Thirty-ninth Ohio Regiment marched on the 19th instant from the place of bivouac near Jacinto to the battle ground of the battle of Iuka. When the regiment arrived in the immediate vicinity of the battle ground other troops, which had the advance, were already engaged, and before this regiment could be brought into action night had closed in and the darkness prevented further movements. The Thirty-ninth Ohio was ordered to the front and lay upon their rams during the night upon a portion of the ground covered by the fight. The enemy retreated during the night.

I have to report 6 persons wounded by stray shots. No other casualties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. F. NOYES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. LATHROP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 11.

Report of Colonel J. L. Kirby Smith, Forty-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In accordance with general orders, dated headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Barnett's, September 21, I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that my regiment, at the opening of the engagement near Iuka, was on the Jacinto and Iuka road, between 1 and 2 miles from the field of battle, being the rear regiment of the First Brigade, Second Division. During the action it was moved forward with the brigade to a point near the building used during the fight as a hospital, near the headquarters of the division commander. The regiment was here halted and moved a short distance our of the road to the left. It remained in this position during the action and the night following. The regiment having taken no part in the action, I have no casualties to report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. KIRBY SMITH,

Colonel Forty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. H. LATHROP,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

