
Numbers 12.

Report of Captain Thomas D. Maurice, First Missouri Light Artillery, commanding Battery F, Second U. S. Artillery.

CAMP NEAR JACINT, MISS.,

September 22, 1862.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders I herewith submit a report of the battery under my command at the battle near Iuka, Miss., on the 19th instant:

The battery marched from camp, on Clear, September 16, attached tot he First Brigade, Second Division, Colonel J. W. Fuller commanding.

On the evening of the 19th, when near Iuka, the firing commenced about 2 miles in our front. The battery was ordered forward, and placed in position on the right of the road and 1 mile from the battle-field. Remained in position during the night, and halted in sight of the town. The enemy having retreated during the night, the battery was ordered back on the road to Barnett's plantation and encamped, moving again Sunday evening to Jacinto, having taken no active part in the engagement. No loss or casuallties to report.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. D. MAURICE,

Captain First Mo. Light Arty., Commanding Co. F., Second U. S. Artyllery.

Captain C. W. DUSTAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13.

Report of Colonel Joseph A. Mower, Eleventh Missouri Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,Near Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders, I moved forward on the evening of the 19th instant, at the head of my brigade, to a position in front of the enemy. On arriving at that point I halted the head of the birgade, when I found that I had only one regiment with me, the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers. I opened fire on the enemy, whit they briskly returned. The engagement was kept up until the men had exhausted their ammunition and the nemy ha deceased firing, when I ordered the regiment to fall back a short distance to prevent their being outflanked. The men fell back in good order, when I halted them and directed them to remain in that position, which they did through the night. The Eleventh behaved with the greatest gallantry and determination, both officers and men standing to their posts in the midst of a most deadly fire.

Where all did their duty so well I can hardly mention any particular persons, without appearing to be guilty of partiality. Major Weber encouraged the men by his presence and coolness under the fire of the enemy. I refer to his report for the particulars of the engagement.

Inclosed herewith find reports of the commanders of the several

