
regiments and the battery of the brigade; also list of the killed and wounded and missing.* I am unable to speak of what was done by the other regiments of the brigade, as they were detached from it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. A. MOWER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Major W. DEAN COMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14.

Report of Major Robert A. Gillmore, Twenty-sixth Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH Regiment ILLINOIS VOLS.,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit the following report of this regiment, under command of Major R. A. Gillmore, during the engagement on September 19, near Iuka, Miss.:

Were ordered forward from the road into a corn field,t here to extend the line to the right, by General Stanley in person. After holding this position for about three-quarter of an hour Captain Temple Clark, assistant adjutant-general, ordered us to move by the right flank, file left, into the woods in front of our former line; then move by the left flank forward to the brow of hill, where we remained during the night. Kept skirmishers in front of our regiment all night. One lieutenant (J. b. Brown, Company K) was wounded in the hip by a spent ball. George Hall, private, Company K, was slightly wounded by a spent ball. Philip Hill, private, Company K, wounded by a ball passing through the back of the left hand and through the right wrist. Andrew Hughes and Charles J. Pekins, privates, Company G, slightly wounded with spent balls.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. GILLMORE,

Major, Commanding Twenty-sixth Illinois Volunteers.

E. A. TUCKER, Adjutant.

Numbers 15.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William A. Thrush, Forty-seventh Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. FORTY-SEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Camp near Jacinto, Miss., September 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Forty-seventh Regiment of Illinois Volunteer Infantry in the battle of Iuka, fought on the evening of the 19th instant:

Arriving at 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 19th within 4 miles of the town of Iuka, we heard indiscriminate firing in front, and proceeded in line of march by the flank to within 3 miles of the town, where our column was halted. At 4.20 p. m. heavy volleys of musketry and cannonading were heard in front, and immediately my regiment

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

