
was ordered forward in double-quick time, following the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers. Arriving near the scene of action the Forty-seventh Illinois formed in line of battle on the left of the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, when, by direction of General Stanley, my regiment was ordered to the front, to take position on the side of a hill and on both sides of the road leading to Iuka, and hold it, and not to attack the enemy, which position I occupied until about 2 o'clock on the morning of the 20th instant. At that time, by order of General Rosecrans, the right of my regiment was thrown tot he rear in continuation of a line formed by the Thirty-ninth Ohio, and we remained in that line until about 5.30 o'clock, when we were ordered to proceed with the First Brigade into the town of Iuka. From the town we joined int he pursuit of the rebel army, following, and although we were all the time under fire opportunity did not offer to give the steady, cool, and soldier-like bearing of both officers and men of my command while occupying a position in which we were continually annoyed by the fire of the enemy without being able to respond to any purpose. We captured First Lieutenant Shehan, of the First Missouri Cavalry.

I append list of casualties* and submit this report for your consideration.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. THRUSH,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Forty-seventh Illinois, Vol. Infty.

Colonel MOWER, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division.

Numbers 16.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Lucius F. Hubbard, Fifth Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTH REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Camp, September 22, 1862.

I have the honor to report that during the action of the 20th instant, near Iuka, Miss., the Fifth Regiment Minnesota Volunteer Infantry was detailed, by order of Brigadier-General Stanley, to guard the train of transportation wagons belonging to the division and was not brought into action. The regiment remained upon the duty assigned it as above until the morning of the 21st instant, when it was moved tot he breast-works near Barnett's, by order of General Rosecrans.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. F. HUBBARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Fifth Minnesota Volunteers.

Numbers 17.

Report of Major Andrew J. Weber, Eleventh Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,September 22, 1862.

COLONEL: In regard to the part taken by the Eleventh Missouri Volunteer

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

