
Infantry in the battle fought it Iuka, Miss., September 19, I have to report the following:

During the day the regiment had marched, as the third regiment had marched, as the third regiment of the Second Brigade, immediately in rear of the Third Division, Army of the Mississippi, commanded by General C. S. Hamilton. The enemy was first engaged by General Hamilton, but they were in such force that General Rosecrans deemed it necessary to order forward our brigade, which he did in person. For some reason the regiments in front of us did not move forward, and, by order of Colonel Mower, commanding the brigade, I immediately ordered my regiment to advance, which they did, taking the double-quick step and cheering vociferously. I advanced to General Hamilton's line of battle, and, hearing heavy firing on the extreme right, I hastened on in that direction. Owing to the density of the woods and briers immediately on the right of General Hamilton's, I formed in the open field on the right, and then moved forward in line of battle. Immediately on entering the woods we found ourselves face to face with the Fourth Mississippi Brigade and not more than thirty paces from their line of battle. We fired a volley into them, which must, in consequence of our close proximity, have done great execution. At this juncture a man ran into our ranks exclaiming: "For God's sake, stop firing into your own men; you are firing into the Thirty-seventh Mississippi." This information was promptly answered by a cheer and a volley more terrific than the first. The firing now became general on both sides, and the smoke of our and the enemy's. We were charged upon three different times, and I am proud to report that each time the charge was equally unsuccessful. In several instances the enemy was received on the point of the bayonet and then shot off, and others were shot by officers, who placed their pistols in their very aces. A number of prisoners were taken who pressed into our lines, five by my color guard alone. After about an hour's firing the enemy fell back to the top of the ridge. When I found that my ammunition was entirely gone I reported the fact to Colonel Mower, who had just learned that and attempt was being made to turn our left flank, and he ordered us to fall back slowly, which we did in order for about eight or ten rods. The enemy did not follow. We received ammunition and remained in our new position until morning.

During the engagement we had 7 men killed, 64 wounded, and 3 missing.* Our loss was thus small from the fact that our men were below the enemy and they overshot us.

I could not speak too highly of the conduct of every officer and man of my command. I would desire to mention them by name, but brave and gallant conduct on the part of our officers was so universal that I cannot attempt it. Captain Singleton, one of our best officers, was, I regret to say, very dangerously, if not mortally, wounded, while bravely doing his duty. Lieutenant W. W. Cleland, of the same company, who was acting regimental adjutant, was badly hurt by the fall of his horse, which was shot under him. Lieutenant Osgood, of Company I, was badly wounded while encouraging his men. Captain Warner and Lieutenants Cowperth wait and Foster were slightly wounded.

Respectfully submitted, by your, obedient servant,

A. J. WEBER,

Major, Commanding Eleventh Missouri Volunteers.

Colonel JOSEPH A. MOWER, Commanding Second Brigade.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

