
Numbers 18.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel George W. Robbins, Eighth Wisconsin Infantry.

CAMP NEAR JACINTO, MISS., September 22, 1862.

I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken in the late engagement by the Eighth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, near Iuka, Miss., September 19:

I was ordered with my regiment by General Stanley to take up a position in rear of the hospital, to support Captain Spoor's battery, which was posted on rising ground on my right and rear, my right resting on the road. We held this position during the engagement, exposed to a heavy fire from the infantry in our front, by not very destructive, as most of the shots passed too high. There were only two men wounded during the action (Captain J. B. Redfield and Private John C. Green), both of Company A. Our regimental surgeons, S. P. Thornhill and J. E. Murta, were actively engaged at hospital taking care of the wounded of other regiments.

Yours, respectfully,

G. W. ROBBINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Eighth Wisconsin Regiment.

Colonel JOSEPH A. MOWER, Commanding 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 19.

Report of Captain Nelson T. Spoor, Second Iowa Battery.

CAMP NEAR JACINTO, MISS., September 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report of follows of the battery under my command in the action of September 19:

On the arrival of the brigade the battery was ordered by Major Colman to take position on the right of the road leading to Iuka, prepared to open fire if the enemy drove back our infantry in front. The battery remained in this position until 12 p. m., when, by order of Colonel Smith, it retired 600 yards, being replaced by Powell's battery.

Corpl. A. Atkinson and Privates William Eckles and Robert Rose were slightly wounded by spent balls. Three horses received flesh wounds, but were not disabled. The ambulance attached to the battery was engaged during the night in removing the wounded from the field, and six blankets were taken by the hospital department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. T. SPOOR,

Captain, Commanding Second Iowa Battery.

Lieutenant SPRAGUE, A. A. A. G., 2nd Brigadier, 2nd Div., Army of the Miss.

Numbers 20.

Report of Brigadier General Charles S. Hamilton, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, with congratulatory orders.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,September 23, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that my division, the First Brigade leading, marched from Jacinto on the morning of the 19th instant to

