
and manufacturing of arms, and from telegrams captured it appears that the machinery, tools, &amp;c., have been sent to Atlanta, Ga., the muskets to Grenada, Miss. Ruggles in command at Grenada; force estimated about 10,000. Dispatches from R. B. Lee, commissary, make headquarters at Tupelo.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

JUNE 21, 1862.-Expedition to Hernando, and skirmish at Coldwater Station, Miss.

Report of Colonel Benjamin H. Grierson, Sixth Illinois Cavalry.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS CAVALRY, Memphis, Tenn., June 23, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of your order of June 20, received at 9.35 p.m., with five companies of the Sixth Illinois Cavalry, Companies G, H, I, K, and L, 250 men, together with a portion of the Third Battalion Eleventh Illinois Cavalry, numbering 65 men, in all 315, I proceeded on a forced march to Hernando, Miss., distant 25 miles, to attack the forces reported to be there under command of Jeff. Thompson, and capture the train expected at that place that day.

We arrived at Hernando at 5 o'clock on the morning of the 21st, and found the telegraph wire had been taken down, and that Thompson had moved his forces to Coldwater Station, distant 12 miles from Hernando. Upon making a thorough search of the town and vicinity I succeeded in arresting four of Jackson's cavalry. From there I concluded to move immediately upon Coldwater Station and Bridge, and attack the forces reported to be there, 400 strong. I left in Hernando as a rear guard a detachment of the First Illinois Cavalry, who numbered 25 men, under the command of Lieutenant Lindsay, who had reported to me after our arrival, and whom I ordered to follow us to Coldwater Station in a half hour after our departure. We pushed rapidly forward toward Coldwater Depot, hoping to reach that point before the train would leave. When within three-fourths of a mile of or to do right of the station, hearing the whistle of the locomotive, we moved still more rapidly to intercept if possible the train at a point south and beyond the station, sending at the same time 30 men to attack the guard said to be at Coldwater Railroad Bridge, 1 1/2 miles north of the station. Unfortunately we were a few moments too late to capture the train upon which Thompson was leaving, but not too late to charge with impetuosity the rebels assembling at the station to attack us, of whom we killed 3, wounded 7, and captured 9, together with their arms, horses, and equipments. Among the wounded was a lieutenant, who was endeavoring to escape upon General Jeff.'s favorite horse, which was killed in the engagement. In the mean time the detachment which had been dispatched to the bridge upon their arrival there found it burning and the enemy on the opposite bank fleeing. Our men fired upon and wounded several of them, and captured one on the bridge, who we presume applied the incendiary match. Finding that it was impossible to stop the flames or cross the bridge, which was totally destroyed, the detachment rejoined my command at the station. Here, upon searching the depot, we found about 15,000 pounds of bacon, a quantity of lard and forage, which we rolled out, piled up, and set on fire, and saw

