
little front the fiercest of the battle was waged. Colonel Boomer was cut down by a terrible wound, but his regiment held their ground undismayed. The Fifth Iowa, under its brave and accomplished Matthies, held its ground against four times its numbers, making three desperate charges with the bayonet, driving back the foe in disorder each time, with every cartridge exhausted, it fell back slowly and sullenly, making every stp a battle ground and every charge a victory. night alone closed the contest, and left us in possession of the field so bravely won.

For a detailed report of the operations of each regiment I respectfully refer you to the reports of subordinate commanders, herewith submitted.

I am indebted for able and cheerful assistance rendered by Brigadier-General Stanley, whose division (with the exception of one regiment, the Eleventh Missouri), being in rear, could not take an active part. General Stanley had come to the front and tendered his serviced. To the commanders of brigades, Brigadier General J. C. Sullivan, whose personal exertions and bravery contributed very largely to our success,a nd to Colonel J. B. Sanborn, who, in this his first battle, exhibited a coolness and bravery under fire worthy a veteran, I am greatly indebted. These commanders (Stanley, Sullivan, and Sanborn) I cordially commend to the favorable notice of the Government. The reports of brigade and regimental commanders do justice to those who were conspicuous in this daring contest. I cordially unite in all they have said, and were it in my power would do personal honor in this report to every hero. To my personal staff I am under the deepest obligations. Captain R. M. Sawyer, assistant adjutant-general; Captain D. P. Allen, assistant commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant E. T. Pearce,a nd W. F. Wheeler, aides-de-camp, bore my orders through the thickest of the battle. Intelligent, capable, and brave, their gallant conduct is worthy of and will receive the honor rightly their due. My division surgeon, J. E. Lynch, was unceasing in his efforts in his own department, and to his energy and skill the greatest credit is due for the prompt and efficient care of the wounded. Captain Allen, in carrying orders along the line, came upon one of the enemy's regiments; but by his coolness and courage escaped from a murderous fire, though with a terrible wound. Lieutenant Wheeler received a slight but honorable wound while bearing orders in the face of the enemy. Captain Borcherdt, commanding my personal escort, did excellent and gallant service in rallying men to their standards. He was seriously hurt by the fall of his horse. Much of the time I was without a single officer of my staff, and was forced to send messages by orderlies. Two of these, Corporals White and Hill, did excellent service, and I beg to commend them to the notice of the general commanding. To the commanders of the batteries, Lieutenant Sears and Lieutenant Immell, the highest praise is due for unyielding bravery and the skill with which their pieces were handled. Lieutenant Sears was severely wounded, and left his guns only when his officers, men, and horses were nearly all killed and disabled, and when the battery was fairly in the enemy's hands.

In closing this report I shall be permitted to embody this summary:

On the 19th instant my division marched 19 miles,fought a desperate battle with seventh regiments against a rebel force under General Price of not less than eighteen regiments, and won a glorious victory, lying at night on their arms on the field their valor had won, and the following morning chased the feeding enemy for 15 miles, until worn out with labor and fighting and famished for want for want of food, the pursuit was discontinued

