
continued only when the powers of nature were exhausted. The records of war may well be challenged to produce a victory under circumstances and odds so desperate. No words of mine can add luster to the brilliancy of this victory, and no award of praise given tot hose who were miles away from the battle-field will detract from the glory just due tot hose heroes who won this audacious victory.

The fearful list of killed and wounded in the few regiments actively engaged shows with what heroism and desperation this fight was won. I say boldly that a force of not more than 2,800 men met and conquered a rebel force of 11,000 on a field chosen by Price and a position naturally very strong and with its every advantage inuring to the enemy.

A list of casualties is herewith submitted. It is known that 263 rebel bodies were buried on and near the field. All their severely wounded, numbering over 400, fell into our hands. The number of able-bodied prisoners who fell into our hands is large. I report, with the greatest satisfaction, but 26 missing from my command. Over 800 stand showing that the rebels are not wanting in this essential means of making war. The dead of my division number 135, the wounded 527, and the missing 26. Of my staff and escort, officers, wounded, 4; private, killed, 1. Total, 693.*

Respectfully submitted.

C. S. HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

Lieutenant Colonel H. G. KENNETT, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., ARMY OF THE MISS.,

Numbers 13. Jacinto, Miss., September 23, 1862.

The general commanding the division offers his most sincere congratulation to the brave men under his command for the victory won by their heroism and daring over the combined forces of the rebel General Sterling Price, near Iuka, on the 19th instant, against more than treble your number, on a difficult and unknown battle ground, chosen by the enemy, with every advantage on his side. You have fought with a heroism and desperation which wrested from our enemy a glorious victory. The history of this was show thus far no record of such prowess. It is a record which bears the stamp of truest heroism. To the commanders of brigades, General J. C. Sullivan and Colonel John B. Sanborn; to the commanders of regiments, batteries, and to each and every hero of his command the general of the division tenders his heartfelt and grateful thanks.

To the brave dead we will offer the tribute of sacred memory, and to the wounded our tender sympathy and love. Henceforth we know what we can do, and let us swear that, by the blessings of God, we will do and dare until this unholy rebellion shall become as dead as the rebels who sleep under the sod of the battle-field of Iuka.

By command of Brigadier General C. S. Hamilton:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

