
port which no doubt will accompany this, will embody all the essential facts connected with the regiment after I left the field.

Considering that it was the first time the regiment had been under fire and that it was outnumbered four to one by the veteran troops of the conduct may be deemed satisfactory, though not in all respects what I could wish. To the officers especially much praise is due. They were prompt in the execution of every command, attentive to ever duty, and remained with their mend, encouraging them by word and example, to the last. To Lieutenant-Colonel Rugg I am under especial obligations. He gave me every aid and assistance while I remained on the field and contributed much to the order and good conduct of the men. His gallantry was conspicuous at every point of danger. I take pleasure in also mentioning with approbation the conduct of Adjutant Stanfield, and particularly that of Sergeant-Major Ellis. Other especial instances of meritorious conduct on the part of commissioned officers and enlisted men deserving notice will doubtless be mentioned by Colonel Rugg in his report.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

NORMAN EDDY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Colonel SANBORN, Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div.

Numbers 23.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel De Witt C. Rugg, Forty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

The regiment was speedily reformed on the right of the road on which the battery was placed. Here Townsend and Captains Byrkit and Wilson rendered valuable assistance. Order being restored in the regiment, I held it in waiting for the orders of a superior, not feeling authorized to move it at my own discretion; but not being called upon for further service I moved it off the field in good order at the close of the battle. I may add that, considering the unusual fierceness of the fire of grape and musketry to which particularly the right wing was exposed in the position assigned it, it is not strange or discreditable to the men that they withdrew, knowing as they certainly did that it was impossible go withstand the murderous concentration of the enemy's fire upon it.

I take great pleasure in mentioning the name of Lieutenant White, commanding Company G, for the cool courage he displayed during the battle. He deserves great credit for his gallantry. Newton Bingham, first sergeant Company F, was also among the foremost of those who displayed remarkable bravery. There are other non-commissioned officers and privates, whose faces I remember well but whose names I cannot now recollect, who deserve and will receive advancement for their good conduct.

The regiment went into the battle 434 strong. Our loss was 37 killed, 56 wounded, and 8 missing.

Respectfully submitted.

D. W. C. RUGG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel SANBORN, Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p. 78.

---------------

