
heavy volleys of musketry in our rear beyond Fort Johnson, when the musketry suddenly ceased, which was followed by cheers, which I am confident was from the rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FISK,

Captain, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Major THOMAS B. JAYNE,

Commanding Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

No. 23. Report of Lieutenant Norman P. Farr, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., Morris Island, S. C., August 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from headquarters I have the honor to submit the following report:

I had one boat's crew selected, Sergeant Bennett, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, cockswain; Privates Thomas Cassiday, Jonas Miller, Thomas Ray, and Daniel W. Turner, oarsmen; and the following-named men of Company A, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, viz: Sergt. N. B. Hedden, Sergt. I. E. Finch, Sergt. J. S. Linn, Corpls. Thomas W. Aregood, J. B. Russell, Peter Allabach, S. W. Taylor, and Privates Henry Barnes, John Brown, James Brown, F. E. Carman, George B. Carey, James Countrymen, Lewis Cilfris, William Cilfris, William T. Delzell, George S. Dash, Frederick H. Deicil, Samuel Everett, F. Grumm, George Greenawalt, John Huntsman, Henry Hopes, William Hypher, Michael Keef, Daniel Learch, F. S. Lape, Henry S. Mast, Thomas McGail, William L. Millham, N. P. Morgan, John F. Miller, Albert J. Meeker, George S. Peirce, Lorin D. Rozell, P. Riter. F. Souder, William Simons, John M. Taylor, John R. Wiley, E. O. West.

I embarked in the No. 1 boat of the first division, Fifty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, and was to take the lead and maintain the position if possible. If anything should happen that the leading boats should get fast on those mud bars the other boats were to pass. We embarked at the left batteries, about 10 p.m., and proceeded to Paine's Dock. We lay there until 2 a.m. July 3, when I was ordered by Lieutenant-Colonel Conyngham to start out on the advance. I started, and when about half way between Paine's Dock and Fort Putnam my boat struck on the bar. The next boat came up and I told them I was fast, and if they came on they would get fast. Colonel Conyngham was in the boat, and came up alongside, but did not run aground, his boat being lighter draught than mine. He said he could not pass me, as I had the guide with me. I told him the tide would float me off in a few minutes, and it did. I passed on to the point where we were to turn to the left, made the turn, went about 50 yards, when I was halted by Colonel Conyngham. He said he was not going to charge those works with two or three boats, and said we should fall back near the shore and wait there for the remainder of the boats to come up. I

