
seized the woods and open country for about three-fourths of a mile. During the afternoon a force of some 200 of the enemy showed themselves in our immediate front on both sides of the main road. As there were indications of an advance on their part, I sent out Captain Laughlin, of the One hundred and fourth pennsylvania Volunteers, with a detachment of sharpshooters, who quickly drove them from the hedges and ditches they were behind to the woods a half mile beyond. To make my position secure for the night, I placed two Napoleon guns in battery at the bridge, and dug a line of rifle-pits from the road to the edge of the swamp covering our left and rear. General Hatch and staff came to the front shortly after dark, when he assumed command.

On Wednesday morning, the 6th instant, while at the picket-line examining the position a piece of artillery the enemy had brought down hand by the explosion of a shell, which compelled me to go to the rear. I placed Colonel P. P. Brown, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, in command of my brigade, who will make a report of its subsequent operations. It affords me pleasure to return my thanks to Major Place, One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant McCoy, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, serving on my staff, for their efficient assistance. Lieutenant-Colonel Bennett, One hundred and second U. S. Colonel Troops, was temporarily attached to my staff, and I am also under many obligations to him. Before I left camp I organized a small battalion of sharpshooters, which I placed under the command of Captain Laughlin One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. They rendered the most valuable assistance, and on every occasion the conduct of Captain Laughlin and his officers and men was marked with great gallantry.

I remain, very respectfully,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Brigadier

Major E. L. ROGERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 26. Report of Colonel Philip P. Brown, jr., One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Infantry, of expedition to John's Island and skirmishers.

HEADQUARTERS 157TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS, Folly Island, S. C., February 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular received February 13, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part sustained by this regiment in the late expedition into Seabrook Island:

The One and fifty-seventh New York Volunteers left camp on the evening of Sunday, February 7, with 173 armed men, 10 cooks, 4 stretcher-bearers, 10 pioneers, 3 hospital attendants, 3 detailed as orderlies; total, 203 men, commanded by 1 field, 2 staff, 3 line, and 4 acting officers; total force, 213. In accordance with orders from brigade headquarters, the regiment proceeded to Stono

