
favorable positions, and a reserve of 30 kept in the rear. At midnight orders were received for the withdrawal of the line, which was effected noiselessly and in good order, and the regiment rejoined the brigade between 1 and 2 a. m. It then marched on the left of the brigade from the scene of as action, and reached camp at 4 p. m., Friday, February 12.

I have to report William Pierce, Company I, mortally wounded in the skirmish of the first day, and J. Quick, Company I, not seriously; also M. B. Sheldon, missing (supposed to have strayed away on the last night to sleep). He is half-witted.

Our men report having seen 1 rebel captain killed (who was afterward decently interred) and 1 rebel wounded, besides several carried off by their comrades. They captured 3 rebels. One horse, 3 carbines, and 3 sabers were taken by us.

I have to transmit herewith the report of Lieutenant Gates, commanding our force of skirmishers.

P. P. BROWN, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding 157th New York Volunteers.

Captain J. M. BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ames' Brigade.

Numbers 27. Report of Lieutenant Colonel William Ames, Third Rhode Island Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Department of the South, of destruction of blockade-runner Flamingo.

OFFICE CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Morris Island, S. C., October 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that at daylight on October 23 a large side-wheel iron steamer with two smoke-stacks was discovered ashore opposite Battery Rutledge, Sullivan's Island, she having run on a shoal at that point during the night. This vessel was painted lead color, was very long, and appeared to be of light draught. She is probably of about 700 tons burden. The first shot fired at her was from the picket monitor: Fort Putnam opened at the same time with two 30-pounder Parrotts, striking her on the quarter at the second short. This was the first shot that struck the blockade-runner from either army or navy. Battery Chatfield opened with a 300-pounder Parrott; the third shell from this gun passed through the starboard wheel-house into the vessel and exploded, tearing the wheel and wheel-house all away and breaking up a large portion of her works amidships. Fort Strong opened with three 10-pounders, striking her many times in the hull and on her decks. The navy also kept up a fire upon the vessel from two monitors, doing the steamer much damage.

The name of this vessel was the Flamingo; she was no doubt running into Charleston at the time of getting aground. She now lies a complete wreck. This vessel was distant form Fort Putnam 2,700 yards, from Battery Chatfield 2,600 yards, and from Fort Strong 3,500 yards.

The following amount of ammunition was expended in destroying this steamer: Fort Putnam, 30-pounder shell; 378; 24-pounder shell,

