
Bayley answered, "The Edwin Lewis;" that instead of turning back, the said Bayley passed with the transport and the troops on board beyond the sentry and about 1 mile farther into the lines of the enemy, although he distinctly heard the alarm given by the rebel sentry; which act of criminal thoughtlessness endangered his whole command, put the enemy on guard against their intended surprise, and contributed greatly to the loss of the steamer Boston. This at the Ashepoo River, S. C., on or about the 25th of May, 1864.

To which charge and specifications the accused pleaded as follows:

To the 1st Specification, "Not guilty."

To the 2nd Specification, "Not guilty."

To the 3rd Specification, "Not guilty."

To the 4th Specification, "Not guilty.

To the CHARGE, "Not guilty."

FINDING.

The court, having maturely considered the evidence adduced, finds the accused, Colonel Thomas Bayley, as follows:

Of the 1st Specification, "Not guilty."

Of the 2nd Specification, "Not guilty."

Of the 3rd Specification, "Not guilty."

Of the 4th Specification, "Not guilty."

Of the CHARGE, "Not guilty."

And the court do therefore acquit him, the said Colonel Thomas Bayley, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops.

II. The proceedings and findings in the foregoing case of Colonel Thomas Bayley, Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, having been submitted to the major-general commanding, are hereby approved.

Colonel Thomas Bayley, Ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, is accordingly released from arrest and restored to duty.

III. The court-martial, of which Colonel P. P. Brown, jr., One hundred and fifty-seventy Regiment New York Volunteers, is president, is hereby dissolved.

By command of Major General J. G. Foster:

W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HILTON HEAD, June 11, 1864.

GENERAL: This department was so thoroughly cleared out by General Gillmore that I find, in addition to the force being very small, that there is a lack of boats, horses, and material for engineering purposes. I am planning to make the best of everything, and will soon, I hope, be in a condition to operate on the offensive with some effect. As many of the regiments, especially the new colored ones, are sadly deficient in drill, I have ordered them collected into a camp of instruction at this place. I will soon make something of them.

We made a strong demonstration on James Island a week ago, but found the works too strong to attempt in front. There are small chances of succeeding in an attempt on James Island, except by a surprise. But if I only had men enough to make the venture, I am sure that I could succeed by landing on the mainland in the rear of

