
Carolina to Alabama line (of which over 6,000 are artillery in position), not one company of which can be withdrawn without exposure to enemy's penetrating lines of defense of Charleston or Savannah before i could concentrate to meet him. Over 6,000 are cavalry, 2,000 of which are in Florida; rest defending lines of communication between this and Savannah, and thence with Florida, so vital at this juncture; 3,000 are light and siege artillery, leaving about 15,000 infantry now in Florida or en route, Except barely enough for weakest possible supports and pickets for works on John's, Sullivan's, and James Islands and at Savannah, every man I can spare with hope of safety has been ordered to Florida and Savannah. I trust the handsome victory at Olustee, officially reported this morning, is but the earnest of what can be done to cripple the enemy in this department, and I shall then be in position to send General Johnson at least 8,000 troops of all arms at an early day.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

His Excellency President JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CHARLESTON, February 26, 1864. (Received 9.30, 27th.)

General Finegan reports yesterday that his advance forces had occupied Baldwin, enemy having retreated to Jacksonville. He will be dislodged if possible.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 26, 1864.

No additional news from Florida. All quiet here; enemy shelling city as usual; damage slight. General Hill telegraphs he will be here to-morrow. I will leave same evening for Florida. General Anderson not yet reported. I do not know where he is.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General Richmond, Va.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 27, 1864.

Prisoners report that it was the U. S. ship of war Housatonic, twelve guns, which was sunk on night 17th instant, by the submarine torpedo-boat, Lieutenant Dixon, of Alabama, commanding. There is little hope of safety of that brave man and his associates, however, as they were not captured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

8 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

