
CHARLESTON, September 1, 1864.

I am very anxious to have Basinger's battalion (Eighteenth Georgia) for duty here. Can I get it? It is well instructed in use of heavy guns, and I have not artillerists enough to man the city batteries. I am apprehensive of an early naval attack.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 30. Extracts from Journal of Operations in Charleston Harbor, January 1-21.*

January 1.-The first day of the new year commences with a heavy norther, which has caused the frigate Wabash to drag her anchor nearly a mile from its original position. The day was one of unusual quiet, not a gun on either side having been fired. In the afternoon the enemy were observed to be hauling two guns from Oyster Point to Battery Gregg. With this exception no movement could be seen on Morris Island.

January 2.-To-day was again one of unusual quiet. Not a gun was fired until about 1 p. m., when Battery Tatom exchanged a few (6) shots with one of the enemy's works on Black Island. The enemy appear to be busily engaged at Wagner and at Gregg. An embrasure bearing in the direction of the city is being opened. At 11 a. m. a gun-boat and a tug (the former with three barges and the latter two barges, both filled with men and in tow) were observed coming from a reconnaissance of Dewees' Inlet. This would appear to indicate some movement in that quarter. The work on Long Island (opposite Secessionville), recently reported, was examined to-day from a point about half a mile distant. Only one face could be seen, the remainder being masked by trees ad hillocks on Morris Island. It appears to be a carefully finished work with a large magazine, and the flank seen runs parallel with the creek from Secessionville, but no guns are visible. The rear opening toward Folly River is closed, and it is not yet determined whether this creek. Colonel Elliott reports that an 8-inch columbiad was placed on the bern, and can be taken off to-night on a flat.

January 3.-There was no firing whatever last night, and until about 3 p. m. to-day our batteries were silent, except Battery Tatom, which about noon exchanged a few shots with Black Island. During the night the enemy placed a heavy Parrott gun, supposed to be a 100-pounder, in the embrasure recently opened at Gregg. At 3.20 p. m. this gun and two at Battery Cumming opened on the city and fired 12 shells, of which only one-half exploded. Batteries Marion, Simkins, Cheves, and the battery near headquarters (Fort Johnson) returned the enemy's fire, and continued for about half an hour after the enemy had closed. Captain Adams, 6 officers, and 100

---------------

*Continued from Vol. XXVIII, and embodying the daily reports received under General Beauregard's orders of July 15, 1863.

---------------

9 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

