
men from the Sixth, Nineteenth, Twenty-third, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments, last night relieved Captain Butt and the same number of men and officers on duty in Fort Sumter. A 24-pounder was shipped from this work last night, but owing to the heavy sea on the north wall it was impossible to bring away the 8-inch columbiad. Colonel Simonton reports that Private Thomas Williams, First South Carolina Cavalry, went on Battery Island to-day without orders and with 2 of the enemy, but whether as a deserter or prisoner is not known. The enemy have at Port Royal to-day 2 steam frigates, 2 sloops of war, 1 steam cutter, 4 wooden gun-boats, and 101 transports. The following is reported to be the number of shots fired by our batteries to-day: Simkins, 11; battery near Fort Johnson, 6; Fort Johnson, 2; Cheves, 10; Marion, 11.

January 4.-From the rain and fog it has been impossible at any time to make out the number and character of the Federal fleet off the harbor to-day. During the past night batteries on both sides have remained silent, but at 10.20 p. m. the enemy opened on the city from Battery Cumming and fired 14 shells at intervals of from five to ten minutes. Our works on James and Sullivan's Islands responded vigorously and, as usual, closed with the enemy's cessation of fire. Seven of the shells thrown into the city failed to explode. At about 5.15 p. m. a party of the enemy in a barge, taking advantage of the dense fog, made a reconnaissance and approached within about 500 yards of Battery Beauregard, when the sentinel reported it. A gun was immediately fired, but before a second could be discharged the boat disappeared in the fog. It is not thought she was struck. The following is reported as the number of shots fired by our batteries in action to-day: Brooke gun battery, 14; Simkins, 14; battery near headquarters (Fort Johnson), 3.

January 5.-Both the enemy's batteries and ours were silent during the night and continued so the entire day. The Ironsides, four monitors, and the usual number of wooden vessels are among the fleet off the harbor and at Port Royal. No change of importance is noted. Working parties can be seen on Morris Island, who appear to be chiefly engaged in keeping their batteries in order. At Gregg, however, an embrasure bearing on James Island, which has been recently closed, was to-day reopened, as well as a new one in the southwest angle bearing in the direction of the city. Reports from the Stono are unimportant. There was some activity among the vessels there, but no change occurred worthy of note.

January 6.-Weather to-day was stormy and the atmosphere hazy, which has prevented accurate observations of the movements of the Federal fleet. The number in the harbor, however, was ascertained to be about the same as usual, and at the mouth of the Stono are twenty-six vessels, including the Pawnee and a very large steamer. battery Simkins was the only work in action on either side during the entire day, and fired two 10-inch mortar shells against a party near Battery-Gregg. The 8-inch columbiad at Sumter, which has been awaiting shipment for several days, was brought away last night, at which time, also, Captain Groves, 6 officers, and 100 men from the Nineteenth, Twenty-third, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments relieved Captain Tidwell and the same number of officers and men of the Sixty, Nineteenth, Twenty-seventh, and Twenty-eighth Georgia Regiments, on duty at that post. The commanding general received to-day a communication from Flag

