
Officer Tucker, commanding afloat, stating that in consequence of the desertion of 5 men with a boat from the receiving-ship Indian Chief certain charges would be made in the signals of the Confederate harbor guard-boats.

January 7.-Nothing worthy of note occurred to-day. The enemy's batteries as well as our own remained silent, and not a shot was fired from daylight to dark. Except a few small parties repairing some of the works on Morris Island, no movements were observed among the enemy. The fleet remains about the same.

January 8.-The number and position of the Federal fleet remain unchanged. There was no firing last night, and during the day but a few shots were exchanged. About 11 a. m., Battery Simkins opened upon Battery Gregg. The latter did not reply until about 1.30 p. m., when it responded and the action was maintained on both sides until about 3.30 p. m., which time both works closed. Our Sullivan's Island batteries were generally silent. The Brooke gun battery and Battery Rutledge, however, fired--the formed 1 and latter 5 shells-at parties of the enemy engaged in repairing the chevaux-de-frise around Battery Gregg. General Hagood, commanding Seventh Military District, James Island, telegraphs that Captain Behre, post commissary, reports that the meat rations at his depot have entirely failed, and that the commissary, Major Molloy, assistant to chief of subsistence, informs him that he cannot be supplied to-morrow, and does not know when he will be able to do so. Four officers and 20 men belonging to the enemy's blockading squadron were captured yesterday under the following circumstances: The steamer Virginia Dare, from Bermuda, in attempting to run the blockade into Wilmington was discovered and chased off. Finding escape impossible, she was beached at about 12 m. yesterday on the Waccamaw beach, at a point some 12 or 15 miles north of Georgetown entrance. The vessel was then fired and the officers, crew, and passengers made their escape. The enemy, in attempting to reach her in barges, encountered a very rough sea and were capsized. Three of the men were drowned. The remainder succeeded in reaching the shore and surrendered to Major William P. White, 1 officer and 1 private, without firing a gun, though with arms in their hands. The prisoners were brought to this city.

January 9.-The enemy have off the harbor the Ironsides, 4 monitors, 2 mortar boats, 3 gun-boats, 2 tugs, and 10 sailing vessels. Very little of interest occurred to-day. Only a few shots were fired form Battery Gregg against Fort Johnson. No damage was inflicted, and the latter work did not reply. All of our batteries were silent the entire day. The commanding officer of Battery Marion reports the reason he did not fire was the want of 10-inch mortar shells. About 11 a. m., one of the batteries on Cumming' Point opened upon the city with two guns, and at midnight was still firing slowly at intervals of about one-half an hour. But little activity was observed among the troops on Morris Island. The work previously reported on Long Island (opposite Secessionville), nearest to the Stono River, is of considerable length, and extends on each side of the causeway; the other work to the south of Dixon's Arm is quite small, and will contain some two or three guns. The tents on Cole's Island appear to have largely increased; in fact, the island is said to be white with them, while tents on Folly Island seemed to have diminished materially. General Hagood reports that a flag of truce was sent to the enemy to-day with a package from these head-

