
quarters. Colonel Elliott reports that this night the steamer left the Fort Sumter wharf without a proper head of steam, and drifted with the tide below the fort. His attempt to call the attention of the signal and telegraphic operators was unsuccessful for twenty minutes. Additional report from the Stono: Twelve pickets returned from Horse Island about 11 o'clock. About 200 men left the camp on Cole's Island and took the road leading to the batteries, but only 50 came to the works on Long Island and commenced operations. There are 16 schooners, 1 brig. 1 bark, 4 transports, and 1 tug-boat in the Stono and Folly Rivers. Two large transports are off the bar. One gun carriage and limber have been recovered.

The other carriage we have failed to secure in consequence of the parting of the rope. Captain Walpole says he will [send] for another rope and hopes then to succeed. He has had the creek searched carefully and the guns are not to be found.

January 10.-As stated in yesterday's journal, the enemy commenced shelling the city at 11 o'clock last night, firing at intervals of about thirty minutes. After 18 shots had been thrown they ceased at 6 a. m. One shell fell short and 9 failed to explode. There is no material change reported in the Federal fleet except the departure to the southward of one monitor. During the morning batteries on both sides remained silent, but at 3.25 p. m., the enemy opened on the city with three guns from Cumming's Point, firing occasionally the three at the same time and again at intervals of from one to three minutes. Twenty-eight [shells] in all were thrown, when the enemy ceased at 4.35. Fifteen shells did not explode. Batteries Rutledge (with 16 shells), Brooke gun battery (5 shells), and Simkins (with 17 shells) replied to the enemy's fire, and closed soon after the enemy ceased. A reconnaissance has just been made of Dewees', Capers', and Rattlesnake Inlets. The only indications of the enemy's operations were the discovery of two buoys, which are thought to have been placed merely to indicate the position of shoals.

January 11.-Lieutenant Kemper, with 38 artillerymen, last night relieved Captain King and 40 men from duty in Fort Sumter. During the night there was no firing whatever. Only three monitors are visible among the Federal fleet off the bar. In the morning there were a few exchanges of shots between the batteries on Black Island and our works in the vicinity of Secessionville, and at meridian the hill battery on Morris Island fired one or two shots in the direction of James Island, but soon ceased, as did also the other works. At this time a river steamer was observed towing to the southward a mortar hulk. Until 3.35 p. m. the enemy's as well as our batteries remained silent, when Battery Cumming opened with a light rifled gun upon the city and fired at rather longer intervals than usual until 9.58 p. m., by which time 88 shots had been thrown in the direction, but not into the city, as 85 fell short. This must have been an experiment trial. The result was very satisfactory to us. The shells used are said to have been of the kind known as Wiard shells. Battery Simkins, the works near headquarters (Fort Johnson), and the Brooke gun battery were the only batteries in action to-day, and fired, respectively, 1, 8, and 5 shots. No perceptible effect was produced on the enemy's works, and their fire against us was equally harmless.

January 12.-The weather to-day was damp and foggy, so that no accurate observation of the Federal fleet could be taken. One of the monitors, however, appears still to be missing. Last night a

