
quantity of scrap iron, pieces of shells, &amp;c., was brought to the city from Fort Sumter, and a 42-pounder smooth-bore, which has recently been disinterred from the ruins, lies on the berm ready for shipment. During the day there was but little firing form our batteries, the only one in action being Simkins, whence 22 mortar and 14 8-inch columbiad shells were fired against Battery Gregg, which replied with 13 shells, but, as usual, inflicted no damage. One private, however, was severely wounded with a fragment of shell. This was the only reported casualty on our side during the day. About 1.30 p. m., the enemy opened a vigorous fire upon the city with several guns at or near Battery Gregg, using shells similar to those fired yesterday, but with somewhat more effect. At midnight the bombardment was still progressing. By this time 138 shells had been fired, and of these 87 feel short. The fuses used with these projectiles appear to be of a better quality, as but few failed to explode. The damage done to the city, however, was inconsiderable. At about 7 p. m. (during the bombardment) a house in Lightwood alley, three doors east of Meeting street, was set on fire. It was fortunately discovered by an officer of the First South Carolina Artillery, who succeeded in extinguishing it. In doing so, however, he was shot at by some unknown person in the vicinity, and from this it would appear that the fire must have been the work of an incendiary. Major J. R. Robertson, commissary on Sullivan's Island, reports that the troops on that island were without meat on the 4th, 5th, 9th, and 10th instant.

January 13.-Rain and mist to-day have concealed to a great extent the enemy's fleet, both in the Stono and off the harbor. It is now determined that the light Parrott guns with which the enemy have for the past few days been shelling the city are situated at the foot of the scarp of the main work at Battery Gregg. As reported in yesterday's journal, the enemy were shelling at midnight. This was continued the remainder of last night at regular intervals, and during this day have maintained a steady bombardment of the city, firing about once every five minutes. At 12 midnight the bombardment is unabated, and up to this time 244 additional shells have been fired in the direction of the city, 112 of which fell short. Our batteries have remained silent. Not a single shot is reported to have been fired by them to entire day. The shells used by the enemy are very light-believed still to be the Wiard pattern.

January 14.-The bombardment has been incessant for the last twenty-four hours, and up to 12 midnight they had thrown 203 shells, 27 of which fell short. Fire at the corner of East Bay and Board streets was observed at 11 p. m., and was extinguished in about an hour. To-day the enemy was observed moving the small Wiard gun from Battery Cumming and placing instead a larger one. Two companies with battle-flag were seen moving down the beach to their camps. During the late foggy weather the fourth monitor again came inside the bar and the frigate Wabash disappeared. Fleet off the bar reported as 5 in sight-1 sloop of war, 1 gun-boat, light ship, 1 bark, and 1 schooner. In Stono and Folly Rivers are 19 schooners, 4 steam transports, 2 gun-boats, 1 brig, and 1 bark. One gun-boat is in North Edisto River. On Horse Island 4 or 5 of the enemy, apparently pickets, are to be seen on the edge of the river. They have had to-day at the west end of Long Island, in front of Secessionville, a working party, up to which a man on horseback was seen riding (the first mounted man observed on that island). Our batteries have been

