
River. The Federal fleet in Port Royal is as follows: Eighty-two sails, 2 steam frigates, 2 steam sloops of war, 1 steam cutter, 5 wooden gun-boats, 4 ships, 4 barks, 2 brigs, 52 schooners, 7 ocean and 5 river steamers, and 3 tugs. Three vessels reported in Winyah Bay, about 7 miles below Battery White. General Trapier promises to reconnoiter on the 21st instant, so as to ascertain if there are troops on board. Battery Simkins fired 15 mortar shells against Cumming's Point during the day. Effect unknown. Wind very high, making it very uncomfortable, at least for vessels outside the harbor.

January 20.-Pawnee came up the Stono about 10 a. m. and remained below the obstructions about three or four hours, then returned to her usual anchorage. About 30 Yankees observed throwing up a causeway leading to Horse Island. At 8.30 a. m., enemy ceased their continuous fire upon the city, having in nine days and seven hours thrown 1,500 percussion and Wiard shells. At 12.45 p. m., Yankees opened on city again with one Parrott gun, firing fused shells, and later in the day they commenced against with percussion shells. Whole number thrown for the last twenty-nine hours, 80, of which one-half fell short. The Ironsides, 4 monitors, 1 ship of war, 3 gun-boats, 1 mortar hulk, 3 tugs, 2 barks, 3 brigs, and 6 schooners are inside the bar, and 5 light-ships, 1 sloop of war, 1 gun-boat, 1 bark, and 1 brig are off the bar. Two shots were fired at Sumter, both of which missed. In Port Royal Harbor are 84 sails, 2 steam frigates, 2 steam sloops of war, 1 steam cutter, 5 wooden gun-boats, 4 ships, 4 barks, 2 brigs, 48 schooners, 8 ocean and 5 river steamers.

January 21.-The enemy have been discovered throwing up what appears to be a considerable earth-work on Dixon's Island, near observatory. It is now 7 feet high. They are also at work on what seems to be an earth-work on Long Island, next to Cole's Island, at foot of bridge on Green Creek. A steamer, supposed to be the Planter, is lying in left mouth of the creek known as Schooner Creek, opposite Campbell's house. Ten 30-pounder Parrott shots fired at Secessionville from the battery on extreme end of Little Folly Island. All fell short from one-quarter to one-half a mile. At 3 p. m., they again fired 4 shots from same battery, of which 2 fell short and 2 passed over, 1 striking just in rear of batteries on eastern flank of the post. About 25 or 30 Yankees have been all day working at their causeway leading to Horse Island. Two gun-boats, 4 transports, 20 schooners, and 1 bark in Stono and Folly Rivers. In Port Royal the fleet remains about the same as heretofore, 84 sail in all. Gun-boat shelled the pickets at Hog's Neck and then returned to her anchorage off Bay Point. Two schooners under way, outward bound. The number of vessels in Light-House Inlet to-day was very much diminished. Only 32 shells were fired at the city to-day.

Numbers 31. Report of Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S., Army commanding First Military District, of operations May 13-16.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, Charleston, May 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: At about 11 o'clock on the morning of the 13th instant, one of the enemy's monitors was observed slowly approaching to

