
During the period embraced in this report, and within two days thereafter, three of the enemy's monitors off the port left for the southward, one arriving during the same time. One of those which left was that which suffered most severely in the action of the 16th. The distance of their usual anchorage rendered it impossible to distinguish whether either of the others had been engaged, though from the number of times our shot had taken effect, it is quite probable that all of those which were in action had been damaged to such an extent as to send them off for repairs. It is to be regretted that the position of the merlons was such as to have limited our offensive power to such an extent, and that the elevating apparatus for the heaviest gun (a 10-inch rifle) would not allow it to be used with full effect when the enemy were within its field of fire. I shall endeavor to have the defects rectified.

Accompanying this report I have the honor to transmit the reports* of Major William S. Basinger, Eighteenth Georgia Battalion, commanding Sullivan's Island, and Captain T. A. Huguenin, First South Carolina Infantry, commanding batteries engaged. Both these officers are entitled to credit for preparation of their commands.

Referring to those reports for other details, and concurring with Major Basinger and Captain Huguenin in their mention of other officers named therein, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 32. Reports of Brigadier General Beverly H. Robertson, C. S. Army, commanding Second and Sixth Military Districts, of operations July 7-10.

ADAMS' RUN, [July 8, 1864.?]

The enemy are advancing in heavy force across John's Island. I have sent all my available force to Captain Parker's assistance. Cannot troops be thrown across Stono form James Island?

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General SAMUEL JONES.

JOHN'S ISLAND, July 9, 1864.

Attacked the enemy, who was expecting me, at daylight this morning, and am driving him at all points; have passed the line of works he occupied yesterday; our casualties heavy.

ROBERTSON,

General.

Major STRINGFELLOW.

---------------

*For Basinger's report, see p. 264, and for Huguenin's, see p. 271.

---------------

