HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD, July 9, 1864-10 a. m.

The enemy has destroyed the bridge over causeway in his front. While he may not withdraw he cannot be dislodged without great loss of life. The casualties this a. m. are about 100. If sufficient force is sent to make a separate flank movement where artillery can be used we can drive him to his boats. Saxby's is doubtless the point coveted. There is a wharf at Grimball's.

ROBERTSON,General.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW.

JOHN'S ISLAND, July 9, 1864-12 m.

Deserters report two brigades in my front, commanded by Hatch and Brown. There are nine regiments. They anticipated a forward movement, but for check this morning. Have sent deserters to you and can give much information. Hatch has been wounded.

ROBERTSON,

General.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JOHN'S ISLAND, Jul y 9, 1864.

Enemy massed large force on my left; a feint, I think. He may attempt to turn my right wing, which with his large force is practicable. Enemy has five days' rations issued.

ROBERTSON,

General.

Major General STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS, July 9, 1864-6.45 p.m.

I have this moment returned from visiting my lines, and form the movement of the enemy I am satisfied his object is to make a permanent occupation of his present position. The force is much larger than I at first supposed, and I should not be surprised if an assault was made upon me in the morning. Form casualties, sickness, &amp;c., I am much reduced, but I think he will find a warm reception. I came very near assaulting his second line (beyond causeway) this morning, but am glad from developments that I did not. It is generally believed that the enemy will attack us to-night. I must either be re-enforced considerably or I must withdraw my lines. From letters which I will send you there are not less than nine Federal regiments on John 's Island. I will write fully to-morrow if I can. it is now getting dark. I send over one of the Stono scouts, who will answer all the questions contained in your dispatch. We need many things here, and especially wagons to haul forage from Rantowles. Will you send me four temporarily? The cavalry and artillery horses are failing for want of food. Can you not

