
send me the calvary from Georgetown and the Rebel Troop? I think the enemy is preparing to erect batteries. Mr. Whaley, by whom I send this, can tell you. The troops fought nobly to-day. Our casualties were heavy, as were the enemy's.

I sent you a deserter this evening who can give you some information. He says they came with ten day's rations. I also sent you a letter this morning; will send others to-morrow. I write in haste. Please tell me what arrangements are to be made, as my men and horses are suffering form overexertion. Signalling is a slow process; there must be something wrong. I have sent a man over to direct the fire from Battery Tynes. It is getting dark.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. H. ROBERTSON,

Brigadier-General.

Major General SAMUEL JONES,

Commanding.

P. S.-Let wagons come by Rantowles and bring forage from that point.

B. H. R.

JOHN'S ISLAND, July 10, 1864-11.10 a.m.

My advance is at Grimball's. Enemy's pickets just beyond. Have ordered a reconnaissance. gun-boats command the road beyond Grimball's. I think the enemy is abandoning the island, as their last position was a very strong one.

ROBERTSON,

General.

General JONES.

JOHN'S ISLAND, July 10, 1864-9.35 p. m.

My artillery cannot attack wooden gun-boats, monitor lying above them. Major Jenkins gone over to see you. Will reconnoiter Seabrook Island instanter.

ROBERTSON,

General.

General JONES.

JOHN'S ISLAND, July 11, 1864-10 a. m.

All enemy's troops left John's Island. pawnee, two iron-clads, and one transport between Grimball's and Legare's Point. Shall re-establish my lines and return with artillery to Adams' Run.

ROBERTSON,

General.

Major STRINGFELLOW.

HDQRS. SECOND AND SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICTS, July 14, 1864.

MAJOR: Information having reached me that a large Federal force had occupied John's Island, I have the honor to report that on the afternoon of Thursday, 7th instant, I left this station and proceeded direct to Church Flats, where I halted until after midnight. Colonel Kemper, returning from the front, reported that

