
on the same afternoon the enemy had made several assaults on our lines, all of which were handsomely repulsed by the troops under command of Major R. A. Wayne, First Georgia Regulars, in the temporary absence of Major Jenkins. A report of that engagement is herewith inclosed.

Learning that a renewal of the attack was anticipated early next morning, I immediately ordered forward the Fourth Georgia Cavalry (dismounted), under Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, and pushed on with my staff. having been informed that re-enforcements would be landed during the night at Townsend's (opposite Fort Pemberton), I at once resolved to attack the enemy and prevent his fortifying the position then held, commanding our works on James Island; but an accident to the steamer prevented the arrival of the troops.

About 2 p. m. on the 8th, Colonel G. P. Harrison reported with the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment, and Bonaud's battalion of Georgians. Having reconnoitered the enemy's position, and finding him strongly posted and intrenched, both in front and rear of Burden's Causeway, and knowing that a perfectly practicable road, not exceeding 5 miles, led around his left to the rear of his second line, I determined to detach Colonel Harrison's command to execute this flank movement, while with the remaining force i would attack in front. I submitted my plan to the several commanders summoned for the purpose, and after a thorough discussion of the ground by Captain Walpole and others acquainted with the country it was fully concurred in. Half past 3 o'clock was the hour selected, and signal rockets were distributed to insure unanimity of action. Unfortunately the ambulances, medical stores, and ammunition wagons of Harrison's brigade had been sent around by Church Flats and did not arrive until next morning. I was thus compelled to abandon a movement form which I had every reason to expect the most splendid results.

I then gave the necessary orders for assaulting the enemy's works at daylight, placing Colonel Harrison's brigade in front. The remaining force-consisting of the First Georgia Regulars, Fourth Georgia Cavalry (dismounted detachment), and three companies of Thirty-second Georgia Regiments--I placed under the orders of Major John Jenkins, with instructions to support Colonel Harrison. Owing to the nature of the ground but little artillery could be used. The line of attack was quietly and rapidly formed, and the alacrity displayed in their preparations for a forward movement reflected great credit upon those gallant Georgians. They had advanced but a few hundred yards when our line of skirmishers encountered the enemy, who fired and immediately fell back. With shouts of defiance and amid the deadly bullets of the foe our brave men pressed steadily drove them in confusion to their second line, beyond Burden's Causeway.

Our loss, though heavy, would have been much greater but for a thick fog and the density of the atmosphere, which prevented the smoke from rising. A dense forest skirted the enemy's front lines, which enabled him to carry off under cover many of his dead and wounded, as was clearly evinced by the few prisoners. Our occupation of his front line completely thwarted the enemy's plans, as it secured to us the elevated ground between Burden's Causeway and

