
Numbers 33. Report of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, C. S. Army, commanding Sixth Military District, of operations February 8-12.

HDQRS. SIXTH MIL. DIST., DEPT., OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., February 13, 1864.

GENERAL: The night of Monday, the 8th instant, the enemy landed in force on Kiawah Island, forded the estuary between that and Seabrook Island, crossed from this point. Their objects were two, I think-one, general, to make a reconnaissance in force, and the other, special, to destroy the battery lately erected at Grimball's, on the right bank of the Stono River. Their object may have been also to drive your forces from other points.

The intelligence of the movement was received at Adams' Run at 12.30 p. m. on Tuesday, the 9th instant. I immediately dispatched orders to Colonel Tabb, at Church Flats, and to Colonel Page, at John's Island Ferry, to re-enforce Major Jenkins with all their available force, leaving only enough for guards and to support the heavy batteries. Colonel Tabb crossed immediately at the bridge, and Colonel Page was delayed only by the totally inadequate ferry.

The infantry already on John's Island and the Marion Battery (one section being already with Major Jenkins) were also ordered down, and I dispatched Charles' battery all the cavalry I had been, 64 men, under Captain Whilden, form this place; and in the evening, accompanied by Lieutenant-Colonel Harrison, of the Fourth Regiment Virginia Volunteers, who ordered three companies of that regiment from Meggett's and Young's Islands, I followed in person to Church Flats, and thence about 11 o'clock on the morning of the 10th overtook our force fronting the enemy in line of battle on the Bohicket road, just below Dr. W. Jenkins', about a mile above the Haulover. We had two batteries (Charles' had just reached there), about 200 cavalry, and 550 infantry. Colonel Page and Major Jenkins both reported the force of the enemy as at least 2,000. Before I had time to reconnoiter or make any observations, the enemy were reported to be flanking us on the left. They were distinctly seen deploying their infantry in a heavy forest on a line with our left, while shelling with our left, while shelling with two pieces on our right and four on the left in front. I instantly ordered my forces to fall back to a triangle in the roads called the Cocked Hat. Above that point took position and sent back for all may reserve at Adams' Run, for three more companies of the Fourth, and for the working parties at Pineberry and Willstown. The companies of the Fourth, and for the working parties at Pineberry and Willstown. The companies of the Fourth and Forty-sixth Regiments Virginia Volunteers vied with each other in the rapidity and promptitude of their marches, and they reached me, to their honor, hours before I expected them; but they were much rest-broken and fatigued from night marches and without any rations except a short supply of bread. The men of Major Jenkins also were severely worn from fighting and marching two days and nights. I cannot speak too strongly of their gallantry and the cool and sagacious bravery of their heroic commander. With but about 150 men, composed of the Stono Scouts, the Rebel Troop, the Cadets, and Sullivan's company of cavalry, one section of the Marion Artillery, and one company of infantry (Captain Jennett's company) of the Fifty-ninth Regiment Virginia Volunteers he held the whole force of the

