
enemy in check; fought and back some 2 or 3 miles only, and in turn drove them back nearly the whole distance by such repeated, charges all day Tuesday that he made them fear he was supported, and he held his ground manfully until night, when he was re-enforced by Colonel Tabb with a battalion of the Fifty-ninth Virginia Volunteers and a section of the Marion Artillery. Before Colonel Tabb arrived he attacked the enemy at night and stunned him to a pause, capturing 4 prisoners almost within his line of encampment.

In the morning of the 10th, they were re-enforced by Colonel Page with five companies of the Twenty-sixth Virginia Volunteers, who took command, and was under fire in the attack again when I came up and ordered the retreat on Wednesday, the 10th. The enemy on that day made no advance, and on the morning of the 11th, they had advanced only a few hundred yards to the position we had left the day before.

In the mean time you had ordered up General Colquitt with two and a half regiments, and my own infantry force had increased to about 1,000 men, when the enemy began to advance, at first slowly, up the Bohicket and Mullett Hall roads, and then rapidly to the Cocked Hat. I made the best dispositions I could, when General Colquitt and Colonel Harris arrived. In the act of showing them the ground I had chosen the enemy came up, and at the same moment one regiment of General Colquitt arrived. I placed my right on the Bohicket River, across the Bohicket road, and extended my line across the open field on a ditch back to the woods on my left, and through them to the Legareville road. I gave the command of the right to Colonel Page, with portions of the Twenty-sixth, Forty-sixth, Fifty-ninth, and Fourth Virginia Volunteers, and the left to General Colquitt, with his regiment of 900 Georgians. Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper commanded the artillery. I placed one section of Charles' battery on the right between the Bohicket road and river, the Marion Battery in front immediately on the left of the road, and the other section of Charles' battery to protect the rear and left flank.

Major Jenkins had been ordered in the morning to reconnoiter the left and rear of the enemy across the Bohicket, on Wadmalaw, which he and Captain G. D. Wise, assistant adjutant and inspector general, did, and in Major Jenkins' absence the calvary were disposed on the right and left. By the time this alignment was made the enemy appeared in the field, and the Marion Battery at 3.20 p. m. opened upon them at about 1,200 yards distance, when they fell back to th woods, at about 1,500 yards distance. The artillery practice was very efficient in everything expect the friction primers. Three-fourths of them at first failed. The enemy soon replied with (I thought) three pieces only, but one of their positions was concealed by a hedge-row, and after their retreat I found they had two positions for field pieces--one on the right and the other on the left of the road. A section of Charles' battery also opened from our right, and was very effectively served. In one hour and twenty minutes their fire began to slacken and be more distant, firing as they retired. By 5 p. m. their fire ceased. We were 4 miles from the Haulover. They had about 1 1\2 miles the start of us, and I at once determined not to follow them, for the following reasons:

10 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

