
tiously that it was not until daylight that his withdrawal was discovered. For fear, however, that the enemy might be determined to hold a permanent footing on John's Island, I ordered on 12th instant (see orders) one regiment from James Island and one regiment from Sullivan's Island, together with two batteries (four 8-inch seacoast howitzers and two 32-pounder Parrotts of the siege train on James Island), to be sent forthwith to the assistant of General Wise, to be crossed over from Fort Pemberton by a small steamer which had been mean time ordered into the Stono for the purpose of communicating freely with John's Island. While these were en route, information having reached these headquarters that the enemy had retired form John's and Seabrook Islands, they were recalled.

Special attention is called to the well-deserved compliments paid by General Wise to Major Jenkins and Captain Humphrey, who are fully entitled to promotion by their resolute gallantry. The former has shown himself a most reliable officer, who has already more than once attracted my attention by his judgment, promptness, and efficiency. He has infused into his small force force that confidence which has much increased its usefulness and gallantry.

General Wise's promptness in ordering to the front to oppose the enemy all his disposable troops, and his conduct in repairing in person to the post of danger, meets with my cordial approval. His firmness in confronting the foe at every available pint until Colquitt's troops arrived to his support deserves high commendation. With such alacrity, determination, and daring the enemy can never gain a great or permanent advantage over us, and must in the end retire discomfited to the barren sand-banks and islands in his possession.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

ADAMS' RUN, February 9, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Major Jenkins reports that the enemy advanced from Seabrook Island this morning about daybreak, in force about five to his one, and are constantly pressing him back. They are using artillery. Most of our wounded are left on the field. Captain Humphrey wounded in two places. I ordered Fifty-ninth and Twenty-sixth to re-enforce instantly, posting a strong guard at John's Island Ferry. Have sent all of may reserve cavalry and Charles battery; Parker's already there.

Respectfully,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure No. 2.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 9, 1864.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,Commanding Sixth Military District, Adams' Run:

Your dispositions are approved. It is probably a reconnaissance in force of enemy. Colquitt will keep three regiments in reserve at Saint Andrew's Depot until 12 m. to-morrow.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

