
In no other part of the department can re-enforcement be obtained at present without exposing to imminent danger the portion thus weakened. I shall order at once Major-General Anderson to return here immediately the two regiments of Wise's brigade and the one of Evans's, and as soon as practicable thereafter recall also Colquitt's brigade.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, April 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Bragg.

By order of Adjutant and Inspector General:

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY CONFEDERATE STATES, Richmond, April 28, 1864.

Respectfully returned to Adjutant-General.

The changed state of affairs in this department renders action on this application unnecessary.

BRAXTON BRAGG,General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, April 16, 1864-9.15 p. m.

Colonel Simonton reports that the enemy were busy on Dixon's Island to-day. A working party were engaged behind the battery behind the battery in some way which could not be discovered. Another party were at work building a road apparently along the line of rifle-pits fronting James Island. Still another party were at work in the woods directly opposite our second post, from Battery Island, apparently constructing a battery. Men could be seen in pretty large numbers with wheelbarrows and a wagon, and they were digging dirt. Nothing else could be observed.

W. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Seventh Military District.

General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. 7TH MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., James Island, S. C., April 16,1 864.

CAPTAIN: When I telegraphed yesterday evening that the enemy had landed in force on Battery Island, I quoted the exact language of Colonel Simonton's report, which, as he has told me since, was based upon the report of the picket officer to him. He thought that a serious demonstration was intended. I wish to explain in this way why I used an expression which conveyed to the commanding general an entirely exaggerated idea of the strength of the enemy.l

