
(Third South Carolina Cavalry); the German Artillery, Captain Wagerer; Orleans Light Battery, Captain Le Gardeur; battalion North Carolina Volunteers, Captain McCauley. To make these fractions more available, these, with such troops as I deemed two commands, under Colonels Harrison and Rhett, and occupied certain positions in support of the lines.

On the 7th, Colonel Harrison with his troops was ordered to John's Island, and on the 8th, I assigned Colonel Rhett to the command of the west lines.

It efforts me pleasure to testify to the gallantry and determination displayed by officers and men. The lines in advance of our batteries were shelled unremittingly for eight days and nights by monitors throwing 15-inch shells, and grape and canister by gun-boats and mortar hulks and by the enemy's land batteries on Long and Dixon's Islands, yet there was not the slightest demoralization or confusion produced. The troops employed on this duty, and which deserve to be particularly noticed, consisted from time to time of detachments of the Second Carolina Artillery, including the detachment under Captain Dickson, from Fort Johnson; the Thirty-second Georgia, First South Carolina Cavalry, First South Carolina Infantry [regulars], and Kirk's and Peeples' squadrons South Carolina Cavalry, and Bonaud's battalion Georgia Volunteers; and the officers commanding them were Colonel Harrison, Thirty-second Georgia; Major Manigault, siege trading; Lieutenant-Colonel Bacon, Thirty-second Georgia; Major Bonaud; Major Blanding, First South Carolina Artillery; Captain R. Press. Smith, First South Carolina Infantry; Captains Dickson, Warley, Rivers, Witherspoon, and Burnet, First South Carolina Infantry; Humbert, Stallings, Kennedy, Second South Carolina Artillery; Porcher Smith, siege train, and Trezevant, First South Carolina Cavalry.

At the Stono batteries the officers and men behaved with gallantry under fire and deserve special mention. The officers are Major Lucas, commanding, and Major Blanding, First Sough Carolina Artillery; Captain Hayne and Richardson, Lucas' battalion, and Rhett and King, First South Carolina Artillery; Lieutenant Ogier, Martin, Reveley, Lucas, Ford, Lucas' battalion and Stuart, First South Carolina Artillery, Lieutenant Ogier is particularly mentioned for his gallantry. The batteries at Fort Lamar, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, and those on the southern lines under Captain Legare, did good service during the continuance of these operations, as did the light batteries under the command of Captain Wheaton.

I desire to record my appreciation of the energy and vigilance displayed by Colonel Black, commanding east lines, not only during these operations, but ever since he has been intrusted with his important command; to acknowledge the excellent discharge of his important duties by Colonel Frederick, commanding west lines, and to testify to the energy and ability which was manifested by Colonel Rhett, commanding reserve troops and subsequently west lines. I have already alluded to the services rendered by that capital officer, Colonel Harrison, and the brilliant affair of Fort Johnson speaks for itself of the ability of its gallant commander, Lieutenant-Colonel Yates. To the members of my staff-Captain Page, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Cunningham, ordnance officer, and

