
Meade, aide-de-camp-I am particularly indebted for the faithful discharge of their duties, and to Surgeon Lebby, senior surgeon of district, and his corps of assistants.

I estimate the loss of the enemy at not less than 700, including 141 prisoners, while our loss was 25 wounded and 10 killed and died of mortal wounds, a list of which is appended.* I estimate the strength of the enemy to have been at least 8,000 in my front and on John's Island, and at one time between 4,000 and 5,000 on this island.

In conclusion, I trust it will not be regarded as improper in me to acknowledge and express my thanks to the major-general commanding for the rapid and, under the circumstances, the extraordinary concentration of troops and unhoped-for-re-enforcement placed from time to time at my disposal, and for the promptitude with which he directed my efforts to be seconded by the several staff departments.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, October 16, 1864.

The firing of yesterday and the report of the number and position of the fleet is as follows: Enemy fired 12 rifled shell at Fort Johnson, slightly wounding 1 man. Swamp Angel fired 3 shots at Haskell. Secessionville fired a few shots at the enemy's working party on long Island, causing them to cease. Four blockaders, 5 monitors, 5 steamers, and 6 sailing vessels off Morris Island;1 blockader and 4 sailing vessels less than yesterday. There are off Cole's Island, 4 gun-boats, 2 transports, and 10 schooners; in Light-House Inlet, 1 transport and 4 schooners; 3 transports less in Light-House Inlet than yesterday.

WM. B . TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 35. Extracts from Journal of Operations in the Seventh Military District, March 31-April 29.

HDQRS. SEVENTH MIL. DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA, James Island, March 31, 1864.

Copy of the reports of observation from the posts of Fort Johnson, Battery Haskell, and Secessionville from March 31 to April 8 [29], inclusive:

March 31.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports the firing at that post on the 30th instant as follows: Battery Cheves fired four 8-inch shells at a working party of the

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 128.

---------------

