
enemy at the Swamp Angel; effect unknown. Battery Simkins fired 18 mortar shells and 4 columbiad shells; effect unknown. The enemy fired 16 mortar and 4 rifled shells, doing no damage. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that the troops and batteries of his command were inspected to-day by Colonel Jones, of General Bragg's staff. Nothing observed in the direction of the enemy. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post to-day.

April 1.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports the firing at that post as follows: Battery Cheves fired 3 8-inch shells at a working party on the Swamp Angel; effect unknown. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post to-day. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post on the 1st instant.

April 2.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports the firing at that post on the 2nd instant as follows: Battery Simkins fired 1 shot at a transport; effect unknown. The enemy fired one 10-inch shell at Simkins, doing no damage. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that a party of the enemy at the Swamp Angel Battery were fired on three times from Haskell late in the afternoon, 1 shell striking the parapet without exploding. Another party approaching the work turned and retreated toward Morris Island at the first fire. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post on the 2nd instant.

April. 3.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from the batteries of that post to-day. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, and Colonel Graham, report all quiet at their several posts on the 3rd instant.

April 4.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing form the batteries at that post today. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports ham, commanding Secessionville, reports that all is quiet at that post to-any.

April. 5.-Reports of the above posts for the 5th are the same as on the 4th instant.

April 6.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from the batteries at that post on this date. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports a larger working party than usual appeared at the Swamp Angel Battery this afternoon (the 6th instant), and 4 shells were fired at them from Haskell, which caused them to withdraw. They appeared to have opened an embrasure on the front of the work toward Sumter. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post on the 6th.

April 7.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Battery Simkins to-day. Battery Cheves fired thirteen 8-inch shells at a working party of a the enemy on the Swamp Angel; effect unknown. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post to-day.

April 8.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Secessionville, reports the firing at that post as follows: Battery Cheves fired 1 shot; effect unknown. No firing from Simkins. The enemy

