
April 14.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday. The enemy did not fire, therefore no casualties. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post yesterday. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post yesterday.

April 15.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports the firing from that post yesterday as follows: Battery Cheves fired 2 shells at a working partly of the enemy at the Swamp Angel; effect unknown. No firing from Battery Simkins. The enemy did not fire. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that all was quiet at that post yesterday. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post yesterday.

April. 16.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding, &amp;c., reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday. The enemy did not fire. Major Campbell, commanding, &c., reports that a few rounds were fired from the mortars at Haskell yesterday, in order to get the range of the Swamp Angel Battery, instructions having been given through Colonel Gaillard to use them against that work whenever it could be done to advantage. Colonel Graham, commanding, &c., reports that all was quiet at that post yesterday.

April 17.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding, &c., reports that here was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday. The enemy fired 3 rifle shells at Cheves, doing no damage. Major Campbell, commanding, &c., reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post on yesterday. Colonel Graham, commanding, &c., reports that all was quiet at that post on yesterday.

April 18.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding, &c., reports that at here was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday; the enemy did not fire, therefore there are no casualties to report. Major Campbell, commanding, &c., reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post on yesterday. Colonel Graham, commanding, &c., reports all quiet at that post on yesterday.

April 19.-Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, commanding Fort Johnson, reports that all was quiet at that post yesterday. No firing form Batteries Simkins or Cheves; the enemy did not fire. Major Campbell, commanding artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post on yesterday. Colonel Graham, commanding Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post on yesterday. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that the enemy's tenets on Black Island had greatly decreased in number; thinks also that there are not so many on Morris Island. lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday; the enemy did not fire, therefore no casualties.

April 21.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports that all was quiet at that post yesterday. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday; the enemy did not fire. The number of vessels off the bar as follows: Off Maffitt's Gregg; the Ironsides and 3 monitors to the south of Battery Wag-

