
ner; at anchor and a little farther south 14 sailing vessels, apparently transportation and provision ships, 1 river steamer, 1 gun-boat, and 1 tug-boat; in all, Ironsides, 5 monitors, and 22 vessels. In Light-House Inlet there are 5 schooners and 2 river steamers. No alternation of tents either on Morris or Black Island.

April 22.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports that all was quiet at that post yesterday. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post yesterday. One of the mortars moved from Haskell by order of General Taliaferro. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing form Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday; the enemy did into fire. Also during yesterday there was no change in the fleet, nor any in the number of tents on Morris and Black Islands. This morning the haziness of the atmosphere is such that neither the fleet nor tents can be seen; there are about fifty more tents in view at 6.30 a. m.

April 23.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports all quiet at that post yesterday. At about 11 o'clock last night the music of a brass band on Big Folly could plainly be heard, and continued for about one hour, as if welcoming the arrival or mourning the departure of some favorite command or commander. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that yesterday the enemy's tents on Black Island appeared to be again increased. The 32-pounder rifled mortar was brought to Haskell to-day, but not mounted, the platform not being prepared. A few rounds were fired to-day from 8-inch columbiad at Haskell at a group of men at the Swamp Angel. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Battery Simkins yesterday. Battery Cheves fired 4 shots; effect unknown. The enemy did not fire. Also reports the number of the enemy's vessels off the bar as follows: The Ironsides, 5 monitors, 2 large packet steamers, and 14 other vessels; in Light-House Inlet there are 8 vessels, river steamers and small sailing vessels. No change in the number of tents either on Morris or Black Islands.

April 24.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports that no change has been observed at that post during the past twenty-four hours. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred on yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves on yesterday; the enemy did not fire. Also reports the enemy's fleet off the bar as follows: Off Morris Island, the Ironsides, 6 monitors, 4 gun-boats, 15 schooner, 1 river steamer,3 tug-boats, and 1 light-ship; in Light-House Inlet, 6 schooners, 3 river steamers. No change in number of tents either on Morris or Black Islands. This shows an increase of 1 monitor.

April 25.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports that nothing unusual has occurred during the past twenty-four hours. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred at that post on yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves on yesterday; the enemy did not fire. Also reports that the weather was so hazy yesterday that no observations could be taken of the fleet and of operations on Morris Island and Black Island. This morning the fleet can be discovered, but indistinctly; there is apparently no change since last report.

