
April 26.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports nothing unusual has occurred at that post during the past twenty-four hours. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that on the 25th instant the house on Morris Island known as Graham's was torn down by the enemy; about 8.30 in the evening two rockets were sent up from Morris Island. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports the enemy's fleet off the bar as follows: Off Morris Island, 6 monitors, Ironsides, 26 vessels, consisting of brigs, steamers, tug-boats, and schooners. No change apparently in the number of tents on Morris or Black Islands.

April 27.-Colonel Graham, Secessionville, reports that nothing of importance has occurred at that post during past twenty-four hours. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred on yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Nelson, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday; the enemy did not fire. Also reports the enemy's fleet off the bar as follows: The Ironsides, 6 monitors, 2 gun-boats, 14 schooners, 1 river steamer, 1 tug-boat, 2 blockaders; all the above lying at their usual anchorage. No change noticed in the enemy's encampment on Morris Island.

April 28.-Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, Secessionville, reports that no change of importance has been observed at that post during past twenty-four hours. Major Campbell, artillery, Section 2, reports that nothing unusual occurred on yesterday. Lieutenant-Colonel Simkins and Cheves on yesterday; the enemy did not fire. Also reports the enemy's fleet off the bar as follows: The Ironsides, 6 monitors, 2 tug-boats, and 22 other vessels, some 8 or 10 being steamers; in Light-House Inlet, 3 river steamers and 7 vessels, principally schooners. No change in number of tents either on Morris or Black Islands.

April 29.-Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Brown, Secessionville, reports that all was quiet during the past twenty-four hours. Lieutenant-Colonel Yates, Fort Johnson, reports that there was no firing from Batteries Simkins and Cheves yesterday. The enemy did not fire, therefore no casualties.

Numbers 36. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Elliott, jr., and Capts. Francis T. Miles, James M. Carson, Thomas J. China, S. H. Wilds, John C. Mitchel, Charles W. Parker, C. A. Willis, Thomas A. Huguenin, and Stephen D. Mobley, commanding Fort Sumter, of operations January 1-September 26.

SUMTER, January 1, 1864.

I have the honor to report the enemy fired two shots over us at sunset yesterday. Having done that he respectfully dropped his flag at the report of our evening gun. There are in sight this morning the Ironsides, 4 monitors, 2 wooden gun-boats, 3 tugs, 2 mortar-boats, and 15 sailing vessels inside; 3 blockaders and 1 schooner

