
152, of which 16 missed; mortar. 174, of which 96 missed; total, 326, of which 112 missed. Night fire: Parrott, 56, of which 23 missed; mortar, 4, of which 2 missed; total, 60, of which 25 missed. Received 18 more slaves to-night. The total working force is now 160 strong. Lieutenant Izard and Mr. Mathewes, of engineer department, reported for duty to-night. No casualties.

Saturday, 23rd (seventeenth day).- A small sand battery has been erected in front of the frame to the enemy's right and rear of Battery Gregg. It is suspected of mounting 30-pounder Parrotts. Fire to-day resumed upon the southwest and southeast angles. Day fire; Parrott, 188, of which 33 missed; mortar, none. No casualties. Began filling com[missary] casemate.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. JOHNSON,

Captain, Engineer in Charge.

Major W. H. ECHOLS,

Chief Engineer, South Carolina.

FORT SUMTER, July 26, 1864 - 8 p. m.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report for the nights of 23rd, 24th, 25th, and day of 26th instant:

Night fire: Parrott (30-pounder), 49, of which 17 missed. No casualties. Working force engaged all night on southwest and southeast angles. A small invoice of sand received.

Sunday, July 24 (eighteenth day).- Garrison details put to work filling lower casemate in southwest angle next to magazine. The arc and crest of wall over Major Blanding's former quarters in right center of gorge were brought down without any harm by a chance Parrott shell this forenoon. The masses fell on heavy log-covered roof of block-house used for negro quarters, and add to its security. The crest at this point remains some 25 feet above parade. Day fire: Parrott, 112, of which 18 missed. One enlisted man wounded. Night fire: Parrott, 53, of which 16 missed. The enemy seemed to have run out of mortar shells. The invoice of materials received by barges at night was very fair, but might have been much better had the steam-boat approached the wharf, as she could have done without risk to-night. The working force was engaged on repairs of southeast angle and north wall, also filling the southeast magazines. The garrison details to-day continued filling commissary casemate.

Monday, July 25 (nineteenth day).- Mortars recommended, also two 10-inch columbiads; firing from middle battery upon the southeast angle with a 100-pounder parrott. The effect of these last upon the angle to-day showed itself in a splintering and slight dislocation of the timber ceiling of the most easterly of the two magazines. The ceiling would probably have yielded and let down the whole mass above but for the heavy shoring truss I had put under it last winter. Some additional studs and braces were placed before daylight, and the filling continued. The garrison detail works now in two reliefs, three hours each, 40 men at a time, usually from 12 to 3 and from 3 to 6 p. m. The negroes work from 7 p. m. to 5 a. m. Since the fire has been slackened on the southwest angle there has been no more work done on exterior slope of the same, but the

