
exception of a desultory fire from the enemy's batteries on Morris Island, to which we replied with 12 mortar shells from battery Rutledge. The enemy's fire was as follows:

June 2.- Nine shots were fired at Fort Moultrie.

June 3.- Sixteen mortar shells were fired at Fort Moultrie.

June 6.- Nineteen mortar shells, 10 Parrott, three 10-inch columbiad were fired at Sullivan's Island.

June 8.- One Parrott shells fired at Fort Moultrie.

June 9.- Six 10-inch columbiad shells fired at Fort Moultrie.

On the 7th the steamer Fox safely entered the harbor.

On the 6th the Ironsides sailed north. Three 32-pounder rifle shots were fired from Moultrie, and one 8-inch rifle bolt and 1 canister from Battery Beauregard for practice, during the past ten days.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WILLIAM F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Sullivan's Island, June 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit report of current events for the past ten days:

June 10.- engineer boat was stolen by 2 men from Company C and 2 men from Company D, and with it deserted to the enemy.

June 13.- Fifteen monitors shots at Fort Moultrie and several at Batteries Rutledge and Beauregard.

June 15.- Seven shots at Fort Moultrie.

June 16.- Six shots at Fort Moultrie. Two rounds were fired from all the guns and mortars in this command.

June 17.- Twenty shots were fired at Fort Moultrie, five 10-pounder Parrott shells from deck of monitor at these headquarters. At about 9 p. m. a shot was fired from a monitor on picket; almost simultaneously 2 rockets were thrown up from same monitor, which was answered by 1 from Battery Wagner. Three blue lights were also observed from monitor, and shortly after a gun or guns were heard in a northeasterly direction; several colored lights were displayed. Lieutenant Iredell Jones, First South Carolina Artillery, with 22 men, thoroughly scouted Long Island and reported all quiet.

June 18.- A steam tug approaching the monitor on picket was fired at from Fort Moultrie (5 shots), when she retired.

June 19.- One 12-pounder English rifled and banded gun arrived and sent to battery Marshall. Two 10-inch columbiads have been dismounted at Battery Marion and removed to another position for remounting. One 7-inch Brooke gun has been mounted at Battery Marion. Brooke gun platform has been relaid.

Work done in last ten days: Platform relaid in vacant chamber, Battery Marion; merlon erected to shield gun in Marion from fire of Morris Island batteries; sodding cremaillere line at battery Marshall. Force of negroes employed in past ten days about 53 per day; all negroes discharged except 5 on June 18; laid out about 200 yards

