
of palisade work in front of Fort moultrie and Battery Rutledge; took up mortar platform on Battery Rutledge; built two well curbs for wells in chamber intended for 12 3/4 Blakely gun.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Sullivan's Island, July 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward diary of events during the last ten days;

July 12.- Steamer Fox went aground on Drunken Dick Shoal, but floated off and returned to the city at 1.40 a. m.

July 14.- Companies B and D, First South Carolina Artillery, returned from James Island.

July 15.- Three shots fired at Sullivan's Island; 54 mortar shells were fired from here at Morris Island.

July 16.- At 6 a. m. our batteries opened a heavy fire from mortars and columbiads on Morris Island, almost completely silencing their fire; 35 shots fired at Sullivan's Island.

July 16.- Twenty-five columbiad shells and 71 mortar shells fired at Morris Island.

July 17.- One hundred and fifty-eight mortar shells fired at Morris Island.

July 19.- Three shells fired at Sullivan's Island.

On 16th and 19th July two cabins were erected on Morris Island.

Accompanying, engineer's report.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Sullivan's Island, S. C., July 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of events for the past ten days:

July 20.- One shot fired from Beauregard Battery at steam-tug plying in that vicinity.

July 21.- Three shots fired from Beauregard Battery at a steam-tug.

July 22.- Three shots fired from Battery Rutledge at monitor on picket in front of that battery. Four shots fired from Batteries Bee and Marion at monitor. Steamer Fox passed out at 11.40 p. m. Two shots fired from Fort Moultrie at monitor.

July 24.- Steamer attempted to run the blockade but was driven off at 11.40 p. m.

July 25.- Steamers Druid and Prince Albert went out at 9.45 p. m.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

