
July 26.- Four shots fired at Moultrie from Morris Island. Company G. First South Carolina Infantry, 73 men and 3 officers, went from Moultrie to Sumter at 9 p. m. Gist Guard, Lieutenant Boag commanding, assigned to duty in place of Company G. Sullivan's Island opened slowly with mortars from Batteries Bee and Marion, throwing 31 shells; the enemy replied, firing 4 shots.

July 28.- Four shots fired at the island. Small steamer came within 3,000 yards of Battery Marshall and lowered small boat to take soundings, apparently. Before a gun could be trailed she left. Much communication between Folly Inlet and fleet. One officer and 40 men of Company F, First South Carolina Infantry, went to Sumter.

July.- About 10.30 a gun appeared above the parapet at Battery Gregg. Sullivan's Island opened briskly upon it and it was at once removed. The fired was kept up all day from columbiads and mortars, and during the night up to 1 a. m. with mortars. Eleven shots were fired at Battery Bee; 287 shots were fired from the island.

July 31.- The engineer has been employed throwing up and sodding covered way between Beauregard and Battery Rutledge, repairing mortar platforms in Battery Marion, and one columbiad platform in Battery Rutledge. Lieutenant White relieved and gone to Sumter on 30th.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant (in the absence of Colonel Alfred Rhett),

IREDELL JONES,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST SUB-DISTRICT, FIRST MIL. DIST.,Sullivan's Island, August 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of events for the past ten days:

August 10.- Thirty-nine shells fired at Morris Island from Sullivan's Island; 1 shell thrown at Battery marion from Morris Island at 3.30 a. m.

August 11.- One shot fired at Prince Albert wreck 11.30 a. m. Enemy kept up slow fire during day.

August 12.- Enemy fired 44 shots at Sullivan's Island; 33 shots fired at the enemy from Sullivan's Island.

August 13.- Enemy fired 5 shots at Sullivan's Island; 12 shots fired at enemy's tug-boat. One steamer ran the blockade and came in the harbor at 1.30 a. m.

August 14.- Twenty shots fired at Sullivan's Island from Morris Island.

August 15.- One 10-inch columbiad arrived at 1 a. m. to-day and was landed. Flag-of-truce boat was communicated with off Battery Marshall, bearing communications from Commodore Dahlgren to General Jones.

August 16.- Two shot fired from Morris Island at Sullivan's Island. The 10-inch columbiad that arrived on the 15th mounted.

August 17.- Ninety-five shots fired at Sullivan's Island by the enemy; 95 shots fired at Morris Island from Sullivan's Island; 10

