
shots were fired from rifled mortar, out of which 5 burst well. Sergt. E. P. Williams, of First South Carolina Infantry, severely wounded last night at 9 p.m., and 1 ambulance horse was so severely injured as to render killing him necessary. Twenty-six shots were fired from the 12-pounder rifled, 8 of which failed to take the groove, and 6 burst in the muzzle. Three 6-pounder iron field guns arrived.

August 18.-Three shots fired at Sullivan's Island.

August 19.-Twelve shots fired by enemy from Morris Island at Fort Moultrie. The injured 10-inch columbiad has been shipped.

Engineer work.-The force on the island have finished the battery at west end of cove, all except sodding it, which is now being done; also, that the battery for Blakely gun is in course of construction and well under way. They have also finished relaying the mortar platforms and nearly completed the sodding of inclosure to Battery Beauregard and covered way between the latter and Battery Rutledge; platforms along covered way completed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Sullivan's Island, August 30, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of events during the last ten days:

August 20.-Fourteen shells fired at this island. About 8.30 p.m. small-arms were fired from Fort Sumter, also from picket-boat between Gregg and Fort Sumter. The triple-banded Brooke gun was dismounted, and with its carriage and chassis removed from the chamber.

August 21.-Lieutenant De Saussure, with detachment of Company I, First Carolina Artillery, left for Battery Ramsay.

August 22.-Seven shots were fired at this island.

August 23.-Forty-six shots fired at this island. Steamer Fox went to sea.

August 24.-One hundred and twenty shots fired at this island. Steamers Druid and Syren went to sea. A gale passed over Battery Marshall, blowing down company quarters and lookout; 1 man, Company B, First South Carolina Infantry, killed, and 3 slightly wounded. Steamer General Whiting grounded in front of Fort Moultrie, but succeeded in getting off in a short time, returning to the city. One hundred and fifty-five shots were fired at Morris Island.

August 25.-Ten shots fired at this island. Heavy salute fired from fleet at sunrise and sunset. Sergeant Anderson, Company C, First Artillery, killed by a shell. The carriage and chassis of the tipple-banded Brooke gun arrived.

August 26.-One shot fired at the island.

August 27.-Sixty-five shots fired at this island; 21 shells fired at Morris Island from 12-pounder rifle; 2 shells missed the grooves; 20 mortar shells fired from this island.

