
August 28.-Twenty-two shots fired at this island. At about 9 p.m. a rocket was thrown up from main, opposite Battery Marshall.

August 29.-Twelve shots fired from 12-pounder rifled. One mule (Government) killed. At 8.15 p.m. musketry firing was heard on the southeast angle of Fort Sumter, followed shortly afterward by heavy explosion between that place and Battery Bee, supposed to be that of a torpedo. Fort Sumter signaled "attention to signals." Ten shots fired at this island; 24 shots fired at Morris Island.

August 30.-Three bales cotton found on the beach by some men of Company I, First South Carolina Artillery. Seventy-four shots fired at Sullivan's Island; 57 shots fired from Sullivan's Island. Flag-of-truce boat went out from Sullivan's Island at 6 and returned at 8.30 p.m.; 3 shots were fired at her from Morris Island batteries; a fragment of shell struck the boat, but did no damage. A steamer run in and went up to the city at 1.15 a.m.

August 31.-Three shots fired at Sullivan's Island from Morris Island; 2 shots fired from Sullivan's Island at Morris Island. Steamer attempting to run in got aground and sunk 4 miles from Battery Marshall.

Engineer department has completed the battery for tipple-banded Brooke gun and removed 1 mortar from one part of Battery Rutledge to the extreme right of same battery. They have also been assisting, in cutting sods and sodding, and commenced a traverse and magazine in half bastion of Beauregard Battery.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Sullivan's Island, September 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of events for the past ten days:

September 1.-The enemy signaled from nearest monitor all night with rockets and lights. Two shots were fired from the fleet.

September 2.-A steamer ran safely in at 1 a.m. Tipple-banded Brooke gun mounted in first subdivision.

September 3.-At 10.30 a.m. a steamer went down the harbor with a flag of truce, and was met by one from the fleet, and returned to the city at 1.30 p.m. At 8.30 p.m. the steamer General Whiting went out. Failing to show any signal, she was fired into by the picket on the beach, when she displayed the proper lights. She is supposed to have been discovered by a barge lying about 1,000 yards in front of Battery Rutledge, as the barge fired 2 volleys of musketry and threw up rockets as she was passing. A steamer ran the blockade at 12.30 a.m.

September 4.-Three men of Company H, First South Carolina Artillery, deserted; supposed to have gone to Rabun County, Ga.

September 5.-A drummer boy of First South Carolina Infantry accidentally drowned. The steamer Druid run in and anchored off Battery Rutledge for some time, waiting for a light to be placed on the grillage in front of Fort Moultrie previous of passing in. She

