
was soon discovered by a large lying off Battery Rutledge, which by firing musketry and signaling soon directed the enemy to her position. The batteries opened fire upon her, firing 39 shots at her. She passed in safety at 12.30 a.m.

September 6.-The enemy fired 15 shots at Moultrie and 2 at Battery Bee. At 12 m. the picket monitor showed signals and threw up 4 rockets.

September 7.-Rockets were thrown up and signal lights displayed by the fleet during the entire night. Six shots were fired from Battery Marshall in practice. About 600 prisoners marched in stockade between Wagner and middle battery.

September 8.-The enemy fired 10 shots at the island. At 8 p.m. the right 7-inch Brooke gun in first subdivision was dismounted with its carriage preparatory to being mounted again on the carriage taken from the columbiad. A few rounds of musketry were fired from barges off Morris Island at 9.30 p.m.

September 9.-The steamers Syren and Fox passed out at 1 a.m.; the Syren passed out safe, the Fox discovered. One hundred and twenty-seven shots fired at Sullivan's Island, and 51 shots fired from Sullivan's Island. Ten-inch gun will be mounted to-night. Another monitor came in to-day. There as inside the bar 5 monitors, 6 steamers, 3 transports, 3 schooners, and 4 three-masted vessels; outside, 5 gun-boats.

Engineer work.-The engineer force has been engaged in completing magazine and traverse at Beauregard Battery. Battery for triple-banded gun completed; they have also been working on bomb-proof at Battery Marshall and the West Point Battery at cove; they have also been cutting timber to complete obstructions in front of batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

About 4 p.m., 40 sailors were seen going to Gregg.

ALFRED RHETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST SUB-DISTRICT,Sullivan's Island, September 20, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report for the last ten days:

September 10.-Six shots fired at Moultrie. At 4 a.m., 8 or 10 musket shots were fired near the buoy, 1,300 yards from Fort Sumter. The 10-inch columbiad and Brooke gun were both mounted last night in the first subdivision. Two shots were fired at a tug-boat at 12 p.m. A gun-boat fired on Battery Marshall one hour-fired in all 75 shots. The fire was returned with 15 shots.

September 11.-Battery Marshall fired 16 shots in practice this morning. Much signaling and a rocket from monitor during the night.

