
September 12.-Eight shots were fired at Sullivan's Island. At 7.15 p.m. signal lights were displayed from picket monitor. Lieutenant T. M. S. Rhett was painfully wounded by a fragment of shell.

September 13.-Three shots were fired at Sullivan's Island. At daylight 2 shots were fired at picket monitor, which ran in nearer than usual.

September 14.-Fifteen shots were fired at Fort Moultrie. At 5 a.m. six gun-boats opened fire upon Battery Marshall. The latter returned the fire vigorously until 6.15 a.m. Three shots were fired from second subdivision at a tug-boat. The 8-inch gun at Battery Marion was dismounted and taken to the cove.

September 15.-A large number of signal lights and rockets displayed by fleet.

September 16.-One shot fired from Battery Rutledge at tug-boat; 43 shots fired at Morris Island to annoy working parties.

September 17.-Two blockaders came much nearer than usual last night, lying very near the buoy that marks southern bank of Maffitt's Channel.

September 18.-The 8-inch gun was mounted in first subdivision.

September 19.-Considerable during firing reported in the direction of Stono at 7 a.m. A few muskets shots were fired near Battery Gregg at 8.30 p.m. Eight-inch gun supplied with ammunition sufficient.

Engineer work.-The force for the last ten days has been employed principally at Battery Marshall on bomb-proofs and in throwing forward the battery of 12-pounders; also in repairing the two-gun battery, No. 4, and other works; in sodding Beauregard, Marion, and battery at cove. A traverse has also been thrown up to protect guard at bridge, and getting out stuff for obstructions in front of works. There are now 190 laborers, besides carters and a few others, to keep the camp in order and carry on the business in the department on this island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IREDELL JONES,

A. A. D. C. (for and in absence of Colonel Alfred Rhett.)

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 39. Report of Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., Thirty-second Georgia Infantry, commanding brigade, of action at Burden's Causeway, John's Island.
HEADQUARTERS ADVANCED FORCES,John's Island, S. C., July 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the assault upon the enemy's works on the morning of the 9th instant:

Having been ordered by Brigadier-General Robertson to assault the enemy in his intrenchments at daylight with my brigade, consisting of the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Bacon commanding; the Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment, Colonel Edwards commanding, and Bonaud's battalion, Major Bonaud commanding,

