
FORT JOHNSON, July 10, 1864-11.15 p.m.

The enemy immediately after dark (he expected no doubt to find us not on the alert) made an attempt to take battery Simkins, but we opened immediately upon them, heavily, with artillery and infantry, driving them back. Three of their boats effected a landing, but finding the balance of the expedition could not stand up to it they took to their boats and made off. We are all right and ready for them.

J. A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain WARWICK.

ADDENDA.

CHARLESTON, S. C., July 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. YATES, Commanding, Fort Johnson:

I most cordially thank you and your command for the gallant and complete repulse of the enemy this morning. I suspect the capture of Fort Johnson was one of the chief objects of the enemy's movements. Thanks to you and your command for so effectually disappointing them.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

No. 43. Report of Lieutenant Colonel J. Welsman Brown, Second South Carolina Artillery, of skirmish on Pine Island.
HEADQUARTERS,Secessionville, May 11, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor of making the following report of the operations at this post for the past twenty-four hours:

Sixteen of the enemy appeared on Pine Island yesterday morning and immediately went to work cutting an opening in the trees about the center of the island. Two smooth-bore 32-pounders on the southern front were opened on them. After firing a few rounds, the fire was returned from Folly and Morris Island, from a two-gun battery on Long Island, which has been heretofore masked, and from a little island in front of Campbell's house. This new battery on Long Island is situated just east a work which has been noticed there for some time on the extreme west end. The enemy fired about 130 shots during the day. We expended twenty-eight 32-pounder round shell, and eleven 32-pounder rifled shell, and one 8-inch round shell. At 10 p.m. two rockets were thrown up on our southern front, apparently on Big Folly Island, immediately followed by a single gun from the new battery on Long Island. At 3 a.m., they opened from two batteries, one considerably to the left of where they unmasked the battery yesterday, and directly behind where the opening was cut on Pine Island. The firing ceased between 4 and 5 a.m., having thrown 44 shots. I did not reply, as very few cam into the post; after the fifth or sixth shots nearly all fell to the left of us in the direction of Battery Haskell.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WELSMAN BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. C. REYNOLDS, Adjutant.

