
plank, laid them on the old bridge, and crossed. They were afterward re-enforced by another party of about the same size. A two-masted schooner-rigged gun-boat moved slowly up and opened fire. At the same time a party stationed on the end of Dixon's Island toward Battery Island commenced firing rockets of two size, the larger being about 3 and the smaller about 1 1/2 inches in diameter. The gun-boat and rockets crossed their fire from the James Island end of the Battery Island causeway up to a point about 250 or 300 yards in the field, having to me very much the appearance of a design to cover the advance of their troops. The force on Battery Island advanced to about midway of that island, where the main body stopped, sending from 30 to 50 men as far as the causeway, and an officer with a small party came up to where the bridge on that causeway (now destroyed) once stood. They kept their troops thus disposed till gun-boat moved slowly up the river to a point by the course of the stream about half a mile above Battery Island, but still maintaining very much the same line of fire. She then moved slowly down, and when passing Battery Island the land forces retired, taking up the planks from the bridge to Horse Island behind them.

There were no casualties among our pickets. I did not retire them, with the exception of the advance post, which was withdrawn about 50 yards for shelter. I established, however, an advanced post on one of the small islands on the right of the causeway in the bushes, to observe the enemy if they should attempt to cross by leaving the causeway to their left.

I will send to-morrow morning one of the larger rockets, to be forwarded, if deemed advisable, to headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PRESSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Picket-Line.

Lieutenant G. H. MOFFETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded. The enemy have no battery on that part of Dixon's Island from which the rockets came; none of the projectiles was known to explode.

C. H. SIMONTON,

Colonel, Commanding.

No. 46. Report of Major R. A. Wayne, First Georgia Regulars, of skirmish on John's Island.

IN THE FIELD, John's Island, July 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report:

On the 7th instant, 5 p.m., my command, composed of the First Regiment Georgia Regulars, Companies C, G, and K, Thirty-second Georgia Volunteers, and detachments of Companies A, B, F, and I, Second South Carolina Cavalry (dismounted), inclusive of six pieces of artillery, was attacked by the enemy. On my left a heavy

