
line of skirmishers was repulsed twice. On my right, which was guarded by the detachments of the Second South Carolina Cavalry (40 in number), the enemy advanced the Twenty-sixth U. S. Regiment (colored), forcing them to retire several hundred yards after desperate resistance. Re-enforcing with Company G, Thirty-second Georgia Volunteers, and Companies F, G, and M, First Georgia Regulars, they were driven back in confusion. Being re-enforced by the One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Regiment (white), they again advanced and were handsomely repulsed. They made two other efforts, with like result. The artillery, Captain Parker commanding, was used with much effect. The detachment of the Second South Carolina Cavalry being on the right suffered severely, and held their ground gallantly till forced to retire before superior numbers, their loss being 40 per cent.

It would be invidious to discriminate where all acted so gallantly. My couriers-Privates Roper and White, of Company I, Second South Carolina Cavalry-deserve particular notice for efficiency on the field.

My loss was 8 killed and 18 wounded. The enemy left their dead and several of their wounded in our hands and their loss was heavy. At 6.30 p.m. everything was again quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. A. WAYNE,

Major, Commanding.

Captain JOHNSTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 47. Report of Major William S. Basinger, Eighteenth Battalion Georgia Infantry, of operations May 13-16.
HEADQUARTERS,Sullivan's Island, May 17, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding district, the operations of the artillery at the west end of this island on the 13th, 14th, and 16th instant:

On the 13th, two of the enemy's monitors, names unknown, apparently new vessels, moved up the harbor at about 11 a.m. and began a heavy fire on the angle made by the east and northeast faces of Sumter. The batteries on Morris Island co-operated vigorously with the monitors. The fire continued with greater or less rapidity the day. About fifty 10-inch shot were fired at the monitors from Fort Moultrie and Batteries Rutledge and Beauregard, a number of which took effect; but the vessels occupied a position which was not within the field of fire of most of our guns, and too remote from those which would bear to encourage the expenditure of much ammunition. Our fire was therefore slow and soon discontinued. At dusk the monitors retired. The Morris Island batteries maintained a slow fire all night.

At the same hour on the 14th instant, the monitors returned to the attack, taking a position rather nearer Fort Sumter, and also to the batteries on this island. The Morris Island batteries co-operated as on the day before. Having a better opportunity to injure the

