
first time brought forward artillery, and a sharp engagement ensued between their and our artillery, the two guns of the Marion, under Lieutenant Murdoch, two howitzers, Charles' battery, under command of Lieutenant Logan, making excellent practice, all under the supervision of Captain Parker.

At 11 a.m., the firing had ceased, and everything being quiet at 3 p.m., I left for Charleston to see General Jones, who General Robertson informed me had been endeavoring unsuccessfully to communicate with me by signals.

During my absence the enemy attacked and succeeded in turning our extreme right by a flank movement, but the cavalry (dismounted), under command of Captain Clark, Second South Carolina Regiment, made a most determined and desperate resistance, his company of 21 men present losing 13 men-7 killed and 6 wounded. He has ably seconded by Captain Dean, of same regiment, who with 13 men charged the enemy on their left flank, throwing them into confusion. A gun of the Marion, judiciously posted, rendered much resistance in repelling the enemy or holding him in check until our right was re-enforced by companies from the First and Thirty-second Georgia Regiments, drawn from portion of our line which was not engaged and led to the assistance of Major Wayne, commanding in my absence, who displayed alike correct judgment and cool courage and skill in handling his troops, and handsomely repulsed the enemy with loss in repeated assaults upon our line. One of the Parrott guns of the Washington Artillery, Lieutenant Horsey commanding, was particularly effective, being advanced in front of our line and enfilading the assaulting party of the enemy. Our officers and men exhibited steadiness and unflinching firmness. Major Wayne's report of the action renders anything beyond this general reference on my part superfluous.

On the 8th, General Robertson arrived and took command. Re-enforcements came up. He determined to attack the enemy and drive him from the island.

At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 9th, I was ordered by General Robertson to direct Colonel Harrison, of the Thirty-second Georgia, to advance upon the enemy and carry his lines, unless the encountered too severe a fire of artillery, in which event he was to withdraw and not sacrifice his men. I was ordered by the general to take command of the second or supporting line, consisting of three companies Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, First Regiment Georgia Regulars, Major Wayne, and detachment Fourth Georgia Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Harris, to act as circumstances might require. Colonel Harrison at 3.30 a.m. moved forward his line of battle, formed parallel with the enemy's breast-works. His attacking force consisted of seven companies of his own regiment, which formed his right wing, and Bonaud's battalion and the Forty-seventh Georgia Regiment, Colonel Edwards, which formed his left wing. His line of battle extended about 400 yards in length, preceded by a line of skirmishers of double that front and 300 yards in advance. The Stono River road, with hedges on both sides of it, cut his line of battle in two. Colonel Harrison, being unacquainted, with the ground and position of the enemy, desired me to suggest the plan of attack, and I submitted two-either to mass his troops on the right of the road and carry the enemy's left, merely attacking his right with skirmishers (if this attack on enemy's left succeeded his right would be isolated, as his right was in front of a creek running in his rear

