
stood to Bryan's place, a distance of 3 miles. Some 15 or 20 shots were fired, from which we sustained no injury. When the determination to destroy the village was announced the Stono Scouts, owners of property on the place, volunteered to aid the detachment from Captain Clark's company ordered for the purpose, 16 such members applying the torches to their own dwellings. To-day, after sixteen months' duty on this outpost, I turn over the command to Captain Parker, and report to my regiment with regret that my last official act on the island should have been, under an imperative sense of duty, to recommend the destruction of the property of our own people (most of them my relatives and friends), and assisting with my own hands in applying the torch to their dwellings. I am only reconciled by reflection that the property had served useful ends to the enemy, who were removing it for their accommodation to the islands, in their possession, and it would have been in any event lost to the owners. Five schooners, 2 bridge, and 1 gun-boat in the Stono and Folly Rivers; 1 gun-boat in the North Edisto River.

JOHN JENKINS,

Major, Commanding.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 49. Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Del. Kemper, C. S. Artillery, of operations July 7-9.
HDQRS. SECOND AND SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICTS,OFFICE OF CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,

Adams' Run, July 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Proceeding to John's Island on the 7th instant, under orders to examine the position of affairs and to report to the brigadier-general commanding, I reached the position occupied by our troops, a line extending across and at night angle to the river road, about 1 mile below Stevens' just previous to and therefore in time to participate in the affair of that (Thursday) evening. I found the artillery disposed as follows: Two 10-pounder Parrotts of Walter's battery, under Lieutenant Horsey; two 12-pounder howitzers of Charles' battery, under Lieutenant Logan, and one 12-pounder Napoleon, of Parker's battery, under Lieutenant Lowndes, in front with the thin line of infantry. One 12-pounder Napoleon, of Parker's battery, under Lieutenant Murdoch, was 400 yards in rear of the center, and the remaining two pieces (12-pounder Napoleons) of that battery, under Lieutenant Wilkins, were near Curtis', guarding the Bohicket River and Wadmalaw Island roads. The enemy delivered a feeble assault on our right. At 5.15 p.m. our infantry on that flank were doubled back at right angles to the front, but stubbornly maintained their last position. Lieutenant Horsey, having run one of his 10-pounder Parrotts out in the front of our center, fired a few shots therefrom into the flanking column. Lieutenant Murdoch also opened on them with good effect, and the cavalry attacked them in flank and rear. These causes induced them to retire in confusion.

