HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 28, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that since my report of the 20th instant nothing of importance has transpired in this department. From the Northern District Brigadier-General Scammon reports the works on Morris Island as progressing as rapidly as the means of transportation will allow.

On the morning of the 23rd instant, a side-wheel steamer was discovered ashore opposite Battery Rutledge, Sullivan's Island. She had run on a shoal at that point during the night while endeavoring to run the blockade. Our batteries immediately opened fire upon her, and she now lies a complete wreck. I inclose a copy of the report* of Colonel William Ames, chief of artillery, in regard to he firing on this vessel. She is called the Flamingo by the navy, and the Flora or Florinne by the rebel papers.

From the District of Florida Brigadier-General Hatch reports the enemy as removing everything between the railroad and the Saint John's River.

The rebel prisoners of war are now safely quartered in Fort Pulaski, Ga. Every precaution has been taken to prevent the escape of any.

In the District of Beaufort and Hilton Head matters remain about the same. The works on the fortifications are being pushed forward as rapidly as possible. The yellow fever still exists in Charleston and Savannah, and generally along the coast within the rebel lines. As yet we have had no cases reported in this department, which is undoubtedly due to he stringent quarantine and sanitary regulations established throughout the department. The health of the command is improving slowly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., November 6, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that since my report of the 28th ultimo very little of importance has transpired in this department. A small cavalry force sent out from Magnolia for the purpose of collecting cattle was attacked by the enemy in superior numbers and defeated with a loss of 20 to 30 men and a number of horses. I have accordingly ordered some changes to be made in the District of Florida. The post of Magnolia will be discontinued and a new post established to protect the inland passage from the Saint John'sto Fernandina, with an earth-work for defense. The Seventy-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry I have ordered to be dismounted and the horses to be used for other purposes, transportation, &amp;c.

In order to supply an officer of the requisite experience in the Northern District, I have ordered Brigadier-General Hatch to take

---------------

*See p. 108.

---------------

