
Moultrie, Rutledge, Beauregard, Marion, and Bee which could bear were opened upon them, firing as rapidly as was consistent with accuracy:

The battery commanders report the following as the number of shots fired and the number which struck. It will be seen from this report that the two 10-inch columbiads in Moultrie, under command of Lieutenant Minott, fired 22 shots, of which 13 took effect, which, considering the distance, I do not think has ever been surpassed. I witnessed the firing and am happy in saying that it is worthy of commendation. One of the monitors had the knob on the top of the pilot-house smashed into pieces. It will be seen that the 7-inch Brooke gun hit 4 times. I noticed one to be a very severe blow on the side of the turret.

The enemy did not return our fire, but after firing a few shots at Sumter returned to the fleet about one hour and a half after the commencement of the action:

From Fort Moultrie, twenty-two 10-inch columbiad shots, 13 effective. From Battery Bee, four 11-inch Dahlgren, 1 effective. From Battery Rutledge, thirty-four 10-inch columbiad, 13 effective; two 10-inch rifled columbiad, not effective. From Battery Marion, eleven 7-inch Brooke gun, 4 effective; seven 10-inch columbiad, 3 effective. From Battery Beauregard, three 8-inch rifled, 1 effective; seven 10-inch columbiad, not effective.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. A. HUGUENIN,

Captain, Commanding.

Lieutenant E. P. STARR,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 7, 1864.-Affair on Waccamaw Neck, S. C.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General James H. Trapier, C. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major William P. White, Twenty-first battalion Georgia Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General James H. Trapier, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FOURTH MIL. DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Georgetown, January 8, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the capture of 4 officers and 20 men belonging to one of the enemy's blockading vessels on this coast, under the following circumstances: The steamer Dan, from Bermuda, in attempting to run the blockade into Wilmington was discovered and chased off. Finding escape impossible she was beached at about 12 m. yesterday, on the Waccamaw Beach, at a point some 12 or 15 miles north of Georgetown entrance. Her officers and crew and her passengers were all landed in safety, the steamer having been first fired. The enemy, in attempting to reach her in barges, encountered a very rough sea and their barges were capsized. Three of their men were drowned; the remainder succeeded in reaching the shore and soon after surrendered to Major William P. White, 1 officer and 1 man, without firing a shot, though with arms in their hands.

