
places supplied by a small force, 120 infantry and a detail of 16 mounted men, to arrest deserters and conscripts. Two companies of cavalry at Camp Withers, this side of Bonsecours, Bay, are still there, and two new companies at the head of Choctawhatchee Bay, but this detachment could be taken with their horses and arms very easily if a small steamer could be placed at my disposal. The expedition on the small naval steamer Bloomer (reported in No. 20) was not able to reach the head of the bay, as the Bloomer was retained by commander at East Pass, and the schooner Champion taken by him and his men, making the co-operation of our men impracticable.

Notwithstanding these difficulties and disappointments, there are already there 157 men enlisted in the Florida regiments, besides those who entered the [Fourteenth] New York Cavalry and the Seventh Vermont Infantry.

Being entirely without fresh beef, I started day before yesterday a party of infantry and cavalry across the Bayou Grand. Twenty men of the [Fourteenth] New York Cavalry fell in, 4 miles from the bayou, with a scouting party of rebel cavalry, and succeeded, by a spirited charge, to capture 10 of them, with horses and arms; our loss, 1 horse. The gallant Colonel Holbrook was in command of the small expedition. Copies of special orders relative to it are respectfully inclosed.

Rebel papers state that an expedition of 12,000 men started from New Orleans to make a land attack upon Mobile, and I beg to refer to my several reports relative to the necessity of cutting off railroad communication between Mobile and Montgomery. The re-enforcements predicted are already passing into Mobile from Johnston's (formerly Bragg's) army, and I would therefore most respectfully request that the small steamer and the combined brigade be ordered here, thus enabling me to destroy at once the Mobile and Montgomery Railroad communication, and facilitate and insure the success of the Union force moving by land upon Mobile.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE, Chief of Staff.

JANUARY 5-22, 1864.-The Florida Expedition.

SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL EVENTS.

Feb. 7, 1864.-Occupation of Jacksonville by Union forces.

8, 1864.-Skirmish at Ten-Mile Run, near Camp Finegan.

10, 1864.-Skirmish at Barber's Ford.

11, 1864.-Skirmish at Lake City.

14, 1864.-Skirmish at Gainesville.

20, 1864.-Engagement at Olustee, or Ocean Pond.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Major General Quincy A. Gillmore, U. S. Army, commanding Department of the South.

No. 2.-Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.

No. 3.-Surg. Adolph Major, U. S. Army, of engagement at Olustee.

No. 4.-Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding brigade, of engagement at Olustee.

