
back which I did not know, and also (see Appendix K), in case his advance met with serious opposition, to concentrate at Sanderson and the South Fork of the Saint Mary's, and, if necessary, to bring back Colonel Henry (commanding the mounted force) to the latter place. (For General Seymour's reply see Appendix L).

On the 12th, General Seymour informed me from Sanderson (see Appendix M) that he should fall back to the South Fork of the Saint Mary's as soon as Colonel Henry, whom he had ordered back from the front had returned. On the same day I telegraphed to General Seymour (dispatch, see Appendix N) that I wanted his command at and beyond Baldwin concentrated at Baldwin without delay, for reasons which I gave him. (For reply see Appendix O.)

General Seymour joined me at Jacksonville on the 14th, the main body of his command being at that time at Baldwin as directed. He had, however, sent Colonel Henry toward the left to capture some railroad, trains at Gainesville, on the Fernandina and Cedar Keys Railroad.

After arranging with General Seymour for the construction of certain defenses at Jacksonville, Baldwin, and the South Fork of the Saint Mary's, I started for Hilton, Head on the 15th, leaving behind me Captain Reese, of the Engineers, to give the necessary instructions for the defenses referred to. I considered it well understood at that time between General Seymour and myself that no advance would be made without further instructions from me, nor until the defenses were well advanced.

On the 18th, I was greatly surprised at receiving a letter from General Seymour, dated the 17th (see Appendix P), stating that he intended to advance without supplies in order to destroy the railroad near the Suwannee River, 100 miles from Jacksonville. I at once dispatched General Turner (my chief of staff) to Jacksonville to stop the movement. He was the bearer of a letter to General Seymour (see Appendix Q). Upon arriving at Jacksonville, after considerable delay, due to the inclemency of the weather, he learned that General Seymour was engaged with the enemy in front, near Olustee. When I left Jacksonville on the 15th instant I was entirely satisfied with the success of our operations up to that time. I briefly communicated to you my plains with regard to Florida in my letter of February 13, from which I extract as follows, viz:

General Seymour's advance has been within 4 miles of Lake City, but as his instructions were not to risk a repulse or make an attack when there was a prospect of incurring much loss, he has taken up a position at Baldwin, the junction of the railroad from Jacksonville with the one from Fernandina. He holds also the crossing of the Saint Mary's South Fork, about 12 miles west of Baldwin. I intend to construct small works capable of resisting a coup de main at Jacksonville, Baldwin, Palatka, and perhaps one or two other important points so strong that 200 or 300 men will be sufficient at each point. Twenty-five hundred men, in addition to the two regiments that have been permanently stationed in this State (one at Saint Augustine and one at Fernandina), ought to be ample in Florida. The artillery captured here will suffice for such defensive works as may be deemed necessary. I desire to see the lumber and turpentine trade on the Saint John's River revived by loyal men, and for that purpose, and to give assurance that our occupation of this river is intended to be permanent, I have written to the Secretary of the Treasury recommending that the port of Jacksonville be declared open.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

