
APPENDIX A.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 13, 1864.

Major-General GILLMORE:

I understand an effort is being made by some worthy gentlemen to reconstruct a loyal State government in Florida. Florida is in your department, and it is not unlikely that you may be there in person. I have given Mr. Hay a commission of major and sent him to you with some blank books and other blanks to aid in the reconstruction. He will explain as to the manner of using the blanks, and also my general views on the subject. It is desirable for all to co-operate; but if irreconcilable differences of opinion shall arise, you are master. I wish the thing done in the most speedy way possible, so that when done it will be within the range of the late proclamation on the subject. The detail labor, of course, will have to be done by others, but I shall be greatly obliged if you will give it such general supervision as you can find convenient with your more strictly military duties.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

APPENDIX B.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C, January 14, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, &amp;c.:

SIR: Unless it will interfere with the views of the War Department, I shall occupy the west bank of the Saint John's River, in Florida, very soon, and establish small depots there preparatory to an advance west at an early day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

APPENDIX C.

FOLLY ISLAND, January 15, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I wrote by last mail to Major Foster, and also to the General-in-Chief, requesting that the view colored regiments formed and being formed in the North be sent to this department. I gave no reason why these troops were wanted, but I take occasion to inform you that I have in contemplation the occupation of Florida, on the west bank of the Saint John's River, at a very early day, and I want these new regiments to garrison the posts from which I draw the troops for the expedition. Moreover, I am obliged to mount some of my very best infantry, as my entire cavalry force is less than 300 effective men. My plan in a great measure depends upon my getting these new colored regiments, which Colonel Little-field informs me it is your intention to send here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

