
on your front and right flank. I have sent word to Colonel Tilghman to be on the alert. I think Fribley had better move forward and join you, but you must judge. The locomotive has not arrived yet.

GILLMORE.

General.

APPENDIX O.

SANDERSON, February 13, 1864.

General GILLMORE:

GENERAL: To leave the South Fork of the Saint Mary's will make it impossible for us to advance again. I have no apprehension of the force you mention. If you can push a part of Guss' force to King's Ferry, supported by gun-boats, there need by no danger from anything but annoyance. Henry will go where I have already mentioned. I would like to see you at Baldwin if you can come up. All goes well here, and there are several operations of importance that can be effected, upon which I should like to consult you.

T. SEYMOUR.

APPENDIX P.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,February 17, 1864.

General GILLMORE:

GENERAL: The excessive and unexpected delays experienced with the locomotives, which will not be ready for two days yet, if at all, have compelled me to remain where my command could be fed; not enough supplies could be accumulated to permit me to execute my intentions of moving to Suwannee River. But now I propose to go without supplies, even if compelled to retrace my steps to procure them, and with the object of destroying the railroad near the Suwannee that there will be no danger of carrying away any portion of the track. All troops are therefore being moved up to Barber's, and probably by the time you receive this I shall be in motion in advance of that point. That a force may not be brought from Savannah, Ga., to interfere with my movements, it is desirable that a display be made in the Savannah River, and I therefore urge that upon the reception of this such naval forces, transports, sailing vessels, &amp;c., as can be so devoted may rendezvous near Pulaski, and that the iron-clads in Wassaw push up with as much activity as they can exert. I look upon this as of great importance, and shall rely upon it as a demonstration in my favor. There is reason to believe that General Hardee is in Lake City now, possibly in command, and with some force at his disposal, but nothing is visible this side of Sanderson. Saddles, &c., for mounting the Seventh New Hampshire as rapidly as possible are needed here, and I shall send a portion of that regiment to this point as soon as it can be spared subsequent to my advance. I have sent for the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts entire to come to this point; the Tenth Connecticut (eight companies) to remain at Saint Augustine, two companies to go to Picolata. I shall not occupy Palatka or Magnolia at this moment; when I do portions of the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts will be sent from Jacksonville. The Fifty-fifth Massachusetts will

