
From the general tenor of your instructions to me, contained in the letter brought by Major Hay, and from conversation with that officer, I am led to the impression that no additional directions will be given to me upon this subject, and that I am expected to initiate, guide, and control such measures as may be necessary under the Presidential proclamation of December 8, 1863, to restore the State of Florida to its allegiance.

The plan now being pursued by General Banks in Louisiana impresses me very favorably, and can doubtless in its principal be both easily and speedily applied in Florida.

If there are any further instructions for me I respectfully request that they may be communicated to me as early as possible.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, No. 16. Hilton Head, S. C., January 31, 1864.

In accordance with the provisions of the Presidential proclamation of pardon and amnesty, given at Washington on the 8th day of September, in the year of our Lord 1863, and in pursuance of instructions received from the President of the United States, Major John Hay, assistant adjutant-general, will proceed to Fernandina, Fla., and other convenient points in that State, for the purpose of extending to the citizens of the State of Florida an opportunity to avail themselves of the benefits of that proclamation by offering for their signature the oath of allegiance therein prescribed, and by issuing to all those subscribing to said oath certificates entitling them to the benefits of the proclamation.

Fugitive citizens of the State of Florida within the limits of this department will have an opportunity to subscribe to the same oath and secure certificates in the office of the post commander at Hilton Head, S. C.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No other order or instructions than the foregoing in relation to the subject of your inquiry are on file in this Department or within my knowledge.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M, STANTON,

Secretary of War.

No. 2. Reports of Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army, Commanding District of Florida.*
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., February 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that, with the advance of the forces under my command, Jacksonville was occupied on the 7th instant, opposed by only a picket of the enemy, which fired upon the General Hunter and mortally wounded 1 man on that transport. A company of the Massachusetts Independent Battalion of Cavalry, under Captain Morrill, disembarked with great promptness, and pursued the fragments of this picket for several miles.

On the 8th instant, at 4 p.m., believing that the enemy would make a stand with some force of cavalry and artillery, known to be at Camp Finegan, 8 miles from this place, the command was moved forward, Colonel G. V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts, commanding

---------------

* See also Appendices I, L, M, R, and S, pp.281, 283, 286, 288.

---------------

