
for want of them. Probably $1,000,000 worth of property fell into our hands, but it could not be removed and it was not considered advisable to destroy it.

On the evening of the 14th, Captain Marshall's force, being posted behind bales of cotton, in a favorable position, was attacked by two companies of cavalry under Captain Dickinson, who were repulsed with loss of several men and of the majority of their horses.

Gainesville was held by this small force for fifty-six hours, and Captain Marshall, having accomplished his mission, returned to this place this morning, the 17th.

The excellent example of courage and good conduct shown by this command has had the best possible effect in correcting the misrepresentations that have been inculcated by the enemy, and will greatly stimulate the action of those who are friendly to us.

Captain Marshall has conducted himself in the noblest manner, and he and his men are worthy of my highest commendation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, No. 5. Jacksonville, Fla., February 17, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding heartily congratulates his command on the brilliant success which has attended all their movements thus far into Florida. Three flags, 8 guns, with caissons, battery wagons, and forge, many wagons and horses, and much subsistence stores and clothing, besides large amounts of cotton, turpentine, and rosin, property valued at over $1,500, 000 is the fruit of their success.

To Colonel G. V. Henry and his command the battalion of Massachusetts Cavalry, under Major Stevens; the Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, and Captain Elder, First U. S. Artillery, and his battery, this achievement is principally due; and the brigadier-general commanding especially desires to praise Captain George E. Marshall, Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, and his small command of 50 men, who captured and held Gainesville for fifty-six hours, receiving and repulsing an attack from more than double their numbers, and after fulfilling his omission successfully returning to the designated place of rendezvous.

These deeds will be among those remembered by us with the greatest pleasure and honor, and the command may emulate, but can hardly expect to surpass them.

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

R. M. HALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, No. 13. Jacksonville, Fla., March 10, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding recurs with great satisfaction to the conduct of his troops in their late battle, and desires to convey to them in the most public manner his full appreciation of their steadfast courage on that well-contested field.

