
Numbers 3. Itinerary of Military Operations, January 1-November 13.*

DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH.+

JANUARY, 1864.

Northern District, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry.

Northern District established January 15, 1864, consisting of that portion of the department bounded on the north by Charleston Harbor and on the south by Saint Helena Sound. Two posts on Folly Island, S. C., consolidated into one command by the order constituting the district. The Third Brigade, U. S. Forces, Morris Island, S. C., ordered to Hilton Head January 28, 1864. The Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers ordered from Folly Island to Hilton Head, S. C., January 13, 1864. The Twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, re-enlisted as veterans, ordered to Ohio January 14, 1864.

January 19.-Light Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, ordered to Hilton Head.

January 25.-First New York Volunteer Engineers ordered to Hilton Head.

Foster's Brigade, commanded by Colonel Jeremiah C. Drake, One hundred and twelfth New York Infantry.

This brigade has, during the past month, been engaged in the following duties: The Thirteenth Indiana and one company of the One hundred and twelfth and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Volunteers were engaged in doing picket duty on Long Island; 2 commissioned officers and 64 men employed in guarding the signal telegraph between Hilton Head and Folly Island. The remainder of the brigade were engaged in doing picket and guard duty on this island [Folly].

FEBRUARY, 1864.

February 7.-Occupation of Jacksonville, Fla.

February 9.-Forces under Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig made demonstrations on John's Island, S. C. A detachment of Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers left Fernandina, Fla., marching 35 miles inland, and returned, finding no enemy.

February 15.-Detachment of Ninety-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers left Fernandina and proceeded up the Saint Mary's River to Woodstock and King's Ferry Mills, securing 700,000 feet of lumber. District of Florida constituted, comprising of the State within the department limits.

February 20.-Battle of Olustee, Fla.

February 21.-Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania and detachment of Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, commanded by Colonel J. B. Howell, made demonstration on Whitemarsh Island, Savannah River, Ga.

---------------

*As reported on the monthly of the commands indicated.

+Commanded by Major General Quincy A. Gillmore to May 1, 1864; Brigadier General John P. Hatch to May 26, 1864, and Major General John g. Foster to February 9, 1865.

---------------

