
Accompanying this report is a list* of my killed, wounded, and missing, which I regret to say is very large, amounting to 811 officers and men.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York Vols., Commanding Brigade.

Captain P. R. CHADWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry, commanding brigade, of engagement at Olustee.
HEADQUARTERS HAWLEY'S BRIGADE,Jacksonville, Fla., February 26, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report concerning the part taken by the forces under my command in the battle fought at Olustee on the 20th instant.

On the morning of the 20th, at Barber's Ford, my brigade consisted of the Seventh New Hampshire, Colonel Joseph C. Abbott, numbering about 30 officers and 675 men; the Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, Colonel Charles W. Fribley, 21 officers and 554 men, and the Seventh Connecticut, Captain Benjamin F. Skinner, 10 officers and 365 men; aggregate, 61 officers and 1,594 men. Deducting wagoners, hospital attendants, &amp;c., and men broken down on the march, perhaps 1,500 men went into the battle. We had ten days' supply of hard bread, and about three days' of coffee and sugar.

The Seventh Connecticut and half of the Seventh New Hampshire carried Spencer carbines, the remainder Springfield or Bridesburg rifles. Colonel Henry's command of mounted men led the column. My brigade followed, Captain Hamilton's light battery, Company E, Third U. S. Artillery, taking the road, and the regiments moving by the flank abreast thereof, the Seventh New Hampshire and Seventh Connecticut on the right of the road, the Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry on the left. Before reaching Sanderson, by General Seymour's order, the Seventh Connecticut took the road and kept about one-half a mile ahead of us. Two or 3 miles beyond Sanderson we came up with Colonel Henry's command, apparently arranged for a bivouac.

The rebels beginning to annoy our vedettes the general sent for a company and soon for the whole of the Seventh Connecticut, to throw out skirmishers and move westward. Colonel Henry's command soon followed them, and in a few minutes my brigade moved on also. After going 2 or 3 miles, occasionally hearing aa few shots, several discharges of artillery were heard and we quickened our pace. I directed the Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, which was abreast of the Seventh New Hampshire on the railroad on the left, to leave that, change direction to the right, and come nearer the highway. The general commanding sent me orders to get into action quickly. Taking the Seventh New Hampshire, and leaving the Eighth to go in on the left of a pond or swamp, near which was a portion of our artillery, we hurried on, the Seventh New Hamp-

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 298.

---------------

