
Barton's command passed through, and Colonel Montgomery took the First North Carolina on the Camp Finegan. At 7 o'clock the next morning, with the Seventh New Hampshire, Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, and Fifty-fourth Massachusetts, I started eastward. The general detached the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts to remain for a time at Ten-Mile Station, and by his orders I went with the other two regiments to Six-Mile Creek, on the King's road, on grand guard.

The loss of the brigade in the battle was: The Seventh New Hampshire, 208; Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, 310; Seventh Connecticut, 69; aggregate killed, wounded, and missing, 587, about 37 1/2 per cent.

Colonel Abbott did all in his power to rally his command after that regiment, which has proved its valor on other fields, so strangely broke, and its loss proves that, though not in good order, it did not go away from danger.

I have already referred to the death of the brave Lieutenant Taylor.

Colonel Fribley, of the Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, a gallant and capable officer, fell mortally wounded while in the fearless discharge of his duty, and died on the field. It was a great loss to the regiment and the service. Major Burritt, of the same regiment, was severely wounded while bravely at work. The command devolved upon Captain R. C. Bailey, who has since discharged his new duties with zeal and discretion.

Captain B. F. Skinner, who commanded the battalion of the Seventh Connecticut (a large portion of the regiment being absent on veteran furlough), was on the sick list when the regiment took the field, but he performed his laborious duties with the energy and fearless bravery that have always characterized him, and his battalion received the hearty commendation of the general at the close of the fight. It is greatly regretted that he has felt compelled, by ill health, to quit the service. Lieutenant Dempsey, of that regiment, a faithful, patriotic man, was killed early in the action.

My staff, First Lieutenant E. Lewis Moore, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant John Van Keuren, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, and Second Lieutenant Heber J. Davis, Seventh New Hampshire, accompanied me closely, were mindful of every opportunity for careful service, and certainly no officers in similar positions ever did better. Lieutenant Davis received a minie-ball in his neck in the midst of the engagement. When an opportunity offered he had the ball quickly extracted and continued on duty. Dr. W. W. Brown, surgeon Seventh New Hampshire,senior medical officer, and Lieutenant W. T. Seward, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, brigade quartermaster and commissary, performed their duties, admirably. Their labors on the 20th, and for two or three days after, were excessive and exhausting. Private Vinton, Company K, Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, mounted orderly, had his horse twice shot, and finally killed, but he soon found another and continued on duty.

I send herewith reports of the regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH R. HAWLEY,

Colonel Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Captain P. R. CHADWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Florida.

