
ber's Ford, for a distance of about 18 miles from the battle-field, when I marched my command onto the same ground that it had occupied before leaving Barber's Ford the morning before, my men having marched a distance of 36 miles, 18 of which was marched without rest and over bad ground; many swamps, ditches, pickets, and fences intervened to obstruct my march.

Arriving here about 3 o'clock in the morning of the 21st, I remained here until about 9 a.m., when I was directed by Colonel Hawley to move with the brigade, my position being upon the left of the [Seventh] New Hampshire Volunteers. I moved in this way about three-quarters of a mile on the road to Baldwin, when I was directed by the same authority to go back to Barber's Ford and report to Colonel Barton, who ordered me to deploy my men in the same manner as the night before as a rear guard. I moved in the manner directed until we reached Baldwin, when I recalled my skirmishers, by permission of Colonel Barton, and marched my men inside of the town for the purpose of securing the knapsacks which belonged to my command, the same having been left there under guard. This done, I was directed by General Seymour to remain in Baldwin over night (all others except mounted men having continued the retreat), and to throw out a line of pickets to cover our rear. Colonel Henry soon came into town with his command, and ordered a detail from my command to load the cars, which came in about 3 o'clock the next morning. He afterward ordered me to send off half of my command with the train. I also, by his direction, scattered turpentine and rosin around in the railroad building preparatory to burning the same. Colonel Henry directed me to march with the rest of my command to Jacksonville, and go by way of the railroad. Finding, between Baldwin and Ten-Mile Station, three cars which belonged to the train which left Baldwin in the morning, one of which had 400 boxes of hard bread, Captain Mills pushed them about 3 miles with a portion of my command, having volunteered for the purpose.

Arriving at Ten-Mile Station, I found the two companies which I had sent off in the morning. After resting there half an hour, I resumed my march, arriving in Jacksonville about 7 o'clock, having marched 20 miles, and, by direction of General Seymour, I encamped in front of the redoubt.

Next morning, by direction of the same authority, I moved forward about 600 yards and to the right across the railroad, where I remained until the next day or two, when, by order of General Seymour, I joined the brigade on King's road, on Six-Mile Creek.

Of my command I can only speak in the highest terms, both officers and men exhibiting the utmost coolness, bravery, and patience; in fact, it was a feature to be noticed and praised that when called to perform arduous duties it was done with a cheerfulness really remarkable.

Inclosed you will find a list of casualties.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. SKINNER,

Captain, Seventh Connecticut Vols., Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant E. LEWIS MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in table, p. 298.

---------------

