
Northern District, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry.

FOLLY ISLAND, S. C.-General Foster's brigade of Vogdes' Division, General Ames' brigade, the Colored Brigade, under command of Colonel Beecher, and Battery E, Third U. S. Artillery, Captain John Hamilton, ordered to Jacksonville, Fla. General Vogdes and staff also sent there.

February 8.-With parts of the First and Second Brigades and Foster's brigade of Vogdes' division, and six pieces of artillery, all under command of Brigadier General A. Schimmelfennig, crossed to Kiawah and Seabrook Islands to make a demonstration to distract the enemy's attention from the expedition to Jacksonville.

February 9.-Crossed the Haulover cut to John's Island at daylight, driving in the enemy's pickets with some loss and taking some prisoners.

February 10.-Remained on the island.

February 11.-Pushed forward some 3 miles, meeting the enemy's pickets and firing with artillery. Returned at night to Kiawah in obedience to orders. While on John's Island discovered a book containing all the signals sent from Folly Island by he signal telegraph, correctly given, showing that the rebels have he key to our system of signals.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C.-February 1.-Blockade-running steamer Presto ran aground at Fort Moultrie and was destroyed by the batteries on this island and the monitors.

February 6.-Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers transferred to Hilton Head, S. C.

February 18.-Sloop-of-war Housatonic destroyed by a torpedo off Morris Island.

February 27.-Third New Hampshire Volunteers transferred to Hilton Head, S. C.

First Brigade, Gordon's Division, commanded by Colonel Leopold von Gilsa, Forty-first New York Infantry.

February 6-12.-The Forty-first, Fifty-fourth, and One hundred and forty-second New York and Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteer Regiments participated in an expedition commanded by Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig to John's Island. The route was via Kiawah and Seabrook Islands, and across Haulover Cut bridge, at which point the rebel outposts were surprised by the One hundred and forty-second Regiment, which had the advance.

February 9-11.-Skirmishes with the rebels occurred, the latter being near Bugbee Bridge. The Forty-first New York sustained an aggregate loss in killed, wound, and missing of 13 men, and the casualties occurred. The troops returned to their respective camps on the 12th.

February 26.-The Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers moved from Kiawah to Folly Island.

U. S. Forces, Hilton Head District, commanded by Colonel Joshua B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Infantry.

February 21.-The Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers and detachment of the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, under the command of Colonel J. B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers,

