
right of Hawley's brigade, advanced from Barber's plantation, on the road toward Sanderson. The head of the column passed Sanderson, about 12 m., and when about 3 miles beyond that place the first picket firing was heard between our skirmishers and those of the enemy. The enemy's skirmishers retired, and the column continued to advance for about 3 miles more, when it came upon the main force of the enemy at a point about 3 miles east of Olustee. My regiment was moving by the left flank and remained in that order until we were under the fire of the enemy. The regiment was then brought by company into line and closed in mass. The order was then given by myself to deploy upon the first company and the deployment commenced. At this moment I was informed by yourself that the deployment was not as you intended, and I at once commanded, "Halt; front!" but the fire of the enemy had now become very severe, and in the attempt to bring the regiment again into column confusion ensued, followed by faltering on the part of some of the men, and finally in almost a complete break. About 100 of the regiment remained upon the ground occupied by the column and the remainder fell back a short distance, when with some other officers I succeeded in rallying a part of them, bringing them into something like order, and again advancing. I continued during the engagement to hold a position a little to the right of that on which my column stood when it was ordered to deploy, and opposed as judiciously as I was able to do what appeared to me to be an attempt of the enemy to flank our right. When it was apparent to me that our line was falling back, I gradually withdrew. It is proper to state, perhaps, that becoming separated from the commander of the brigade in the attempt to rally the battalion, I thereafter received no orders until the close of the engagement.

My loss in officers was 1 killed and 7 wounded. George W. Taylor, first lieutenant and acting adjutant, fell late in the action, having been distinguished throughout for coolness and courage, as he is now lamented by all the regiment who esteem a true soldier. My loss in enlisted men was 14 killed and 97 wounded, and my total loss of officers and men in killed, wounded, and missing was 209. A list* of casualties is herewith inclosed.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers.

Colonel JOSEPH R. HAWLEY,

Seventh Connecticut Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 9. Reports of Captain Romanzo C. Bailey, Eighth U. S. Colored Infantry, of engagement at Olustee.
HDQRS. EIGHTH REGIMENT U. S. COLORED TROOPS,February 24, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the late battle of Olustee, Fla., on the 20th instant, by the Eighth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Charles W. Fribley commanding:

After leaving the railroad along which we had been advancing until within about 1,000 yards of the enemy, Colonel Fribley re-

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

