
Numbers 12. Report of Colonel Edward N. Hallowell, Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Infantry, of engagement at Olustee.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS VOLUNTEERS,Jacksonville, Fla., March 1, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: At 8.30 o'clock on the morning of February 20, 1864, the Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers left Barber's with its colonel, lieutenant-colonel, 13 line officers, and about 480 enlisted men, the rest of the regiment having been detailed for other duty. It marched in charge of wagon train to Olustee, at which place the train was stopped and the regiment moved forward at the double-quick about 2 miles, where it was formed in line between the railroad and dirt road, under a sharp fire from the enemy. In this formation it advanced some 200 yards through a swamp, driving the enemy from some guns, and checking the advance of a column of the enemy's infantry. After firing about 20,000 cartridges, the men of the regiment were ordered to retreat by Colonel James Montgomery, commanding brigade. A new line was formed on the right of the dirt road, where the regiment staid till after dark, when it was ordered, through Colonel Barton, to march back to Barber's, where it arrived one hour after midnight.

Their loss in officers was 3 wounded-Captain R. H. L. Jewett, First Lieutenant H. W. Littlefield, and First Lieutenant E. G. Tomlinson-in enlisted men, killed, 13; wounded, 63; missing, 8; total, 87.

The State color three times fell and each time was caught up by another corporal. Sergt. Stephen A. Swails, acting sergeant-major, deserves special praise for his coolness, bravery, and efficiency during the action; he received a severe but not mortal wound in the head.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. N. HALLOWELL,

Colonel Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers.

Lieutenant R. M. HALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 13. Report of Captain Loomis L. Langdon, Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, of engagement at Olustee.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE,Jacksonville, Fla., March 25, 1864.

SIR: Pursuant to instructions, I have the honor to report the action of the artillery under my command at the late battle of Olustee, Fla., February 20, 1864:

On the morning of February 20, General Seymour's command, of which my own was a portion, left Barber's Ford, near Saint Mary's River, en route for Lake City. My own immediate command consisted of my battery (M, First Artillery), four light 12-pounder brass guns, and a section of Captain James' Third Rhode Island Volunteer Artillery, under Lieutenant Metcalf, in all six guns. I was

