
commanding district, went on an expedition to Whitemarsh Island, near Savannah, Ga.; captured 16 prisoners of war; lost Lieutenant Michener, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, wounded and taken prisoner; 2 men missing in action.

District of Florida, commanded by Brigadier General Truman Seymour.

February 7.-Jacksonville, Fla., was occupied by the troops under Brigadier General T. Seymour.

February 16.-District of Florida organized.

February 20.-Battle of Olustee fought.

Foster's Brigade, commanded by Colonel Jeremiah C. Drake, One hundred and twelfth New York Infantry.

Until the 23rd of the month the brigade has been doing picket duty on Long Island. Sixty-four men and 2 commissioned officers of the One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers were employed in guarding the signal telegraph between Hilton Head and Folly Island. Two regiments of the brigade, One hundred and sixty-ninth and One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, formed part of the forces under Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig, who made a reconnaissance to John's Island.

February 23.-Brigade sailed for Jacksonville, where it arrived on the 25th. Since that time it has been engaged in doing picket and guard duty at that place.

Second Brigade, Ames' Division, commanded by Colonel Joseph R. Hawley, Seventh Connecticut Infantry.

At date of last report the brigade was stationed at Saint Helena Island, S. C.

February 5.-Forming part of General Seymour's expeditionary force, it sailed for the Saint John's River, and advanced to jacksonville on Monday, the 8th. The brigade, to which was attached the Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, bore an honorable part in the evens of the advance into Florida, and lost largely in the action at Olustee on the 20th.

Third Brigade (colored), Ames' Division, commanded by Colonel Milton S. Littlefield, Twenty-first U. S. Colored Troops.

February 14.-The brigade left Folly Island and proceeded to Jacksonville, reporting on arrival to Brigadier-General Seymour, commanding District of Florida. The First North Carolina Colored Volunteers were ordered to the front, and were shortly after attached to another brigade. The Fifty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers were attached to the Third Brigade.

Light Brigade, commanded by Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Infantry.

February 4.-The troops of this command left Hilton Head, S. C., arriving on the morning of the 8th at Jacksonville, Fla. In the afternoon started up the country along the line of the Tallahassee

