
ing the penetration of the enemy into the interior, either on the line toward Lake City or into the lower portion of the State, to which end a position has been selected on the Saint John's a few miles above Jacksonville for a battery of one rifled 32-pounder, three rifled 30-pounder, one 20-pounder, and one 10-pounder Parrotts, and two 8-inch siege howitzers, by which, with torpedoes in the river, it is expected transports at least can be obstructed from passing with troops beyond Jacksonville. Cavalry pickets have been also established for the protection of the railroad to Cedar Keys from injury by raiding expeditions set on foot form the west bank of the Saint John's.

I have for the present organized the forces under General Anderson into three brigades, commanded, respectively, by Brigadier-Generals Finegan and Colquitt and Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., three meritorious officers, the last two of whom have won promotion by their active participation in the combat of the 20th ultimo, at which it is proper to say Brigadier-General Colquitt commanded on the immediate field of battle. He has seen much service, likewise in the Army of Northern Virginia.

The cavalry has also been organized into a brigade under Colonel Robert H. Anderson. The four light batteries of four pieces each were placed under command of Lieutenant Colonel Charles C. Jones, and two batteries of siege guns (six pieces) present on the field under Major George L. Buist. It is hoped this arrangement will enhance the efficiency of the troops, who are in fine spirits and good condition.

Too much praise cannot be awarded to the brave officers and men who encountered and defeated twice their number of Ocean Pond, and I commend them to the notice of the Government. They are in all respects worthy comrades of those who on other fields have done honor to Southern manhood.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

Numbers 17. Reports of Brigadier General Joseph Finegan, C. S. Army, commanding District of East Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA,Lake City, February 13, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick, which was charged upon by the enemy and dispersed at Camp Finegan, on the night of the 8th instant, has nearly all reached this place. I think that the enemy have not captured more than 5 or 6 of our men. Two officers are missing-Captain Eichelberger and Lieutenant Barco-who were sick at the time, and are supposed to be in the enemy's hands. The camp and garrison equipage of the command, with very few stores, were lost. The garrison escaped in the darkness of the night.

