
I shall in a few days hasten to the scene, and hope to be able to take the offensive at once. A rigid investigation shall be made into the circumstances under which the command of Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick was surprised and dispersed and their guns captured.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

TALLAHASSEE, FLA., February 21, 1864.

(Received 22nd.)

To the PRESIDENT:

Have just received the following dispatch from General Finegan, dated yesterday:

I met the enemy in full force to-day, under General Seymour, and defeated him with great loss. I captured 5 pieces of artillery; hold possession of the battle-field and the killed and wounded of the enemy. My cavalry are in pursuit. I don't know precisely the number of prisoners, as they are being brought in constantly. My whole loss will not, I think, exceed 250 killed and wounded. Among them I mourn the loss of many brave officers and men.

I understand General Finegan also captured many small-arms.

JNO. MILTON,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA,Sanderson, February 23, 1864.

GENERAL: I had the honor to report by telegraph that the enemy had abandoned his position at Barber's place, on the Little Saint Mary's River. I pressed forward my cavalry force last night in the direction of Baldwin. I have received no report form them yet, but think that the enemy has abandoned Baldwin and retired to Jacksonville. The enemy destroyed the railroad at this place for about three-quarters of a mile, burning a portion of the iron. This delays my movements one day. I occupy Barber's place this morning with my infantry, and my cavalry are in the vicinity of Baldwin. From all that I can learn the enemy suffered severely in the late engagement and are greatly demoralized. The reports of brigade and regimental commanders are not yet in. I will forward my report as soon as those are received. I have several hundred of the enemy's wounded, white and black. I am unable to state the exact number at present, as the ambulances were still engaged in removing them from the field when I left Ocean Pond yesterday morning.

Great credit is due Brigadier-General Colquitt, Colonel Harrison, and the officers and men of their several commands for their distinguished bravery in the late engagement against superior numbers. I will take pleasure in bringing the names of the officers more particularly to the notice of the commanding general in my detailed report.

Colonel Anderson, with the Fifth Georgia Cavalry, has not yet arrived. If I had had a sufficient cavalry force I could have captured a very large number of the enemy, as their rout was complete. I respectfully request that a full supply of ammunition for this command be forwarded as soon as possible. The ordnance

