
railroad; at Ten-Mile Cut captured a rebel battery and a quantity of stores; went to Baldwin the next morning; captured several guns and prisoners and much property.

February 10.-Met the enemy at Barber's Ford, and after a sharp skirmish drove them; followed on to Sanderson.

February 11.-Had a skirmish at Lake City.

February 12.-Returned to Sanderson. From that time to the 20th occupied in raids, &amp;c.

February 20.-Participated in the battle of Olustee; covered the retreat of the army to Three-Mile Run, where we have since remained doing outpost duty.

MARCH, 1864.

March 1.-Detachment of cavalry, mounted infantry, and light artillery, under command of Colonel G. V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Volunteers, left Jacksonville, Fla., on reconnaissance; drove in the enemy's pickets at McGirt's and retired to Three-Mile Run.

March 9.-Demonstration made on Bull's Island, S. C., by a detachment of 750 men, commanded by Colonel William Gurney, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers.

March 10.-Palatka, Fla., occupied by the Forty-seventh, Forty-eighth, and One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, and detachment of the Third Rhode Island Artillery, all under Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers.

March 24.-Brigadier General J. P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, assigned to duty in command of the District of Florida, relieving Brigadier General T. Seymour, U. S. Volunteers.

Northern District, commanded by Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry.

March 9.-Colonel William Gurney, with 750 men, sent to make a demonstration at Bull's Island. Expedition landed, partially explored the island, and returned on the 11th instant without loss. The geographical limits of the post of Folly Island were altered by General Orders, Numbers 8, paragraph I, headquarters Northern district, Department of the South, March 19, 1864, and restricted to that portion of the island west of a line drawn from district headquarters due northwest to Folly River.

District of Florida, commanded by Brigadier General John P. Hatch.

March 1.-A battalion of Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, two squadrons of Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, and on section of Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, advanced to McGirt's Creek on a reconnaissance; met the enemy's pickets and drove them in. They wee immediately re-enforced and in turn drove our forces back. The fight lasted from 10 a. m. until 3 p. m., our men contesting every foot of ground. We were obliged to fall back to Three-Mile Run, where we encamped and remained until the 30th instant, when orders were received to fall back to a higher piece of ground about 1 mile nearer Jacksonville.

March 9.-Barton's brigade, a detachment of Third Rhode Island Artillery, and Company I, First New York Volunteer Engineers, all

3 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

