
JOINT RESOLUTION of thanks to General Finegan and the officers and men of his command.

Resolved by the Congress of the Confederate States of America, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are hereby tendered, to Brigadier General Joseph Finegan and the officers and men of his command, for the skill and gallantry displayed in achieving the signal victory of Ocean Pond, Fla., on the 20th of February last.

TH. S. BOCOCK,

Speaker of the House of Representatives.

R. M. T. HUNTER,

President pro tempore of the Senate.

Approved May 17, 1864.

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 22, 1864.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding, &amp;c., Lake City, Fla.:

I congratulate you and your brave officers on your brilliant victory over the enemy on the 20th instant. Your country will be cheered by this timely success, and I trust it is but the earnest of heavier and crushing blows which shall destroy our enemy on the soil of Florida.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Numbers 18. Report of Lieutenant M. B. Grant, C. S. Engineers, of engagement at Olustee.

C. S. ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Savannah, April 27, 1864.

COLONEL: In obedience to your instructions, I have the honor to submit the following report upon the battle of Ocean Pond, fought February 20, near Ocean Pond, on the line of the Florida, Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, in Columbia County, Fla., between the Confederate forces under Brigadier General Joseph Finegan and the Federal forces under Brigadier-General Seymour:

Having been ordered to report to General Finegan, I left Savannah on February 15 and arrived at Olustee Station on the evening of the 17th, where I found our army encamped on a line extending from Ocean Pond, on the left, to the large cypress pond, on the right, as designated in the accompanying sketch* on the line A B. General Finegan had selected this position as the only one which furnished in itself any natural advantages for defense, and upon a thorough reconnaissance of the country on the following day I became satisfied that the selection was a good one, this being the only point offering any advantages whatever between Lake City and the south prong of the Saint Mary's River, which latter place being at that time in possession of the enemy, who had established themselves along the line of this creek preparatory to an advance.

I would here remark that the country along the line of railroad form the Suwannee River east is exceedingly low and flat, with but few streams, and those of so insignificant a character as to be of but

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

