
sorted from it with as little delay as possible, and dried, and are serviceable. The balls and damaged powder, are being sent to the ordnance officer at Savannah.

The infantry are fully armed with good arms, with a very few exceptions that will be supplied to-morrow. The cavalry are also armed as far as I have been able to receive returns, although some are inferior. These will be changed as early as practicable.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

T. E. BUCKMAN,

Lieutenant and Chief of Ordnance.

Major J. L. CROSS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 20. Report of Brigadier General Alfred H. Colquitt, C. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, of engagement at Olustee.

BALDWIN, FLA., February 26, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following account of the engagement of the 20th instant, near Ocean Pond:

Intelligence having been received of the approach of the enemy, I was instructed to take three regiments of my own brigade, with a section of Gamble's artillery, and proceed to the front and assume command of all the forces which had preceded me, consisting of two regiments of cavalry, under command of Colonel Smith; the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, and two companies of the Thirty-second Georgia Regiment. Subsequently other troops were sent forward, and I was directed to call for such re-enforcements as might be needed.

About 2 miles from Olustee Station I found the enemy advancing rapidly and our cavalry retiring before them. I threw forward a party of skirmishers and hastily formed line of battle under a brisk fire from the enemy's advance. The Nineteenth Georgia was placed on the right and the Twenty-eighth Georgia on the left, which a section of Captain Gamble's artillery in the center. The Sixty-fourth Georgia and the two companies of the Thirty-second Georgia were formed on the left of the Twenty-eighth, and the Sixth Georgia Regiment was sent still farther to the left to prevent a flank movement of the enemy in that direction. Instructions were sent to Colonel Smith, commanding cavalry, to place his regiments on the extreme flanks and to guard against any movement of the enemy from either side.

The line of infantry was then ordered to advance, which was gallantly done, the enemy contesting the ground and giving way slowly. Perceiving that the enemy were in strong force, I sent back for re-enforcements and a fresh supply of ammunition. The Sixth Florida Battalion and Twenty-third Georgia Regiment soon arrived for my support. The Sixth Florida Battalion was formed on the right of the Nineteenth Georgia and in such position as to come in on the left flank of the enemy. The Twenty-third Georgia was put on the left of the Sixty-fourth Georgia. Colonel Harrison, coming up with the Thirty-second and First Georgia Regulars, took

