
Numbers 22. Report of Captain Robert H. Gamble, Leon Light Artillery, of engagement at Olustee.

CAMP BEAUREGARD, February 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in the action of the 20th instant, 77 enlisted men, with all the officers of the company, were engaged. The total number of casualties were as follows: Killed, Gun Corpl. Craven Atkinson and Private M. B. Smith, 2; wounded, Privates B. Bishop, in hand, slight; A. C. McCants, struck by fragment of shell (since returned to duty), and J. B. Lynn, struck by spent ball (since returned to duty), 3; Privates J. D. Sauls and William Bishop were injured by gun carriage.

I desire to commend specially for their coolness during the entire engagement Sergt. R. F. Phillips, Corpls. J. R. Lewis and A. W. Mason, Privates James Lee, A. D. Cone, Thomas Neary, Dennis O'Conner, A. M. May, J. J. Smith, and Brickle. Lieutenant Dyke and Gamble, chiefs of sections, and Lieutenant J. N. Whitner, chief of the line caissons, rendered all the assistance in their power in handling the guns. First Sergt. F. B. Papy was also active in the discharge of his duty.

Two battery horses were killed and 7 wounded. These accidents among the horses threw several teams into confusion, during which two limbers were badly injured. The trail of the 12-pounder howitzer was crushed during the action by the recoil of the gun, but firing was continued from the piece until the broken end of the trail was so deeply imbedded in the earth as to render the gun no longer serviceable, when it was carried off the field.

Number of enlisted men now present for duty, 93.

Very respectfully,

ROBT. H. GAMBLE,

Captain, Commanding Battery F, Leon Light Artillery.

Colonel RR. B. THOMAS,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 23. Report of Captain Joseph L. Dunham, Company A, Milton Light Artillery, of operations February 8-9.
HDQRS. COMPANY A, MILTON LIGHT ARTILLERY,Lake City, Fla., March 18, 1864.

COLONEL: In accordance with your orders, under date of the 14th instant, I have the honor to report the following facts in connection with the loss of five pieces of artillery, of which two 6-pounder bronze guns belonged to Company A, Milton Light Artillery, and two 3-inch rifled pieces to Company B, Milton Light Artillery, captured by the enemy at station near Pickett's, on the Florida, Atlantic and Gulf Railroad, besides one 3-inch rifled gun, Company B, Milton Light Artillery, captured at Baldwin:

During the night and the next day, after the arrival of the enemy in force at Jacksonville (February 7) was known, I directed Lieutenant Bates, commanding company, to move the Government property and personal baggage of the men to the railroad depot at

