
[Indorsement.]

It does not appear that Colonel McCormick sent any information of the advance of the enemy upon this company.

H. B.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 24. Report of Lieutenant Drury Rambo, Company A, Milton Light Artillery, of engagement at Olustee.

SANDERSON, EAST FLA., February 23, 1864.

About 1 o'clock of the 20th instant. I received orders to move the 30-pounder Parrott gun, mounted upon a railroad flat-car, down the railroad until I should meet with orders. A locomotive being furnished I immediately ordered the gun detachment aboard, consisting of 13 privates and the gunner; proceeded until I received orders from Brigadier-General Finegan to retire the locomotive and piece. After remaining about half an hour I dispatched a courier to Brigadier-General Colquitt (to whom I had orders to report), stating that I was on hand ready and awaited his orders. From my position I deemed it very injudicious to open fire with my piece, for the thick forest of pines that intervened, and, in fact, in which our infantry was, the cutting down of limbs and trees, I believed that as much injury would result to us as good. The courier soon returned with orders that my piece could not be used, and to take it and the locomotive farther to the rear. About two hours after, when the enemy were giving way, I received orders to throw a few shells as nearly among them as possible. Three rounds were fired, with unknown effect. None of the detachment were injured. Five spokes of the right wheel of the gun carriage are injured, caused, I presume, by the sudden deflection of the trail in recoiling.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. RAMBO,

Lieutenant, Commanding Parrott Gun.

Colonel R. B. THOMAS,

Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 25. Report of Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., Thirty-second Georgia Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, of engagement at Olustee.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, ARMY OF EAST FLORIDA,In the Field, near Sanderson, Fla., February 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command in the engagement with the abolitionists near Ocean Pond on the 20th instant:

By direction of Brigadier-General Finegan this brigade, consisting of the Thirty-second Georgia Volunteers, Major W. T. Holland

