
March 30.-The colonel commanding brigade received orders to proceed to Palatka, Fla.; transportation was furnished for but one regiment; in the evening the Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops broke camp and embarked on board transports and reached Palatka, Fla., on the morning of the 31st.

APRIL, 1864.

Tenth Army Corps, commanded by Major General Quincy A. Gillmore.

The corps left the Department of the South, in detachments, during the month for rendezvous at Gloucester Point, Va.

JUNE, 1864.

District of Florida, commanded by Brigadier General William Birney.

June 1.-Troops of the district, commanded by Brigadier General George H. Gordon (temporarily organized in two brigades, under Colonels Nobel and Shaw), made an expedition from Jacksonville, and routed the rebels from Camp Milton by a brilliant flank movement, which render their strong intrenchments useless for defensive operations. The enemy fled precipitately.

June 3.-Expedition returned to Jacksonville after destroying with fire the enemy;s extensive and imposing line of fortification in front of Jacksonville.

JULY, 1864.

District of Florida, commanded by Brigadier General William Birney.

General Birney, with the Seventh and four companies of the Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, absent on expedition in South Carolina until the 10th of the month. During the general's absence the district was commanded by Colonel Noble, Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers. The enemy having established a camp on Trout Creek, in close proximity to Yellow Bluff, endangering the forces at that point, also the navigation of the river, the troops at Jacksonville, led by General Birney in person, moved to meet them July 15. The rebels fled without fighting. Three days were occupied in the pursuit, destroying the corn fields and torpedo manufactories, and tearing up railroads, telegraph, &amp;c., between Trout Creek and Nassau River. At the latter point a valuable saw-mill was seized.

July 23.-An expedition under Brigadier-General Birney (composed of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers, Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, Seventh, Eighth, and Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Battery A, Third Rhode Island Artillery, and two companies of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry) left post at Jacksonville, and disembarking at the mouth of Black Creek in the night, marched to and took Baldwin. This was accomplished without serious opposition. A few of the enemy were surprised at Baldwin and made prisoners.

July 30.-Palatka was occupied by three companies of the Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers, commanded by Captain William L. Hubbell, of the same regiment. Before the troops landed a shell was thrown into the town from the gun-boat Hale, and directly after 2 or 3 rebel pickets were observed to leave the place.

