
train of cars some half mile or more distant. It was in the discharge of this duty that Lieutenant George M. Blount, my acting assistant adjutant-general, was shot from his horse, but not seriously wounded. By several trips they succeeded in supplying sufficient ammunition to our line to enable the reopening of a rapid and effective fire, before which the enemy had commenced to retire slowly, still keeping up their fire upon us, when the First Florida Battalion, under command of Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Hopkins, and a section of Guerard's battery, under Lieutenant W. Robert Gignilliat, arrived from the intrenchments. I at once ordered the former to the support of the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, whose ammunition was nearly all exhausted, and the latter to take position and open fire near the left center. These re-enforcements, together with some that arrived upon the right, served to embolden our men and intimidate the enemy, for their retreat now became more hurried and their fire less rapid and effective.

Under instructions from General Colquitt I now threw forward the Sixth and Thirty-second Georgia Regiments (the extreme left of our line) to flank the enemy upon their right, which movement succeeded admirably, for soon their right was exposed to a cross-fire, which told upon their ranks with fine effect. A general advance of our line now drove the enemy, who retreat, at first sullenly, but now precipitately, before our victorious arms for some miles, when night came on, and by order of General Colquitt we ceased firing and our line halted.

During the engagement the detachment of Thirty-second Georgia (Companies H and E, Captain Mobley commanding) won for itself much honor in charging and capturing three pieces of the enemy's artillery. While refraining from a mention of the individual bearing of officers belonging to commands of my brigade, for the reason that all greatly distinguished themselves, I take pleasure in reporting the intrepid commander of Sixth Georgia Regiment (General Colquitt's brigade), Colonel Lofton, for meritorious service with my command throughout the action. Corporal Buchanan, Company E, Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment, and Sergt. Thomas Battle, Company C, First Georgia Regulars (color-bearer), deserve mention for conspicuous bravery and daring.

I would ask particular attention to the gallantry of Captain E. L. Guerard, acting brigade quartermaster. His services, together with the gallantry and promptness of Lieutenant Horace P. Clark, my aide-de-camp, was of the greatest importance during the whole engagement, and particularly after the remainder of my staff had gallantly fallen and been borne from the field. My entire command behaved with a degree of coolness and bravery worthy of emulation.

The following-named officers were killed and wounded, gallantly discharging their duties:

Thirty-second Georgia Volunteers, Major Holland commanding:Captain W. D. Cornwell, Company A, wounded in shoulder; Lieutenant R. J. Butler, Company B, wounded in abdomen, mortally; Lieutenant W. T. Moody, Company C, wounded in knee, severely; Lieutenant W. L. Jenkins, Company E, wounded in shoulder, slightly; Lieutenant J. H. Pittman, Company F, wounded in leg, severely; Lieutenant Morris Dawson, Company G, wounded in head, slightly.

First Georgia Regulars, Captain A. A. F. Hill commanding: Captain H. A. Cannon, commanding when killed; Lieutenant P. H. Morel, wounded in arm, slightly.

