
Sixty-fourth Georgia Volunteers, Captain C. S. Jenkins, commanding: Colonel J. W. Evans, in right thigh, severely; Lieutenant Colonel James Barrow killed; Major Walter H. Weems wounded in left leg, severely; Captain R. W. Craven, Company A, wounded in head, slightly; Lieutenant J. S. Thrasher, Company A, wounded in thigh, severely; Lieutenant M. L. Raines, Company C, wounded in thigh, severely; Captain J. K. Redd, Company F, wounded in head, slightly; Lieutenant T. M. Beasley, Company F, wounded in left arm, slightly; Captain R. A. Brown, Company H, wounded in leg, slightly; Lieutenant P. A. Waller, Company H, wounded in neck and head, mortally; Lieutenant J. F. Burch, Company I, wounded in wrist, slightly.

First Florida Battalion Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Hopkins commanding: Lieutenant Colonel C. F. Hopkins wounded in arm and thigh, slightly; Lieutenant S. K. Collins, Company E, wounded in face, slightly; Lieutenant Theophilus Williams, Company F, wounded in breast, slightly.

Bonaud's Battalion Georgia Volunteers: Lieutenant J. W. Hall, Company D, wounded, slightly; Lieutenant Cader Pierce, Company G, wounded, slightly; Lieutenant W. W. Holland, volunteer company, Florida, killed.

See inclosed report of casualties.*

Respectfully submitted.

GEO. P. HARRISON, Jr.,

Colonel Thirty-second Georgia Infantry,

Commanding Second Brigade, Army of East Florida.

Captain W. CALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 26. Report of Captain John M. Guerard, Georgia Artillery, of engagement at Olustee.
HEADQUARTERS GUERARD'S LIGHT ARTILLERY,Camp in the Field, February 22, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this command carried into the engagement of 20th instant 67 rank and file and 2 commissioned [officers], and that it met with no casualties. The number present for duty is 87.

My battery went into the action by sections. The left section was first ordered forward and went under my own command. It was assigned a position by Brigadier-General Colquitt on the extreme right of the line, with orders not to fire unless the enemy advanced. It marched forward in the prolongation of the line as the latter was advanced, being constantly exposed to a severe fire, which it was not permitted to return. Lieutenant Lewis was with me in the section. The officers and men present with it behaved with commendable coolness under the trying circumstances mentioned.

The right section, under the command of Lieutenant Gignilliat, entered the field at a later period. It was posted in the center of the line and was fortunate enough to take position at the crisis of the engagement. The section of the Chatham Artillery which first

---------------

*Embodied in table, p.337.

---------------

