
took position had exhausted its ammunition and was enabled to maintain its fire only by a supply from the chests of my section. Lieutenant Gignilliat, though for the first time exposed to fire, managed his section with skill and coolness. He reports that the conduct of his non-commissioned officers and men was deserving of praise.

I am, colonel, with great respect,

JOHN M. GUERARD,

Captain, Commanding.

Colonel R. B. THOMAS,

Chief of Light Artillery.

No. 27. Report of Colonel Caraway Smith, commanding Cavalry Brigade, of engagement at Olustee.
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, DIV. OF EAST FLORIDA,February 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Cavalry Brigade in the late engagement near Ocean Pond on the 20th instant:

On the morning of the 20th, it being reported that the enemy were advancing from the direction of Sanderson, I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to advance and meet them for the purpose of ascertaining their position and number. I accordingly moved out with all the cavalry force them available, which consisted of 250 men of the Fourth Georgia Cavalry (Colonel Clinch commanding) and of 202 men of the Second Florida Cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick commanding). I discovered the enemy about 4 miles distant from our encampment, occupying in force the second crossing of the railroad from Olustee. I immediately reported the fact to you and directed Colonel Clinch to advance a body of skirmishers from his regiment to attack the enemy's pickets, which he did promptly, and was pushing the attack earnestly when they were met by a much larger force from the enemy, which compelled them to retire to their horses. This they did in good order. The enemy them moved forward with his whole force, skirmishing on our rear, which we resisted with our rear guard, keeping him in check, while the cavalry retired in line and in perfect order. This skirmishing was kept up until we reached the first crossing of the railroad from Olustee. There I found our infantry and artillery under the command of Brigadier-General Colquitt, from whom I received orders to dispose the cavalry on the right and left wings of our army to prevent any flank movement of the enemy. I accordingly ordered Colonel Clinch to occupy the left with his regiment, and Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick, with the Second Florida Cavalry, to take position on the right.

Early in the action Colonel Clinch received a severe wound in the leg, which made it necessary for him to retire from the field, and the command of his regiment then devolved upon Captain Brown who kept an efficient guard on the left flank while Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick protected the right. On two occasions I discovered that the enemy was attempting to cross the railroad on the right of our infantry, evidently for the purpose of turning that wing, when I directed Lieutenant-Colonel McCormick to dismount a portion of

