
Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, and one piece of Elder's Horse Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, all under the command of Major Stevens, to ascertain the enemy's position at Ten-Mile Station. At 10 o'clock the advanced post of the enemy was met at 1 mile this side of Pickett's. They consisted of about 100 cavalry and two pieces of artillery, and were driven in. The enemy's outposts was immediately re-enforced by a regiment of cavalry and one piece of artillery. Major Stevens then began to retire, the enemy following, our men fighting step by step. As soon as Major Stevens arrived at Cedar Creek I sent re-enforcements to him, consisting of one piece of artillery and all but one squadron of the Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry. That and Elder's section of artillery I ordered to retire along the line of railroad and form line of battle at Three-Mile Run. I immediately rode over the Cedar Creek and took command, ordering Major Stevens to take command at Three-Mile Run and await my arrival.

The enemy charged upon my command, but were bogged, losing a number of men and horses. They then dismounted and fought on foot. Their firing was very hot, and my men resisted every inch of ground with great bravery. The Fortieth were dismounted, the battalion of cavalry being mounted, forming a reserve.

White this was going on the enemy effected a crossing on my right with three regiments of infantry and 300 cavalry, thus attempting to turn my flank. The only way to prevent this was to retire, which I accordingly did, halting and encamping at Three-Mile Run. The enemy followed about 1 mile. The action commenced at about 10 a.m. and lasted till 3 p.m. About 5 miles of ground was fought over, almost yard by yard.

Too much credit cannot be given to my brigade for the cool, brave, and determined manner in which they fought a very superior foe. The enemy numbered about 5,000 infantry and cavalry and three pieces of artillery. My own force was 500 cavalry and two pieces of artillery.

My loss was 1 killed, 4 wounded, and 5 taken prisoners. The enemy acknowledge a loss of 40 or 50 killed and wounded. They give us great credit, and particularly the 5 men taken prisoners, who fought gallantly till completely surrounded.

There were some instances of individual bravery, but where all did so nobly it would be unnecessary to draw any comparisons.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY V. HENRY,

Colonel 40th Mass. Mounted Infy., Commanding Light Brigade.

Lieutenant R. M. Hall,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, No. 16. Jacksonville, Fla., March 26, 1864.

I. The brigadier-general commanding announces that on March 1 the enemy advanced in largely superior force, with cavalry, artillery, and infantry, upon our mounted force on outpost duty. This force of course withdrew, pursuant to explicit instructions from these headquarters, but not without contesting the advance of the enemy, step by step, in the most gallant manner. Our casualties were 1 killed, 4 wounded, and 5 taken prisoners, while the enemy lost 7

