
killed (including a captain) and more than 30 wounded. And the brigadier-general commanding thanks Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry; Major A. H. Stevens, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, and the officers and men under them, for their brilliant conduct on that day. Particular mention is made of Lieutenant M. Leahy, First U. S. Artillery, in command of a section of Captain S. S. Elder's Horse Battery B, First U. S. Artillery, for efficient service of his guns on that occasion, and Sergt. J.d. Sanford and Privates G. G. Andrews, John S. Randall, Edmund Crosby, Jonathan Clifford, and George Washburne, of Company A, Fortieth Regiment Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, for their determined and brave resistance to a large force, which had surrounded them all, excepting Private Andrews, having been unfortunately captured.

II. The redoubt at Palatka will be known as redoubt Vandeveer, in honor of Captain Garrett Vandeveer, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, the record of whose distinguished gallantry at Olustee will long survive the work that commemorates his name.

III. The work at Yellow Bluff is named after First Lieutenant D. H. Jones, Fifty-fifth Regiment of Massachusetts Volunteers, a promising young officer, who was accidentally killed on the 23rd instant, near that place, while in the discharge of his duty.

IV. Second Lieutenant R. H. Waters, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, is announced as assistant commissary of musters for his district, on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Arty., and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

No. 2. Report of Major Atherton H. Stevens, jr., Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT BRIGADE,East Florida, March 22, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to transmit herewith my report of the skirmish which took place on the 1st instant, in the vicinity of Cedar Creek:

In accordance with orders received from Colonel Guy V. Henry, commanding Light Brigade, then camped at so-called Camp Moody, I, with Companies B and C and a platoon of Company D, battalion Massachusetts Cavalry, and one company of the Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry and one gun from Captain Elder's battery, First U. S. Artillery (under Lieutenant Leahy), proceeded to the front on a reconnaissance. After passing our outer vedettes I sent forward one-half of Company B, battalion Massachusetts Cavalry, as skirmishers, who drove in the enemy's pickets and proceeded nearly 3 miles beyond Cedar Creek, when we discovered the enemy in considerable force in our front. I then ordered the remainder of Company B to the support of my skirmishers, and observing a force

