
of cavalry in my front I ordered Lieutenant Leahy to fire a shell at them, which was done with good effect, scattering their advance. I then ordered another short fired and my skirmishers to retire slowly, which was done, followed closely by the enemy. At one time their cavalry (apparently a full battalion) formed for a charge. I immediately got the remainder of the cavalry battalion (numbering not more than 50 men) ready to meet the charge. The enemy at the time were on a brisk trot, but they immediately slackened their pace and came to a halt. We continued to retire slowly till we recrossed Cedar Creek, where we got into position to hold it, as per previous orders. The advance of the enemy came down to the crossing, and on perceiving the head of their advance at the crossing another shot from Leahy's gun scattered them wildly. Here we remained fighting for half an hour, the enemy having three pieces of artillery opposed to us, when orders were received to fall back to camp. We proceeded slowly in the direction of the camp, and when 1 1/2 miles from the creek met re-enforcements consisting of Companies I and K of the Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, with another gun from Elder's battery, with orders to go back and hold the creek. We again marched toward the creek, the enemy's artillery keeping up a continuous fire, without damage. Dismounting the squadron of the Fortieth Massachusetts and Company B of the cavalry battalion, we commenced to drive the enemy, who by this time had gained this side of the creek to the number of over 200 infantry. Here also a sharp skirmish fight ensued. Colonel Henry, commanding brigade, now (12 m.) came to the front and took command.

Our casualties were thus far, 1 killed, Private John C. Lamont, Company B, cavalry battalion, and 1 wounded, William H. Poor, Company K, fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, since died, and 1 horse killed.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ATHERTON H. STEVENS, Jr.,

Major, Commanding Battalion Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.

Lieutenant R. M. HALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 3. Lieutenant Michael Leahy, Battery B, First U. S. Artillery.

CAMP OF THE LIGHT BRIGADE,

Three-Mile Run, Fla., March 21, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by a piece of my section in the skirmish of the 1st instant, under the command of Major Stevens, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry.

Our advance came upon the enemy close to McGirt's Creek, driving their pickets onto their main force, which had taken a strong position on the skirt of a swamp. I brought my piece into battery and opened with shell and case-shot, the enemy slowly driving our force. I then fired two rounds of canister at the head of their

