
left Jacksonville between the 8th April and the 11th May, but either few troops were on them, or they passed down the river in the night so that the scout could not see whether they contained troops or not. It is possible that 1,500 should be added to the above estimate to cover all who were sent off without our knowledge.

There have been sent off from this district the following troops at dates annexed:

April 14.-The Eleventh South Carolina Regiment.

April 16.-The Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiment.

April 16 and 17.-The Eighteenth South Carolina.

April 17.-A siege train, Major Buist.

April 17.-Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment.

April 19.-Colquitt's brigade, Thirty-second Georgia Regiment, Wheaton's battery, Guerard's battery.

April 21.-Gamble's battery.

April 23.-Fourth Georgia Cavalry.

April 29.-Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment.

May 2.-Volunteers for Navy, 97 men in all.

May 4.-Fifth Georgia Cavalry Regiment.

May 7.-First Georgia Regulars.

All of the cavalry, and part of the infantry and artillery above mentioned, were sent across the country from Camp Milton, in Florida, to Tebeauville, Ga., that being deemed the most expeditious route to Savannah under all the circumstances.

On the 24th of April, the Sixty-fourth Regiment Georgia Volunteers was detached and sent to South Florida for service against the deserters and Yankees in that region. No field officer being present for duty with the regiment, Lieutenant-Colonel Brevard, of the Second Florida Battalion, whose familiarity with the country and citizens where operations were proposed to be carried on, and upon whose judgment, skill, and courage reliance could be placed, was assigned to the command of the expedition. His instructions were of a general character, to arrest deserters, skulkers, punish and drive out plunderers and Yankees, and to afford every assistance in his power to the agents of the Government whose duty it was to collect beef-cattle for the army, and to the farmers in the legitimate pursuit of their business. He had only proceeded a little over 100 miles and reached the borders of the field of operations, when the order to send the Sixty-fourth Georgia Regiment to Carolina reached me by telegraph. The terms of the dispatch were so urgent as to induce me to recall this regiment at once. As soon, however, as new dispositions could be made and transportation obtained, another force (Bonaud's battalion) was sent to the same quarter, under Lieutenant-Colonel Brevard, with instructions as before.

In the mean time the enemy, led on and re-enforced by deserters and disloyals, made predatory raids upon the coast, destroying salt-works, stealing cattle, and burning dwellings. On the 22nd April, they came a short distance up the Suwannee River in launches, and carried off 20 or 30 bales of cotton and burned (as reported by citizens) about 300 more, of which 14 belonged to the Government. On the 6th May, they landed at Tampa and arrested several citizens, but what other acts were perpetrated by them I have as yet been unable to learn. On the following night they are reported to have destroyed the village of Brooksville, but this needs confirmation (since ascertained to have been without foundation).

