
construct one of these boats with the workmen now in his employ, and with material that can be obtained within the district. He is now engaged upon a plan and specifications, and is making an estimate of costs, &amp;c., and when submitted, if deemed feasible, I propose to adopt it, and to assign him, in addition to his other duties, to that of superintending its construction; in all of which I would be pleased to have the approval of the major-general commanding.

As Jacksonville has been the base of the enemy's operations in Florida, and the point at which his invading forces were concentrated, I have, up to this time, since my arrival in the district deemed it my duty to remain at this point, and superintend in person the military operations of the Confederate forces here collected to meet him. But as the season has passed when he may be expected to do more than send small raiding parties into the country from under his gun-boats, I shall deem it my duty in a few days to visit other portions of the district in Middle and West Florida, the wants and necessities of which can be better ascertained in that way; after which, should it be deemed necessary to a better understanding of the military situation in the district, this narrative will be resumed and make to embrace localities, &c., not touched upon at this time.

I am, captain, &c.,

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

Captain H. W. FEILDEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 13, 1864.-Capture of C. S. steamer Sumter in Lake George, Fla.

REPORTS.*

No. 1.-Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding brigade.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Truman Seymour, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., March 16, 1864.

GENERAL: It is this morning reported to me by Colonel Barton, commanding at Palatka, that on the 13th instant the Columbine, U. S. armed tug, captured the small steamer Sumter in Lake George. The Sumter was at once armed and manned and sent after the Hattie Brock, believed to have about 150 bales of cotton on board; and probably ere this she has also been taken. The passengers and the Saint Mary's, Mr. Cable. Colonel Barton reports also that his scouts give information of a force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery at about 6 miles inland from Palatka. Some twelve guns are reported. Should these rumors be confirmed, measures will be taken

---------------

*For report of Commander George B. Balch, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

