
being unfortunately captured. I at once deployed a heavy line of infantry skirmishers and occupied the ground from which the pickets had been driven, of course materially altering the position of the latter. The loss of these men was in a great measure owing to the imperfection of their mount and equipments. I trust to do better with the mounted force I am now organizing, under command of Captain Shaw, One hundred and fifteenth New York Volunteers, an officer with some cavalry experience.

The defensive works here are very [much] pushed forward and will soon be entirely complete. I am organizing a thorough system of scouting, which, I think, will be useful and reliable.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York Vols., Commanding Brigadier

Captain P. R. CHADWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 25, 1864.-Affair at McClellansville, S. C.

Report of Captain Christopher Gaillard, Santee (South Carolina) Light Artillery.)*
HEADQUARTERS POST,McClellansville, S. C., March 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully report that about 7.30 o'clock this morning Lieutenant P. C. Drake reported to me that the three barges laden with Federal troops had approached the steamer Little Ada and had take possession of the vessel. I immediately ordered Company M under arms and placed my section of artillery in the most available position, distant about 1,200 yards from the vessel. I soon discovered that they were making preparations to carry the vessel out, and I ordered the guns to be fired upon them, with such effect as to compel them to abandon the vessel. Twenty-one shots were fired, 5 of which took effect.

During the engagement the chief engineer of the vessel was slightly wounded in the head and leg by splinters from the side of the vessel, and 1 of the enemy was wounded in the head and captured. The vessel was not materially injured, and as soon as I could send a detachment on board they went in pursuit of the enemy, but did not succeed in overtaking them.

The result of to-day's firing has convinced me that vessels entering at this place can be successfully protected by rifled guns, and I respectfully ask that the application for my rifled section at Mount Pleasant be made again.

Respectfully,

C. GAILLARD,

Captain, Commanding Post.

Captain WILLIAM GREENE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*For report of Lieutenant Commander Aaron W. Weaver, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

