
a small force of infantry in range [with] the mounted vedettes. The looked-for attack was made this p.m., and a brisk skirmish ensued, with no casualties on our side, but with some, I trust, on the part of the enemy.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, Commanding

Captain P. R. CHADWICK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 31, 1864.-Affair at Spring Island, S. C.

Report of Colonel Charlton H. Way, Fifty-fourth Georgia Infantry, commanding sub-district.*
HEADQUARTERS HARDEEVILLE SUB-DISTRICT,March 31, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, that at 11 o'clock to-day one gun-boat and a tug proceeded up the Colleton River as far as the upper end of Spring Island. Stopping first at Seabrook's settlement, they landed a small party, apparently for the purpose of reconnoitering. The 2 pickets stationed there fired upon them, with what effect is not known. The party returned to the boat after having stolen a gun, a saddle, and some clothing, belonging to Mr. Crowell. I ordered Colonel Johnson's cavalry down immediately, but before they could reach the spot the boats had returned.

The enemy have been reconnoitering Foot Point and its vicinity for the last two or three days, usually in small boats, and may possibly intend landing there in force. The general commanding is fully aware of the utter impracticability of holding Foot Point should the enemy design occupying it in force. If anything serious is meant by these movements, their intention must be simply to land and hold the position as a base upon the mainland. The general commanding may rely upon my using all the means at my disposal to prevent and thwart their designs, and upon my giving him prompt information in regard to anything which may occur.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLTON H. WAY,

Colonel, Commanding Sub-District.

Captain JAMES LOWNDES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. THIRD DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Pocotaligo, April 2, 1864.

I do not think the enemy feel strong enough to occupy the mainland. If I were in command of them, however, with their resources, I would consider it practicable and safe to occupy and fortify the peninsula of Foot Point.

W. S. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*For report of Lieutenant Commander Edward E. Stone, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

