
OCTOBER, 1864.

District of Florida (or Fourth Brigade), commanded by Brigadier General John P. Hatch.

October 4-8.-The expedition to Enterprise, Volusia County, in command of Colonel Noble (started from Jacksonville and Magnolia September 29th and 30th), returned safely to camp; no casualties; 29 prisoners (civilians and soldiers) taken and about 30 horses and mules.

October 11-15.-Detachment from regiments stationed at Jacksonville were sent up the St. John's River to Orange Mills to get oranges. Over 300 barrels were obtained, a part distributed to the Major General John G. Foster, the department commander, visited the district on the 13th; left the 15th.

October 17, 18.-Lieutenant-Colonel Marple, of Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, commanding U. S. forces at Magnolia, East Florida, made a raid into the country about Cedar Creek and secured and drove into Magnolia 150 head of fine beef-cattle.

October 24.-Two companies of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Marple, Thirty-fourth U. S. Colored Troops, met the enemy at Gum Creek, 8 miles from Magnolia; fought him one hour, then retreated with loss of 3 men killed and several wounded and captured; 40 horses were killed. The strength of the U. S. contending force was about 50; that of the enemy nearly 400. Our loss in killed, wounded, and captured was 29.

District of West Florida, commanded by Brigadier General Alexander Asboth.

October 18.-A detachment of 200 men and one section of First Florida Battery, under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, were sent up Escambia Bay on the steamer Planter to collect logs. While thus engaged they were attacked by the rebels, about 300 strong, who were repulsed after one hour's heavy skirmishing, and the expedition returned with 140 pine logs lost 2 men; rebels lost 4 killed or mortally wounded.

October 19.-About the same number under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling were sent up Escambia Bay to collect bricks. Returned the same day with 10,000 without having been molested.

October 25.-Another detachment, under same commander, was sent for bricks, with the same result.

October 31.-A force of 700 men, under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, left on steamers Planter and Lizzie Davis for same point up Escambia Bay. Proceeded as far as Milton; encountered and badly whipped a cavalry and militia force of the rebels, capturing several prisoners, killing and wounding quite a number, and capturing some horses and mules, quite a large amount of quartermaster's and commissary stores, ordnance and ordnance stores, and a large amount of different kinds of lumber, among which was 85,000 feet of long lumber. No casualties on our side. Very much credit is due Lieutenant the care and foresight which have enabled him to accomplish successfully such important (to us) results. He has the confidence of his officers and men, and they do not hesitate to go where he leads, and he is never behind.

