
No. 2. Report of Captain E. Pliny Bryan, Assistant Adjutant-General, C. S. Army.

CAMP MILTON, April 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer, I placed 12 torpedoes, containing each 70 pounds small-grain cannon powder, in the Saint John's River, near Mandarin Point, during Wednesday night, March 30. I found the channel wide, about 25 feet deep, with very muddy bottom.

Early Friday morning, April 1, I discovered a steamer, supposed to be the Maple Leaf, sunk off Mandarin Point. On account of the wind I could not board her until Saturday morning, April 2, at which time she was fired in three places and burnt. The water was about 2 feet deep on the upper cabin deck. But few things could have been saved by the enemy, as the vessel must have sunk in a few moments. She apparently was greatly damaged by the explosion. A few mattresses, sofas, wash-bowls, and other unimportant articles were left in the upper cabin. From her length, width, size, and general appearance I suppose her to be a first-class vessel.

I take pleasure in bringing to your notice the names of the party engaged in the affair: Lieutenant J. D. O'Hern, Corpl. John Brantly, and Privates Musco Crenshaw and William Taylor, of Company F, and John Frisbee, of Company B, all of Second Florida Battalion.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. PLINY BRYAN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

Major General P. ANDERSON,

Commanding District of Florida, Camp Milton.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,In the Field, April 4, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the general commanding.

Captain Bryan deserves much credit for the activity he displayed and labor performed in bringing about the result here reported. He has inflicted heavy loss upon the enemy, and taught him to be cautious in the navigation of our waters.

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 1, 1864.-Expedition from Palatka to Fort Gates, Fla.

Report of Colonel William B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Infantry, commanding U. S. Forces.

HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, D

Palatka, Fla., April 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have had the honor to receive the communication of the 2nd instant from the brigadier-general commanding the district, and have carefully noted its contents. Measures have already been taken to carry out the directions contained therein.

