
the same regiment. This little party, sent from Palatka to a point 32 miles from the post, surprised and captured a picket of the enemy consisting of 1 sergeant and 9 men, with their arms, and 13 horses and equipments complete. To bring off the horses it was necessary to swim them across the Saint John's River and force them for 1 1/2 miles through a swamp previously considered impracticable. The energy, intrepidity, and skill with which this expedition was conducted demands the praise of the commander of this district, and the imitation of troops hereafter detached on similar expeditions.

II. The brigadier-general commanding announces that the marine battery, which was so promptly and cheerfully placed on the line of our intrenchments when they were first thrown up in the vicinity of Jacksonville, and at a time when it was much needed, has been ordered on board the sloop of war Mahaska. He takes this opportunity to return his thanks to Captain G. B. Balch, commanding U. S. naval forces on the Saint John's River, for his kindness, and to Ensign Augustus E. French, and the petty officers and men under him, for their valuable services, very good conduct, and exhibition of excellent discipline throughout their intercourse with the troops of this command.

III. First Lieutenant Peter S. Michie, Corps of Engineers, U. S. Army, is relieved from duty in the District of Florida, and will report at the headquarters Department of the South.

IV. First Lieutenant Charles R. Suter, Corps on Engineer, U. S. Army, having been assigned to duty in this district, is hereby announced as chief engineer.

V. First Lieutenant E. N. K. Talcott, First New York Volunteer Engineers, having been assigned to duty in charge of the engineer depot at Jacksonville, is relieved from duty as aide-de-camp.

VI. First Lieutenant Edgar B. Van Winkle, One hundred and third New York Volunteers, is hereby announced as aide-de-camp to the commanding general.

By order of Brigadier General John P. Hatch:

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, A. A. A. G.

APRIL 2, 1864.-Skirmish on Cedar Creek, Fla.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.

No. 2.-Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, commanding Light Brigade.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., April 3, 1864.

GENERAL: There is no change in the situation here. The enemy occupy the same position as when General Gillmore was last in the district.

A reconnaissance made yesterday by Colonel Henry with his cavalry, supported by two regiments of infantry, developed a strong line at Cedar Creek, probably two regiments of cavalry and two of infantry.

