
A young man named Margroum came through the lines yesterday; he is intelligent, although uneducated. To-day a captain of the Sixty-fourth Georgia Infantry, accompanied by 1 private of his company, came in. I send all three to your headquarters. They have taken the oath of allegiance, and desire to go North. Ten deserters, banded together for their protection, crossed the river yesterday, and were to-day sent in by the boat battalion. All tell about the same story. The enemy in our front is about 10,000 strong; about 12,000 rations are issued. The force in front of Palatka is about two regiments. The Georgia captain had been for some time in arrest, charged with making false muster.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff.

The casualties yesterday were 8 wounded; the enemy reported to have suffered severely.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Guy V. Henry, Fortieth Massachusetts Mounted Infantry, commanding Light Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LIGHT BRIGADE,April 2, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in accordance with instructions from the general commanding, I made a reconnaissance this afternoon. My force consisted of three squadrons of cavalry, four pieces of artillery, and two regiments of infantry, Seventy-fifth Ohio and One hundred and sixty-ninth New York. One squadron of cavalry I sent out on the King's road, supported by five companies of infantry, and one company of infantry along the plank road. This force was to attract the enemy's attention, while with the main force I attacked their right. I drove in the pickets of the enemy with my cavalry, but they fell back to Cedar Creek. The Seventy-fifth Ohio was then thrown forward as skirmishers. The enemy was posted in the woods at the creek, in a very strong position. To drive them from it was necessary to cross an open country, which would have resulted in some loss of life, without any reason, as we would have been obliged to retire and be exposed to fire both ways. The enemy seemed to have a front of about 1,200, deployed as skirmishers, on their left. They gave way after some skirmishing, and proceeded toward Camp Finegan. All the passes across Cedar Creek seemed to be barricaded.

We lost none killed, but 8 wounded. We captured 25 head of cattle and 1 horse. The rebel loss must have been some 20 or 30, as a number were seen to fall.

The men behaved well, particularly the Seventy-fifth Ohio, who skirmished very finely.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GUY V. HENRY,

Colonel 40th Mass. Mounted Infy., Commanding Light Brigadier

Lieutenant R. M. HALL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

