
APRIL 2, 1864.-Skirmish at Cow Ford Creek, near Pensacola, Fla.

REPORTS.

No. 1.-Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Captain Adolph Schmidt, Fourteenth New York Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS PENSACOLA,Barrancas, April 4, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, having been informed on the 2nd instant at noon that several mounted rebels had approached our picket line, I immediately sent out Captain Schmidt, Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, with 30 of his men. The captain, on passing the light-house, came upon tracks of horses in the sand, and after following them around the head of the Bayou Grand several miles, suddenly came up with them drawn up in line of battle, in a well-chosen position across the Cow Ford Creek, on the Pensacola road. The rebels opened a vigorous fire upon our men, who, although outnumbered two to one, gallantly charged them and succeeded, after a sharp hand-to-hand fight, in capturing 1 lieutenant, 2 sergeant, and 8 men, and taking 6 horses, 21 muskets, and 4 sabers. It is the opinion of Captain Schmidt that the rebels lost from 10 to 15 killed and wounded, in addition to the prisoners.

The casualties on our side are: First Lieutenant B. von Lengercke, Sergeant von Rosenfels, and Private Endres, wounded (the latter dangerously), 4 horses killed and 5 wounded.

The prisoners will proceed under guard on the steamer Northerner to New Orleans, to be reported there to the provost-marshal-general of the department.

I beg to inclose Captain Schmidt's report and the roll of the prisoners of war captured by him.

Very respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel RICHARD B. IRWIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, April 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of March 8, No. 138, the following additional information in regard to the affairs in my neighborhood, received from refugees and deserters:

The rebels have concentrated a considerable force at Pollard, Ala., estimated at from 8,000 to 10,000 men, principally re-enforcements sent, during General Sherman's raid, from Johnston's army to Mobile. They are also concentrating a force about 2,000 strong, infantry, artillery, and cavalry, in Walton County, Fla., with

25 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

