
headquarters at McDade's Pond, between Yellow and Pea Rivers, scouting down the Boggy Bayou, opposite East Pass, and upward on the north side of the Choctawhatchee Bay to the Four-Mile Landing.

The Perdido is also more closely guarded at present and an additional cavalry force stationed at Camp Pond, above Camp Withers, with a view to prevent deserters from entering our lines and to intercept the Union soldiers who made their escape from the prison at Cahawba, Ala.

Since our reverse in East Florida the rebels have become more enterprising in their movements and more bitter in their persecutions of all who show any sympathy for the Union. They take from them everything of any use to the army and wantonly destroy the rest; they take the lives of all who attempt to escape from their lines or who assist others to do so.

Mr. Alfred Holly came in yesterday, reporting that while leaving Boggy Bayou for East Pass in a skiff, with 5 others (all members of the Bass family, residing there), the rebels fired upon them, killing 3 and wounding 2, who are now in our hospital.

I have, as already reported, a recruiting officer at East Pass, with a squad of 10 men, but I have no force to send against those robbers and no steamer for transportation. To prevent the entire ruin of those unfortunate Union families and secure us the control over West Florida, it would be desirable that at the next advance of the Federal forces in East Florida a combined movement be made also in West Florida, by adequate forces from Barrancas, Boggy Bayou, opposite East Pass, Washington Point, the head of Choctawhatchee Bay, and Saint Mark's, the terminus of the Tallahassee railroad.

In conclusion, I beg to report that Captain Schmidt, Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, with 30 of his company, had a very successful engagement on the 2nd instant with a scouting party of rebel cavalry on the Pensacola road, 4 miles from Bayou Grand, resulting in the capture of 1 lieutenant, 2 sergeants, and 8 privates of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry, with 6 horses with equipments, 21 muskets, and 4 sabers. In addition to this the enemy lost about 15 killed and wounded. On our side First Lieutenant B. von Lengercke and 2 men were wounded, and 4 horses killed and 5 wounded.

The particular of the engagement will accompany the report of the officer in command of the party.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff.

No. 2. Report of Captain Adolph Schmidt, Fourteenth New York Cavalry.

CAMP ASBOTH, BARRANCAS, FLA., April 3, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that result of a scout made yesterday, pursuant to orders from General Asboth, with 30 men of Company M, Fourteenth New York Volunteer Cavalry.

Leaving Camp Asboth, Barrancas, at 12.30 p.m., and passing the light-house picket, I discovered the tracks of 4 horses on the main

