
road leading toward Nix's farm, and following up the tracks I received information at Nix's farm that the enemy, from 50 to 60 strong, under command of Major Randolph, of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry, all mounted and armed with sabers, pistols, and rifles, and only left that place about ten minutes before. I started at once after them in a sharp trot, and after following their tracks for 2 miles on the Pensacola road, I came up with the rear guard. The enemy, aware of my approach, wheeled in column and formed in line of battle behind a creek. Passing the narrow bridge by twos, I ordered a charge with sabers drawn, and was received with a volley of rifle-balls, which killed 4 of our horses and wounded Sergeant Oscar von Rosenfels and Private Seibold Endres, the latter dangerously. Before they had time to reload, I forced with my command a hand-to-hand combat, which resulted in scattering the enemy. After pursuing them with my whole command, First Lieutenant von Lengercke, approaching Major Randolph within ten steps, was fired upon by him and wounded in the arm. Lieutenant von Lengercke followed the major for 50 yards, when his horse was shot and feel with his rider. The major was pursued by Sergeant Wolfram, Bugler Eisfelder, and myself, but were unable to overtake him, as our horses gave out and we had to return. The enemy was chased by my whole command for nearly 3 miles, and during the fight we took First Lieutenant McClintock and 10 enlisted men, of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry, together with 6 horses, 2 additional saddles, 21 muskets, and 4 sabers.

The loss sustained by my command is as follows: First Lieutenant Berger von Lengercke, Sergt. Oscar von Rosenfels, and Private Seibold Endres, wounded; 4 horses killed, 5 wounded (2 of which, after throwing their riders, ran away with full equipments), 2 revolvers, Remington pattern, and 1 carbine, Burnside pattern.

I believe the enemy lost, in addition to 1 officer and 10 men taken prisoners, 15 wounded and killed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AD. SCHMIDT,

Captain Company M, Fourteenth New York Vol. Cav.

Lieutenant E. T. SPRAGUE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 16, 1864.-Destruction of U. S. transport Hunter in Saint John's River, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., April 16, 1864.

GENERAL: The evacuation of Palatka was completed in the most able manner, and great praise is due to Colonel Barton, commanding, for the admirable arrangements which resulted so favorably. Nothing was abandoned; the magazines, platforms for guns, and abatis were destroyed, and the garrison and all the inhabitants of the town withdrawn without accident of any kind. A large portion of the stores, particularly provisions and ordnance stores, were transferred

