
NOVEMBER, 1864.

District of Florida, commanded by Brigadier General E. Parker Scammon.

November 1-7.-Seventh-fifth Ohio Volunteers transferred from Empire Mills to Jacksonville; the regiment dismounted and the horses shipped to Hilton Head; post of Magnolia abandoned on the 4th; the Thirty-fourth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops transferred from that post to Jacksonville.

November 14.-Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Volunteers, relieved from command of the district by Brigadier General E. P. Scammon, U. S. Volunteers.

Numbers 4. Report of Major John C. Gray, jr., Judge-Advocate, Department of the South, of investigation relative to assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 29, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of the report of the investigation into the cause of the failure of the attack on Forts Johnson and Simkins, James Island, S. C., on the night of July 2, 1864. In explanation of the reason for the delay in transmitting this report I would respectfully state that it was in consequence of the long illness of Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig, who made the entire examination himself, examining not only the officers, but the enlisted men, but who in consequence of ill health could not make up the report. The present report, made by Major Gray, judge-advocate, though much condensed, is very clear and distinct, and I think covers all the points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., October 26, 1864.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the South:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the accompanying report of the attack on Forts Johnson and Simkins on the night of July 2, 1864. Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig, U. S. Volunteers, was ordered to make a report on this subject, but went North on sick leave before doing so, and the large mass of evidence which he had collected was referred to me, by order of the major-general commanding the department, for investigation and report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN C. GRAY, JR.,

Major and Judge-Advocate.

