
the Fifty-second and One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant Colonel T. D. Hart, of the One hundred and fourth, to make a reconnaissance to Daufuskie Island. From Seabrook I sent the Foulks and Plato in advance, to steam around the island to prevent what forces the enemy might have upon it from leaving. I landed my forces at a wharf which the enemy had partially destroyed, and leaving a sufficient number of men to protect the boat in case of attack, I sent the rest to skirmish through the island. Learning that there was some cotton on a plantation on the north part of the island, I proceeded there with a small party and succeeded in collecting 90 bags, weighing about 4,000 pounds, which I brought away and caused to be turned over to the proper authorities at this place. None of the enemy were found upon the island, but Colonel Hart was informed by some colored people living on one of the plantations that a party of 6 armed rebels were there last night. The only inhabitants were 3 black women and 1 man, all very aged, who remain on their late master's plantation, and who are reported as being almost destitute of food. I do not believe the enemy has at any time a greater force than a few pickets for observation. The Plato got aground late in the afternoon, where she was forced to lie until flood-tide. A detachment of 40 men was put on board to protect her in case she should be attacked by the enemy's boats.

I am under obligations to Captain Lane, late Government agent in this department, for information which led to my finding the cotton.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Post.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 19-27, 1864.-Operations on Saint John's River, Fla., including affairs (19th) at Welaka and Saunders and capture (23rd) of U. S. steamer Comlumbine.

REPORTS.*

No. 1.-Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army.

No. 2.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army.

No. 3.-Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., May 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the report that on the night of the 20th instant I received from Colonel Noble, commanding forces east of the Saint

---------------

*For reports of Commander George B. Balch, Lieutenant Commander Samuel L. Breese, and Acting Ensign Francis W. Sanborn, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

