
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Lake City, Fla., May 27, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

I have directed the captured property to be turned over to the proper staff officers, except the two swords which Captain Dickison and Lieutenant Bates have been allowed to retain as evidences of the high appreciation of their gallantry which I entertain.

PATTON ANDERSON,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, No. 25. Lake City, May 24, 1864.

The major-general commanding has great pleasure in announcing to the troops under this command the result of a gallant expedition against the enemy's detached posts, undertaken by Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry, on the Saint John's River.

Crossing the Saint John's River in small boats, with a force of 54 men, Captain Dickinson surprised and captured the enemy's detachments at Welaka and Fort Gates, taking in all 56 prisoners, including 2 commissioned officers, with 8 horses, and the arms and equipments of the entire force. Captain Dickinson and his brave ment he returned safely to their camp, bringing in the whole of their captures, after an absence of forty-four hours, during which they traveled 85 miles and effected the result detailed without the loss of a man. Such an exploit attests more emphatically the soldierly qualities of the gallant men and skillful leader who achieved it than any commendations it would be possible to give them. The major-general commanding feels, however, that his thanks are due to them, and while thus publicly tendering the tribute so justly due indulges the confident hope that every officer and soldier in his district will emulate the patriotic endurance and daring displayed by Captain Dickison's command.

By order of Major-General Anderson:

WM. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 25, 1864.-Affair at Jackson's Bridge, near Pensacola, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, May 25, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I crossed early this morning, with 30 men of Captain Schmidt's company (M), Fourteenth New York Cavalry, the Bayou Grand at its mouth (the gun-boat point), to feel the enemy, and after advancing about 2 miles on the Pensacola road, came upon a rebel cavalry picket at Jackson's Bridge, capturing 4 of their horses, with saddles, 3 muskets, and 1 saber.

After searching the swamps in vain for the dispersed rebels, we took a circuitous return around the head of the bayou near the Perdido, and ascertained that Colonel Maury has again returned with

