
his regiment (the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry) to the Fifteen-Mile Station (Gonzales' farm). The capture property was turned over, in accordance with inclosed order, to Captain Hanna, district quartermaster, and Captain Thomas Bondren, acting ordnance officer, respectively.

Contract Surgeon Newhall, just in from East Pass, reports 20 more Florida recruits on their way down the Santa Rosa Sound. These will fill the sixth company of the First Regiment Florida Cavalry, and yet I have neither arms nor horses for these men, who most anxiously desire to be led against the rebels and avenge the many wrongs inflicted upon them and their families by a barbarous foe, as their inclosed petition,* just received, fully explains.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major JOHN LEVERING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 25, 1864.-Skirmish near Camp Finegan, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., may 26, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that yesterday I sent, under command of Colonel Shaw, a small detachment of infantry, about 300 colored and 100 white, two sections of artillery, and some mounted infantry, in the direction of Baldwin. The detachment met but few of the enemy until they crossed Cedar Creek and reached the vicinity of Camp Finegan. Here they were opposed by infantry and a few cavalry. Colonel Shaw thinks there might have been 400 or 500 in front of him. Our advance was within less than half a mile of Camp Finegan. I had directed the movement simply to ascertain the presence of an enemy in my front. I think they are weak, and are established at Camp Milton. A brisk fire of infantry and artillery was maintained for a brief period. The rebels were advancing, but the fire checked them. I had just left the front.

The steamer Saint Mary's was within my lines. I can take possession of her at any time when the navy are ready to operate.

I should gain nothing by extending my lines westward at the cost of a fight. I shall move continually when it can be done with little loss. I have not men enough to spare any without more gain than Florida pines. I am of opinion that the Georgia cavalry is not here. My lines are so long on the east of the Saint John's that all movements require long rests.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District of Florida.

Brigadier General JOHN P. HATCH,

Commanding Department of the South.

P. S.-The rebels had no artillery.

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

