
Numbers 5.-Captain Henry R. Clum, Chief Signal Officer, of operations February 5-March 31 and May 1-July 31.

Numbers 6.-Lieutenant George A. Fisher, Signal Officer, of operations July 1-11.

Numbers 7.-Brigadier General Alexander Schimmelfenning, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, of operations April 28-September 2.

Numbers 8.-Major Joseph Morrison, One hundred and third New York Infantry, of demonstration on James Island (May 22) and skirmish on James Island (July 2).

Numbers 9.-Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, of operations in September.

Numbers 10.-Brigadier General Edward E. Potter, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District of operations October 27-November 7.

Numbers 11.-Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. s. Army, commanding U. S. Forces, Hilton, Head, &amp;c., of operations July 2-11.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Henry M. Hoyt, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 13.-Major Thomas B. Jayne, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 14.-Captain Robert W. Bannatyne, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 15.-Lieutenant Philo M. Burr, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 16.-Captain Walter S. Chatham, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 17.-Lieutenant William V. Hollingsworth, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 18.-Captain Hannibal D. Weed, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 19.-Captain Nathaniel Peirson, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 20.-Captain Harry H. Jenks, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 21.-Lieutenant David Moses, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 22.-Captain John B. Fish, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 23.-Lieutenant Norman P. Farr, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 24.-Major Edward H. Little, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

Numbers 25.-Colonel William W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding brigade, of destruction of blockade-runner Presto, and operations July 1-6.

Numbers 26.-Colonel Philip P. Brown, jr., One hundred and fifty-seventh New York Infantry, of expedition to John's Island and skirmishes.

Numbers 27.-Lieutenant Colonel William Ames, Third Rhode Island Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Department of the South, of destruction of blockade-runner Flamingo.

Numbers 28.-General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, of operations January 14-April 19.

Numbers 29.-Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida, of operations

Numbers 30.-Extracts from Journal of Operations in Charleston Harbor, January 1-21.

Numbers 31-Brigadier General Roswell S. Ripley, C. S. Army, commanding First Military District, of operations May 13-16.

