
steamer that was burnt was boarded by a detachment from my command, and a number of burnt horses found on board.

Great praise is due to Captain Earle, Lieutenant Furman, and the men of Earle's light battery for the admirable manner in which they handled their guns. My thanks are due to Captain R. H. Barnwell and Mr. W. Mikell, of the engineer corps, for their kind and valuable assistance on that occasion, and to Brevet Second Lieutenant Isaiah J. Fox, Company I, and Private J. M. Schnierle, Company I, and Sergeant Jolly, Company F, First South Carolina Cavalry, for their efficient services and the gallant manner in which they acted. The officers and men of the First South Carolina Cavalry, who have met the enemy before on so many battle-fields in Virginia, were eager again to show on their native soil the daring spirit of the old Hampton brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. D. TWIGGS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain P. HAXALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAY 31-JUNE 3, 1864.-Expedition from Jacksonville and capture (June 2) of Camp Milton, Fla.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.

Numbers 2.-Major General Patton Anderson, C. S. Army.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General George H. Gordon, U. S. Army, commanding expedition.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., June 4, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to present to the major-general commanding the following report of operations for the surprise and capture of the enemy's forces within my district at Camp Milton, and the destruction of his intrenched camp:

The line of intrenchments, crossing the Jacksonville and Tallahassee Railroad at a point about 12 miles from Jacksonville, runs in a northerly and southerly direction a distance of about 3 miles. The approach to the intrenchments is covered by McGirt's Creek. This stream runs southeasterly. The intrenchments are about 300 yards from the creek. The approaches to the work on its from are practicable by two roads, the railroad the creek turns westerly, making it difficult to turn the work in that direction without a long detour. South the railroad the works may be turned by one or two roads crossing the creek at either of two fords, respectively 2 1/2 and 4 1/2 miles from the railroad. By information from scouts and

---------------

*See also Foster's report, p. 9.

---------------

26 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

