
JUNE 3, 1864.-Capture of U. S. gun-boat Water With in Ossabaw Sound, Ga.

Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army.*

CHARLESTON, June 4, 1864.

(Received 2 a. m., 5th.)

Night before last the U. S. gun-boat Water Witch, of four guns, was captured after a sharp fight in Ossabaw Sound by a naval party organized by Commodore Hunter. Anderson telegraphs me that on the night of the 31st May the enemy, with about eight regiments of infantry, six pieces of artillery, and a battalion of cavalry advanced from Jacksonville, Fla., toward Baldwin, and the next morning drove our cavalry back on Baldwin. On the morning of 2nd instant, our cavalry advance met the enemy's advance guard and drove him back to Jacksonville. Our loss slight. Our lines as they were before the movement. So far the recent attempts of the enemy in this department have been successfully met and frustrated, but if renewed with vigor, as they probably will, I need more troops. Can any depleted regiments be sent to me? No part of South Carolina Reserves yet reported for duty. Governor Brown can give me no aid, as his State troops are at General Johnston's disposal.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUNE 5, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

The reserves of Georgia are not under the control of Governor Brown nor to be confounded with State troops. What is the cause of failure to furnish reserves from South Carolina? General Cobb, of Georgia, and General Chesnut, of South Carolina, should give you all needful information in relation to the reserves of those States.

JEFF. DAVIS.

JUNE 25, 1864.-Operations on Yellow River, Fla.

Report of Captain W. B. Amos, Company I, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry.

MILTON, June 27, 1864.

DEAR COLONEL: I left here on Saturday morning with two small boats and 15 men for the mouth of Yellow River. When I arrived there I discovered a small schooner lying about 2 miles below with her sails down. I landed my men and made my way to her, and

---------------

*For reports of U. S. naval commanders see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

