
succeeded in capturing her and crew. In a few minutes I discovered another small sail coming up the bay. I secreted myself and men until she came up, and succeeded in getting her and crew. I then sent my boats and prisoners up to camp, and took the small schooner and balance of my men and sailed down to East Bay, where I was informed that there was a schooner by the name of Osceola anchored out about 4 miles from shore with 5 men and some small-arms. So I concealed my men in the boat and sailed for her, and managed to get on her after dark and succeeded in boarding her. I ordered the crew to surrender. Three made to their guns. I ordered my men to fire on them, which they did, and killed the 3. The remainder (2) surrendered. I divided my men on the two schooners and set sails for camp, and arrived here yesterday morning, and I send up the prisoners to-day, and it will be late before they get there, as they have to foot it up. One of the men (W. Leonard) can give you all the information that you may desire about the yard, and if you will let me, after the excitement dies off I will burn the mills on the island. I will come up on July 1 or 2 and see you, as there is some other important business that I want to see you about, &amp;c. Will make my report to your acting assistant adjutant-general of the prisoners and where they belong, &c. My respects to Dr. Tillman and Lieutenant Hallett.

Your friend, in haste,

W. B. AMOS,

Captain, Commanding Outpost.

Colonel H. MAURY,

Commanding East Div., Dist. of the Gulf, Pollard, Ala.

JULY 1-31, 1864.-Operations on the west coast of Florida.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Captain Henry W. Bowers, Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Key West.

Numbers 2.-Major Edmund C. Weeks, Second Florida (Union) Cavalry, of skirmish near Station Numbers 4, near Cedar Keys, Fla.

Numbers 1. Report of Captain Henry W. Bowers, Assistant Adjutant-General, District of Key West.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF KEY WEST AND TORTUGAS,Key West, Fla., August 6, 1864.

MAJOR: I Have taken the honor to report the result of several expeditions undertaken by the Second Florida Cavalry, assisted by some companies of the Second U. S. Colored Troops, on the west coast of Florida, during the past month:

On the 1st ultimo, an expedition, consisting of 120 men of the Second Florida Cavalry and 120 men of the Second U. S. Colored Troops, total 240, the whole under the command of Captain J. W. Childs, Second U. S. Colored Troops, embarked from Fort Myers, Fla., for Bay Port, on the west coast. On landing, the enemy's pickets were discovered and skirmishing commenced. Our troops followed the enemy into the interior to Brooksville, a distance of 40 miles, occasionally skirmishing with them. Seven prisoners and 15 horses were captured, and 13 contrabands brought in. The planta-

