
Numbers 2. Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army, commanding Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

CHARLESTON, July 28, 1864.

The enemy, about 3,000 strong, have occupied Baldwin, Fla., and burned the railroad bridge over Saint Mary's. Our troops at baldwin reported to have escaped into Georgia. The general commanding in Florida calls on me for re-enforcements. I cannot send any without serious danger to this place and Savannah. Can I get re-enforcements from any quarter?

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 3. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. McCormick, Second Florida Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2.

Camp Jackson, Fla., August 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: In reply to your communication of the 22nd ultimo, calling for a "full and accurate report of everything connected with the late raid of the enemy in the direction of Callahan," &amp;c., I have the honor to submit the following:

On July 13, scouts from Tucknett's Point reported that six vessels had arrived at Jacksonville the day before, but owing to the distance they could not ascertain whether they were loaded or not. At daylight on the same day the enemy advanced upon our pickets on Cedar Creek, at the railroad, but made no further demonstration in that direction. A scout from Broward's Neck reported that Turner and Houston (scouts), of Second Florida Cavalry, had been captured by the Tysons (tories). We afterward found they had been brutally murdered.

On the 14th, it was ascertained the quite a force of cavalry had landed in Broward's Neck and advanced as far as Neill Turner's. The exact number was not known. Lieutenant Cone, who was then at Higginbotham's with a detachment of 25 men, and who was promptly advised of their advance, also reported them to be in considerable force. He remained at Higginbotham's watching their movements until early next morning (15th), when Captain McElvey, of the Fifth Florida Cavalry Battalion, joined him with 30 additional men. Captain McElvey now moved down to Turner's to ascertain their strength and movements. He found about 40 of their cavalry, who retreated rapidly before him. He pursued them until he learned that a body of infantry had landed up Trout Creek and was marching to his rear. He then fell back to Hall's Branch, and skirmished with them until he was flanked by the infantry. He withdraw then to Little Trout Creek and again engaged them. Here he was again flanked. He then fell back to Big Trout Creek (t Higginbotham's), and here he skirmished with them until he was almost surrounded.

