
cavalry and 100 infantry (negroes). All the damage done on this raid was accomplished in one day, the distance being very short from the line of the road to Broward's Neck to Callahan.

On the night of this day (the 17th), Captain Dunham arrived at Baldwin with 84 effective men. I also received instructions from you to attack the enemy next morning at daybreak with my whole force, if I did not consider them too strong, and if so, t send for Rou's command and act on the defensive. I was satisfied they were too strong for me, and especially in the position they occupied. I accordingly telegraphed for Rou's command, and determine to attack the enemy as soon as it arrived. Two trestles about 12 miles from Baldwin having been burned during that night, the train from Gainesville could not come through, and the companies of reserves did not reach me till 9 a. m. next day (the 18th).

Meanwhile I had sent Major Scott with his entire effective cavalry (about 180 in the saddle) to feel the strength of the enemy, and to ascertain if there had been any change in his position. He found upon arriving at Higginbotham's that the enemy had retired in the direction of Yellow Bluff. He was delayed some time in crossing Trout Creek. The bridge being burned he was compelled to cross at a ford much higher up. He did not come up with the enemy, they having taken to their boats. He reports that from the appearance of their camps their force must have been larger than had been reported. He sent out scouts, who informed him that the raiding party had also withdrawn toward Yellow Bluff. Major Scott then returned with his command, and on the 19th reoccupied Camp Milton and re-established his vedettes on the line of Cedar Creek.

There was nothing lost at Camp Milton or Baldwin, either in quartermaster, commissary, or ordnance stores.

I deem it due to Captains McElvey and Gwynn and Lieutenant Cone, who were sent to watch the enemy (to check them if possible), to say that I consider their statements entirely reliable. They are cool, intelligent, and discreet officers, and gentlemen of unquestioned veracity.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

A. H. McCORMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. G. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JULY 21-25, 1864.-Expedition from Barrancas, Fla., toward Pollard, Ala., and skirmish (22nd) at Camp Gonzales, Fla., and (23rd) near Pollard, Ala.

Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,In the Field, Gonzales' Farm, July 22, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit that having left Barrancas yesterday afternoon I attacked, after a march of 30 miles, at daybreak this morning the enemy at Camp Gonzales, on the Pensacola railroad, 15 miles above Pensacola.

There were at Camp Gonzales three companies Seventh Alabama Regiment Cavalry, G, E, and I, in command of Colonel Hodgson,

