
comprising, according to captured pay-rolls, over 120 men each. They completed only day before yesterday a new fort named Fort Hodgson, considered by them to be very strong, and they were decided to defend it at all hazards, but submitted to the vigorous dash made by a portion of the Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers, the Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, the First Florida Cavalry (not mounted), and Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, and the well-aimed shells of the First Florida Battery, and after half an hour's fighting deserted the new fort and the camp, leaving in our hands their regimental flag and all their official papers, 8 prisoners (among whom a lieutenant), a considerable amount of commissary and quartermaster stores, 17 horses with equipments, 18 sabers, 18 guns, a large quantity of ammunition, and 23 head of cattle. It is reported that the rebels carried with them on their horses over 30 of their wounded, leaving only 1 in the camp mortally wounded.

The horses and arms I turned over to the Florida cavalry, and will send the beef to Barrancas, but having no transportation I will destroy all the rest of supplies by fire, including Fort Hodgson and all the buildings in the camp.

From inclosed statement of H. L. Knox, private Company G, Seventh Alabama Cavalry, captured this day, the commanding general will see that General Sherman's detached force, expected to reach Pensacola, had three successful engagements with the rebel General Clanton and some militia troops at Talladega, Loachapoka, and Chehaw and destroyed the Montgomery and West Point Railroad, but returned to Sherman's main army without entering Montgomery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain OLIVER MATTHEWS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of H. L. Knox, private in Company G, Seventh Alabama Cavalry, acting hospital attendant, captured at the Fifteen-Mile House on the 22nd day of July, 1864, with the fortified rebel camp:

Brigadier-General Clanton engaged the Federal forces on the 16th instant at Talladega, on Blue Mountain, with two regiments of cavalry and other additional force, and after two days' fighting he was defeated, losing 500 men. The same Federal force engaged on the 19th instant militia troops at Loachapoka and Chehaw, on the railroad, 20 miles from Montgomery, defeating them with heavy loss, and destroying the Montgomery and West Point Railroad, and returned to Sherman's main army without entering Montgomery. Pollard is at present garrisoned by one regiment of infantry and one of artillery.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,In the Field, at the Fork of Pollard and Perdido Station Road, July 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I beg to submit, in connection with my report dated at Fifteen-Miles House (Gonzales's farm), 22nd instant, Numbers 635, that, fol-

