
In conclusion, I beg to state that all officers and men of the expedition deserve the highest praise. Although unaccustomed to forced marches, they stood the fatigue well, inspired as they were with the fervent desire to meet the rebels; and all those who had the chance advanced and fought most gallantly.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

JULY 28, 1864.

Sergeant Ray, First Florida Cavalry, returned from Perdido Mills, 6 miles from Gonzales, says:

Colonel Maury came down to Fifteen-Mile Station from Pollard last Monday, with 2,000 men, 500 of which were mounted, and four pieces of artillery. Maury did not stay at the Fifteen-Mile Station more than twenty-four hours. While there he received orders to return immediately to Mobile, as the Yankees are landing at Pascagoula. One of his companies was coming from Mobile by another route (Blakely route.) Men were sent to turn them back to Mobile.

There are three companies of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry left at Fifteen-Mile Station.

Mrs. Murry saw Colonel Maury and his command going back toward Pine Barren bridge. The men told her that they were going back to Mobile. First Lieutenant W. P. Rice, Company D, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, told her the same. The picket at gun-boat point said they saw 5 horsemen after we crossed the bayou. I saw no track of the presence of the enemy in this vicinity.

Jessie Ray, William Parker, and Allen Holman, privates First Florida Cavalry, confirm the above statement.

JULY 23-28, 1864.-Union raid from Jacksonville upon Baldwin, Fla., and skirmishes.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General William Birney, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel A. H. McCormick, Second Florida Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General William Birney, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, July 27, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the suggestions made June 15 by the major-general commanding have been successfully carried out by the troops under my command.

---------------

*See also Foster's report, p. 19.

---------------

