
sabers, four or five small flags, numerous testaments, and a great variety of miscellaneous property, including one good army wagon. Their forces were the Second Florida Cavalry, Scott's battalion of six companies, four companies of reserve infantry, Villepigue's battery, and Dunham's battery. Some of the prisoners state there ware in addition three small pieces of cannon, making fifteen in all. Their force was superior to mine, and mine were nearly all colored men, a fact which mortified our prisoners greatly. These colored troops were burning with desire to avenge Olustee.

Colonel Harris and Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan, both of the Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers, distinguished themselves by gallantry and zeal. Nor can I pass in silence the important service of Colonel Beecher, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, Colonel Shaw, Seventh U. S. Colored Troops, Major Mayer, commanding Eighth U. S. Colored Troops, and Colonel William H. Noble, Seventeenth Connecticut Volunteers.

Our casualties were 5 slightly wounded, and 1 seriously. We captured 19 prisoners, who will be held, I trust, for exchange for colored soldiers only.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. BIRNEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. McCormick, Second Florida Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT Numbers 2,Camp Jackson, Fla., August 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the evacuation of Camp Milton and Baldwin and the operation of the troops of this command in relation thereto:

On July 23, Major G. W. Scott, commanding outpost, reported that five transports loaded with troops had gone up the Saint John's River and were supposed to be landing them at the mouth of Black Creek. I immediately ordered him to send a scout in that direction to ascertain their strength and movements, which was promptly done. We soon learned, however, from other sources that a large body of the enemy were in the neighborhood of Middleburg, and were probably making their way to Starke or Trail Ridge, on the Florida Railroad. Major Scott was then directed to move with his whole cavalry force, leaving his pickets on the line of Cedar Creek and a guard at Camp Milton, to meet the enemy and check his progress. Accordingly, on the night of the 23rd Major Scott with 98 men moved down near Middleburg, and on the next day (24th) met and repulsed from 300 to 500 of their infantry, driving them across Black Creek. He then fell back about 5 miles to a creek in his rear, for the purpose of obtaining a more advantageous position and of guarding other approaches, and there camped for the night.

Early next morning he was preparing to move against them again when their infantry attacked his pickets. He sent forward skir-

