
I have since learned from citizens that on Monday night (25th) three regiments of negroes, one of whites, one of cavalry, and four pieces of artillery reached Darby's Still, on the railroad, 6 miles west of Baldwin.

I have to report the following loss in prisoners: Lieutenant D. M. Packard, Second Florida Cavalry, and 3 men on guard at Saint Mary's trestle; Assistant Surgeon Wilson and Sergeant Carrol, Captain Villepigue's company, and Private Pendarvis, Company K, Second Florida Cavalry (taken while attempting to go into Baldwin after its evacuation); Sergeant Denham, Fifth Cavalry Battalion, and 2 men, on scout in direction of Trail Ridge; Private J. E. Purdom, Company B, Second Florida Cavalry, on a scout; Private Roche, Company G, Second Florida Cavalry, wounded and captured in action at Black Creek-making a loss of 2 officers and 10 men.

In inclose reports* which show all the losses in quartermaster, commissary, ordnance, or other public stores.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. McCORMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain W. H. BARTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 2-4, 1864.-Naval expedition to McIntosh County, Ga.

REPORTS.*

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Hood, Twenty-ninth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Captain F. J. Browning, Twenty-ninth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

Numbers 1.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Hood, Twenty-ninth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

STATION Numbers 3, ATLANTIC AND GULF RAILROAD,

August 6, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I beg leave to inclose herewith report of Captain Browning, Company C, whom I sent after the enemy who landed in McIntosh, and who succeeded in capturing some 23 of the citizens of that county. I would respectfully suggest that the mail facilities for that portion of the county be curtailed, and that no one but known loyal citizens be permitted to receive from the post-office newspapers. I think it important also that all persons known to be disloyal immediately on the coast, and all negroes, be removed. The means of communication are too rapid and certain with the blockading fleet.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. HUNTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

+For report of Commander George M. Colvocoresses, U. S. Navy, see Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

