
Numbers 2. Report of Captain F. J. Browning, Twenty-ninth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

STATION Numbers 3, ATLANTIC AND GULF RAILROAD,

August 5, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report that on the 3rd instant, under orders from Lieutenant Colonel A. Hood, I started with a detachment of 60 men in pursuit of the enemy, said to be in the neighborhood of Ebenezer Church.

I reached the church on the morning of the 4th instant, about 8 o'clock. I there learned that the enemy had landed at Baisden's Bluff, on Sapelo River. After landing they divided into two squads, one going to the bridge on said river, the other going to Ebenezer Church and secreting themselves in the undergrowth near the church, to await the arrival of the party who had been sent to the bridge for the purpose of burning it as soon as the citizens had crossed over who were to attend a meeting at Ebenezer Church, ordered by Colonel Gaulding. After allowing the citizens to cross they burned the bridge, and then marched about 4 miles to the church. When in a few hundred yards of the church they gave a signal by firing a gun. The other party rushed from the woods on the opposite side of the church, thereby entirely surrounding it and capturing 23 citizens who had assembled for the purpose of meeting Colonel Gaulding. After putting the prisoners under guard and taking the horses, they marched to Blue &amp; Hall's Mill, about 8 miles below the church, where they expected to meet the boats that were to take them off that evening.

The above information I gained from Captain Lefils, who was one of the captured party, but was afterward turned loose on account of his old age. After learning this I made all possible speed to the above-named mill, which point I reached about 1 p. m., and found on my arrival that they had been gone about two hours.

I captured at the mill 1 sailor, who claims himself as a deserter, but who, I think, was left for some other purpose. They had fortified themselves at the mill by building breast-works of some hewn timber on the bluff of the river, at the end of a dam about 400 yards long, which is the only way by which the point could be reached. They were 107 strong; but notwithstanding their advantage in numbers, I think if I could have reached there in time I could have captured the entire party, as they had no possible chance of escape.

F. J. BROWNING,

Captain, Commanding Co. C, Twenty-ninth Batt. Georgia Ca.

Adjt. THOMAS BARROW, Twenty-ninth Batt. Georgia Cav.

AUGUST 7, 1864.-Affair at Bayou Grand, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.

HDQRS. DIST. OF WEST FLA., Barrancas, August 12, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of August 8, Numbers 807, the following additional information in regard to rebel movements:

On the 7th instant, in the night, rebel cavalry made their appear-

