
ance at the mouth of the Bayou Grand, at Gonzales' house, and lighted the rooms, but were promptly shelled from our guns as well as the navy guard ships.

They set fire to the buildings, destroying them entirely, although the owner, Gonzales, was always a rebel, and is now with the rebels in arms against the United States. According to information received from refugees and deserters, there are three companies of the Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry at Pine Barren bridge, with four pieces of artillery, and three companies of the Seventh Alabama Cavalry near Gonzales', on the Pensacola railroad, changing their camp every night.

The railroad between Mobile and Pollard is more closely guarded than before, especially at Perdido Station. Between the Perdido and Mobile Bay there is only a picket-post of 15 mounted men, at Camp Withers, and five companies at Camp Powell. The Bonsecours Bay Salt-Works were destroyed by the rebels themselves. They evacuated the two batteries on the island this side Fort Morgan, withdrawing the soldiers to the fort and sending the colored working parties to Mobile.

The garrison at Fort Morgan numbers 600 men, 400 of the First Alabama Artillery and 200 Tennessee Artillery, General Page in command, and determined to hold the fort to the last man. The troops are supplied with an abundance of ammunition and six month's provisions.

Up to the 9th instant there was only 1 man killed and 1 officer, a Lieutenant Smith, wounded.

At Columbus, Ga., all the machinery from the arsenal and Government workshops was, on the 25th of July, packed and sent via Macon and Millen to Augusta, where the extensive powder-mills are, and it is generally believed that Hood's army, if forced to abandon Atlanta, will fall back on the same line, the only railroad communication left, the railroad to Montgomery, as well as to Madison, being destroyed.

The rebel army at Atlanta is reported about 100,000 strong, if whom 75,000 are effective men. The army is well supplied with provisions and ammunition and the health of the men tolerably fair, but the horses considerably worn down.

General Bragg was at Columbus on July 25, ordering out all men from sixteen to fifty-five, and directing, in person, the removal of all valuable rebel Government property.

Yesterday I received by flag of truce a communication from Major-General Maury, C. S. Army, dated Mobile, August 7, and inclosing several letters for Admiral Franklin Buchanan, C. S. Navy, at present a prisoner of war at the Pensacola navy-yard. The letters were of a private nature and of no importance. I receipted for them and ordered the party (Major R. H. Partridge, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry, and 25 men) to return at once, strongly impressed as I am that the party came only to ascertain our movements in view.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

