
AUGUST 10, 12, 1864.-Skirmishes at Baldwin, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General John P. Hatch, U. S. Army, commanding District of Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, August 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have little to report of interest. On the 10th instant thee was some little skirmishing between the enemy's cavalry and the One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, which was engaged in destroying the railroad in front of Baldwin.

On the 12th, the enemy advanced with two companies of cavalry and a piece of artillery. The One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops was engaged in destroying the track about 3 miles in front of Baldwin. A small force of the Seventy-fifth Ohio in their front charged, and 2 men passing through the line were cut off and taken prisoners. Colonel Beecher fell back slowly, skirmishing with the enemy, and reported the case by messenger. I was in Baldwin and detached 100 cavalry and two pieces of artillery to his assistance. They drove the enemy back to the Saint Mary's, but took no prisoners. We lost all together 1 man killed and 4 taken prisoners.

The small force of cavalry at Magnolia has been constantly engaged in scouting within 10 miles of that station, and have frequent skirmishes with Dickison's cavalry. Several horses and sets of equipments have been captured by us. One man of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry was unfortunately killed by one of the infantry pickets.

It is confidently stated by the people from the vicinity of Gainesville that a force of Federal troops are making raid from Cedar Keys.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. L. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 13-14, 1864.-Expedition from Fort Barrancas, Fla.

Report of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, August 14, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that I left yesterday (the 13th instant), with a combined force of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, about 1,400 strong, with the view of crossing the Perdido at its mouth and operating in the peninsula between Mobile Bay and the Perdido, capture the rebels' camps in the neck below Fish River, and ascertain if any Federal forces, and in what strength, had landed this side of Fort Morgan.

After marching 12 miles through a marshy country, mostly overflowed in consequence of the frequent heavy rains, I reached the old rebel camping-grounds on the narrow neck between the Gulf and the Perdido, 4 miles from its mouth, and encamped for the night.

At daybreak my pickets brought 3 deserters in, coming from the other side of the Perdido, with the report that the rebels had vacated

