HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Jacksonville, Fla., August 23, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of killed, wounded, and missing, in action at Gainesville, Fla., August 17, 1864:

Seventy-fifth Ohio Mounted Infantry: Commissioned officers wounded, 4; commissioned officers missing, 8; enlisted men killed, 3; enlisted men wounded, 14; enlisted men missing, 86. From four companies of this regiment nothing has been heard, and all are classed among the missing, while doubtless, from the position they occupied, they sustained their share in the loss in killed and wounded.

Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry: Commissioned officers missing, 2; enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 13; enlisted men missing, 42.

Third Rhode Island Artillery: Enlisted men wounded, 1; enlisted men missing, 10.

The wounded men left in the hands of the enemy, except 3, who were brought in.

Total loss: Commissioned officers, 14; enlisted men, 171.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-One missing from Seventy-fifth Ohio has since come in; it is hoped that others will yet reach our lines.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,August 25, 1864.

GENERAL: We have little new here since the mail left his morning. I have learned that 5 of the Seventy-fifth Ohio came in yesterday to Magnolia and to-day; 3 of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry came here. I hope we shall have quite a number of others in, enough to reduce our loss considerably. The two companies of the Fourth Massachusetts arrived in good condition from Hilton Head. As soon as my fort at Magnolia is finished, I will send up the One hundred and second; probably on Monday.

Very truly, yours,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General FOSTER,

Commanding Department of the South.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel William H. Noble, Seventeenth Connecticut Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Magnolia, Fla., September 4, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that on the 15th ultimo, in pursuance of verbal and written instructions from you, I marched at daylight with my column, composed of the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-

