
Lieutenant W. S. Andrews in charge of the signal detachments in the Northern District, Department of the South. his command at present consists of 4 commissioned officers and 24 enlisted men.

On the 17th instant, a station was opened at Land's End, Saint Helena Island, to communicate with station at this place. Lieutenant Charles F. Cross was placed in charge of the station, having with him Lieutenant O. B. Ireland and 10 enlisted men. This station will be of but little use, but the officers and men will be near at hand in case of any emergency.

On the 19th instant, Lieutenants Cross and Ireland, with 6 enlisted men, accompanied and expedition under Colonel Howell to Whitemarsh Island, near Savannah, Ga. No occasion offered for using signals, as the expedition was recalled just as our troops were landing.

I have not, as yet, received reports from the officers in Florida. I am, however, advised by letters from Captain Dana, who is in charge of the signal detachment in the District of Florida, that, with the exception of communication by signals between the land and naval forces at Jacksonville, no work has been done by his detachment. The country through which our forces marched, and in which the late battle was fought, is perfectly level and thickly wooded, rendering it impossible to signal.

A rebel signal code was found by Captain Dana at a place called Baldwin. It is the same, or nearly so, as the one discovered, I think, by Captains Marston and Thickstun, with the Army of the Potomac. At the request of Captain Dana, I inclose a copy of the code* herewith.

On the 20th instant, Lieutenant George A. Fisher, with 20 enlisted men of the Signal Corps, U. S. Army, arrived from Signal Camp of Instruction, Georgetown, D. C., and reported for duty.

All the enlisted men in this detachment who desire to be examined with a view to transfer to the Signal Corps, U. S. Army, have been examined, with the exception of 2 who are sick in hospital.

During the month 19 enlisted men who have either declined or failed to pass the prescribed examination for enlisted men have been returned to their regiments. One of these men was, in fact, returned in the month of January, but I think no notice of it was made on any return for that month. There are 4 enlisted men yet remaining, who should be returned to their regiments; they are, however, on detached service with the U. S. military telegraphs.

Nothing further worthy of note has transpired during the month.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the South.

Major W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

In charge Signal Bureau, Washington, D. C.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., March 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the signal detachment in the Department of the South for the month ending this day, and of its present condition:

In the Northern District the stations are as follows: One at Stono,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

