
My loss, as far as known, is as follows:

Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry: Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin Morgan, Major George B. Fox, Captain J. B. Alter, Company A; Captain W J. Rannels, Company I; First Lieutenant R. F. Hall, Company A; First Lieutenant J. F. Kempton, Company B; First Lieutenant I. C. Price, Company C; First Lieutenant B. Sprung, Company F, missing; Captain Thomas F. Davenport, Company H; First Lieutenant A. M. Knowlden, Company I; Second Lieutenant D. J. Cline, Company H, wounded and prisoners. Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry: Captain Morton, Company D; First Lieutenant Mulligan, Company D, missing.

Enlisted men Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteer Mounted Infantry: Company A, killed, 1; wounded, 5; missing, 6. Company B, killed, 1; wounded, 2; missing 14. Company C, killed, 1; wounded, 4; missing, 28. Company E, missing, 14. Company G, wounded, 1; missing, 25. Company H, wounded, 1; missing, 4. Company I, missing, 9. Company K, wounded, 1; missing, 9.

Enlisted men Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry: Company B, killed, 1; wounded, 9, missing, 23. Company D, killed, 1; wounded, 4; missing, 19.

Enlisted men Third Rhode Island Artillery: Company A, missing, 12.

The enemy was apprised of my coming on Monday, and had made all necessary preparations for his defense by calling in his troops to meet him at Waldo, and assembling his militia at that point. His exact strength I was unable to learn, but think it not less than 600, and probably not more than 800, nearly all mounted, with three pieces of artillery.

The enemy fought with determination, and as he had me entirely surrounded, was confident that his superior force would decide the victory in his favor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. L. HARRIS,

Colonel Seventy-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Major EDWARD L. ROGERS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Seven enlisted (5 of the Seventy-fifth and 2 of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry) have returned since this report was made.

Numbers 4. Report of Major General Samuel Jones, C. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, August 20, 1864.

Captain Dickison, with greatly inferior numerical force, engaged enemy's cavalry and artillery at Gainesville, Fla., on the 17th, and completely routed them, capturing 150 prisoners, 1 piece of artillery, and 100 stolen negroes. The enemy was pursued 14 miles, and scattered. This is the third instance of successful gallantry on the part of Captain Dickison I have had occasion to report to you by telegraph.

SAM. JONES,

Major-General.

General S. COOPER.

