
Numbers 5. Report of Brigadier General John K. Jackson, C. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Lake City, August 22, 1864.

MAJOR: The telegram of Major-General Jones, directing, among other things, that I should go to the front, was received here in my absence, having previously returned from Tallahassee and gone to the front at Gainesville, where Captain Dickison was. I had ordered Colonel McCormick to pursue the enemy vigorously, with a view to driving them farther south, intending, if possible, to get between them and the river, and to use Dickison's command for the purpose. Upon arriving at Gainesville I learned that the enemy had abandoned his raid and fled to Green Cover Springs, on the Saint John's River, under protection of gun-boats. The enemy were not pursued by Colonel McCormick with the energy I expected, and moved off directly east and escaped him. Before receiving he order to call for a report from him I had relieved him from the position he occupied and placed Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, of the Fifth Florida Cavalry Battalion, in his stead, under the supervision of Colonel Turney.

Finding that the enemy had retreated to the Saint John's, I ordered back the force that had been at the Saint Mary's trestle (Camp Jackson), and have directed that they be advanced to Baldwin and Camp Milton. I ordered Captain Dickison to remain at Gainesville for a few days to watch a demonstration from Cedar Keys, which is threatened, a gun-boat and several barges being reported in the mouth of the Suwannee River. If nothing should come of it I have ordered him to scout in the neighborhood of Palatka and along the Saint John's.

I am anxious to repair the railroad from Camp Jackson to Baldwin and Camp Milton, in order that we may remove the iron from the Florida Railroad to complete the Georgia connection. I telegraphed to-day for the company of engineer troops at Savannah. Information has reached me that hey are not employed on important work there. If they can be spared I will be obliged to the brigadier-general commanding to order them to me. The repairs to the road will enable me to subsist and forage the command in their advance position at less labor and expense.

I am, major, &amp;c.,

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. S. STRINGFELLOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Charleston, S. C.

Numbers 6. Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. H. McCormick, Second Florida Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS INFANTRY FORCES,Darby's Station, East Fla., August 25, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day of your communication of 22nd instant, requiring a report of my recent expedition against the enemy in the neighborhood of Starke and Waldo.

