
m. within 3 miles of Starke, where my scouts found them, and reported as stated previously. From this place they moved to the head of the Santa Fe River, which brought them only a few miles nearer to Waldo than they were at Alligator crossing, but they were so located as to be able to escape toward Palatka had I marched directly for them, or been too far advanced for me to cut them off had I turned toward Magnolia.

I omitted to mention in the proper place that in addition to the forces then at Camp Jackson I ordered Captain Pepper's command, at Lake City, leaving only enough there to do provost and other guard duty, to join me on my expedition.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

A. H. McCORMICK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Lake City, Fla.

Numbers 7. Report of Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry.

GAINESVILLE, FLA., August 17, 1864-3 o'clock.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that I had engagement today with the cavalry force of the enemy at this place, and by Divine aid the victory was decisive and complete. It lasted about two hours; 140 or 150 prisoners were captured, and will be forwarded this afternoon. Among them were 1 captain, 2 lieutenants, and 1 surgeon, several killed and wounded. Our loss is slight-1 killed and 5 wounded. A 12-pounder howitzer was captured, with horses and fixtures complete; a fine piece. About 100 negroes were recaptured, with tree of the enemy's wagons, a considerable number of horses, and other things. They numbered 342, and were the Seventy-fifth Ohio Regiment, Colonel Harris commanding, and Fourth Massachusetts. This party left Baldwin by Trail Ridge and passed between Waldo and Orange Springs. They pillaged and thieved everything as they went, stripping he houses. The whole command would have been captured, but my horses were completely worn down. I pursued them from 5 to 10 miles after the fight, one part going toward Newnansville and the other toward Waldo.

I had with me besides my own command Captain Rou's command of 80 men, from Second Florida Cavalry Regiment, and Captain McElvey, of Fifth Florida Cavalry Battalion, with a detachment of 40 men. I had only about 175 men in the engagement. The officers and men behaved with great gallantry. Lieutenant Bruton, of the artillery, exhibited great coolness and bravery. The march was commenced from Waldo last evening at 9 o'clock in pursuit, and after a most fatiguing march all night they were not overtaken until 8 o'clock this morning. The enemy are reported to have four regiments of colored troops at Starke, and I have them to watch and look after closely. I hope the cavalry will not be so difficult to manage hereafter.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

J. J. DICKISON,

Captain, Commanding.

Captain W. B. BARTH,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Dist. of Fla., Lake City.

