
on Folly Island, and one on Kiawah Island; these two are flag stations. On Morris Island is a lookout station at lookout tower, and another at left battery. On Black Island is another station, and on Long Island another. The stations at left battery, Black Island, and Long Island communicate with station at lookout tower by means of preconcerted signals.

On the 9th instant, an expedition under Colonel Gurney, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, from Folly Island to Bull's Island, a place some 35 or 40 miles up the coast from Folly island, was accompanied by Lieutenants Clemens and Amsden, with their flagmen. No engagement took place, the object of the expedition being simply to attract the attention of the enemy. Some 15 or 20 messages were sent. The expedition returned to Folly Island on the 11th instant.

In the District of Florida, two stations have been opened, one at Yellow Bluff, about 7 miles from Jacksonville in air line; the other at the pilot-house at the mouth of Saint John's River, distant about 7 1/2 miles from Yellow Bluff in air line. At Yellow Bluff a tower has been built 90 feet high, another on a church at Jacksonville, 85 feet high from the ground. Communication between Yellow Bluff and the pilot-house is perfect. Between Yellow Bluff and Jacksonville it has not yet been opened, owing to the tower at Jacksonville not being high enough.

Another tower is being built at that place, and when completed I think the communication will be perfect on the whole line from Jacksonville to the mouth of the river. At Yellow Bluff we have a force stationed; it is the only important point on the river between Jacksonville and the mouth of the river, being the only place the enemy could station a battery with which to annoy our transports. It is an isolated post and some 15 miles from Jacksonville by way of the river.

Communication is had between gun-boats on the river and the stations at Yellow Bluff and pilot-house by means of preconcerted signals.

No change of station has been made in the Southern District since my last report. The detachment at present is distributed as follows: In the Northern District, 4 commissioned officers and 28 enlisted men; in the District of Florida, 7 commissioned officers and 30 enlisted men; in the Southern District, 7 commissioned officers and 22 enlisted men. On leave of absence, 1 commissioned officer; on furlough, 20 enlisted men; and on detached duty with the U. S. military telegraphs, 12 enlisted men. Twenty-six enlisted men have re-enlisted, 19 of whom have received furloughs for thirty-five days and have left the department. Second Lieutenant John M. Head, Third New Hampshire Volunteers, acting signal officer, has been honorably discharged the service by paragraph 1, Special Orders, Numbers 122, dated headquarters Department of the South, Hilton Head, S. C., March 24, 1864.

During the month the enlisted men have been armed with pistols. The detachment not being mounted, the sabers in the hands of the enlisted men have been turned in to the acting ordnance officer of the detachment. All Government property in the hands of the several officers in the detachment has been turned over to the acting quartermaster of the department. Nearly all the surplus articles and equipments which have been carried around by the

