
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF FLORIDA,Lake City, August 26, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

Since the above report was made it has been definitely ascertained that 28 of the enemy were killed, 5 wounded, and 188 captured, making the enemy's total loss 221.

JOHN K. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 41. Lake City, August 26, 1864.

With pride and pleasure the brigadier-general commanding announces to the troops of this district the brilliant victory of Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry, and his brave command. After a forced march from Waldo they met the enemy at Gainesville, and, undaunted by the superiority of his numbers, attacked and completely routed him. The fruits of this victory were 221 of the enemy killed, wounded, and taken prisoners, 1 piece of artillery (all he had), 3 wagons, and a large number of horses with their equipments captured. Our loss was but 2 killed and 4 wounded. All this was achieved by Captain Dickison with less than 1`75 men.

This unparalleled success merits for the gallant little band in South Florida the everlasting gratitude of their countrymen, whose homes and honor they have saved from a brutal soldiery. The brigadier-general commanding tenders to them his sincere thanks, and promises that every effort on his party shall be exerted to secure to their leader the reward of promotion which he so richly deserves, and which they have enabled him to win.

By command of Brigadier-General Jackson:

S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 17, 1864.-Skirmish at South Newport, Ga.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Hood, Twenty-ninth Battalion Georgia Cavalry.*

STATION Numbers 3, ATLANTIC AND GULF RAILROAD,

August 18, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I regret to report that about 12 o'clock last night Company F, Third South Carolina Cavalry, Lieutenant Mole commanding, stationed at or near South Newport, was surprised and most of the company either killed, wounded, or taken prisoners. I am unable to report the exact loss, but suppose it will reach 50, including Lieutenants Mole and Platts. I have seen 1 of the men who escaped from camp, and heard of 9 others. I can only at this time account for about 20 men of the company. It is probable that a few more may have escaped. It is reported to me by those who escaped that the

---------------

*For report of Rear-Admiral John A. Dahlgren, U. S. Navy, see p. 362 of Annual Report of Secretary of the Navy, December 5, 1864.

---------------

