
enemy came up South Newport River and landed cavalry and infantry; the force unknown. I at once ordered down the force I had here, and have ordered from the bridge that portion of Companies C and g that are dismounted. I will as soon as possible find out the force of the enemy, and whether or not they have returned to their boats. I am afraid there was culpable neglect upon the part of the commanding officer of the company. I inclose copies of orders I had issued to him, instructing him to guard his camp. I also verbally called his particular attention to this matter. Looking to the importance of this matter I instructed Lieutenant Mole, by orders and verbally, to make a reconnaissance of the coast. I furnished him, so far as I could, with a rough map of the coast, stating to him that he must rely on his own reconnaissance for exact information. I could only give him such as I could gather from conversation with citizens of the vicinity. I will have the matter thoroughly investigated and report all the information I can get. I have no idea the enemy landed any cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. HOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain ROBERT GRANT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, STATION Numbers 3, AT. AND GULF R. R., Numbers 71. August 10, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. Second Lieutenant W. F. Mole, commanding Company F, Third South Carolina Cavalry, by paragraph III, Special Orders, Numbers 182, district headquarters, ordered to report to me, will proceed to Riceborough with his command at once, and upon his arrival there report to these headquarters. Upon his arrival there he will place sufficient pickets to protect his command.

* * * * *

By order of Lieutenant Colonel A. Hood, commanding:

THOS. BARROW,Adjutant.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, STATION Numbers 3, AT. AND GULF R. R., Numbers 72. August 12, 1864.

* * * * *

II. Lieutenant Mole, commanding Company F, Third South Carolina Cavalry, will remove with his command to or near South Newport. He will so arrange his pickets that his command will be sufficiently protected. He will be held responsible for the proper protection of the coast in McIntosh County. He will make a thorough reconnaissance of the coast, and so arrange his pickets and scouts that any landing of the enemy will be known. Any landing at or near Darien will be communicated to Major Camfield at Numbers 5, as well as to these headquarters. He will at all times keep his command well in hand.

* * * *

By order of Lieutenant Colonel A. Hood, commanding:

THOS. BARROW,Adjutant.

