
By the fact above stated of the Clinton not being able to pass the mouth of the Bayou Mulatte, and to approach the landing-place nearer than 2 miles, all chance for surprising the rebel camp was lost, and as all my future movements into the interior will require a partial transportation of the troops by water up the different tributaries of the Pensacola Bay or the Perdido River, I would respectfully request that the steamer Planter, which answers well in these waters, and the Matamoras, daily expected in New Orleans from Brazos Santiago, be ordered for duty in this command.

Very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEPTEMBER 18-OCTOBER 4, 1864.-Expedition from Barrancas to Marianna, Fla., including affair (September 23) at Euchee Anna Court-House and action (September 27) at Marianna.

Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,In the Field, September 23, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of September 18, Numbers 1076, that, crossing Pensacola Bay from Barrancas to Navy Cove, Live Oak plantation, on the evening of the same day I proceeded with 700 mounted men on the old Military or Jackson road, 50 miles to Rodgers' Gap, on the narrows of Santa Rosa Island, 6 miles west of East Pass. At that point from the steamer Lizzie Davis [I supplied] my command with rations.

I ascended on the 20th instant on the Ridge orad, after a march of 134 miles, into the interior of West Florida, and surprised this morning at daybreak Euchee Anna Court-House, with the following result, viz: Nine prisoners of war and 6 political prisoners, 46 horses with equipments, 8 mules, and 28 stand of arms. With the prisoners are W. H. Terrence, militia colonel; First Lieutenant Francis M. Gordan, Fifteenth Confederate Cavalry; William Cawthon, an influential rebel leader, and Allen Hart, a wealthy rebel beef contractor.

After making proper arrangements to secure a large number of beef-cattle on the Shoal River, and actually destroying Douglass' Ferry, on the Choctawhatchee River, with all the smaller boats in the vicinity, I will resume my march to-morrow to Cerro Gordo, with a view to cross the Choctawhatchee River.

My troops, although continually exposed to heavy rains, are in good health and excellent spirits.

The prisoners, with the arms taken, and the unserviceable horses, also 16 colored recruits, enlisted this day, I send down to La Grange (Four-Mile Landing), to be received there by quartermaster steamer Lizzie Davis.

