
From the prisoner, Lieutenant Gordan, I learn that there is an efficient rebel force, from 10,000 to 12,000, at the Tensas River, guarding against an advance of Federal forces from Mobile Point toward the railroad.

I am, very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major C. T. CHRISTENSEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-We found a considerable quantity of bar lead stamped "Merchants' Shot-Works, Baltimore."
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, October 1, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report Numbers 1090, dated Euchee Anna, Walton County, September 23, 1864, that after having escorted, by two companies of the First Florida Cavalry, the prisoners and arms taken, with contrabands and other incumbrances, down to the Four-Mile Landing (La Grange), Choctawhatchee bay, and after having destroyed on the Choctawhatchee River, by another detachment, Douglass' Ferry and all the smaller boats in the vicinity, I proceeded with the main command to Huett's Bluff, Cerro gordo, and crossing the river the following day, September 25, in a small scow, I followed up my advance speedily via Campbellton to Marianna, which place I took on the afternoon of the 27th, after a sharp engagement, returning the following night via Vernon to Washington Point, at the head of the Choctawhatchee Bay, where I reached in safety the steamer Lizzie Davis with provisions for my command.

Although on my whole line of march, from the Choctawhatchee to the Chipola River and down to the head of the Choctawhatchee Bay, rebel troops were constantly in close vicinity of my column, with frequent skirmishes with my vanguard, they gave us battle only at Marianna, which resulted in a brilliant victory for my command. The first charge upon the town, with the rebel cavalry in front formed in line of battle and the militia sharpshooters concentrated in the grave-yard, church, and other buildings on the left flank of the narrow path through which we had to pass, was repulsed. The second, however, led by myself, was a brilliant and successful one, and all my troops except the repulsed battalion of the Second Maine Cavalry behaved with the utmost gallantry and secured for our raid a most decided success.

We captured 81 prisoners of war, 95 stand of arms, quantities of commissary and quartermaster's stores, over 200 fine horses and excellent mules, 17 wagons, and over 400 head of cattle, already brought within our lines, besides over 600 contrabands who followed us with the greatest enthusiasm. The most prominent among the rebel officers taken and already brought within our lines are Brigadier General William E. Anderson, of the militia, and Colonel A. B. Montgomery, a West Pointer, of the regular Confederate Army, commanding the District of West Florida.

Although in consideration of the character of the fight our loss is not large, yet it is deeply felt by the whole command. Among the

