
killed is Captain M. M. Young, Seventh Vermont Veteran Volunteers, who acted as my assistant adjutant-general a highly educated gentleman and a most efficient officer; and Lieutenant Ayer, Second Maine Cavalry. Among the wounded are the dashing young Majors Hutchinson and Cutler, Second Maine Cavalry; Captain Stanley and Lieutenants Adams and Moody, of the same regiment, and Lieutenant Rowley, First Florida Cavalry, acting as one of my aides-de-camp. I myself was also honored by the rebels with two balls, the first in the face, breaking the check bone, the other fracturing my left arm in two places.

In consequence of those serious wounds received I embarked at Washington Point, where the troops were already out of any danger, with the wounded and prisoners and board the steamer Lizzie Davis for Barrancas, after providing them with provisions and placing the command in charge of Colonel L. L. Zulavsky, Eighty-second U. S. Colored Infantry, ranking officer, with directions to move down the peninsula and Santa Rosa Island to Fort Pickens, where they are expected to arrive on the 4th instant, after a march of over 400 miles.

The troops comprising the expedition were as follows, viz: Three battalions Second Maine Cavalry, Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling commanding; one battalion First Florida Cavalry, Major Ruttkay commanding, and two companies mounted infantry selected from the Eighty-sixth and Eighty-second Regiments U. S. Colored Infantry, under command of Colonel L. L. Zulavsky.

A full report will be forwarded as soon as the troops arrive.

I am, very respectfully, major, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major GEORGE B. DRAKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 18, 1864.-Skirmish near Milton, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,October 20, 1864.

On the 17th instant, I sent the steamer Planter into Blackwater Bay after logs, and with it a detachment of Nineteenth Iowa (200 men) and a section of the First Florida Battery, all under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry.

At Battledonge a large number of logs were procured, and as the operations of the day were nearly concluded a party of about 300

