
rebels attacked my force, which reserved its fire until within short range. Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling withdrew with a loss of 1 man (Nineteenth Iowa) killed, and another (First Florida Battery) slightly wounded. The rebels must have suffered severely.

On the 19th, the Planter went into Escambia Bay, accompanied by 125 men under Lieutenant-Colonel Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, and brought away 15,000 new brick and a lot of doors and window sash. Detailed reports will be forwarded of both these expeditions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. BAILEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JAMES E. MONTGOMERY,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

Numbers 2. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND MAINE CAVALRY,Barrancas, Fla., October 18, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 245, dated headquarters District of West Florida, October 17, 1864, I left the wharf at this place on the morning of the 18th instant at 10 o'clock, on the steamer Planter, with a detachment of 200 men from the Nineteenth Iowa Volunteers and one section of the First Florida Battery, and proceeded up the blackwater within 9 miles of Milton, where I landed, and, after establishing a strong picket-line, commenced to secure the logs in that vicinity. While thus engaged the enemy attacked me with a force, I should judge, of 300 men. After a skirmish of two hours the battery opened upon them, when they fell back out of range. I then succeeded in securing 140 logs, and returned with a loss of 1 man killed and 1 wounded of the Nineteenth Iowa Volunteers, and 1 man wounded of the First Florida Battery. I could not ascertain what damage we did to the enemy.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

A. B. SPURLING,

Lieutenant-Colonel Second Maine Cavalry.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. BAILEY,

Commanding District of West Florida.

OCTOBER 24, 1864.-Skirmish near Magnolia, Fla.

Report of Captain J. J. Dickison, Second Florida Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SUB-DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, Numbers 2,Camp Miller, November 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: The following report of an engagement between C. S. forces stationed near Waldo, under command of Captain J. J. Dickison,

