
Second Florida Cavalry, and a force of the enemy's cavalry, near Magnolia, Fla., is respectfully submitted, for the information of the brigadier-general commanding:
HEADQUARTERS SOUTH FLORIDA FORCES,Camp Baker, October 31, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor respectfully to submit the following report of the late engagement with the enemy's cavalry on the evening of the 24th instant:

My outpost picket reported on the 22nd instant that the enemy were coming out from Magnolia. I immediately took detachments of Companies C and H, Second Florida Cavalry, and Company H, Fifth Florida Battalion Cavalry, and one piece of artillery and marched for the vicinity of Magnolia. On arriving there I found that the enemy had come out at Finegan's Ford and had gone in the direction of Middleburg, where they had burned several buildings and stolen 2 negroes. On their return I made a flank movement and cut off their retreat from Magnolia. I engaged them near Black Creek, about 6 miles from Magnolia. The fight lasted about forty minutes and resulted in al complete rout of the enemy, many of them so hotly pursued that they took for the swamp, bogging their horses, dismounted and took the swamp, leaving in our hands 23 prisoners and 10 or 12 killed. Of the 23 prisoners 8 were wounded. A captain, who was badly wounded, secreted himself in the swamp, and was unable to find him.

In the engagement we captured 32 horses and killed 10; captured 15 Spencer rifles, 12 pistols, 12 sabers, and 33 saddles, all of which have been reported to their proper departments.

Our loss was 2 horses killed and 2 wounded. No man hurt on our side.

The enemy's force consisted of detachments of four companies of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, commanded by a lieutenant-colonel and major; in all about 55 strong.

The following officers commanded their various detachments: Captain Chambers, Company C; Lieutenant W. H. McCardell, Company H; Lieutenant M. Haynes, Company H, Fifth Battalion. Much praise is due to both officers and men for their gallantry displayed on this occasion, and they have my highest commendation; and by the protection of Divine Providence all came out safe to enjoy the glory of this complete victory.

I am, lieutenant, yours, most respectfully,

J. J. DICKISON,

Captain, Commanding Forces.

Lieutenant W. D. BARNES,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Respectfully,

P. TURNEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain S. A. MORENO,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OCTOBER 25028, 1864.-Expedition up Blackwater Bay and skirmish (26th) at Milton, Fla.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.

Numbers 2.-Lieutenant Colonel Andrew B. Spurling, Second Maine Cavalry, commanding expedition.

Numbers 1. Report of Bvt. Brigadier General Joseph Bailey, U. S. Army, commanding District of West Florida.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, October 25 [28], 1864.

MAJOR: An expedition of 700 men (100 Second Maine Cavalry, mounted, 100 First Florida Cavalry, dismounted, 200 Nineteenth

