
perfectly practicable. The iron-clad Nantucket was in here in July and had no difficulty either coming in or going out. There are 13 feet 6 inches of water on the bar at high water, and by watching a favorable chance an iron-clad, in my opinion, be safely brought into Stono.

Very truly, your friend,

GEO. B. BALCH,

Commander.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, La., January 2, 1864.

Brigadier General D. P. WOODSBURY,

Commanding District of Key West and Tortugas:

GENERAL: Your letter* of 14th December ultimo been this day received and laid before the commanding general, who fully approves of your action in regard to the estalbishment of the small post on Charlotte Harbor, and in the matter of enlistments of refugees from the portion of Florida occupied by the insurgents.

It will not be practicable during the present active operations in other portions of the deparment to give you re-enforcemets, nor can the commanding generla give you any hope of soon receiving re-enforcemtns from the North; but you will receive all practicable assistance in your laudable endeavor to increase your force by enlistment. The gentlemen recommended by you will be duly commissioned. The chief of ordnance has been directed to forward to you 500 muskets, with accounterments and ammunition.

Very respectfully, I am, general, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. P. STONE,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, HDQRS. IN THE FIELD, ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

Folly Island, January 4, 1864.

Captain BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general, that the machines for twisting railroads bars have not yet been made at the engineer depot for want of suitable iron. The experimental ones are too light. The artillery tramways are not completed for want of 2-inch plank, which is not furnished on requisition. The material for the additional platform at Fort Greene has not yet been furnished.

The steamer Philadelphia has not yet been turned over by General Gordon for alteration. All the materials that are wanted and can at present be had are got together for the purpose of making the necessary change. Requisition was made the day after the order was received for altering and repairing the large scow at Pawnee Landing for such material as is required. It has not yet been furnished.

---------------

*See Vol. XXXVI, Part I, p. 855.

---------------

