
I desire to call attention to the fact that there are no wagons with the pontoon train at Hilton Head, and none in the department that I know of, suitable for transporting it, except those belonging to the old train Numbers 7.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. W. SERRELL,

Colonel and Asst. Engineer, Dept. of the South.
HEADQUARTERS GORDON'S DIVISION,Folly Island, S. C., January 5, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I am not at all satisfeid with the defenses on Cole's island. I very much need the seervices of a competent engineer within the limits of my command. As I have none such, I should be very much obliged if you wuld plaace one under my orders for the present-of the regular Army, if possible.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commading Post.

[Indorsement.]

JANUARY 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Michie, U. S. Engineers, will be temporarily assigned to duty with Brigadier-General Gordon.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, HEADQUARTERS IN THE FIELD,

Folly Island, S. C., January 6, 1864.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjt. General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of General Orders, Numbers 39, from headquarters Commonwealth of Massachusetts, dated December 3, 1863, assigning to duty in this department a battalion of veteran cavalry, now being raised in tha State. I am not aware whether this assignment is made upon authority from the War Department, but in case it is duly authorized I desire respectfully to urge that the men be forwarded without delay.

The necessity for cavalry here is so great that I am mounting infantry as a temporary expedient. Upon these large islands the picket duty alone requires a large number of mounted men, and my present force is entirely inadequate. I respectfully request that immediate measures be taken to supply the deficiency from some source.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

