
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., January 6, 1864.

Forwarded, for the information of the General-in-Chief.

I am much in want of cavalry, and very much wish that the new organization, or the battalion now in this department as a nucleus, may be hurried forward.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, Numbers 39. Hdqrs., Boston, December 3, 1863.

The battalion of cavalry recently detached from the First Regiment of Cavalry, Massachusetts Volunteers, and known as the First Battalion of Cavalry, Massachusetts Volunteers, now serving at Port Royal, S. C., will form with the First Battalion of Veteran Cavalry, Massachusetts Volunteers, now recruiting in Massachusetts, the Fourth Regiment of Cavalry of the Massachusetts Volunteers.

Recruits for this organization will receive all bounties and emoluments allowed to recurits for old regiments, whether paid by the State of the United States, and will be received as recruits for old organizations now in the field.

Lieutenant Colonel Arnold A. Rand is appointed to the command of the regiment.

By order of His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor and Commander-in-Chief:

NEHEMIAH BROWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Barrancas, Fla., January 10, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report Numbers 198, dated 27th December,* relative to the enlistment of white soldiers, that the small steamer Bloomer promised to me by Captain A. Gibson, U. S. Navy, was found disabled at East pass and unable to assist Captain Galloway to collect and bring down refugees as expected; nevertheless, the number of Florida recurits execeeds already 120.

In regard to rebel movements in my neighborhood I beg to report the following additiona information:

Off Mobile the gun-boat Tennessee, iron plated and mounting eiight guns, is intended to run the blockade as soon as they can "Camel" her over the bar. She is to run under the command of Admiral Buchanan.

The troops become daily more dissatisfied, in consequence of which their location is frequently changed to make desertion more difficult. At the Fifteen-Miles Station, on the Pensacola railroad, 75 laid down their arms, refusing further service, and were sent under arrest to Pollard.

---------------

*See Vol. XXVI, Part I, p. 886.

---------------

