
General Clanton has ordered three companies of cavalry with three pieces of artillery from Pollard down nar Choctawhatchee Bay, partly to inteercept refugees and deserters on their way to East Pas, and partly to protect the fitting out and loading of several rebel schooners with cotton and lumber intended to run the blockade. Two citizens J. L. Thorp, from Montgomery, and L. Berry, from Alaqua, who are working tools in the matter, with instructions from General Clanton and the rebel Governor Milton, were arrested yesterday by my order, and this morning I started 50 men, all I could possibly spare, on the private schooner Buchanan and the steamer Bloomer, loaned to me by the navy, in charge of Captains Smalley and Galloway, up the Santa Rose Sound to the East Pass and the Chostawhatchee Bay, in order--

First. To collect and bring down refugees willing to enlist into the service of the United States.

Second. To capture and bring down to Barrancas the rebel schooner Champion, loaded with cotton, and evidently intended to run the blockade; and

Third. To capture and bring down to Barrancas any other rebel schooner or vessel lying in the Choctawhatchee Bay and not already taken possession of by the U. S. Navy.

Believe me, general, that movements of importance could be started from here if the general commanding would kindly grant me the requested re-enforcements with two small steamers, and I venture therefore to renew herewith once more my former application.

Inclosed I beg to forward a requisition for 200 cavalry horses and equipments, to mount the Florida recurits and prepare them for field service. Captain Schmidt, Company M, Fourteenth New York Cavalry, is detailed to take the horses in charge.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACH, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., January 14, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff to Major General Q. A. Gillmore, Commanding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit the follwoing report of duty performed in opening signal line of communication between department headquarters, on Folly Island, S. C., and Hilton Head, S. C.:

Dyring the latter part of September I suggested to the major-general commanding the practicability of a line through, and after some consideration of the subject he authorized me to construct it. The plan I had submitted contempated the erection of three towers, respectively, at Botany Bay, Otter, and Saint Helena Islands. He directed Colonel Serrell, commanding New York Volunteer Engineers, to build these towers at the points designated by myself.

This order was issued on the 6th of October, and on the following day I went, accompanied by Colonel Serrell, on board the steamer Ella Morse, to visit the points selected for towers and determine the exact location. That afternoon we located the tower on Botany Bay, and it being too late to go into Saint Helena Sound that night

