
Captain dutch, of the U. S. bark Kingfisher, lying at Otter Island, and his execuitve officer, Mr. Rhoades, rendered great service in the construction of the tower on Otter Island by sending men on shore to assist, and furnishing means and appliances when needed. Mr. Rhoeades severl times went on shore with a party of sailors to assist in hoisting and securing timbers and getting material ashore.

I have the honor to trasmit herewith a map showing the route of the line, and indicating the points at which stations are worked. I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANKLIN E. TOWN,

First Lieutenant 42nd N. Y. Vols, Chief Signal Officer, D. C.

DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, HEADQUARTERS, IN THE FIELD,

Folly Island, S. C., January 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Northern District, Dept. of the South:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to inform you that his headquarters are this day transferred to Hilton Head, where they will be for the present located.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF,New Orleans, January 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. ASBOTH,

Commanding District of West Florida, Pensacola Bay:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 10th instant, giving information concerninc the movements and condition of the enemy in your vicinity and of the expedition started by your under Captain Smalley, has been received and submitted to the commanding general of the department.

I am instructed to thank for your activity, and to inform you that the commanding general regrets his inability to re-enforce you at present, as other movements of importance require all the available force at his command. As soon as practicable, sufficient force to accomplish the desired results will be sent there.

Only a few horses can be sent to you now-some 30 ro 40-and were mroe on hand disposable, forage for them could not be sent, as our supplies are very limited.

The quartermaster's department has a standing order to furnish you with at least one stemaer, two, if possifle; but up to this time, on account of movements on the Texas and Luisisana coast, and the destruction of some and disabling of other vessels, it has been impracticable to fill the orders upon that department for steamer trnasports. The necessity you are under is appreciatd and the impracticability of supplying you regretted by the commanding general. Until such such time as horses can be furnished you you can be organizing and drilling and disciplining your recuirts, who will thus

