
FERNANDINA, FLA.

Colonel HENRY R. GUSS.

97th Pennsylvania, Colonel Henry R. Guss.

SAINT AUGUSTINE, FLA.

Colonel FRANCIS A. OSBORN.

10th Connecticut, Colonel John L. Otis.

24th Massachusetts, Major Charles H. Hooper.

[JANUARY 31-JUNE 30, 1864.-For troops of the Department of the Gulf serving in Florida, see Vol. XXXIV, Part II, pp. 199, 470, 808; Part III, p. 370, and Part IV, pp. 154, 610, 618, 619.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., February 1, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, more fully than I was able to by telegram, that the rebel troops around Charleston are breaking camp. On Saturday, January 30, a regiment which had been for a long time encamped near Mount Pleasant, on the minland, struck their tents and marched away from that locality. They evidently did not merely change camp for another location in that neigborhood or we should be able to discover their tents with our srong glasses. Yesterday, one of not two regiments left James Island. They were encamped between Secessionville and Charleston, about a mile from the former. A portion of them were in huts, which were set on fire by accident or desing and created a large conflagration. From the location of the troops given by deserterswho came into my lines the day before yesterday, the Twenty-seventh South Carolina Volunteers occupied the huts which were burned yesterday and were evidently aportion of the troops which left James Island yesterday afternoon. These facts are communicated for the information of the major-general commanding the department.

I send herewith inclosed a Charleston newspaper of Saturday, the 30th ultimo.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., February 4, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the department, the following facts, which I obtained from William Flynn, a citizen of Charleston, and one of a prty of 8 picked up last night by one of the naval boats in the outer harbor. He is a carpenter by trade, and for some length of

