
reconnaissance upon John's Island, in such a manner as to alarm the enemy for the safety of the railroad near Rantowles Bridg, and thus draw his attention away from the point to which the expedition of Brigadier General T. Seymour is directed.

In obedience to these instructions I have diredted Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig to commence getting his men over to Kiawah Island to night, and I shall hurry forward his preparations as rapidly as possible. I now ask for more definite and precise instructions. In those which I have received I am not informed when the commanding general desires this demonstration to be made, nor during what length of time it should last, and knowing nothing of the character of the movement which this is designated to be in aid of, I am unable to form any opinion of my own in regard to it. In this uncertainty I might commence too soon to have my movement be of advantage, and I might commenceit at the right moement but discontinue it so soon as to have no good result, or continue it beyond the period during which it could be of service, and thus unnecessarily expose my men, or I might be altogether too late. The element of time is entirely omitted from my instructions, and I most respectfully ask that it may be supplied. Meanwhile, and until I can receive an answer to this communication, no dealy in preparation will occur.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 7, 1864.

Brigadier General ALEX SCHIMMELFENNIG, U. S. VOLUNTEERS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Folly Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: I am dirested by the brigadier-general commanding to state that instructions have been received from department headquarters to the effect that Hamilton's battery and Colonel Beecher's brigade will be ordered to Hilton Head, to report to Brigadier General t. Seymour, as soon as transportation can be provided.

I am further directed to request that you will notify the commanding officers of these troops to be in readiness to embark at the shortest possible notice, with three days' cooked rations and five days' subsistence.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., February 7, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: General Schimmelfennig has been ordered on an expedition which will last a few days, and the command of Folly Island will therefore devolve on you in his absence. You will send 1,000

