
men from your command on this expedition (General Terry suggested Colonel Alford's brigade). The men will be provided with three days' rations from to-morrow (8th, 9th, and 10th instant), 40 rounds of ammunition in cartridg-boxes and 40 in knapsacks, their overcoats, one blanket and a rubber blanket, and one extra pair of socks. They will be ready to embark at 12 to-night at the wharf at Stono Landing. Horses and ambulance will be at the landing at 8 p. m. There will be sent with each 100 men three axes and three spades. The command will also taken will it one abulance, stretchers and stretcher-bearers, and signal flags and lights, if they can be had. An officer of General Schimmelfennig's staff will conduct the brigade to the place of rendezvous upon their arrival at Kiawah. The commanding officers of brigades and of regiments will be held responsible for all unnecessary noise. No fires will be kindled and no signals sounded until the enemy has been attacked.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Folly Island, S. C., February 7, 1864.

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you have your command at the wharf at south end of Folly Island to-night at 9 p. m., prepared to join in an expedition to be commanded by Brigadier-General Schimmelfennig.

The men will be prepared with three days' rations, commencing to-morrow (the 8th, 9th, and 10th instant), 40 rounds ammunition in cartridge-boxes and 40 in knapsacks, their overcoats, blanket and rubber blanket, and an extra pair of socks. There will be with each 100 men three axes and three spades; an ambulance, stretchers and stretcher-bearers will be taken, also signal flags and lights, if they can be had. The horses and ambulance will be at the wharf at 8 p. m. On landing at Kiawah, a staff officer from General Schimmelfennig will conduct the command to its appointed place. Commanding officers of brigade and regiments will be responsible for all unnecessary noise. No fires will be kindled and no signals sounded until the enemy has been attacked.

I am, general, with great respect, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Barrancas, Fla., February 8, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES. P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Dept. of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of January 29, Numbers 46, in regard to rebel affairs in my neighborhood,

