SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE GULF, Numbers 36. New Orleans, February 10, 1864.

* * * *

11. By direction of the President of the United States Major John Hay, assistant adjutant-general, is authorized to receive the signatures of loyal citizens to the oath of allegiance of December 8, 1863, at Key West, Tortugas, and at such other places in the State of Florida, and embraced within the limits of the Department of the Gulf, as he may think proper, and he is further authorized to issue to all persons who may sign the said oath the cirtificates intrusted to him by the President. The commanding officers concerned will give him all necessary and proper aid and assistance, so far as lies in their power.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Banks:

RICHD. B. IRWIN,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA.,

Steamer Ben De Ford, February 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General SEYMOUR,

Commanding Advance:

GENERAL: I expect a locomotive to-morrow, which will probably be in working order by next Sunday. You need be under no apprehensions about provisions. I shall use three or four companies of Colonel Montgomery's (Second South Carolina) regiment as scouts up the river for two or three days. You will push forward as far as you can toward the Suwannee River. Three companies of engineers have been ordered to Baldwin, where Lieutenant Michie will commence some defensive works at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., February 10, 1864.

Major JAMES E. PLACE:

The major-general commanding directs that you send at once two companies from your command to Baldwin, under command of Captain Joseph Walker, to report to Brigadier General T. Seymour, at or near that place. Take camp and garrison equipage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. M. BURGER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR,

Commanding U. S. Advance Forces, Baldwin, Fla.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to sya that your dispatches to himself and also to Colonel Hallowell have been received and carried into effect.

