HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., February 12, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 9th instnat Lieutenant Bradley Smith, Ninth Maine Volunteers, in charge of a small party, proceeded from Black Island to within about 800 yards of the Secessionville batteries, and burnt a reble block-house on the edge of th marsh. It was used by the enemy for a picket-post at night, and was so strong that a small party could have easily defended it against a large one. Lieutenant Smith also took up two torpedoes, each containing some 40 pounds of powder, which were anchored in the creek a short distance above the block-house. The boat was fired uponw ith grape and musketry, but none of the party were injured.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonle 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Morris Island, S. C., February 12, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In answer to your communication of the 9th instant, requesting a report of the names of colonels commanding brigades at this post and the length of time they have held such command, I have the honor to submit the following:

The First Brigade si commanded by Colonel H. M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, who had held such command nine months, since he entered the service in November, 1861. The Second Brigade is commanded by Colonel H. M. Hoyt, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had been in command of said brigade one month and a helf.

Since November, 1861, I have been in command of a brigade twenty-three months, three months of which time I commanded a division, of which my brigade formed a part. I organized my brigade in Washington City, on the 11th day of November, 1861, and was placed in command of it by Major-General McClellan, then Commanding General of the Army.

I remain, &amp;c.,

W. W. H. DAVIS,

Colonel 104th Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding Post.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRIICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 12, 1864.

Lieutenant JOHN R. MYRICK,

Light Company E, Third U. S. Artillery:

LIEUTENANT: You will embark the section of Hamilton's battery undr your command upon the steam-boat Clyde and proceed immediately

