
to Jacksonville, Fla., reporting upon arrival at that place to Captain John Hamilton, commanding company, or, in his absence, to Brigadier General T. Seymour.

By order of Brigadier General Alfred H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSONVILLE, FLA., February 12, 1864.

Colonel OSBORN,

24th Mass. Infy., Commanding at Saint Augustine, Fla.:

COLONEL: You will move at once wih your entire command, except two good companies, under a good commander, to garrison Fort Marion and take post temporarily at Picolate. Leave a field officer in command if practicable. You will take three or four days' of cooked rations and 80 rounds of ammunition per man, leaving your camp equipage and heavy baggage behind to follow. The veterna volunteers are not to be taken, but are to go to Hilton Head, as already ordered. No females are to accompany the command or follow it. They should be sent North. Your post commissary is to accompany you. The garrison of Fort Marion are to remain in the fort nights, with the gates closed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF FLA., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 4. Jacksonville, Fla., February 13, 1864.

I. Colonel Henry will proceed with his command to Gainesville, and will endeavor to capture the trains supposed to be at that place, and to run them to Baldwin, or at least so to disable them that they will not be of use for the present. All public property that cannot be removed will be destroyed, but private property will be scrupulously respected. On returning a small force will be sent to Middleburg. Return to Baldwin and report thence to General Seymour.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

P. R. CHADWICK,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,

Barrancas, February 13, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Staff, Hdqrs. Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of February 8, Numbers 71, the following additional information in regard to rebel movements in my neighborhood, received from reuftees and deserters coming within our lines:

The rebel authorities are vigorously preparing to meet an attack upon Mobile, and to prevent a raid upon the two main arteries of

