
while General Birney was disembarking on James Island, and with Admiral Dahlgren in Stono River. Communication was also opened on the 4th between Foster and General Schimmelfennig. From the 4th until the 10th instant, at which time the expedition, or a portion of it, returned to Hilton Head, communication was had almost constantly between the land and naval forces and between the different generals.

Stations were opened on land at the following-named points: At the white house and Legareville, on John's Island; at General Schimmelfennig's headquarters, and the advanced position of our troops on James Island on the 2nd instant; at the battery on Cole's Island, at the battery on Long Island, and at the white house on Folly Island. The accompanying map* will show the location of the different stations and lines of communication on land and a portion of those on the different vessels. Several of these stations were more or less under fire. The one marked A on the map was during all the time it was open subjected to a very severe fire. Sergt. W. Eddy, who was in charge of it, showed great courage and coolness by remaining at his station, sending and receiving messages until our troops withdrew from that portion of the island.

I have the report 1 enlisted man, Private T. F. Rymer, who participated in the assault on Fort Johnson on the morning of the 3rd, as missing since that time. Private Rymer was sent by colonel Gurney (without the knowledge of the chief signal officer in the Northern District) for the purpose of making signals of success or failure with the countersign lights.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the South.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DETACHMENT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., July 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the condition of the signal detachment in the Department of the South, and of the work performed by it for the month ending this day:

From the 1st until the 10th of the month all the officers and men, with the expedition of those in the District of Florida, were with the expedition to James and John's Islands. The work performed by the detachment during the expedition was considerable and of good service to the different commanding officers in the expedition. For the particulars I would refer you to the copy of my report+ to the commanding general of the department, forwarded on the 23rd instant. An expedition under General Birney left Jacksonville, Fla., on the 23rd instant. Lieutenants Vidal and Hatfield accompanied it. The result I have not learned, not having as yet received any reports from thos officers. Judging from the nature of the country in that portion of the State, I think but little, if any, signaling could be done.

No other active operations have taken place in this department since my last report. The same lines that were open and in working order during the month of June last have been in operation

---------------

*Not found.

+See p. 47.

---------------

