
communication and transportation, the Mobile and Ohio and Mible and Montgomery Railroads. On the 3rd of February they expected a raid at Pollard by 1,500 cavalry from here, who are, I am sorry to say, not in existence.

Clanton's brigade, formerly at Pollard, became so unreliable that they were removed to Montgomery and replaced by two new regiments from Johnston's army. The railroad from Pollard to its temrinus is gurade as before, but on the Pollard and Pensacola Railroad there is, in addition to the camp near Pensacola a regiment f cavalry and one of infantry stationed at Canoe Station, 15 miles this side of Pollard. Scouts, 50 strong, are visiting nearly every second day Pensacola.

The companies between the Escambia and Blackwater Bay were also exchanged for Kentucky troops. the same measure was adopted by the rebel military authorities above the head of Choctawhatchee Bay, in Washington and Walton Counties, replacing the former troops by more reliable from Kentucky, which will increas ethe difficulties of refugees and deserters to come within our oines. The gurd ship in the Pensacola Bay off the mouth of Bayou Grand and above it having been removed, it becomes an imperative necessity for myself to make proper arrangements to guard and prevent a fording by the enemy at the mouth of the Bayour Grand or a landing below it. The will engage at least 200 efficint men, and as my very limited command is hardly sufficient for regular picket and guard duty, I would respectfully allude to the necessity of a re-enforcement, so much the more so as the falling back of Johnston's army may daily increase the number of armed rebels in West Florida.

My communication upon that subject to Commodore Smith, commanding navy-yard, I beg to inclose herewith.

I am, very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF WEST FLORIDA,Barrancas, February 13, 1864.

Commodore W. SMITH,

Commanding Navy-Yard, Pensacola:

COMMODORE: The guard ship in the bay off the mouth of the Bayou Grand and above it having been removed, I would respectfully request for information if any other arrangements have been or will be made by the navy to prevent a fording by the enemy at the mouth of the Bayour Grand or a landing below it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 14, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, &amp;c., Hilton Head, S. C.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to my instructions from department headquarters, I hav dispatched the

