
Fourth Regiment New Hampshire Volunteers to Beaufort, S. C., to report to Brigadier General R. Saxton, and the First North Carolina Volunteers and Fifty-fith Massachusetts Volunteers, with Hamilton's battery, to Jacksonville, Fla., to report to Brigadier General T. Seymour.

In the two regiments last named I found a considerable number of men sick with the small-pox, and a still larger, numberw ho had been exposed to contagion. All these men I retained here with one medical and one other officer from each regiment to command and care for them. I shall have the honor to forward a more detailed report of the case as soon as I can ascertain all the facts.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-Supposing that these regiments were about to enter on active service, I retained here also such of the men of thm as were unfit to march.

A. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 24. Hilton Head, S. C., February 15, 1864.

I. Loyal people, and such as desire to become so under the provisions of the President's proclamation of December 8, 1863, who are now absent from their homes in East Florida, are invited to return there and resume their usual avocations. It is the intention of the Unioned States Government, and whollyw ithin its power, to afford them all needful protection.

II. It is the duty of officers to enforce in the strictest manner, and under the severst penalties, all existing orders and regulations forbidding the destruction or pillage of private property. Those who deliberately fail in the prformance of their duty in this particular will be recommended to the President for summary dismissal.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 25. Hilton Head, S. C., February 15, 1864.

I. That portion of this georgaphical department bounded on the north by Charleston Harbor and on the south by Saint Helena Sound is hereby constituted the Northern District, under the command of Brigadier General A. H. Terry, U. S. Volunteers.

II. That portion of the State of Florida contained within the limits of this department is hereby constituted the District of Florida, and is placed under the command of Brigadier General T. Symour, U. S. Volunteers.

By command of Major General Q. A. Gillmore:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

31 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

