
This command will be in the hands of an efficient officer, and will be absent habitually five days. Cooked rations for the time will be carried in haversacks,and 60 rounds of ammunition. No wagons nor transports. Every precaution will be taken against surprise by th enemy, and information will be carefully obtained of his movements. A concise report of each expedition will be made promptly to these headquarters.

Co-operations by rhe naval force may be useful, if only by pushing gun-boats up the river while the expeditions are out, and the commander will doubtless assist you in every possible way at your request to this effect.

The officer in command will be held rigidly and promptly responsible that private property is respected, that plundering, trespassing, and molestation of peaceful and defenseless families are prohibiited and forbidden, and that the people are courteously and kindly treated. No cattle will be killed or taken, or any property destroyed, and generally the fact will be taught that we are here to bring back the sentiment of the people by kindness and protection, and not to exasperate by improper and barbarous irregularities unbecoming to discipline.

No oath of allegiance need yet be administered, but individuals prominently hostile in sentiment may be taken into Fernandina and their cases reported to these headquarters.

A force will be sent out immediately upon the receiption of this order.

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour:

R. M. HALL,

First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

FLAG STEMER PHILADELPHIA,

Port Royal Harbor, S. C., February 18, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Comamnding Department of the South:

GENERAL: I inclose for your information copies of letters forwarded by the officer commanding alfoat here in my absence, and hope some effectual measures will be taken to prevent he occurence of acts so unnecessary and so prejudicial to the public interests. You have already apprised me that you are able and willing to do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. DAHLGREN,

Rear-Admiral, Commanding South Atlantic Blockading Squadron.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 19, 1864.

Referred to Colonel Howell, commanding district, for immediate examination and report.

The two inclosures to be returned.

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General, Commanding.

