
from Fort Myers since the 5th of this month. I have from the beginning felt the necessity of that caution which the commanding general has enjoined in his indorsement upon my letter of December 23.

The removal of the Forty-seventh Pennsylvania from this district under Special Orders, Numbers 39, has made it necessary to withdraw from Fort Myers the company of that regiment now there. the necessry praprations have been made, but the presen norther will cause some delay an the company may bre too late to embark with the battalion now at Key West; if so, if will be sent to Torugas to embark with the other battalion now there. Captain Crane,w ith his 51 men, may be doubtful of his ability to hold Fort Myers. I have left the matter to his judgment. If so, he will repair to an island at Charlotte Harbor or Tampa Bay.

On the 2nd instant, Captain Crane, with 40 men, marched eastwardly from Fort Myers, and on the afternoon of that day put up what is called a cattle-pen at Twelve-Mile Swamp. At midnight soem 20 or 30 shots were fired at one of the sentinels and at the camp. The sentinel was slightly wounded; no other person on our side was hurt. The attacking party consisted consisted fo a small body of cavalry on a reconaissance. The next day Captain Crane continued his march eastwardly, and saw, as he supposed, 40 or more mounted men in iniform, but could not get near them.

Yesterday 5 desertes and refugees came down from Tampa, who report that the soldiers have all left Tampa, and that none remained in Western Florida south of Tampa. They had all been ordered to Gainesville to join the forces in front of General Gillmore. Fort Brooke, at Tampa, is in charge of a few citizens. It would be easy to take the place if the report of the refugees be true, but it would be bad policy, I think, to take possession without being able to retain it.

Respectfully,

D. P. WOODBURY,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 21, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding N. Dist., Dept. of the South, Folly Island, S. C.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a good regiment to Jacksonville by the Delaware, with all possible dispatch. The men will take five days' rations, and will leave behind their tents and baggage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 21, 1864.

Colonel LOUIS BELL,

Commanding 4th N. H. Vols., on board Steamer Delaware:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to Jacksonville, Fla., without delay, and report to the comamnding officer at that point. If you find yourself

