
I am further directed to request that you will place 800 men on the Delaware and 500 men on the Sentinel with all possible dispatch, sending them to report at Jacksonville as oon as the vessels can cross the bar after receiving the troops.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Saint Augustine, Fla., February 22, 1864.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication, dated Fernandina, Fla., February 21, 1864, at 6 o'clock last evening. Teams were immediately dispatched for the baggage of the two companies stationed at Picolate, and all arrived here safe this morning.

I have now at this post about 180 men for duty, including 16 musicians, 50 recurits, who have never been initiated into the mysteries of handling a musket, and 30 men, detailed for duty in the different staff departments. The force at my command is entirely inadequate to furnish a proper picket and provost guard in case of actual danger from outside,but if any difficulty ocurs, I shall doeveryting possible with the means at my disposal, which I trust will prove sufficient for any emergency that is likely to occur. Of that, however, you are much better able to judge than I am.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. OTIS,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Conn. Vols., Commanding Post.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHN W. TURNER,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Hilton Head, S. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that 1,300 men of General Ames' brigade left here for Jacksonville at 7 a. m. to-day, on the steamers Sentinel and Delaware. The remainder of this brigade is now embarking on the Ben De Ford.

The major portion of General Foster's brigade are embarking and wills ail this evening; the rest of it will be placed on the De Ford, which will sail at high water to-morrow morning (8 o'clock).

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF PENSACOLA,Pensacola, Fla., February 23, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES P. STONE,

Chief of Stafff, Department of the Gulf:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, in connection with my report of February 13, Numbers 76, the following additional information

