
during the present month. One outpost station has been temporarily closed. No other change of permanent stations has taken place. During the month Sergt. J. D. Colvin has succeeded in deciphering another code used by the rebels around Charleston. This code is used in transmitting all messages of importance. He is now reading all the rebel messages transmitted within view of Fort Strong. The information thus gained from the enemy is frequently of great importance; so much so, that General Foster has recommended Sergeant Colvin for promotion for the services rendered by him in that particular.

The resignation of Lieutenant W. S. Andrews and the removal of Lieutenant Paul Brodie from this detachment will leave too few signal officers in this department. I think if two second lieutenants could be ordered her the detachment would be sufficiently large to perform all the work required of it. As it now is, so long as no active operations take place the detachment is large enough, but at other times there are not a sufficient number of officers. The signal equipments that were shipped for this place in May last have not yet been received. Lieutenant Fisher has written to the quartermaster in New York in reference to them; still nothing has been heard either from the quartermaster of equipments. The glasses are very much needed. When these equipments are received the detachment will be well supplied with everything requisite to enable it to perform any duty required of it.

On the 21st, the tower on Morris Island was blown down and Private P. C. Dick, who was on watch at the time, severely injured; the surgeons, however, think not seriously. The tower will be rebuilt at once. Private T. F. Rymer, who has been missing since the assault on Fort Johnson on the 3rd instant, has not been heard from other than by an intercepted message from Fort Johnson to Charleston, transmitted soon after the assault. In the message it stated that "one signal corps" had been captured. Lieutenant George Stroop, acting signal officer, returned to this department on the 15th instant and reported for duty, and Privates Burnell and Barrows on the 21st and reported for duty. There is but 1 enlisted man, Private T. A. Rhodes, at present absent on furlough.

Nothing further of importance has transpired in this detachment since my last monthly report.

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer, Dept. of the South.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. L. NICODEMUS,

In charge of Signal Bureau, Washington, D. C.

Numbers 6. Reports of Lieutenant George A. Fisher, Signal Officer, of operations July 1-11.
HEADQUARTERS SIGNAL CORPS, U. S. ARMY,Hilton Head, S. C., July 14, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of duty performed during the expedition which left Hilton Head July 1, 1864:

In obedience to Special Orders, Numbers 17, headquarters Signal Detachment, Department of the South, I reported to Brigadier General

4 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

