
in regard to rebel affairs in my neighborhood, received rom refugees and deserters:

There are no particular changes at Mobile; they are continually prapring to meet an approaching attack. Deserters from Mobile can easier reach at present our blockading vessels outside the bay than my lines, which are now more vigorously guarded by new rebel troops. From the blockading squadron I hear that the iron ram Tennessee is over the bar below the city, but has not yet atempted to commence the execution of his announced "menaces."

There are 3,000 Tennessee troops at Pollard, 500 at Milton, Blackwater Bay, and some at Floridatown, Escambia Bay. They guard the line from Floridatown along Pound Creek, Bagadad Factory, Crigler's Mills, and along the Yellow River. They are by far more severe than the Florida troops relieved by them, and no refugees can now enter from that portion of the country into the Federal lines.

A steamer of not more than 6 feet draught could ascend by the Saint Mary de Galvers Bay, Blackwater Bay, and River to Morton's Mill, 40 miles from the navy-yard, and open, with a small force, the way againt to the many refugees starving in the woods.

Two rebel cavalry companies are stationed a Euchee Anna, Washington County, with orders to force into the Confederate servic eall from sixteen to fifty-five year s old, and to take verything from people sympathizing with the joining the Yankees.

A fire occurred at Pensacola on the evening of the 19th instant, and raged during the following night.

The report was current here that the rebels, in anticipation of the occupation of Pensacola by our forces, had created this work of destruction, and, as the transport stemaer Hussar arrived here in the forenoon of the 20th, I started two companies of infantry on her up the bay to Pensacola, while I myself left with my small cavalry force by land. We found Captain Wade in command of the guard ship Gertrude, off Pensacola, with some of his men int he town under flag of truce, and the fire mostly subdued, but tow wharves still in flames. A few men of rebel cavalry, encamped at the Fifteen-Mile Station, had left the town shortly before our arrival. My cavalry and infantry were set at work, and soon extinguished the fire.

Captain Wade and Mr. Marino, the pretended Spanish consul, expressed the opinion that the fire was created accidentially be some boys, and that the enemy had no hand iin it. I, however, feel inclined to believe that the rebels were connected in the affair, because, first, the fire commenced in several places simultaneously; second, no houses of rebel owners were destroyed, but about thirty-two houses of Union people who are within our lines; third, the two wharves for use took fire, and, strangle to say, on their extreme and, several hundred yeards from shore, while the other two wharves, entirely worthless, were left intact, although in immediate vicinity of the former two; fourth, that turpentine was found by myself spread on the extreme end of the lower wharf next to the spot where the heavy lumber was still burning on our arrival. Thus it seems to me that an intention of the rebels previaled to destroy the property of Union reguees, and prevent a sudden landing of Federal troops at Pensacola.

Four commissioned, who arrived on the steamer Hussar from New Orleans to receive votes for the election of State officers of

