HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., February 25, 1864.

Colonel GUY V. HENRY,

Commanding Cavalry Forces:

COLONEL: If there is no evidence of the enemy being in froce, with infantry and artillery in your front, you will push over Cedar Creek a strong party of observation, in order to ascertain his force immediately near you, and if judge proper drive away whatever small parties may be there.

You will give Mr. Jackson a small escort to the front; pending his absence the above direction will be delayed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., February 25, 1864.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Commanding Confederate Forces, East Florida:

GENERAL: Notwithstanding the information contaned i your communication* of the 24th instant, respecting the body of the late Colonel Fribley, that it has not been indentified, I have the honor to urge that meausres may be taken to ascertian the possession of some of the articles upon his person, with a view to the return of some of them to his widow, now at this place. the accompanying memorandum+ may serve to assist in whatever investigation you may decide to institute.

And I feel assured that whatever can be done by you to mitigate the sorrow that is the lot of this most deserving and greatly suffering lady will be cheerfully accorded. And any reumeneration that may be desired or necessary to procure any part of the personal memorials mentioned in this memorandum will be duly forwarded to the parties having them in possession.

I have furthern to request, if the arrangement can be made, that Mrs. Fribley herself, accompanied by the adjutant of thelate colonel, may be permitted to pass within your lines, in the hope of obtaining more information than can, perhaps, otehwise be anticipated.

The circumstances of this contest will certainly not be injuriously affected by such a conecession to humanity.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., February 26, 1864.

Major General Q. A. GILLMORE,

Department of the South:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 13th and 16th instant have been received and submitted to the Secretary of War, who is of opinion that the commanding general of the Department of the South cannot at the present time be spared from his command. If, however,

---------------

*See p. 330.

+Not found.

---------------

