
the circumstances of the case render it necessary that you should come North, another officer will be assigned in your place, but such assignment will be considered as a permanent change of commanders.

I infer from your dispatch of the 13th instant that ghe objects for which your expedition was sent to Florida are mainly acocmplsihed. I presume that no further operations of importance are contempalted against Chalreston. A considerable part of your force will therefore be available for operations against some other point of the Atlantic or Gulf coast. You will please report he number of men and batteires that you can send against Mobile or some point in North Carolina, reserving sufficient force and means to hold, with the assistance of the navy, the positions you now occupy. Your letter to the Secretary of the Treasury has been forwarded, with teh approval of the War Department.

Very respectfully, your obediet servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 26, 1`864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that when I receinved orders for the movement of the brigades of Generals Foster and Ames to Jacksonville, two companies of the One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers, which regiment is a part of Foster's brigade, were on duty as guards at the signal stations at Botany Bay and Big Bay. A stemaer was immediately dispatched to bring them up, and when I reported that the last of the troops would be tkane by the Ben De Ford I confidently expected that those two companies would be here in time to go upon her. In this I was disappointed. I therefore send them to Hilton Head by the steamer Golden Gate, with instructions to the commanding officer to apply at department headquarters for transportation to Jacksonville.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Folly Island, S. C., February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General A. SCHIMMELFENNIG:

GENERAL: I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to inform you that the steam-boat Golden Gate will leave Pawnee Landing at 6 p. m. this day, and to request that your order the companies of the One hundred and twelfth New York Volunteers which have arrived from Botany and Big Bay Islands to embark thereon. The Golden Gate will take the detachment to Hilton Head, from whence transportation will be given them to Jacksonville, Fla.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

