
matter has caused unpleasant feelings in that branch of the service (the Navy), for which he expressed the highest respect. From al that passed when he was before me, I do not hink he intendedit as an arrest. he earnestly disclaimed all thought or intention of insulting or doing injury to the feelings and self-respect of the officer. The circumstance is to be regretted. I am satisfied, however, that the like will not occur again here.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA B. HOWELL,

Colonle, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA,February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honro to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 25th instant, and to reply that I will cause the proper inquiries to be made to obtain the information sought for in your letter, and will, as soon a spracticable, forward you a reply by flag of truce.

I regret to say that I consider it at present objectionalbe, for reasons which it is needless for me to state but which will doubltess bre appreciated by yourself, to grant a permit for Mrs. Fribley and the adjutant of her late husband's regiment to visit the battle-field of Ocean Pond. At a futue day these obstacles may be removed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., February 27, 1864.

Brigadier General T. SEYMOUR,

Commanding District of Florida, Jacksonville, Fla.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs tha you cause the steamer John Adams to be sent to Hilton Head. You will retain three transports for service in Saint John's River and send back all the others to this place, detaining thse which may arrive from time to time with supplies only so long as is necessary to discharge them. You will order Briadier-General Vogdes to report at these headquarters unless you require his services. Should you require more horses they will be forwarded upon your wants beiing made known.

If you deem it essential to complete the railroad from Fernandina to Baldwin, the iron which was taken up on Amelia Island will be sent to you; otherwise it will be retained here. If you deem it practicablre and prudent you will send for the lumber remaining at Albertis' Mills.

The forces in Florida will be reduced as soon as the position at Jacksonville is secured. You will examine the point on Saint John's River designated as Yellow Bluff, with a view to erecting a

