
Fifth. Another regiment should be mounted here. I cannot recommend the Seventh New Hampshire for this purpose. If the remaining battalions of the Massachusetts cavalry are to be expected, as rumor states, I should be happy to learn the fact.

The enemy has now nearly five times, numerically, my mounted force, cettainly four times. No activity can be anticipated or expected, offensively, while the disparity is so great.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF FLA., DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Numbers 27. Jacksonville, Fla., February 28, 1864.

I. In accordance with instructions from department headquarters, Brigadier General I. Vogdes is relieved from duty and will report to departmen headquarters.

The brigadier-general commanding hereby expresses his thanks to Brigadier-General Vogdes for the cordial assistance rendered while on duty in this district.

II. Brigadier-General Foster will assume command of the division commanded by Brigadier-General Vogdes.

* * * *

By order of Brigadier General T. Seymour.

R. M. HALL,First Lieutenant, First U. S. Artillery, A. A. A. General

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,

Folly Island, S. C., February 29, 1864.

Colonel W. W. H. DAVIS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Morris Island, S. C.:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding desires that Forts Strong and Shaw be provided with reserves of ammunition for small-arms of all the calibers in use a your post by the troops, and reserves of provisions and fuel. Wells should be dug within each fort. It may not be practicable to procure good water in Fort Strong; should such prove to be the case, a supply of from 4,000 to 5,000 gallons should be obtained in barrels and stored in the bomb-proofs.

One hundred thousand rounds of small-arm ammunition and 5,000 rations of bread, meat, coffee, and sugar will be sufficient for Fort Strong; 200,000 rounds of ammunition and 10,000 rations of bread, &amp;c., for Fort Shaw. If storage can be had in Battery Putnam, without too much occupying the bomb-proofs, supplies of the same kind should be placed there.

The brigadier-general commanding suggests the propriety of making up the Requa Battery organization. He thinks that all the material of the battery except the horses should be turned over to Captain Hennesey, and that a sufficient number of the men to work the batteries in the boats should e added o the boat infantry. The horses will be turned over to the quartermaster.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

