HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., February 29, 1864.

Captain G. B. BALCH,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces, Saint John's River, Fla.:

CAPTAIN: The circumstances that recently compelled the presence of a larger naval force than usual at this point being no longer of paramount consequenceI communicate the fact to you for yor information.

I cannot let this occasion pass without heartily thanking you, captain, for the promptness and cordiality with which arrangements were made by you to assist us at a moment when it appeared rpobable that the vigorous assistance of the force under your command would be necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF FLORIDA, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH,Jacksonville, Fla., February 29, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER:

GENERAL: I desire that the troops of your division should be constantly employed, as far as means will admit, in clearing up and preparing the ground on the opposite side of the strema, so as to increase the strength of Jacksonville as a military position. With a direction of this preparation you are charged, and you will effect it in the shortest time possible, keeping as many of your command at work as can possibly be employed. All the axes on hand will be furnished by Major Place, of the engineers. As soon as this is effected a change will probably be made in your position.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.

JAMES ISLAND, January 2, 1864-11.15 a. m.

General JORDAN:

No change of importance has been observed on this front to-day. I carefully examined enemy's works on Long Island from a point half a mile distant; only one face of it can be seen from this island, the rest of the work being masked by the trees and hillocks on Morris Island. From that part of the work it appears and seems to be a carefully finished work, with large maganize. This flank runs parallel with creek from Secessionville, and no guns are to be seen on it. The rear opening toward Folly Island is closed. It is not possible to determine if it is offensive against Secessionville or defensive for protecting this creek. Few men or tents to be seen.

HAGOOD,

General.

