HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Churleston, S. C., January 2, 1864.

Colonel EDWARD C. ANDERSON,

Commanding River Batteries, Savannah, Ga.:

COLONEL: Your letter of the 30th ultimo has just been received. I was not aware that the arms you refer to were State arms. I have, in consequence, ordered them restored to those companies, especially as the latter are ordered them restored to those companies, especially as the latter are ordered to the Third Military District (General Wlaker's), so as to be narer to Savanah for future operations. I intend ere long to send in the same direction the rest of the troops I temporarily withrew from Georgia, so as to put them under the control of General Gilmer, for the defense of Savannah. As regards the question of small-arms, I hae ordered that all heavy artillery companies, or infantry doing permanent duty as heavy artilleriss, shall be armed with smooth-bore muskets, and their rifles be used to equalize the armament of the infatry. That order has already been applied here, and will have to be complied with elsewhere in the department. Of course due regard will be had that Stae arms shall go to troops already similarly armed.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, Numbers 1. Savannah, January 2, 1864.

I. Major John J. Clarke, Provisional Corps of Engineers, having reported for duty to Major General J. F. Gilmer, second in command, in compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 307, paragraph 9, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, is hereby announced as chief of the Engineer Department in the Military District of Georgia and the Third Military District of South Carolina, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

II. All instructions from these headquarters in relation to engineering operations will be sent through Major Clarke, and all engineer officers in the above-named district will render their reports and official papers to him.

III. Commanders of districts and sub-district desiring any modifications or additions to works as planned and directed by Major Clarke, chief engineer, will submit their views to these headquarters for consideration.

By order of Major-General Gilmer, second in command:

J. H. ALEXANDER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, January 3, 1864.

(Received 4th.)

General COOPER:

Enemy has been reconnoitering and sounding in vicintiy of Dewees Inlet north, and Long Island, indicating possible movement in that direction. His ecampment on Cole's Island has lately increased. This shows great danger of uncovering Charleston to protect country and railroad from here to Savannah.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

