
state that a small boat was seen to pass Legareville on its way down, with a man in it, and what appeared to be a bundle in the bow, but which may have been the other man.

I refer you to the report of the 31st of December, 1863.

J. B. L. W.

JANUARY 4, 1864.

Major HENRY BRYAN,

Assistant Inspector-General:

MAJOR: The commanding general desires you to ascertain and report upon the general result of the enemy's bombardment of the city; amount of damage done to property and life since its commencement, also number of shots, average per day, proportion of shells which burst, and what part of the city appears to be most frequently struck, and any other points you may deem pertinent.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.

JANUARY 4, 1864.

Colonel J. R. WADDY,

Chief Ordnance Officer:

COLONEL: The commanding general wishes you to make experiments in the city with the 32-pounder rifle intended for Battery Haskell, with a view to ascertain its range when used as a mortar. The charge, which should be the smallest practicable, length of fuse, &amp;c., must be determined for ranges from 2 1/2 to 3 1/2 miles. When in position at Battery Haskell, it will not be fired without orders from these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.

CONFIDENTIAL.] JANUARY 4, 1864.

Lieutenant FRANK MARKOE, Jr.,

Signal Corps:

SIR: I am instructed by the commanding general to say that hereafter any member of the Signal Corps who shall obtain an important message of the enemy shall be entitled to a furlough of from ten to twenty days, according to the importance of the message, which will be determined by these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.

OFFICE CHIEF ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Charleston, January 4, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

A. A. G. and Chief of Staff, Dept. S. C., Ga., and Fla.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state, in reply to Colonel Elliott's communication of the 30th ultimo, that the preparations now being made for mounting guns on the west face of Fort Sumter imply

