
At your suggestion I inquired from the Navy Department, through Captain Ingraham, if their engineer, Mr. Freeman, could furnish me with mechanics, but he informed me that Mr. Freeman had no workmen and only superintended the work done for the navy at the shops in the city.

I do not think it practicable to carry on this work without competent mechanics with some experience, especially as it would have to be done under many disadvantages.

Very respectfully,

W. G. YOUNG,

Lieutenant, Engineer.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, January 5, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: No mention has been made of buoys in Dewees Inlet as yet. Instructions have been given to have a continual lookout kept from the mainland and Long Island. The barges are reported as having gone into Capers' and Price's Inlets. Should it prove that the movement be one of reconnaissance, they will probably be observed as soon as the weather clears of soon after. It has been too foggy for them to operate within the last two days or to be seen.

A boat approached within 500 yards of Battery Beauregard yesterday afternoon, and was fired upon. I have urged forward the building of the chevaux-de-frise recommended some time since, and hope it will be commenced this morning. If the telegraph wire recommended in my letter of yesterday can be procured, it will add much to the security of exposed points.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SULLIVAN'S ISLAND, January 5, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the annexed report of subsistence at this post.

The supply of bacon being exhausted, and fresh beef having also failed, the troops of this command had no meat yesterday, and I am unable to procure any from Mount Pleasant or Charleston. The supply of meal and grist is smaller than usual, as Major Molloy, commissary of subsistence, was unable to send me any on my last requisition. A full supply is expected soon. The stock of candles, soap, and whisky will be increased so soon as I can procure a boat to bring some, which will probably be to-night or to-morrow night.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. R. ROBERTSON,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

