
are the best we can get in the present condition of our manufacturing resources. It is proper to add that the number of guns at our disposal of the proper description for alteration is limited.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C, January 9, 1864.

Flag-Officer J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, Charleston:

SIR: Your letter of this date has been received, and I shall be happy to do all in my power to afford assistance to Flag-Officer Ingraham in procuring fuel for naval purposes, to which end I have directed Major Lee, chief quartermaster, to confer at once with him, ascertain his wants, and take all practicable measures to meet them.

Unfortunately, however, we do not have direct control over the railroads, but it is hoped by proper management something material may be effected.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EAST FLORIDA, Numbers 6. Lake City, Fla., January 9, 1864.

1. In conformity with orders from department headquarters, commanding officers of posts from or near which vessels leave for foreign countries will be vigilant to prevent the passage of persons without proper papers, and will issue orders for the examination of vessels before their departure, and for the arrest of passengers on board without passports.

2. After this date no passports for foreign countries, other than those emanating from department headquarters, will be considered sufficient.

3. The proper officers and crew or ship's company, as ascertained by her papers or other satisfactory evidence, will be permitted to pass out on board their vessels, but vigilance will be used to prevent an abuse of this right.

4. The commanding officer at Camp Finegan will direct his provost officer on the train and officer commanding at Jacksonville to arrest all strangers found at that place, or on the way there, who are without proper passes from these headquarters. This paragraph does not refer to persons who are well known as citizens resident in the vicinity.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Finegan:

W. CALL,Assistant Adjutant-General.

JANUARY 10, 1864.

Colonel D. B. HARRIS, Chief of Engineers:

COLONEL: The commanding general is informed that a portion of the piling on the Edisto River, which was removed by the enemy in

