
July last, has not been replaced; it is his wish that the gap shall be piled across as soon as practicable.

If practicable it is deemed desirable that the guns at Wilton's Bluff shall be so arranged as to command both the land and water approaches, and that rifle-pits shall be dug for infantry to prevent a recurrence of the scenes of July 10, 1863, when the enemy by landing below compelled its evacuation, the artillery having no support.

The commanding general also wishes about half a dozen torpedoes properly placed in each of the following streams: Ashepoo, the several creeks intersecting the road leading from Jacksonborough Ferry to Wilton's Bluff, and the Cheraw.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 10, 1864.

Brigadier General G. J. RAINS,

Commanding Sub-Marine Defenses:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of the report of Lieutenant Andrews of the 5th instant, and to say that the request of Lieutenant A. contained therein, to place torpedoes in the vicinity of Legareville and at various points near and below the enemy's obstructions in the Stono River, is approved and should be done as soon as practicable. Brigadier-General Hagood, commanding on James Island, will be instructed to commence a sham battery at or about Grimball's, or lower down, and to make demonstrations in that direction by night and by day in order to induce the Pawnee or some other boat to pass through the opening in the piling across the Stono, so she can shell the sham battery. She will, of course, come in contact with said torpedoes.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

J. M. OTEY.

JANUARY 11, 1864.

Flag-Officer J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding, Afloat:

SIR: Your letter of this date has been received, and in reply I have to request that in view of contemplated operations, the nature of which has been explained to Mr. Toombs, you will delay the expedition suggested for three or four days.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 11, 1864.

Captain JOHN JOHNSON,

Engineer at Fort Sumter

(Through Colonel Harris, chief engineer):

CAPTAIN: I am instructed by the commanding general to inform you that your request that "the desultory firing from our side be avoided, except in reply to the enemy, when they choose to open on

