
us," is approved, and that the commanding officers of the First and Seventh Military Districts have been instructed accordingly. You will please notify these headquarters when the nature of your operations will permit existing orders regulating firing to be resumed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Sullivan's Island, January 11, 1864.

Captain W. F. NANCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the result of my investigation of the mutinous disaffection believed to exist among the troops n this island.

The investigation, so far as the Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers was concerned, was by no means satisfactory, in consequence of the absence of Major Rion, who is sick. I am satisfied, however, that there did exist, and still exists, in this regiment a rebellious state of feeling, the continuance of which was due to the inefficiency of the company officers; and I am forced to believe that some of these officers have endeavored to conceal the guilt of their men in the matter, while others made light of the whole affair, observing that "it was only talked of in fun."

The same state of feeling exists to a more alarming extent in the First Regiment [Regulars] South Carolina Infantry, produced, however, by a different cause--the belief of some of the men that their term of enlistment has expired.

There was also some slight discontent among several of the other commands, which, in my judgment, amounted to nothing more than a complaint that the meat ration was not furnished, and it is believed that this has been arrested by the removal of the cause.

A regard for the good of the service leads me respectfully and earnestly to recommend a thorough reorganization of the line officers, and the appointment of competent field officers, as the only adequate means to correct the disagreeable state of feeling existing in the Twenty-second Regiment South Carolina Volunteers.

I would also suggest the propriety of removing to a place of security several men belonging to the First Regiment of Infantry, now in confinement for mutinous conduct.

Respectfully submitted.

H. L. BENBOW,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT,Mount Pleasant, January 12, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for the information of the commanding general.

It was reported to me that there was a threatened mutiny among some of the troops on Sullivan's Island night before last. I have had the matter inquired into, and this report has been submitted by Colonel Benbow, as the result of his investigation, I earnestly hope

