
some action may be taken which will improve the condition of the Twenty-second Regiment. The men of the First South Carolina Infantry alluded to have been ordered to be sent to the provost-marshal in the city, under guard.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 14, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant and Inspector General, with the following remarks, to wit:

First. The great want of field officers with the Twenty-second Regiment has been brought to the notice of the War Department on several previous occasions, particularly on the 9th of December, 1863. The colonel of this regiment was tried by court-martial on the 4th of May, 1863, from which time he has not been on duty with his command. The lieutenant-colonel has been suspended for months for utter incompetency. The major has been absent for nearly a year without leave. Major Rion, of the Seventh South Carolina Battalion, whom I placed in command of the regiment, and whom I have already recommended for its colonel, is now absent, sick. I earnestly request that steps may be taken to supply this regiment with competent field officers.

Second. The question that disturbs the First Regiment South Carolina Infantry (Butler's) has already been brought to the notice of the War Department.

Third. The insufficient supply of the meat ration was likewise the subject of papers sent forward on the 3rd instant.

It is feared there will be a recurrence, under present arrangements, at an early day, of this cause of complaint. I hope that the War Department will take occasion to have these sources of trouble removed.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]

Colonel PALFREY:

Let me have all the facts referred to by General Beauregard in his indorsement, especially his letter of December 9, 1863.

S. C.

[Fourth indorsement.]

Inclosed is a recommendation* for an appointment of major to Twenty-second South Carolina. Applications for the appointment of Major Rion as colonel of this regiment were submitted to Secretary on December 16.

R.

[Fifth indorsement.]

The letter of December 9, alluded to in the within indorsement, is not on file in this office.

ED. A. PALFREY.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

