
The troops were immediately landed on James Island and were placed in the second line of intrenchments. I proceeded to signal station at General Schimmelfennig's headquarters and assisted Lieutenant Roberts.

On the 5th of July, I received orders from you to have communication opened with Lieutenant Carrique, with General Saxton, on John's Island. On the 6th instant, I was relieved by General Birney from signal duty,he having been ordered to Florida. Being unable to report to you, as you had gone to Hilton Head with General Foster, I used every effort to open communication with the forces on John's Island and with the fleet and general commanding. Every assistance was rendered me which I asked for, and I was thus enabled, by cutting down a large portion of the woods, to open communication with the forces on Johnson's Island and also with the fleet in Stono River. I remained with General Schimmelfenning until the evening of the 10th,when we evacuated James Island and proceeded to Folly Island, where I found Lieutenants Brodie and Carrique with their parties, waiting transportation to Hilton Head. I immediately too charge of their horses, &amp;c., and they were enabled to proceed to Hilton Head on the 11th. Same night I obtained transportation for horses and men and reached Hilton Head morning of July 12, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. FISHER,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

Captain H. R. CLUM,

Chief Signal Officer.

No. 7. Reports of Brigadier General Alexander Schimmelfennig, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, of operations April 28-September 2.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT., OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., May 5, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Since the visit of Brigadier-General Hatch to this district (Thursday, April 28) nothing of importance has occurred. I have to reports as follows:

No prisoners have been made, no deserters come in. All the information received is from the outposts.

On Sullivan's Island small working parties appear from time to time as usual. A battalion has been seen drilling as heretofore. The batteries fired an occasional shot at Morris Island, and last night they opened from Sullivan's and James Island, firing 20 or 25 shots, but without effect.

Fort Sumter. - The bombardment has been confined to shelling form our mortars at irregular intervals, an at the rate of about 4 an hour; occasionally by volleys from all the mortars. About one-half of the shells explode in our immediately over the fort. The result within the fort is not known, but the steamers have discontinued to ply between the city and Sumter at night. This firing

