
and the supply of the bread ration must have failed likewise, while as long as these supplies were kept up his men would have been the purveyors of corn grits and salt to the people of the country or thrown them away.

General Beauregard wanted a loyal staff officer, selected by himself, placed as chief over the officers previously in charge of the commissariat, which is contrary to the principles on which disbursing bureaus are organized. When men think that sufficient efforts have not been made to provide what is due, dissatisfaction will ensue. If orders of the commanding officer imply distrust of the staff officers, and are threatening to them, that is fostered, and if he issues illegal orders, which have to be annulled, respecting the commissariat, they are sure to be dissatisfied. I believe if the officers were instructed as to the true condition, the men would be made to understand it, and would uncomplainingly endure much privation when inevitable.

In this connection I refer to a letter written by me and filed in the War Department in response to an indorsement of General Beauregard on a paper addressed to Major Guerin, signed "Thomas Jordan, chief of staff."

Major Guerin has long foreseen the impending want of meat, and for over a twelvemonth has used exertions to provide an equivalent of breadstuff for deficiency in the meat ration, so that no disaster might arise from want of nutrition.

General Beauregard put charges against Major Guerin, one of which was incompetency, since which time on several occasions repetitions in substance of the within declarations have appeared.

On 22nd of March, the Commissary-General of Subsistence, in a letter to Adjutant and Inspector General, in reference to these charges, stated that Major Guerin was either much wronged or deserved dismissal, urging that General Beauregard be called on to prefer his charges against him, and that they be subjected to military investigation. In relation to the troops on James Island, they are really better off than those of the Army of Northern Virginia, being nearer the source of supplies from whence corn for the army has to be drawn. My report of November 15 is referred to.

In connection with letter of 22nd of March, above referred to, I again call attention to a letter received from General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff, dated November 18, 1863, and referred by this Bureau to the Secretary of War, asking what are the functions of a chief of staff, and by what right he claims the exercise of authority over the officers of this Bureau. I request special consideration of that letter and my two indorsements on the same, and also to my letter addressed to the Adjutant and Inspector General, dated December 7, 1863, in response to an indorsement of General Beauregard on a letter signed by "Thomas Jordan, chief of staff," and dated November 20, 1863.

The within paper, signed J. R. Robertson, indorsed by General Beauregard, refers to the same subject as this telegram, and is best answered in connection.

General Beauregard remarks, on Major Guerin's allusion to the remedy connected with the currency, that the "middlemen, speculators, purchase with the same currency which Major Guerin regards as another source of difficulty." This remark shows that General Beauregard knows but little of the effect of the laws and other influences bearing on the subject above recited, which have rendered

