
it impossible for the commissaries in any of the States to get for the Government even a fair proportion of the supplies at points from whence they can be transported, or of those which are scanty in the country.

General Beauregard here admits that he "may be mistaken about Major Guerin," but asks that one "more acceptable" to himself may be put in his place. Four days after, on this telegram, he resumes the style of condemnation begun eleven months ago, when he sought the appointment of Colonel Walker. If acts showing "incompetency" or "neglect of duty" alleged so long ago and sought for could have ben sustained they would have been specified.

The only soap and candle factory in the State depended on the manager, an expert, long engaged in it, and now ordered back to his company.

Whisky is not a ration, and some impressed which belonged to the Honorable Mr. Gilmer, of North Carolina, has been ordered to be returned in kind by General Beauregard's authority, but resisted by this Bureau. The good of the service requires that commanding generals should make themselves familiar with the condition of the country and the details they may have to deal with, otherwise they do harm to the service.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

JANUARY 12, 1864.

EDITORS OF COURIER AND MERCURY:

GENTLEMEN: I am directed by the commanding general to request that no allusion be made in any of the issues of your papers to the falling of several of the Yankee shells in the neighborhood of the Blakely gun.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. C. GILCHRIST.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams' Run, S. C., January 12, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication of 10th instant, received to-day, I beg to report that we have 100 men and 8 carpenters at work upon the batteries at Willstown. We are strengthening the positions for the siege guns, laying off the ground for a full battery of field pieces to defend the land side, and will connect those works by a long line of rifle-pits with the heavy battery at Pineberry, making the roads as fast as practicable.

Second. We are also at work at the defile of Slann's Island, fortifying its flanks and connecting them by roads and rifle-pits with Pineberry.

Third. We are starting a fatigue party at work at Simmon's Bluff, which will consist chiefly of negro laborers belonging to Private Wilson, detailed from the Rebel Troop to superintend them.

