
The roads are beginning to be very bad, have to be hauled over very much, and a large portion of our force is taken to get forage and provisions.

I have notified several slaveholders, and will try to notify all, not to remove their Government-working hands from this district, and have just received orders for the engineers to that effect. The commanding general may rely on the promptitude and energy of this command to do all in its power with its means. Now we are beginning to work, as we are just furnished with tools.

I have ordered all the old iron to be picked up at and about deserted houses on John's Island and elsewhere throughout the district. Have gotten this morning from Jehossee Island some valuable tools and iron, all of which will be noted and accounted for to Governor Aiken, the reputed owner.

Captain Schulz has been ordered to aid the working party at Willstown all in his power, Captain Kanapaux to aid those on Slann's Island defile, and Captain Charles to afford all the force he can spare to mend roads and bridges.

I respectfully ask that this communication may be laid before the commanding general for his information.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 13, 1864.

Flag-Officer J. R. TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces, Charleston:

SIR: My extreme solicitude for the defense of this position, jointly intrusted to our care by our respective Departments, must be my excuse for venturing any suggestions touching matters exclusively within your control as the naval commander in these waters.

Inasmuch as the scarcity of fuel is a great and increasing element of difficulty with you, and as, with our batteries in their present condition of strength, there is little probability of an attempt on the part of the enemy to force his way past them in the daytime, I am induced to suggest that steam shall only be made at night (except in an emergency) for the present, the period when any attack may reasonably be expected.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. SIXTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, &amp;C.,January 13, 1864.

Colonel W. B. TABB,

Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: Your views of the changes in the disposition of troops are in the main approved, and especially in regard to the fatigue parties which must now be ordered to construct the works at and about Church Flats.

First. The disposition of the Twenty-sixth [Virginia] Regiment sand of Captain Rickenbaker's company will remain as at present.

Second. The company of the Fifty-ninth [Virginia] Regiment to support the artillery under Major Jenkins must remain as it is.

