
Third. The company heretofore ordered to picket in front of Chaplain's and Church Flats may be removed to Church Creek bridge, and to do whatever is required to make bridges over Church and Bohicket Creeks, in order to shorten the route from Church Flats to Major Jenkins' headquarters, or to the Haulover and Aberpoolie, and to make a road of retreat from the east side of John's Island without making the detour around the heads of Bohicket and Church Creeks.

Fourth. The picket on Rutledge's Island may for the present be drawn in.

Fifth. Let a detail of a non-commissioned officer and 3 men be made permanently to constitute a guard of stores and premises at Rantowles Station.

Sixth. Let the company at Chaplain's be drawn in to Church Flats for the present.

Seventh. Explore and report whether and where a bridge can be constructed over Log Bridge Creek to connect Church Flats with Chaplain's. That creek can easily be and is now crossed below the Savannah turnpike. You forget that the road to Church Flats passes below that turnpike from Rantowles Station, and it may be made to pass much lower down the creek.

Eighth. Pickets on the Stono and Kiawah do not guard approaches from Wadmalaw Island, the landings at Rockville, or Bear's Bluff. The company for fatigue on bridges over Church and Bohicket Creeks will picket the defiles there.

Ninth. Tools, shovels, spades, and axes, and the engineer in charge, Mr. Tennent, will be sent to Church Flats to construct works for the West Sub-Military District. The necessary details of from 80 to 100 men will be made under 2 commissioned officers to superintend to works, under instructions from the engineer. The company at King's corn-fields will furnish its quota of detail.

Tenth. These changes will be reported to the commanding general by those headquarters, and the tools and implements must be strictly guarded and accounted for.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND DISTRICT, GEORGIA STATE GUARDS,Savannah, January 13, 1864.

Captain GEORGE A. MERCER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: It becomes my duty to apprise you of the fact that I am in receipt of a letter from Major-General Cobb, commanding State Guard, which settles the question as to the time when the troops under my command are to be mustered out of service. Their term will expire at the close of six months from the date of their original muster-rolls. The result will be that in the earlier days of February next the regiments and battalions now near Savannah will have ceased to exist. I beg that this fact may be brought at once to the attention of the commanding general.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. JACKSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second District.

