
on Little Folly, and on more than one occasion I directed the batteries on Morris Island to shell that portion of Little Folly Island.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. GRAHAM,

Colonel Twenty-first South Carolina Volunteers.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 14, 1864-8 p. m.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

Report from Port Royal says:

One monitor and thirty-five vessels have left harbor during fog, probably with troops; destination unknown.

Enemy's fire on city from Morris Island still continues, with little damage.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 14, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding, &amp;c., Wilmington, N. C.:

One monitor and thirty-five vessels reported to have left Port Royal for destination unknown; supposed to be waters of Savannah. Anything stirring in your vicinity?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 14, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General J. F. GILMER,

Second in command, Savannah, Ga.:

Report from Port Royal says:

One iron-clad and thirty-five vessels have left harbor during fog, probably with troops.

Keep bright lookout in direction of Warsaw and Ossabaw and telegraph me any news.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. SIXTH MIL. DIST., DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, &C.,January 14, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I received your telegram this evening, and beg you to believe that I hardly feel deserving of your praise for promptitude in the progress of our defensive works on these lines. We have barely prepared to begin, so tardy have been the supplies of every necessary for our works. First, we needed tools and transportation, and have just fairly gotten them. The weather of late has dampened literally every effort to begin the collection of materials, and now we need laborers. I am encouraged, however, to expect some slaves and free negroes soon, in addition to the details of troops I have ordered and which I will soon strengthen. And I am relieved by saying that the main consideration of what ought to be and must

