
home. Their presence here may have a bad effect upon the other troops and their spirit and tone may be improved by removal to more distant points.

It will be necessary, of course, to send other troops in the place of those removed.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. COLSTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 15, 1864.

Colonel D. B. HARRIS,

Chief Engineer:

COLONEL: The commanding general wishes torpedoes properly placed in the Ogeechee River. Mr. Toombs, engineer, C. S. Navy, in charge of the David, has been instructed to apply to you for information as to the position of the torpedoes in the Wappoo.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.

JANUARY 15, 1864.

Mr. TOOMBS,

Engineer, C. S. Navy, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: The commanding general instructs me to inform you that there are torpedoes in the Wappoo. Colonel D. B. Harris, chief engineer, will, upon application, point out their positions to you.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.

CHARLESTON, January 13, 1864.

General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I was in Augusta on the 13th instant, and had a conversation with Captain Parker, provost-marshal, and Captain Wood, enrolling officer. They have been apprised of the intended stampede of the Jews, and have promised to devise the best means in their power to prevent it. They have 2 men detailed as detectives, who are well acquainted in Augusta. These men, with a sufficient guard on the trains, would prove invaluable.

Captain Parker says he has plenty of men to do this, and has asked Colonel Rains to permit him to use them in that way, but Colonel Rains refused. He asked me to tell you in order that you would order this to be done. The guard I spoke of in my last report are still doing good work in Augusta. I have also the pleasure to report that I have accomplished the arrest of a notorious rascal named George Allen, who I have been after for some [time], and who has traveled since the battle of Shiloh on forged papers as an officer in the army. He has been conscripted.

Very respectfully,

H. J. KLINCK,

Special Officer.

