
on one of the printed blanks furnished from this office, and which required that these returns should be made according to brigades, divisions, and army corps.

The call of the President on me for the information sought caused me to lay before him the two dispatches referred to and the substance of your return. He has returned them to me, with the following indorsement, which is referred to you for your consideration and action: "Require these returns to be made conformably to orders."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD SUB-DISTRICT,John's Island, January 20, 1864.

Captain JAMES H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: General Orders, Nos. 1 and 2, Adjutant and Inspector General, have been received per courier to-day and will be distributed immediately.

I applied, as per confidential correspondence, to Lieutenant-Colonel Jones for men and tools, and received a detail of 90 men, under charge of Lieutenants Talley and Moore, and 45 shovels, but there having been some delay for want of transportation for the tools and scarcity of rations of the men, we did not arrive at our destination until late last evening. The men being weary, I allowed them to rest until 4 o'clock this morning, when I commenced operations, and at sundown this evening M. A. Moore, a private of my company, acting engineer, reports the battery nearly completed; it is about 100 feet long, including the curtins on each end, and 30 feet deep. W. E. Fripp, another private of the scouts, has already constructed four Quaker guns with carriages, ready for mounting. They will be painted, &amp;c. The battery was partially unmasked to-day to allow the enemy a glimpse of it, but they not up to sunset taken any notice of it. The Pawnee came up as far as our batteries at Ladies Island, but did not proceed any farther up the river. I would respectfully suggest that the battery be allowed to remain in barbette until we ascertain that they have noticed us, and let them see the wheels of our Quakers. I will then slowly convert it into an embrasure battery to-morrow. I will mount a sentinel on the parapet who may attract attention by the glitter of his gun. Should that fail, with your permission I will take down one of the field pieces, put her in position between the Quakers, and open fire on the pickets at the point of Horse Island. The battery is built so as to be of actual use if necessary.

My duties at headquarters have compelled me to return from Grimball's, and I have ordered Captain Humphrey, Company F, Sixth Regiment South Carolina Cavalry, to take charge of the detachment and finish the work.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. L. WALPOLE,

Captain, Commanding Third Sub-District.

