
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams' Run, S. C., January 21, 1864.

This report of Captain Walpole has just been received, and is respectfully forwarded. I approve the report except the clause relative to the taking down of one of the field pieces, &amp;c., and opening fire on the enemy, concerning which I await the advice of the commanding general.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]

The district commander will exercise his own discretion in the matter of the field piece.

T. JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 30, 1864.

Major J. D. ASHMORE,

Commandant Post, Greenville, S. C.:

MAJOR: I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant, dated Greenville, giving information of a contemplated Union meeting, under the auspices of one Nathan McAlister, to be held in Anderson district on Saturday, the 23rd instant. You must not interfere with the meeting, but endeavor to have at least two reliable and discreet witnesses present who will learn the object of it and the sentiments of the holders. It is almost unnecessary to add that these witnesses must be disguised. You must inform the State authorities through Governor Bonham of this feeling in Anderson district.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 20, 1864.

Captain W. L. SIMONS,

Acting Commissary of Subsistence, Anderson, S. C.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 15th instant to Major Ashmore, mentioning that a meeting is to be held in Anderson district on the 23rd for the purpose of testing the Union sentiment in that section of country, has been forwarded to these headquarters.

The commanding general has issued instructions to Major Ashmore not to interfere with this meeting, but to have two reliable witnesses present who will be able to report the nature of the assemblage. In case the letter is delayed and does not reach Major Ashmore in time for action on the 23rd instant, you had better send some reliable and discreet person or persons to be present and report the sentiments of the meeting.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

