
SAVANNAH, January 21, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Dispatch received. More troops cannot be withdrawn from Charleston without great risk for defense of this city until enemy's movements shall be positively ascertained, but railroads are in such bad condition it may be then too late. Cannot some of my troops now with Johnston be sent here temporarily? They could be returned immediately after emergency.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 21, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Savannah, Ga.:

The following just received from Mobile:

Our scouts report that the twenty-three vessels which passed on the 14th instant in direction of Pensacola did not enter that harbor.

D. H. MAURY,

Major-General, Commanding.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, January 21, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Simonton reports that the Pawnee came up the Stono this morning about 10 o'clock, and remained below the obstructions until about 3 o'clock, when she fired 2 shells at John's Island, and then went down the river to her former anchorage in the bay. The enemy have been firing all day from Little Folly Island at Secessionville. All the shells fell short; but 2 of these struck the village, and 1 passed over. Nothing hurt.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JANUARY 22, 1864.

Captain FRANCIS D. LEE,

Corps of Engineers, Charleston:

CAPTAIN: Yours of the 15th instant to General Gilmer, reporting concerning supplies for construction of torpedo steamers, suggesting a plan for the organization of a corps for the torpedo service, and requesting that the proper steps be taken to secure the passage of an act by Congress allowing a large percentage of the value of U. S. vessels captured or destroyed to the officers and crews of the vessels performing the service, has been forwarded to this Bureau for consideration and reference to the Secretary of War.

I telegraphed to you on the 19th instant, and now repeat that your action, so far as known to this date, is fully approved by the Bureau.

