
The greater portion of your letters I had considered as reports of your operations, requiring no immediate answer, and my delay in acknowledging them has arisen, not from want of attention, but from the great pressure of other business during the last two weeks. In your list of articles needed you have not clearly stated what you wished the Bureau to obtain, and what you could purchase yourself. You will please hereafter make such purchases as may be necessary for the prosecution of your plans, making requisitions on me for the necessary funds, and making from time to time such reports as may give me a full understanding of your progress. When you require assistance it will be cheerfully and promptly given, but I have to request that you will distinguish between requisitions and reports, stating clearly in a separate letter such objects as may require immediate attention on the part of the Bureau.

Respectfully, yours,

A. L. RIVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Chief of Bureau.

SAVANNAH, GA., January 22, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant-General, Richmond, Va.:

All quiet here. Considerable increase of tents reported yesterday on Tybee Island. Expect to-day to get more definite information.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, January 22, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN:

GENERAL: Colonel Simonton reports that the enemy have been discovered throwing up what appears to be a considerable earthwork on Dixon's Island, near the observatory. It is now about 7 feet in height, and as far as can be seen presents the faces. They are also at work on what seems an earth-work on Long Island, next Cole's Island. At the foot of the bridge on Green Creek a steamer, supposed to be the Planter, is lying in the left mouth of the creek, known by us as Schooner Creek, opposite Campbell's house. No vessels can be seen in the Stono.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Defensive works to enable to withdraw troops for operation.

T. J.
HEADQUARTERS WESTERN DIVISION,James Island, January 22, 1864.

Captain P. N. PAGE:

The work on sham battery was continued for several days. The object being merely to make a show of work to entice the enemy up the river it was deemed a compliance with orders the discontinue it after a fair experiment had been made.

