
respectfully beg the brigadier-general commanding to approve a requisition by my quartermaster, Captain Cushing,for 80 horses and equipments complete, for mounting infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., May 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Nothing of special interest has occurred within the command since my last report, dated the 5th instant. The disposition of my own troops remains unaltered, with the exception of the arrival on the 6th instant of the Thirty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Infantry, numbering 752 enlisted men, and of a company of engineers under Captain McKenna. The Thirty-second U. S. Colored Regiment was assigned to the post of Morris Island, but I have to-day ordered the left wing over to this island, where such arrangements have been made by the post commander that they will have half their for drill and the other half to do fatigue duty on the new works to be built. The force and disposition of the enemy on my front seems to remain the same, except that a new camp is reported as having been established behind Secessionville.

Fort Sumter. - The occasional throwing of mortar shells into Fort Sumter, sometimes by volley, is still continued, with the view of preventing the work of repair. Guns have been mounted bearing on the sea face of Sumter. Within the last few days a new battery is being erected by the enemy near Mount Pleasant.

Charleston Harbor. - On the morning of the 5th instant, a small river steamer was discovered aground about 2 miles below Mount Pleasant Landing,and about 3 1/2 miles from Fort Putnam. She was fired at from our batteries, but the distance was too great for very good practice. Several shots struck her,but not sufficient to disable her,and on the morning of the 6th she was no longer to be seen.

Morris Island. - A 100-pounder Parrott gun in Battery Chatfield burst on the afternoon of the 5th instant, at the second round. Elevation when fired, 18 degrees. No casualties occurred. Twelve contrabands, field hands from Christ Church Paris, 7 miles from Charleston, came into out lines at Fort Putnam on the morning of the 7th instant. Colonel Gurney's report of these refugees will be herewith forwarded. I have not yet examined them myself.

James Island. - At about 8.30 a.m. of the 8th instant, the enemy's batteries on James Island, near Secessionville, opened fire on Long Island. They were replied to by one gun from Long Island, and also by Fort Greene. The firing lasted about three-quarters of an hour, without any casualties on our side.

Kiawah Island. - A party of 100 men was sent out on Kiawah Island the 5th instant, reaching Vanderhost's plantation at daybreak, patrolling the island during the day, and returning at night. They did not meet the enemy. While this party was out, the negroes at Vanderhost's plantation (8, old any young) were allowed to move within our lines, where they are now established. With

