HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., January 23, 1864.

Commodore TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Navy, Charleston, S. C.:

SIR: In order that steamers running the blockade of Charleston may receive all assistance possible from the military authorities in entering the port, General Beauregard has issued instructions to the officers commanding Sullivan's Island and Fort Sumter that a single steamer per night may be allowed to come past our batteries without being fired on.

Parties who have inquired from these headquarters for information as to the rules regulating the entry of steamers to this port have been told distinctly that more than one vessel per night will not be allowed to pass our batteries, but that one would not be molested.

Could you arrange so that the steamers after entering the harbor shall not be fired on by the vessels of your squadron? General Beauregard is now at Savannah, Ga.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, January 23, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Simonton reports that the enemy are still at work on the earth-work on Dixon's Island. It is so built as to command the creek leading past that island to Folly River. It may be one of the series of works already in part constructed, apparently for defense. It, however, commands the causeway leading from James Island to Dixon's Island.

No change of importance has been observed. But one gun-boat is lying near Campbell's house, and not one in Stono.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., January 23, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Savannah, Ga.:

Colonel Simonton, through Brigadier-General Taliaferro, reports that--

The work being constructed by the enemy on Dixon's Island commands the creek leading past that island to Folly River. It also commands the causeway from James to Dixon's Island. But one gun-boat is lying near Campbell's house; none in Stono.

Only a few shells thrown at the city to-day. All quiet at Sumter.

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

