
Satisfied that General Evans will be unable to restore harmony in his brigade, that his restoration to the command of it will result in the undoing of al the good to discipline that has been effected in his absence, and that under his lead I could not reasonably rely on his troops in battle, much as I regret it, I have now no alternative in the interest of my command but to ask that a board of examiners, under the act of October 13, 1862, shall be appointed in your office of officers senior to General Evans.

Major-General Gilmer cannot at this time be detached from his command in Georgia. Brigadier-General Ripley has such relations with General Evans as to make his detail on the board improper, and Brigadier-General Wise cannot well be separated long enough from his command. All the other general officers in this department are junior to him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The Southern Torpedo Company expect to have two more steamers afloat to-morrow or next day, and would respectfully place the same under the orders of the general commanding.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE STONEY,

Secretary.
HDQRS. FOURTH MILITARY DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,Georgetown, January 26, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: The Confederate navy-yard at Mars Bluff, Peedee River, is assuming daily greater and greater importance.

Already has there been nearly completed there a vessel of war of some magnitude, which it is computed will be ready for sea in about two months. It is contemplated, as I learn, to build others, and it seems probable that important additions to our Navy will continue to be supplied from this yard as long as the war may last.

The President alludes to it in his annual message, and its growing importance will naturally attract the attention of the enemy.

It is my duty, therefore, to invite attention to the fact that the only defense for this navy-yard consists in the battery (White) which guards the entrance to Winyah (upper) Bay, and such a defense as might be extemporized by riflemen and field batteries upon the banks of the river. I need not refer to the armament of Battery White; the commanding general of course is aware of its weakness. The position itself is a strong one, and with a proper artillery and a sufficient infantry support might be rendered almost, if not absolutely, impregnable.

In view of the fact that it covers a naval establishment of growing importance, and the additional fact that this may become a

