
(pounds 1,600) by the shipment of cotton, but, owing to deficient transportation, there are great difficulties experienced in procuring sufficient supplies of cotton for exportation to Nassau to meet the past, as well as future, wants of this department. I have already had a large amount shipped, but probably but little more than sufficient to meet the requisitions for other and indispensable purposes and the obligations already incurred.

In conclusion, I will again state that your action to this date, so far as it is known, is approved by the Bureau, and that every assistance which it is in my power to give will be cheerfully rendered.

Respectfully, yours,

A. L. RIVES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

LIST OF GENERAL AND STAFF OFFICERS SERVING IN DEPARTMENT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA.

General G. T. Beauregard, Department of South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida.

First Lieutenant A. R. Chisolm, aide-de-camp to commanding general.

First Lieutenant A. J. Toutant, aide-de-camp to commanding general.

Brigadier General Thomas Jordan, chief of staff.

First Lieutenant Edmund Kearny, aide-de-camp to chief of staff, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Colonel A. J. Gonzales, chief of artillery.

Colonel D. B. Harris, chief of engineers.

Lieutenant Colonel J. R. Waddy, chief of ordnance.

Lieutenant Colonel Alfred Roman, inspector-general.

Major Hutson Lee, chief quartermaster.

Major E. A. Deslonde, chief of pay department.

Major H. C. Guerin, chief of subsistence of South Carolina.

Major Henry Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Major John F. Lay, assistant adjutant-general, inspector of cavalry.

Captain John M. Otey, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain H. W. Feilden, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain E. Pliny Bryan, assistant adjutant-general, special service.

Captain J. Evans Edings, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Captain Albert Ferry, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Captain Neville Soule, assistant adjutant-general, inspector.

Surg. R. L. Brodie, medical director.

Surg. N. S. Crowell, medical director of hospitals.

Surg. S. Choppin, medical inspector.

Surg. R. A. Kinloch, medical inspector of hospitals.

Major General Jeremy F. Gilmer, second in command and commanding Third Military District of South Carolina and the District of Georgia.

Major James H. Alexander, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain Robert W. B. Elliott, assistant adjutant-general.

First Lieutenant Benjamin Green, acting assistant adjutant-general; adjutant, detached from Twenty-first Battalion Georgia Cavalry.

First Lieutenant C. Ridgely Goodwin, aide-de-camp.

