
the above exceptions, no movements have been made on our part or that of the enemy. The new battery to be erected near white house is commenced.

The work of putting the oyster-shell fort on Cole's Island in a state of defense is going on. I have directed the bomb-proofs to be enlarged in fort Putnam and Battery Chatfield. The health of the troops is good with the exception of the Fifty-fourth and Fifty-fifth Massachusetts (colored) Regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Cap. W. L. M. BURGER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Department of the South.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT., OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., May 13, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has occurred within this district since my last communication. The enemy has kept quiet and I myself postponed small operations in order to hold my force in readiness, for reasons stated in a letter to the general commanding the department. The enemy has continued to fire from Secessionville on the pickets lately advanced to Pine Island, in front of Long Island, and his fire has been answered. We have now an idea of the armament of his batteries at Secessionville, which is of inferior description. Our fire into Charleston is the same as heretofore; so also on Sumter, with the exception that the 100-pounder recently mounted has been brought to bear on the sea front, where the enemy's guns are supposed to be. The enemy has fired at various times, and heavily,at Fort Putnam and Battery Chatfield from Moultrie and Simkins, and as usual, imitating out fire, now use mortars.

Morris Island. - On the 11th instant, a 30-pounder Parrott from Tort Putnam, used for firing at the city, burst. I have given orders that some of the embrasures in various batteries on Morris Island be so arranged that the guns shall bear on Fort Johnson as well as on Fort Sumter and Sullivan's Island.

On the night of the 11th - 12th instant, 7 deserters from Fort Johnson, coming over in a boat, were met and brought in by our boat

infantry. The information received from them I have made the subject of another communication.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT., OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., May 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report as follows with regard to operations and occurrences within this command since my last report of May 13:

In order to test the information given by deserters I instructed my command to embrace any opportunity presented along our lines for

