
has compelled the restoration, and now, as appears within, notwithstanding the orders from this Bureau to Major Guerin, the latter is compelled to furnish the medical department or incur the consequences of direct disobedience to the department commander, whose order is an assumption of authority and in violation of legitimate authority.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

[Inclosures.]

MEDICAL PURVEYOR'S BUREAU, Charleston, January 21, 1864.

Respectfully returned to headquarters, with the following remarks:

On the 12th January instant, Surgeon Chisholm, from whom all my supplies are drawn, wrote me as follows:

My distillery is out of order, and I am making such changes as will insure a full supply after this month, I having forwarded but 1 barrel, 40 gallons. The commissary of this post, Captain Witherspoon, has a large quantity, which he would gladly ship to you upon an order from General Beauregard, and I would suggest that your department be supplied from this source for the next ten days; or, as I will be making a little from day to day, I can forward you what is made.

J. J. CHISHOLM,

Medical Purveyor.

Rather than that the troops should be allowed to suffer, I made the requisition on Captain Witherspoon for 5 barrels whisky. Had I not done so I would have been in error. It was done in accordance with the recommendation of Surgeon Chisholm, who stated, "My distillery is out of order," and that "Captain Witherspoon had a large supply which he would gladly ship."

THOMAS LINING,

Surgeon and Medical Purveyor.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA AND FLORIDA, Charleston, January 22, 1864.

The course of Medical Purveyor Lining is approved. When such requisitions as these are directed by these headquarters to be filled, it becomes the duty of the chief of subsistence of this State to see that they are filled promptly and without injudicious delay.

This frequent reference back of papers by staff officers, on small points, which should be decided by chiefs of departments, is becoming a source of delay and an unnecessary accumulation of work at these headquarters. The chief commissary, Major Guerin, will take measures to have this liquor supplies without delay.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,Chief of Staff.

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY, Charleston, January 23, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain J. D. Witherspoon, who will please explain this matter. Captain W. will shop to this city all of the whisky that he has, save 2 barrels.

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

