
BATTERY MARION, February 3, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. GAILLARD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: Yesterday the mortars at this battery were employed all day against the enemy's batteries on Morris Island. The effect could not be ascertained. Ninety-seven shells and 906 pounds powder were consumed.

Very respectfully,

WM. S. BASINGER,

Major, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Battery Rutledge, February 4, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. GAILLARD,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that nothing of importance occurred at this battery during the past twenty-four hours. The shelling from the enemy's land batteries and monitors, continued all yesterday and last night, resulting in the death of Private John Wright, Company K [Third South Carolina Artillery], struck by a shell which burst in the company kitchen. One woman (Mrs. Copeland) was also struck by same shell in arm and leg. During the past twenty-four hours 8 columbiad shell and 1 solid shot were fired from this battery. The shell were observed not to burst, although the direction and elevation were excellent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. BURNET,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS, Fort Moultrie, Sullivan's Island, February 4, 1864.

Lieutenant W. D. GAILLARD,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that the enemy on Morris Island as well as board the monitors continued firing upon the wreck of the Presto, and this fire has been more or less continuous up to this time. Eleven shots were fired at the monitors yesterday evening. Four hundred and fifty shots were fired at this island in the last twenty-four hours. Two men were wounded at this post, both severely.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PRESS SMITH,

Captain, Commanding Post.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Tallahassee, February 5, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: On the 29th ultimo, I addressed to you a letter explanatory of affairs in that portion of your military department between the Apalachicola and Choctawhatchee Rivers in West Florida. I now submit to your consideration the copy of an unofficial letter addressed to me by Colonel McClellan, who was then, and is

