
April 15, 1863, as approved by the Secretary of War, and showing the wish of Major Guerin that the subsistence department in Georgia should assist him and supply molasses to this particular brigade.

Fifth. Charges against Major Locke for his conduct, in which connection I deem it proper to declare had Major Locke, on receiving the copy sent him of paragraph VII, Special Orders, No. 2, current series, informed me that he desired it to be rescinded, I should have complied without hesitation, such is my sincere desire to avoid all possible controversy with the Subsistence Bureau.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

P. S.- An additional charge, with two specifications, will be forwarded in a few days, based on the fact that Major Locke, up to December 23, 1863, when he refused to let Major Morgan have the beef on alleged grounds that it was urgently wanted for General Bragg' troops, had given orders looking to sending the beef in question to be issued to troops at Savannah, where there was already a considerable accumulation of meat.

[Indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 13, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to Secretary of War, with report of Commissary-General.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Inclosure.]

SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 12, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have received the documents sent me yesterday, consisting of a letter of General Beauregard and charges against Major Locke, with accompanying papers. I have not the time, and I remark that it is not pertinent to this case, that I should discuss all the inferences which General Beauregard's letter seems to imply, and that the indorsement asking for the revocation of the order to Major Allen to turn over the supplies destined for Bragg's army to the brigade commissary of Colquitt's brigade for that brigade was sufficient, in my judgment, to have produced a revocation of that order without delay. If such orders as that of General Beauregard are allowed, or the officers assigned by order of Secretary of War to collect supplies under the circular of April 15 are to be compelled to turn over their supplies to particular brigades on application of their commissaries, who, either on leave of absence or under orders, are permitted to go, or are sent out, on such quests, then the whole system approved by Secretary of War and the organization of this subordinate branch of the War Department is exploded. I herewith renew my application for the revocation of that order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General of Subsistence.

