
enemy consisting of about 20 men have been all day engaged on the causeway between Dixon's and Horse Islands. Three gun-boats are in Folly, opposite Legare's burnt house.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIST. OF GEORGIA, No. 2. Savannah, February 6, 1864.

I. The troops in this military district are again warned against the disgraceful of molesting or appropriating private property. The brigadier-general commanding request that recent complaints from inoffensive citizens of grievous outrages upon their property compel him to call upon all under his command to expose and bring to merited punishment the guilty parties. Officers will be held responsible for the conduct of their men; they will use every exertion to discover the perpetrators of outrages upon private property,and will at once send them in arrest to Oglethorpe Barracks and prefer charges against them. The severest measures will be employed by the brigadier-general commanding against any officer or soldier identified as a violator of this order.

II. In obedience to paragraph II, General Orders, No. 104, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, series 1862, soldiers will be strictly prevented from carrying their arms beyond the camp; any soldier found beyond the limits of his camp with this arms, unless on official duty, will be arrested and lodged in Oglethorpe Barracks.

By command of Brigadier-General Mercer:

GEO. A. MERCER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENROLLING OFFICER, FIFTH CONGRESSIONAL DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA, Greenville, S. C., February 7, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

DEAR SIR: Colonel J. D. Ashmore directs me to inclose the within dispatches, received yesterday at 2 p.m. from Colonel Palmer, commanding Western North Carolina, that you may be prepared to hear any exaggerated rumors that my find their way to your office. Upon the receipt of the information contained, he immediately resorted to measures to meet any emergency that might arise, by ordering all his available forces to hold themselves in readiness to move at once should succeeding communications demand a march, at the same time dispatching reliable and intelligent couriers in the directions that the enemy were reported to be marching. Some of the couriers have returned, bringing no additional intelligence. He has, however, received a letter from Mr. Samuel Maxwell, agent for the collection of tax in kind at Pendleton (a copy of which please find inclosed), to whom he wrote ordering him to enlist as many volunteers as possible, and hold himself in readiness to move to Walhalla, to co-operate with Captain J. J. Norton, enrolling officer of Pickens district, who has under his immediate command 12 or 15 mounted and effective men, which corroborates the statement made in the inclosed dispatches. The enemy have doubtless been in Franklin

