
County, N. C., committed some depredations, burned a mill, &amp;c. Colonel Ashmore has also sent a detachment of 10 men, under command of a commissioned officers from Captain Boykin's company to Major Rails, 17 miles from Greenville, S. C., and 5 or 6 south of the Table Mountain, and directly on the road leading to Pickens Court-House and Walhalla, for the purpose of communicating with couriers the he sent out yesterday with orders to penetrate the country that the enemy are reported to be occupying. With his present disposition of couriers he can be advised of a forward move by the enemy in a very short time. The courier has just returned from Pickens Court-House; reports confirmatory to information previously received. They are reported to be marching cautiously, about 10 miles per day, feeling their way with artillery. Captain Boykin's company is here ready for action with a good many volunteers, who will be officered by officers in this place. Colonel Ashmore thinks, judging from the feeling evinced here, that by uniting his volunteers with the organized force that he has at his command he will be enabled to fight them with success, even if they appear 600 strong, as reported. Should anything important occur you will be immediately advised.

Very respectfully, I am, your obedient servant,

T. P. WESTMORELAND,

Assistant Chief Enrolling Officer.

[Inclosure No. 1.]
HDQRS. WESTERN DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA, Asheville, February 5, 1864.

Major John D. ASHMORE,Commanding Post, Greenville, S. C.:

MAJOR: I inclose a copy of a dispatch just received from Jackson County, in this State. Captain McMillian is a good officer and reputed to be a man of sound judgment. The force of the enemy in Jackson and Macon is reported to be 600 cavalry with two pieces of artillery.

The intimation in Captain McMillian's letter that another force is coming through Cherokee is the first that I have had to that effect. I am gathering what home guards I can, and shall leave for Jackson some time to-day. Most of my forces are in East Tennessee.

It is supposed by some of my corespondents in Jackson that the enemy will return to East Tennessee without endeavoring to penetrate farther. Would it not be well for forces to move from Walhalla toward North Carolina, in order to meet the enemy should they really attempt to pass in that direction?

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. PALMER,

Colonel, Commanding Western Dist. of North Carolina.

[Sub-inclosure.]

WEBSTER, N. C., February 4, 1864.

Colonel John B. PALMER,

Commanding Post, Asheville, N. C.:

Since writing my first line there is cannon to be distinctly heard at this place in the direction of Franklin, and smoke seen. Whether Franklin is on fire or not I am not able to say, though I would not

