
be surprised. The enemy is advancing in three directions, without doubt - up through Cheowah in Cherokee, up the Tennessee river in Macon County, and up the Tuckaseegee River in Jackson County - in three directions, en route for Walhalla, S. C. I fear there can't be forces obtained sufficient to stop their progress in time. I am willing to fight them on any sort of ground with equal numbers.

Colonel, please to send force forthwith if you can spare them; if not, please order me away from here if you think best; if not, give me written orders and I will endeavor to carry them out in full.

I remain, your most humble servant,

A. J. McMILLIAN,

Commanding Company C, Major McRae's Battalion.

[Inclosure No. 2.]

Major J. D. ASHMORE:

DEAR SIR: I will use every exertion to comply with your order. I do not, however, think there will be much done, as there are but few men here and very little ammunition and but few guns of any kind. I have fired a signal to meet in the village at 7 o'clock, and will go to Walhalla with all the force I can get. William Sloan arrived here last night, who lives at Franklin; says the Yankees, 600 strong, are traveling 10 miles per day; have not burned Franklin; burned one mill, and took the two Mr. Syles prisoners. Mr. Sloan is perfectly reliable; left Franklin at 4 p.m. the 4th.

Very respectfully,

S. C. MAXWELL.

GREENVILLE, S. C., February 7, 1864-10 p.m.

[General G. T. BEAUREGARD:]

GENERAL: I have couriers penetrating the mountains at all points. Captain Norton has gone to Walhalla under orders, with 15 or 20 men, and instructed to receive all the volunteers from amongst our people who offer themselves. Captain Maxwell, at Pendleton, is ordered forward. Lieutenant Du Bose, with 10 picked men, the flower of Boykin's company, with the fleetest horses, is posted on the road to advance, if necessary, in any direction indicating the enemy's approach and to report after reconnoitering their strength. Captain Broghs, at Anderson, is directed to move on Walhalla with his detachment of 8 or 10 men and all the volunteers he can command for its defense. Captain Boykin, with about 50 men, is here with his horses saddled, ready to move at a moment's notice to any point that the enemy's approach may indicate. Numerous citizens have volunteered and we have in town Colonels Hatch, Jones, Elford, and Roberts, Captains Hoke, Elford, and McCrery, all of whom have seen service and many of them behaved most gallantly on the battle-field to officer them. We have, I think, small-arms and ammunition enough to whip even 600 of the enemy if they come without artillery. My orders are to concentrate at or near Walhalla; if they approach, to ambush and fight them at every creek, bridge, ravine, and rivulet; obstruct and embarrass their movements in every possible way. There is great confidence felt that we will be

