
Books and stationery are very much needed in the office of Lieutenant Carlisle, at Quincy; he made requisition for stationery some time since; I directed him to again require for what he needed in this line. I would respectfully submit that a depot of repairs could easily be established at Quincy, provided a fund were furnished Lieutenant Carlisle for the purpose; the establishment of this depot of repairs is rendered the more necessary for the reason that the communication between Quincy and Columbus Arsenal, Ga., the nearest place for repairs, is very often interrupted by the rising of the river. I would therefore most respectfully recommend that a depot for repairs of arms, harness, &amp;c., be established, under charge of Lieutenant Carlisle, at Quincy, Fla., who is a willing and very energetic office, and fully acquainted with the duties he is called upon to perform. Further, the repairs which occasion sometimes demands to be done at once are done by the quartermaster's department, but they have as much as they can well attend to in keeping up their own repairs.

On the 10th instant, I inspected three companies of Bonaud's battalion of infantry, stationed near Quincy, Fla., doing provost duty in Quincy.

Company A, Captain J. A. Cotten; Number of effective men present, 34; altered muskets, 33, without bayonets; number of men in company, 78; accouterments complete; these accouterments are very poor, the cartridge-boxes, waist-belts, &c., being made of canvas covered with a sort of lacquer. These accouterments I have referred to in the previous part of this report, and in my judgment they are unfit for issue to troops doing duty in the field. The waist-belts are from 3 to 4 inches too short. The men had no ammunition in their boxes, but being removed from the vicinity of the enemy it is a good plan, as the cartridges are thus saved both from exposure and wear, both of which are very injurious to ammunition. These accouterments, the ordnance officer at Quincy states, were sent to him by Lieutenant Bucker, military store-keeper Charleston Arsenal; the guns of this company are kept in fair order, but the locks, &c., are much out of repair. I would respectfully suggest that this company, which is a very fine one, be armed with good arms as soon as possible. Company C, Bonaud's battalion, Captain C. P. Crawford: Number of effective men, 65; armed with 65 Austrian rifles, with bayonets; accouterments complete, same as Company A; arms well cared for an in fair order. Station, near Quincy, Fla. Company E, Bonaud's battalion, Captain M. T. McGregor: Station, near Quincy, Fla.; number of effective men present for duty, 47. This company has 40 Austrian rifles and 10 altered muskets; accouterments complete; 27 knapsacks on hand. Same complaint in regard to the accouterments as made about Companies A and C; arms seem to be well taken care of.

On the 14th of January, I have the honor to report inspection of Gamble's battery of light artillery. This battery consists of one 12-pounder howitzer, two smooth-bore 6-pounders, and one 3-inch rifled gun; all of these guns I consider in unserviceable condition for several reasons; the carriages are so poor that, in my judgment, rapid drilling on rolling or rough ground the carriages would break and hence render the guns useless; the hubs of the wheels are badly split and some of them entirely rotten, as well as could be observed. A knife could be run through the wood of the hub. The trails to the carriages are very badly split, the axles are rotten, limber chests badly

