
A new magazine is under way and will, I am informed, soon be completed; the battery is well supplied with the requisite ammunition, and the ordnance stores are in good condition. The battery is supplied with the requisite implements. There are two batteries at the Narrows. The upper battery consists of one 24-pounder and one 32-pounder. The carriage for the 24-pounder is an 18-pounder carriage, and therefore too small; it has no trunnion plates; chassis rails much worn; spokes of this carriage all very loose, and the chucks badly split. After a few discharges I think this carriage would become unserviceable. The carriage of the 32-pounder moderately good, but all of the carriage are sadly in want of paint. The magazine of this battery is badly built, for recently the water has risen over the floor. The ammunition tolerably good; powder does not appear damaged. This battery being completely surrounded by water when the river is at all high it is very necessary the magazine should be above high-water mark. This battery is garrisoned by Captain Blount, Company F, Bonaud's battalion. Lower battery, near upper, covering the obstructions, carries three 32-pounders; same objection to magazine as one in upper battery. None of the carriage are in good order; chassis rails much worn, and carriages, &amp;c., want paint very much. This battery is well supplied with ammunition; the powder appears dry. The distance to the obstructions is some 700 yards, and this is the distance the shell should have been fixed for, because the river makes an abrupt bend, and the land is covered with dense wood; the fuses should have been 3 or 4 seconds, not over 4, and less would have been preferable; but all their shells nave 5 or 10 second fuses in them fixes. The proportion of canister and grape is, in my judgment, much too small, and hence the proportion of solid shod and shell too great, for, from the very location of this battery, I infer it was never intended to use the guns at high elevation. This battery is garrisoned by Captain Godwin's company (G), Bonaud's battalion of Georgia infantry, 14 miles below Chattahoochee; 195 men in regiment, armed with smooth-bore muskets, which are kept in beautiful order; accouterments of leather in fair order; sufficiency of ammunition, in good condition.

On the 22nd, two companies of Bonaud's battalion of infantry stationed at and garrisoning the batteries on the Apalachicola River covering the obstructions. At the lower battery Company F, Captain Blount; Number of men, 73; number of arms, 47; company have 47 Austrian rifles, which are in fair order; the ammunition is good, lately received; canvas accouterments very poor; waist-belts too small. Company G, Captain Godwin: 72 men; 49 Austrian rifles, lately received; accouterments same as those of Company F; well supplied with small-arms ammunition.

On the 23rd, Companies B and D, Bonaud's battalion, stationed at Hammock's Landing, 14 miles below Chattahoochee: Armed with Austrian rifles; canvas accouterments lately issued; waist-belts too short; arms and ammunition show care and attention. Captain A. C. Smith's company of Scott's battalion of cavalry stationed at Rickoe's' Bluff, 50 miles below Chattahoochee, on the Apalachicola River; no letter to company. Number of enlisted men in company, 87; armed with Austrian rifles and sabers; number of arms, 79; very little ammunition on hand, an it is very necessary to have this company well supplied with ammunition, as this company sends a

