
very good to place in the hands of the cavalry in Middle Florida, which are armed in a very inferior manner. Lieutenant Buckman informs me that the height of the Chattahoochee River has prevented him from obtaining the stores from Columbus, Ga., Arsenal, for which he had required.

On 27th January, two companies of Second Florida Cavalry, Colonel Caraway Smith, were inspected. Station, Camp Finegan, within 8 miles of Jacksonville, Fla. Companies F and K, Captains Rou and Jones: These companies are armed with the Enfield rifled, and the guns are in very fine order, but, as in case of Sixth Florida Infantry, carry too much ammunition in their cartridge-boxes. I found some cartridges with no powder in them at all, caused by the paper wearing out by friction. Saddles, fair; armed also with sabers.

As far as I could observe I am of the opinion that the Government property in the hands of troops in Florida, such as arms, accouterments, &amp;c., is well take care of, and is generally in good order, especially the arms, which in several commands are in the most excellent order.

I have the honor, colonel, to submit the above report.

Your obedient servant,

L. JAQUELIN SMITH,

Captain, Artillery, Assistant Chief of Ordnance.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, February 13, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major John G. Barnwell, inspector of ordnance of the department, for his remarks.

J. R. WADDY,Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief Ordnance Officer.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT, Charleston, February 22, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to department headquarters.

Approved.

J. R. WADDY,Lieutenant-Colonel, City Ordnance Officer.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 25, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the chief of artillery, for his information.

He will prepare therefrom a synopsis of orders to meet the recommendations contained in this paper which may meet with his approval, to render that branch of the service more efficient.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,General, Commanding.

[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, Charleston, March 4, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

A synopsis of orders* relating to such batteries in Florida as were not visited during his late inspection by Major Mayo, my inspector,
---------------

*Not found; but see Beauregard's memorandum of April 5, following, which was probably based on Gonzales' recommendation.

---------------

