
Fourth. All heavy batteries will be supplied as early and as far as practicable with tarpaulins for the proper protection of the ammunition.

Fifth. The chief of ordnance and his inspectors will confine their inspections of ordnance and ordnance stores of artillery to those not yet issued or still under their control. The chief of artillery and his inspectors are responsible for the inspection of all heavy and light batteries and their ordnance supplies already issued. Should the chief of ordnance desire information relative to such ordnance and ordnance supplies he shall call for it on the chief of artillery, who will furnish it at once. Should the latter be unable to do so without undue delay the chief of ordnance will then be authorized to send one of his own inspectors to procure the information desired.

G. T. B.,

General, Commanding.

ROYALL'S HOUSE, February 10, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Simonton reports that another steamer came up the Stono early this morning and anchored by the side of the one which has been in the river for the past three days, but she went down again about 10.30. There is again a working party on the Dixon's Island earth-work, but it is as yet impossible to ascertain what they are doing, as they are at work in the rear of the epaulement, which is completed. They are also at work on the bridge connecting Dixon's Island and Horse Island. During the morning the firing of light artillery and small-arms was heard on Jon's Island.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Fripp's House, Jon's Island:

Commanding general wishes you to withdraw from your works as many of the infantry supports as you deem prudent, to increase your operating force as much as possible, to strike a blow if opportunity shall serve.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 10, 1864.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Rantowles, S. C.:

General Colquitt and three regiments are at Rantowles ready to support you if necessary; you can call on him direct.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

