
uniform pattern and to decide the charges by trial. In the small number of shells furnished I have had many different patterns. I have expended much labor and money upon them and know no more of their capabilities than I have already told you. Under these circumstances I can make no progress. I can receive no orders. The matter stands in a light prejudicial to it can and discreditable to me. Should you think fit to put the work in charge of Lieutenant A. T. Cunningham, ordnance department, at Savannah, I will cheerfully continue the work under his orders and supervision.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN R. CHEVES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A., Richmond, Va., February 11, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Charleston:

General Polk reports the enemy, with about 35,000 infantry and with cavalry (number unknown) and some sixty pieces of artillery, after destroying stores at Jackson and Brandon and tearing up bridges behind them, to be moving from Morton, Miss., apparently on Mobile. General Polk has with him Loring's division and the cavalry, having sent the rest of his troops back to Mobile. General Johnston has been telegraphed to render all the aid in his power to General Polk. General Longstreet telegraphs he is moving forward and expecting co-operation from General Johnston. On both grounds re-enforcements for Florida cannot be spared by him. The enemy in Florida must be met by the troops there and from Charleston and Savannah. Unless you propose going there in person it is recommended General Gilmer be sent to command and repel the enemy in Florida. No re-enforcements can be sent you, unless a brigade or so from North Carolina, and then only in case of plain necessity, as their removal would uncover the east and railroad line of that State.

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C., February 11, 1864.

Brigadier General G. J. RAINS,In charge of Sub-Marine Defenses:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires that torpedoes be placed in the Ashepoo River near Heyward's Landing, and in the Combahee near the bend below Burnett's.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA, Charleston, S. C.,February 11, 1864.

Flag-Officer TUCKER,

Commanding C. S. Naval Forces Afloat, Charleston:

SIR: Cannot the David be assigned to duty in the Stono River? The enemy having removed the torpedoes laid near the obstructions,

