
since this last information was received. A few shells are daily thrown into the city of Charleston, not with the expectation of doing serious injury, but with the hope of annoying them and delaying the movements of the railroad trains. In Florida a successful expedition by General Birney has been made on the east side of the Saint John's River as far south as Lake Harney. The enemy were not found in that section of the country. A large number of cattle (reported 3,000) were driven toward Jacksonville to prevent their being carried away by drivers of the rebel army. Some cotton (amount not known) and two small schooners were taken at or near Smyrna. General Birney left several small detachments scattered through the country he had traversed. General Gordon, now in command, writes that he will draw them in immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE SOUTH,Hilton Head, S. C., May 22, 1864.

COLONEL: Since my reports there has been no material change in the condition of the department. To procure information, a picket-post of 5 men was captured very handsomely by a detachment from the One hundred and third New York Volunteers, who landed on James Island. The force of the enemy at Charleston and its vicinity is reported to be six regiments of infantry, six light batteries, four guns each, 3,000 heavy artillery, and 400 men with siege train. A fire at intervals has been maintained against Fort Sumter from our mortar batteries. A few shells are each day thrown into Charleston.

On the 13th and 14th instant, a heavy fire was maintained from our mortars, columbiads, and rifles guns upon Sumter. On the 13th, 240 and on the 14th 308 shells were thrown. On each of these days two monitors took part in the bombardment, two casemates were opened, a large portion of the new parapets thrown in the water, and a part of the Moultrie face thrown down. Since then a steady but not heavy fire from the mortar batteries has been maintained. On the 13th, the enemy's fire was principally directed at the monitors. On the 14th, the enemy opened all his batteries on James and Sullivan's Islands, except Fort Johnson, on Battery Chatfield, and Fort Putnam. Four hundred and fifty shells were thrown, damaging the traverses and parapets. No casualties occurred.

Charleston papers of the 19th state that on the 16th Johnston's army had fallen back from Resaca to Adairsville, where fighting was then going on. The Governor of Georgia had called out the militia and civil officers to assemble at Atlanta.

Rebel officers met by flag of truce to-day at Port Royal Ferry acknowledged the Confederacy as nearly gone.

I intended to make an attempt to cut the Charleston and Savannah Railroad on Monday or Tuesday night, and have every reason to believe I will meet with success.

General Gordon writes me from Florida that the Union sentiment is undoubtedly increasing in that State. The small parties lest scattered

