
CHARLESTON, S. C., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Mount Pleasant:

Order a good regiment of infantry to Green Pond with as little delay as possible from Sullivan's Island. It will carry tents, cooking utensils, and baggage. Quartermaster's department will supply you transportation. Communicate with Major Pringle to what wharf you want it sent. Acknowledge dispatch.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C. February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON, or, in his absence,

Colonel R. H. ANDERSON,

Green Pond:

Anderson's regiment must be detached for temporary service in Florida. He will move in light marching order to Trader's Hill, Ga., with the utmost dispatch. Heavy baggage can be sent afterward if wanted. Celerity is all important to the end in view. A regiment of infantry will be sent you from here at once to replace.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C. February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Green Pond:

General Walker has been directed to send you squadron of his cavalry.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

ORDNANCE DEPARTMENT,

Adams' Run, S. C., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General HENRY A. WISE,

Commanding Sixth Military District:

GENERAL: On Tuesday, the 9th instant, ascertaining that news of the landing of the enemy on John's Island had taken you thither, I remained here until the next morning, as the troops going thither might make requisition upon me for ammunition and arms. The next day I left here for John's Island, after giving particular instructions to Messrs. Davis and Dix that all calls for ammunition and arms were to be promptly supplied. I went to your headquarters on John's Island "without instructions," because a considerable portion of our brigade seemed to be in position for an early fight with the enemy, and I considered it my duty to be ready to issue or see issued the ammunition in reserve which had been taken there in wagons. Unfortunately all the ordnance wagons (so called) but those at these headquarters had been sent off for forage and, as I understood from the district quartermaster, without his orders. But for this I could have had originally more ammunition than I did. On account of this, too, I was subsequently embarrassed upon

