
not suit, and that the spherical case for the 12-pounder howitzers drawn for along with shell and canister could not be furnished, as it was not now manufactured at the arsenals. This is usually supplied for howitzers with shell in the ration of 4 to 3. Captain Charles shot but very few rounds. Much of the ammunition of these batteries has been expended in practice, under orders.

On receiving Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper's dispatch, at 2.30 a. m., Thursday, I telegraphed to Lieutenant-Colonel Waddy:

Dispatch just received from Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper and General wise, on John's Island, that the supply of ammunition for Parker's battery of four Napoleon guns in exhausted, in the face of the enemy.

Although Kanapaux had nearly 500 rounds, fearing that his and Charles' batteries might be exhausted very soon, I added:

For Parker's and Kanapaux's batteries there are needed at once 700 12-pounder Napoleon shells, fixed, 200 12-pounder Napoleon shot, fixed, 1,000 fuses, assorted, from 5-inch to 10-inch, and 2,000 good friction primers. Send this to me immediately at Rantowles Station, with a fully supply of fixed ammunition for four 12-pounder howitzers and two 3.5-inch Blakely rifles. I confidently expect you will send this ammunition by the train this morning, or by special train.

Hearing from the operator that he could not get my message through, I rode to the depot, where I waited until 8 o'clock, only to find that communication with Charleston by telegraph was closed. I rode to Rantowles from thence, hoping soon to hear from Colonel Waddy, momentarily expecting that the telegraph would be again operating, which was the case about 12 o'clock.

At 3 p. m., hearing nothing from Charleston, I took the train for that place. Upon arriving there I found Colonel Waddy had shipped 400 12-pounder gun shells, 200 12-pounder gun canister, 272 12-pounder howitzer shells, and 120 12-pounder howitzer canister to John's Island, via Fort Pemberton. This ammunition did not reach Captain Parker whilst I was on the island. Going to Rantowles Station next morning I found that the troops had returned and that the steamer Chesterfield was off Fort Pemberton with the ammunition aboard. I dispatched word to her to bring to Church Flats, where it was landed under my supervision the same day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES M. WISE,

Captain, Ordnance Officer, Sixth Military District.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams' Run, S. C., February 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Captain Parker, through Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, for report.

His attention is called to the fact that on evening of 11th instant he reported to the brigadier-general commanding that this ammunition was exhausted; that he had but few solid shot, and no shells. On the morning of the 12th, he reported that he had raked up 100 rounds of shot and 30 shells. By the inclosed report of the ordnance officer it appears he ought to have had on hand on the 11th, after the fight, 120 solid shot, 50 shells, and 67 canister. Please explain the discrepancy in the report made on the field.

By command of Brigadier-General Wise:

J. H. PEARCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

39 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

