
On the 23rd instant, orders were given to Colonel von Gilsa, commanding post, to employ all his available men on this work, and the department order with regard to working at night will at once be carried into effect. I do not consider it of very great importance to arm this fort with artillery before it is fully completed,as a mortar schooner, armed also with rifled guns, is permanently stationed at the white house, and as the gun-boats in Stone Inlet can at any stage of the tide go up Folly River to Pawnee Landing, and with their heavy batteries sweep the marsh to the north and Folly Island to the south; whatever force of the enemy can step in on Folly Island during one night, passing our pickets hidden in boats, we can readily drive out the next day and take them prisoners. On the other hand,it seems tome of the highest importance to avoid the possibility of one of our guns falling into the hands of the enemy and being used against our gun-boats. In regard to the old oystershell for on Cole's Island, I have to report that it is in repair and will be armed to-day. I am glad to be able to be report that the public property, with the exception of the buildings,has all been removed from the former post at Pawnee Landing to Stone Inlet or Morris Island, and that I am thus enabled considerable to reduce the details for outpost duty and economize in land transportation.

All the necessary have been given to comply with the order form your headquarters with regard to the formation of a company of mounted infantry. I will report more specifically on this in my next, after seeing the post commander.

The health of the command, as will be seen from the report of the medical director, is good,the colored regiments having improved very fast. No casualties occurred since my last.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT., OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 3, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that nothing of importance has occurred within this command since my last report.

On the night of the 31st ultimo to the 1st instant, 2 contrabands came into our lines. They are servants of officers in the First C. S. Artillery. They left Johnson's Point and made their way through the marsh between Batteries Simkins and Cheves,swam the creek, and met out pickets near the Swamp Angel. They give no general information except that there is no cheering in the enemy's camps and that the officers are silent within hearing of their men in regard to the operations now going on in Virginia. One of these contrabands was in Charleston on Sunday last and saw no other troops than one or two companies of artillery and the cadets. They were never allowed to leave camp and consequently know but little in regard to the enemy's forces on James Island. They report General Taliaferro still commanding the artillery as before reported, but instead of the Georgia infantry,one regiment of cavalry. This cavalry has also been reported to me by our outposts as doing picket duty in front of our lines and on Stone River.

