
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MILITARY DISTRICT,Adams' Run, S. C., February 24, 1864.

Captain Parker ought to have been precise in his words on 11th instant, and he does not state the facts precisely which the reported to Brigadier-General Wise, and his report of 22nd instant is not in accordance with his verbal statement to General Wise in field. On the 11th, he rode up to where General Wise was in position and reported verbally to him in person that he had left in his battery solid shot only and a few shells. He was interrogates specially and particularly, both by General Wise and Colonel Harris, as to whether his effective ammunition was exhausted, and his reply was that his ammunition was so nearly exhausted that he might say all was exhausted. He never mentioned canister at all. He made no formal official report, but he did make a verbal informal report in person to General Wise in the presence of Colonel Harris, in substance as stated. General Wise relied upon his report, and it was one of many reason stated by him in his official report to General Beauregard Parker not only made a report as stated on evening of 11th instant, but on the morning of 12th instant he made another verbal report that he had on hand 100 solid shot and 30 shell, without naming canister at all. The result is that neither he or Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper knew the precise amount of ammunition that he had in amount by the statements of Captain Parker. He has not called upon by General Wise for a formal report, but he was interrogated by General Wise on the field and answered as above stated. It turns out that Captain Parker had left part of his ammunition on the way in the rear which he never reported to General Wise, and that the ordnance officer at Charleston and in this command were not in the least fault for the deficiency of ammunition. His present report shows that he was not accurate and not precise int he report which he made to General Wise on the field. He did not inform General Wise that he had his fully supply of canister, and now admits it. His report shows that he did not know where his ammunition was on the 11th. On the morning of the 12th, he reported that he had 100 round shot, 30 shell, and never mentioned his canister. He now states that on the morning of the 12th he had 119 shot, 51 shell, and 67 canister, and he then reported that what ammunition he had "he had raked up." General Wise understood him to report as to the ammunition on the field and General wise regrets that Captain Parker did not have his ammunition on the field on the 11th instant and that he did not precisely report the ammunition he had in hand. His supplies of ammunition were amply sufficient; the effect of his verbal report was that they were very deficient. Captain Parker ought to have known the amount of his ammunition before he went on the field and before he was disturbed by the circumstances to which he alludes. General Wise regrets to say that Captain Parker was not precise and accurate in his reports on the field, and that he is not precise and accurate in his present written report of 22nd instant. In no other respect whatever is he or his battery subject to any blame for their conduct on the field on the 11th instant. He was brave, cool, and very effective in his fire. General Wise took great pride in him and his battery on that occasion and has so

