
reported to the general commanding. He hopes that in future Captain Parker will be particular to be precise in his information and in his reports, whether given formally or informally, called for or not.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF OF ARTILLERY,Charleston, February 28, 1864.

It appears from this correspondence that Captain Parker was not sent for by Brigadier-General Wise, but voluntarily "rode up to him" and stated, rather than reported, that his effective (the adjective used by General Wise) ammunition" was so nearly exhausted that he might say all was exhausted. Now, the "effective" ammunition theretofore used by Captain Parker was shell (and hence the greater expenditure thereof), for the enemy not showing himself in masses or in columns precluded the use of solid shot as a desirable projectile, and, his being too distant, the use of canister. His "shell" proved afterward "on counting" them to have been but 27, that he had more solid shot on hand than might have been inferred from his remarks, although he also said he had "enough to finish them." The three boxes of shell left behind by Captain Parker should have been packed before going into the field, but this only increased (on the 12th) his shell from 27 to 51, still an inadequate number for continued firing in the positions theretofore held. If the purpose of the district commander in interrogating Captain Parker, or in listening to his verbal statement, was to draw a conclusion as to his means (in artillery) for pursuing his advantages, it is respectfully submitted that a circumstantial interrogatory would have elicited a precise and more satisfactory reply, or that if Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper, General Wise's chief of artillery, then on the field, had been called by his side as was the chief of engineers mentioned in this correspondence, and if Lieutenant-Colonel Kemper had been informed of the purpose of Brigadier-General Wise to "pursue the enemy" and questioned as to the means at his command to compass such a result, no doubt that such accurate, precise, and circumstantial information as to the amount of shot, shell, and canister on hand, and their suitableness for the end in view, would have been elicited (if not on the spot) with sufficient readiness to enable the general commanding the forces to determine in season as to his future course, so far as the artillery was concerned.

Respectfully submitted.

A. J. GONZALES,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery of the Department.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 14, 1864.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Anderson's regiment ordered temporarily to Florida. In absence detach a good squadron acquainted with country to report to General Robertson.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

