
ROYALL'S HOUSE, February 15, 1864.

General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

Colonel Simonton reports that the gun-boat that run up Stono this morning and shelled John's Island, went down this evening about sundown. One gun-boat is in Folly River. The shelling to-day was all at John's Island.

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 15, 1864.

General SAMUEL COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

All quiet here. General Finegan reports enemy fortifying at Baldwin. Am sending him all re-enforcements I can spare to dislodge him. I may have to call for one brigade from North Carolina to aid him-only if absolutely necessary.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HDQRS. SEVENTH MIL. DISTRICT OF SOUTH CAROLINA,February 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have to call the attention of the commanding general to the fact that the troops of this district have been without meat for several days, and the depot commissary reports that it is uncertain when a meat ration can be again issued. The service required of the troops of this district is severe. The length of the lines, the immediate presence of the enemy along our front, and their ability to make sudden demonstrations or attacks at any moment necessitates the utmost vigilance, and the heaviest picketing which troops can possibly bear.

The fatigue and exposure consequent upon this heavy duty will, I fear, seriously affect the health of the command, if it is not supplied with strengthening food, and I earnestly ask that steps be taken to secure such energy and efficiency in the commissary department as will insure a regular supply of meat rations to the troops. It give me pleasure to state that the troops have borne these privations with a patriotic and most commendable endurance and good spirit, but their physical condition will be seriously impaired, unless they are supplied with such food as will maintain their strength.

I have the honor to inclose communications from Major Hay, commissary of subsistence, and Captain Fleming, First South Carolina Artillery, on this subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. B. TALIAFERRO,

Brigadier-General.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 17, 1864.

Respectfully referred for the remarks of Major Guerin.

By command of General Beauregard:

H. WEMYSS FEILDEN,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

