
[Second indorsement.]

OFFICE CHIEF COMMISSARY,

Charleston, February 17, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Two commissaries of the staff of General Taliaferro and the post commissary of James Island are out trying to get meat for the command. I believe that with these means and those permanently employed by the department, which I have stimulated in every way that I could, the troops have got as much meat, and will continue to get as much, as the country affords.

The tithe bacon will soon be coming in to relieve the want while the supply from this source lasts. Purchases and impressments will be attempted besides, but the main dependence for meat next summer is Florida. If that should fail the privation, I fear, will be greater, but not greater than troops have borne elsewhere, and are evidently willing to bear when the state of the country becomes known to them.

H. C. GUERIN,

Major and Commissary of Subsistence.

[Third indorsement.]
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 18, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for information of the War Department.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

[Fourth indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Commissary-General, for his views, &amp;c., before submission to Secretary of War.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Fifth indorsement.]

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE,

February 25, 1864.

The War Department has been sufficiently informed of the views of the Commissary-General, and of the condition of the country and the effect of the laws and orders of the War Department which bear on the meat supply and existing deficiency of it. It is likewise informed of the loss of productive country by our armies; of the destruction of meat by the retreat of troops; of the losses in running the blockade; and these difficulties are rendered more potent by the interference with the agents of the Bureau. I urge that no more changes of agents be allowed, except at the discretion of the Commissary-General.

Respectfully,

L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General.

