
CHARLESTON, S. C., February 18, 1864.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN,

Lake City, Fla.:

It is reported that four gun-boats have gone up the Saint Mary's River as far as King's Ferry on the 16th. This possibly looks to movement to cut off communication from Trader's Hill. Two regiments of cavalry are moving to your assistance via Trader's Hill.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

TALLAHASSEE, February 18, 1864.

(Received 3.30, 19th.)

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Major-General Gilmer or some competent officer of rank to command forces in activity in Florida is promptly and vitally needed. All will be lost without a head to inspire confidence. that feeling is now wholly absent, and its absence is fatal to inexperienced troops. A change must be made, and that promptly. Tallahassee is now utterly exposed and defenseless, with immense value of special deposits liable to seizure, and the means or time of removal into safety more than doubles. Reliable reports exist of landing by enemy at Dead Man's Bay is confirmed. Information will be telegraphed you.

JNO. MILTON.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General H. A. WISE,

Adams' Run, S. C.:

The three companies of the Forty-sixth Virginia Volunteers now in the Second District have been ordered to report to you at Adams' Run. You will hold all of the Forty-sixth Virginia Volunteers in Readiness to move at a moment's notice, in light marching order, to Florida to report to General Finegan at Lake City. the regiment will move with five days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition. It will also take its transportation. You will be notified when the railroad will be prepared to move the regiment.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 19, 1864.

Brigadier General B. H. ROBERTSON,

Green Pond, S. C.:

Order the three companies of the Forty-sixth Virginia Volunteers to proceed to Adams' Run and report to General Wise. A company of cavalry has been ordered to you from the Third Military District. Replace the companies of the Forty-sixth with companies of the Seventeenth South Carolina Volunteers.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

