
CHARLESTON, S. C.,

February 19, 1864-6.50 p. m.

Brigadier General JOSEPH FINEGAN, Lake City, Fla.:

Enemy's forces should on no account be exaggerated. His regiments average 600 at most, composed largely of newly drafted men and recruits; not a match for one-half of our men, as has lately been shown on John's Island. Colquitt's brigade are veterans of many battles. Should enemy divide, collect well your forces and attack fractions boldly. General Colquitt has experience in the field. I send also Colonel Harris, my chief engineer, on whose judgment and military qualities I rely.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. C., GA., AND FLA., Numbers 49. Charleston, S. C., February 20, 1864.

* * * * *

IV. For the present, Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro is relieved from duty in the Seventh Military District for service in Florida. He will receive special instructions from these headquarters. Brigadier General J. Hagood will assume command of the Seventh Military District. Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro will take his staff with him.

V. Brigadier General William B. Taliaferro will proceed to the District of East Florida, and assume command of all C. S. troops concentrated in that section, and will organize the same for the present as follows:

First. Brigadier General A. H. Colquitt will command his brigade as now organized.

Second. Brigadier General Joseph Finegan will command a brigade to be formed of the infantry troops of the Districts of East and Middle Florida, now under his command, with those sent him recently from the District of Georgia.

Third. Colonel George P. Harrison, jr., will be placed in command of a brigade to embrace the infantry regiment transferred from South Carolina.

Fourth. The light artillery will be embodied under the command of Lieutenant Colonel C. C. Jones, and the siege batters will be commanded by Major George L. Buist.

Fifth. The cavalry will be commanded by Colonel Robert H. Anderson.

VI. Every effort must be made to have the force organized for immediate offensive movements against the enemy, whose operations are deemed favorable to that end.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

MOUNT PLEASANT, February 20, 1864.

Brigadier-General JORDAN, Chief of Staff:

Lieutenant-Colonel Dantzler reports a gun-boat sunk off Battery Marshall; smoke-stack and rigging visible. A tug-boat and barge are around her, supposed to be the Flambeau. Another has not been seen since Wednesday night, and it may be she was blown up by the missing torpedo-boat.

R. S. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

