
CHARLESTON, S. C., February 20, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. RIPLEY,

Mount Pleasant:

The detachment of the Eighteenth South Carolina Volunteers at Fort Sumter will be relieved to-night by a like number from your district. The quartermaster has been ordered to supply the necessary transportation.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 20, 1864.

Brigadier General W. S. WALKER,

Pocotaligo, S. C.:

Threaten the enemy in your front for several nights to come by means of rockets, drums, &amp;c., to prevent him from sending additional troops to Florida.

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 20, 1864.

Brigadier General J. H. TRAPIER,

Commanding Fourth Military District:

DEAR GENERAL: Your letter of the 17th instant has been received. I agree fully with all that you say relative to the important interests at stake in your district and the necessity of affording them better protection than at present is the case, but the great difficulty is to be able to find the troops for that purpose. The more we disseminate our small forces over extent of country not immediately connected by railroad the weaker will we render ourselves. Every time I have endeavored to spare a regiment or more for your district, the movements of the enemy here on to the southward have prevented me from carrying out my intention. At this moment I am sending off to Florida all the available troops I can possibly spare to protect that vitally important section of our country. Should the enemy drive us out of it I do not know what our armies int he field would do for meat, sugar, &c. I expect to have to go there in person to direct operations there. I am only awaiting arrival of D. H. Hill to start on my journey. After my return it is probable the troops sent there (Florida) will be directed to another important theater of war. Hence I do not really see where I shall be able to re-enforce you. I would be glad to assign you to another command, but I have none open now. They are also nearly all reduced to a "peace footing," and ere long I may find myself with an army of generals but only a handful of troops, as we were in July last.

Hoping for the best, however, I remain, yours, very truly,

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

