
Anderson as likely, from his being a Floridian, to be acceptable. General Taliaferro's promotion would be very acceptable to me, but as he is a near connection (the step-son of my sister) and esteemed friend, I have felt delicacy in prosecuting or pressing his claims. Of his gallantry and tried determination on the field there can be no doubt, and his general capacity is, in my judgment, fully equal to most of our major-generals whom I have met.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 22, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the President.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]

When the division expected to withdraw from South Carolina is detached it may be organized and offered an opportunity for the promotion of a brigadier-general of that command.

J. D.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA, GEORGIA, AND FLORIDA,Charleston, S. C., February 21, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to return herewith, as directed, the following papers, namely:

First. Copy of letter from Colonel John S. Preston, commandant of conscripts, April 9, 1863, to Lieutenant Colonel G. W. Lay, assistant adjutant-general, Bureau of Conscription.

Second. Copy of letter of Colonel John S. Preston, Superintendent of Bureau of Conscription, January 15, 1864, to General R. E. Lee.

Third. Letter of Colonel John S. Preston, Superintendent, &amp;c., to His Excellency the President, dated January 22, 1864, with indorsement of the Secretary of War and of the President, the last of the 22nd and the first of the 26th ultimo.

An order herewith, marked A, will show to what extent I have taken steps to give effect to the vies of His Excellency, but it is proper to add that I had contemplated and given instructions looking to such an order some time since, and that such an order would have been issued previously but for the constant movement of troops have been issued previously but for the constant movement of troops in this department for months past. I feel satisfied the order will work satisfactorily, and trust will have the full approval of the War Department.

I cannot return these papers, however, without some remarks, in justice to myself and the officers of my command, in connection with the communications of Colonel Preston, both of the 9th April, 1863, and 15th January, 1864.

Colonel Preston dwells on or repeats in his communication of the 9th April, 1863, what the terms a "forcible assignment" by me of conscripts from South Carolina to regiments and companies in this department "which have never been in battle," and which he charges to have been an "injustice," while in his letter to General Lee, of the 15th ultimo, he states that the privilege of volunteering "has been

