
District commanders are charged with the supervision of this order, and will issue the necessary orders to insure the strictest compliance therewith.

* * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

E.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Columbia, September 27, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Dept. South Carolina and Georgia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter from the Secretary of War concerning the assignment of conscripts. Hitherto conscripts have been gathered by enrolling officers employed be me and sent forward directly to Virginia under orders from the Department. This letter indicates that the few remaining conscripts may be assigned to such regiments as may furnish officers detailed to act as enrolling officers. I very respectfully suggest that 6 officers, belonging to such regiments as you may desire to fill, be ordered to report to me for duty as enrolling officers. On their reporting to me I will relieve the drill masters now acting as enrolling officers, or order them to act as assistants.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant Colonel Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding

E 1.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, September 10, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel JOHN S. PRESTON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: You are respectfully informed that conscripts procured by the exertions of officers detailed from a regiment to act as enrolling officers will be assigned to that regiment.

Your obedient servant,

G. W. RANDOLPH,

Secretary of War.

F.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF SOUTH CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,Charleston, S. C., September 30, 1862.

Brigadier General S. R. GIST,

Commanding First Military District, South Carolina:

GENERAL: The commanding general authorizes you to detail temporarily 1 subaltern officer from each battalion and 2 from each regiment of South Carolina Volunteers under your command, with orders to report to Lieutenant Colonel J. S. Preston, Columbia, S. C., and who shall enroll conscripts for their battalions or regiments, respectively.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

