
G.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP OF INSTRUCTION,Columbia, October 9, 1862.

Brigadier General T. JORDAN,

Chief of Staff, Dept., of S. C. and Ga., Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: I had the honor to suggest on the 27th September that 6 officers would be profitably employed in enrolling conscripts. Already near 30 have reported and been assigned. The result of their effort will be very meager. If left to my discretion on the receipt of the first weekly reports I will begin to order most of these officer to report to their regiments. The conscripts under the law of 16th April are exhausted in South Carolina.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. PRESTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General, Commanding

H.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPT. OF S. CAROLINA AND GEORGIA,

Charleston, S. C., October 9, 1862.

Hereafter no officers will be sent upon recruiting service for the purpose of collecting and obtaining conscripts for their commands, it being reported that there are already more officers now on that duty than can be usefully employed.

By command of General Beauregard:

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, February 21, 1864.

His Excellency JOHN MILTON,

Governor of Florida:

SIR: I hasten to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant, and to inform you that all available troops from South Carolina and Georgia are being hurried to the assistance of Brigadier-General Finegan, but that for the want of a railroad connection between the Georgia and Florida railroads, which occasions such delay in the movements to and fro of such re-enforcements, I am unable to deplete, as I would otherwise do, those two States (South Carolina and Georgia) of a greater number of troops than I am now doing. As it is, a handsome force is hastening to your relief and I propose shortly to be in Florida myself.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,February 22, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, owing to the transfer of troops now being effected from South Carolina and Georgia to Florida, a complete tri-monthly return of the troops in this department for the 20th instant could not be furnished, as the command en route were not reported in the district return of that

