
ments are not satisfactory to the general I would thank him to permit me to explain to him in person before he concludes a final judgment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

E. B. WHITE,

Lieutenant Colonel, Chief Heavy Arty., Sixth Military District.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Johnson, February 23, 1864.

Captain P. K. MOLONY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: By bearers, Sergt. W. P. Cullum and Corporal Schwartz, Company E, Second South Carolina Artillery, I send you a flag which was taken by them yesterday at a distance of about 2,000 yards beyond and below Battery Simpkins and from within the picket-lines of the enemy. In securing and bringing it off they were compelled to swim a creek.

I would most respectfully suggest that as a means of securing emulation and as a reward for their gallantry and enterprise a short furlough be granted them.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JOSEPH A. YATES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

[First indorsement.]
HDQRS. SEVENTH MIL. DIST. OF SOUTH CAROLINA,February 24, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, for information of department headquarters.

The putting up of this flag was telegraphed on the 21st. A reconnaissance made that night indicated that it was intended for an ambuscade. It was erected on a mound thrown up to look like an earth-work in the marsh, and a considerable party of the enemy were discovered concealed near by. The next day the men named within volunteered to go and bring off the flag, which was still flying. As it is not a regular flag, it is not deemed worth while to forward it. I have given ten days' leave to the men.

JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Brigadier-General.

[Second indorsement.]

FEBRUARY 25, 1864.

Approved, and publish the act to the army.

G. T. B.,

General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 44. Richmond, February 23, 1864.

* * * * *

XIX. The Districts of East and Middle Florida will be united into a district to be known as the District of Florida, and will be

