
very quiet, and I have done the same, with the special view of forwarding the work on the bomb-proofs on Morris Island. This work, as well as that on the fort at white house on this island, is progressing very favorably. I have given orders for two booms to be placed on Stono River from the piles just above Legareville to the shores, respectively, of James and John's Islands. They will be capable of being opened for the passage of our gun-boats. One of these booms will be ready and laid next week, and the other a few days after.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the South.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., Jun 15, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that yesterday evening I received a communication, by flag of truce, from General Ripley, commanding in Charleston, and to the effect that 5 generals and 45 field officers of the U. S. Army, prisoners of war, were kept under the fire of our guns in the city of Charleston. I have made this matter the subject of another communication.* I have the honor to forward with this report three newspapers, two received by flag of truce and one from the fleet.

From Morris Island our batteries have kept up the usual average of firing into the city and at Fort Sumter. The enemy has thrown an occasional shot from Moultrie. The enemy has shown considerable activity in carrying on engineer work on various parts of his lines, and especially around Secessionville. Here he has been constructing bomb-proofs, surrounding his old batteries with obstructions, and beginning to erect some new work. He has already mounted one or two new guns, and on the 12th instant opened on Long Island with six heavy guns. This fire was replied to and silenced from Long Island and Forts Greene and Purviance. I have ordered two more 30-pounder Parrotts to be mounted on Long Island, temporarily, to attract the enemy's attention there.

On the 10th instant, 4 rebel deserters, of the First South Carolina Heavy Artillery, left Sullivan's Island in a boat and succeeded in reaching our navy. They were forwarded to me by the admiral for examination. Their testimony has been made the subject of another communication. I shall ask the admiral to retain these men here, as their services may be of great use to us. The oyster-shell fort on Cole's Island occasionally throws a few shells at Legareville, causing some disturbance to the enemy's cavalry pickets there. This is done more to drill the new gunners than for any other purpose. The engineer work on the bomb-proofs on Morris Island has progressed as favorably as the weather would permit. The battery at white houses has advanced slowly, owing to the changes in troops, some regiments being under marching orders, and others arriving. The regular details were interrupted, but have now again been resumed.

From various indications the enemy's numbers seem to have been increased lately on James Island. For three nights wagon trains

---------------

*See Part II, p.131.

---------------

