
FEBRUARY 25, 1864.

Brigadier General N. G. EVANS,

Corner of Cannon and Rutledge Streets, Charleston, S. C.:

GENERAL: Your application of the 24th instant to be replaced in command of your brigade is received. It is expected that the regiments composing that brigade will be ordered shortly to another department, in which event I shall not oppose your resumption of command, thought I am satisfied the good of the service would be advanced by your exchange to some other brigade. Should, however, circumstances compel its retention in this department in obedience to instructions from the War Department, a board of general in this military department admits of your being restored to the command of that brigade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Royall's, James Island, S. C.:

Order one company South Carolina Siege Train (the one with the two 30-pounder Parrott guns), with ample ammunition, five days' rations, and their transportation, to repair at once to Lake City, Fla., and report to the officer commanding at that point.

By command General Beauregard:

JNO. M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FEBRUARY 26, 1864.

General MERCER:

GENERAL: In connection with the recent attack of the enemy on Whitemarsh Island, I am instructed to convey to you the following suggestions:

The garrison on that island should be permanent and made fully acquainted with is topography, and a portion should consist of a company of cavalry, whose rapid movements might, in a measure, counterbalance the very small force that can be spared for its defense. It is also deemed advisable to have a high lookout erected, but concealed as far as practicable from the enemy's observation, and from which a strict watch may be kept on the movements of the enemy from the direction of Wilmington Narrows and Savannah River. At the same time it will be well to adopt some means to insure the rapid conveyance of intelligence to the various picket-posts. It is thought that a shorter road should be constructed between Fort Bartow and Thunderbolt Battery.

The commanding general is informed that the garrison on Whitemarsh Island was surprised in the recent affair with the enemy; that a company of the Fifty-seventh Georgia Regiment, on picket at Gibbons, showed a want of soldierly conduct and retreated in spite of their captain's commands and efforts. You will please have a strict examination and report made of the facts and forwarded to these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. JORDAN.

