
CHARLESTON, S. C., February 26, 1864.

Major General J. PATTON ANDERSON,

Lake City, Fla.:

When troops reach you, commanding general desires Second Brigade, Gardner's division, to consist of Twenty-sixth and Fifty-ninth Virginia Regiments and Holcombe Legion, for the present. Have no good ordnance officer to send you. Hope you may find efficient one with your command.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, S. C., February 26, 1864.

Brigadier General W. M. GARDNER,

Lake City, Fla.:

I announce that the War Department has sent to command the troops in Florida Major General J. Patton Anderson, and transfer the command to him. He will assign you a division.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

FEBRUARY 27, 1864.

Brigadier General JOHNSON HAGOOD,

Commanding, &amp;c., James Island:

GENERAL: I am instructed to transmit the accompanying "proclamation,"* said to have been received by one of our pickets from a picket of the enemy.

From Captain Bryan's remarks (see inside), it would appear that communication of this kind is frequently carried on by the pickets on both sides. This is deemed objectionable, and it is the wish of the commanding general that proper steps shall be taken to prevent its recurrence.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. KEARNY.
HDQRS. DIST. OF GA. AND THIRD DIST. OR S. C.,Savannah, February 27, 1864.

Brigadier General THOMAS JORDAN,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to state for the information of the commanding general that, in obedience to dispatch received, the Twenty-sixth Virginia Regiment will start for Florida to-day. I would most respectfully represent that this city is now left without any adequate means of defense, and is entirely unable with our present force to resist a serious attack. The heavy withdrawal of troops to Florida leaves me only four regiments, two battalions, two batteries, and several companies for the defense of this city; as nearly all these troops are stationed at fixed batteries from which they cannot be withdrawn with safety, the commanding general

---------------

*Not found; but supposed to be the amnesty proclamation of the President of the United States of December 8, 1863.

---------------

