
were heard moving and hammering going on. Some new camps have appeared, and a band been playing near Secessionville.

The following changes have taken place in the troops of my command since my last report: On the 12th instant the Thirty-third Regiment, U. S. Colored Troops arrived here, and was assigned to the post of Morris Island. On the 14th instant the Fifty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers arrived here to relieve the Forty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, which has embarked this day for Hilton Head. The Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers remains on Folly Island, according to a verbal order received from the major-general commanding. The Thirty-second U. S. Colored Troops are kept at Morris Island until further orders.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Capts. W. L. M. BURGER, A. A. G.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., June 16, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that since my last report nothing of especial importance has occurred. Our fire upon the city has been kept up a usual, and that of the enemy has been desultory. Yesterday afternoon, the enemy being observed at work upon their fortifications near Secessionville, Forts Greene and Purviance and Long Island opened upon them with good effect. Batteries Tynes and Pringle fired in the direction of our outposts upon Cole's Island, by the shots fell short.

Between 5 and 6 o'clock this p.m. the enemy opened fire from all their batteries upon Sullivan's and James Islands, and also from For Ripley, Castle Pinckney,the city batteries, and from the rams. They fired a number of blank cartridges and some shot and shell at our works. The chief of artillery of the district estimates the number of shots fired at about 400. I am at a loss to account for this demonstration unless it was made wholly fort effect, as the firing was too irregular for salutes. From all the outposts new camps and enlargement of old camps are reported upon James Island, and I am satisfied that the enemy has received re-enforcements, but of what they consist I have not as yet been able to ascertain. The boom to be placed across Stono River is nearly completed, and I am fully prepared for any demonstration the enemy may make in that direction. A patrol of infantry and cavalry sent out last night traversed the whole of Kiawah Island and returned this afternoon. No traces of the enemy were found, except the track of a small cavalry patrol, which had been as far up as the sugar plantation. The works at Haulover Cut and the sentries thereon were plainly seen from the lower end of Kiawah. No force was observed from Seabrook Island. This patrol was sent out not only to scour the island but to cover a navy schooner which had gone ashore on the beach during the late storm. She has since been got off.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER, A. A. G.

5 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

