
many of the enemy's fatigue parties visible for the last few days as usual, but they are working heavily at night, mainly at Secessionville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Folly Island, S. C., July 1, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, from intercepted messages signaled by the enemy, I obtained information that boats are being collected in the creek back of Mount Pleasant. This information is confirmed by the statement of refugees from Sullivan's Island, who came to the fleet night before last. They say that it was the common talk among the infantry and artillery on Sullivan's Island that an attack is to be made upon our batteries at the front on Morris Island. Yesterday from fifteen to eighteen boats were seen from Morris Island to come out from being Johnson's Point and proceed to the wreck of a steamer in the harbor;also a group of boats were observed at anchor between the wreck and Castle Pinckney.

An unusual number of lights and considerable signaling was observed on Sullivan's Island last night. I am, of course, unable to say whether any attack will be made, but am prepared for it. The 2 refugees whom I examined gave a full statement of all the works upon Sullivan's Island and their armaments. This information will be forwarded with the relating to the other works of the enemy on our front. Their statements agree with information previously received. They say that the First South Carolina Regular Infantry and seven companies of the First South Carolina Heavy Artillery are garrisoning the works on Sullivan's Island. They infantry are doing duty as heavy artillery, sometimes cavalry, and a battery of light artillery is brought over at night from Mount Pleasant for picket duty.

At Mount Pleasant there is one battalion of infantry, two light artillery batteries, and some cavalry, who do picket toward the Fifteen-Mile House. They also state that the city is guarded by home guards. In regard to James Island and general information, they know nothing. Our fire upon the city has been as usual; we have also fired upon different working parties on Johnson's Point and at Secessionville. At the latter place they are mounting guns. At this present writing (3 p.m.) a brisk cannonade is being kept up between our batteries on Morris Island and the enemy's works upon Johnson's Point and Sullivan's Island, also between our works on Long island and two batteries at Secessionville.

Your obedient servant,A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Island.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

