
Blau,of the Fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, were sent out over Kiawah Island with the same object as the party from Legareville. They proceeded to the southeastern end of Kiawah Island, carefully patrolling the interior of the island, but found not trace of either friend or enemy outside of our lines. I had given the party orders to cross to Seabrook Island, if practicable, but this was found impossible on account of the change that has taken place in the creek between Kiawah and Seabrook. This creek, which formerly had but from 2 to 3 feet of water at low tide, has deepened so much as to no longer fordable even for cavalry.

On the 14th instant, a portion of the Seventy-fourth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Major Klenker, laid planks on the bridge, and crossed from the right of Cole's Island to James Island for the purpose of setting fire to the trees and brush which we cut down before leaving our position there on the 10th of July. Their crossing was covered by the guns of our battery on the right of Cole's Island. The enemy fell back,and the object of the crossing was accomplished with no attempt at interference on his part. It is thus demonstrated that we can now at any time cross to our former position on James Island without difficulty.

Companies E and I of the Third Rhode Island Artillery, stationed at Fort Strong, were relieved on the 14th instant by Companies K and L of the same regiment the former being about to return home by reason of expiration of term of service.

On the 15th instant, eighteen teams arrived in the district from Hilton Head. A schooner bringing the five Dahlgren guns arrived at Light-House Inlet this morning, and is now being discharged. The only steamer now at my disposal is the Golden Gate; she is not sufficient to supply the transportation of ammunition from Stono to Light-House Inlet, especially as I am obliged to send her to Legareville and elsewhere for lumber to supply the engineers. The large amount of fatigue duty that the troops under my command are obliged to carry on is beginning to have its effect in an increase of sickness among them.

In compliance with orders from department headquarters received this day, the One hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers and the Thirty-second Regiment U. S. Colored Troops have been ordered to embark for Hilton Head, and route for the North. My reason for selecting the One hundred and third Regiment New York Volunteers as the one to go are: First. That they have been in this department longer than any other white regiment in this district, and that the effect of the climate is showing itself in their sick list. Second. That the colonel of this regiment has heretofore made application to be removed from my command.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER, A. A. G.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Morris Island, S. C., August 24, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that nothing of special interest has occurred since my last report except the burning of Legareville by the enemy on the night of the 20th instant. This

