
With regard to the engineer work in this district Lieutenant Edwards, First New York Volunteer Engineers,reports that all the repairing of platforms in the old works is completed and the necessary sodding is being done as rapidly as practicable. The Dahlgren battery he reports cannot be completed with the present details and transportation available in less than from two to three weeks.

The ground for the prisoners' camp is entirely inclosed and graded off. The tents will be put to-night; all that is wanted to complete the camps is the material for the raised sentry walk to be put around it. I received notice this morning from Captain Green, commanding squadron off Charleston, that these prisoners were on board of a transport steamer off this island. I expect to be ready to have them land by Sunday, the 4th instant. I will submit the regulation for the prisoners' camp by the next steamer.

I have to report that I sent the armed transport steamer Plato back to Hilton Head on the 28th ultimo. On the same day Ensign Neil, of the major-general's staff, also left here for Hilton Head.

The supply of coal in this district has entirely run out. The chief quartermaster at Hilton Head has instructed my quartermaster to borrow coal from the navy,but it seems their supply is also exhausted and they have none to lend.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

A. SCHIMMELFENNIG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain W. L. M. BURGER, A. A. G.

No. 8. Reports of Major Joseph Morrison, One hundred and third New York Infantry, of demonstration on James Island (May 22) and skirmish on James Island (July 2).

LONG ISLAND, S. C., May 22, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, in obedience with orders I received from the commanding officer of the post of Folly Island, S. C., I this day made a reconnaissance in force to James Island, with 400 men - 150 men of the One hundred and third New York Volunteers and 250 of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers. As I received the order to cross to James Island very late in the evening of the 21st, I had but little time to make preparations, and as the moon and tide were against such a movement, I entered on the expedition fully conscious that my landing on James Island would be disputed, and that I would find the rebels in force at the abatis in front of Tiger Island,and I was not mistaken. Owing tot he fact that I had but four small boats at my disposal, it took me from 12 m. to 4 a.m. to land my men on Tiger Island. The rebel picket-pots in front of Battery No. 2 could plainly see every boat-load of men that crossed.

At ten minutes after 4 a.m., I sent a party of 20 men over the swamp as skirmishers, to feel if the enemy was in force behind the abatis. As the skirmishers were fired upon immediately, I sent Captain J. E. Quentin, One hundred and third New York Volunteers, over with 75 men, with orders to deploy his men so that his right would rest on the swamp that runs through James Island, and to advance rapidly in the direction of Stono River, always keeping his

