
right resting on the swamp. I sent Captain William Redlick, One hundred and third New York Volunteers, after Captain Quentin, with orders to form his men on the left of Quentin's and to advance in a line with him. I ordered Captain W. Nutt, with one company of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, to deploy and engage the enemy that were posted on the right of the stone house, and who were at the time firing upon us from behind bushes. I then crossed over with the remainder of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, and,on landing, detached another company to support Captains Quentin and Redlick, who were at the time busily engaged with the enemy on the right. While Captains Quentin and Redlick were driving the rebels on the right in the most gallant manner, Captain W. Nutt,of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, was advancing and clearing the woods on the left in fine style.

When I arrived opposite Cole's Island, and finding that nothing more could be accomplished, as the enemy would not stand and fight, I was preparing to fall back by way of Cole's Island when I met the colonel commanding the post, who had with him a force to cover our crossing in case the enemy followed us up. We fell back in perfect order, having 3 men wounded and 2 missing. Seven of the wounded belonged to the One hundred and third New York Volunteers, and 2 missing to the same regiment. The missing are supposed to have been killed. All our wounded were carried off the field in safety and are now in hospital.

During the engagement the officers and men of the One hundred and third New York Volunteers proved themselves worthy of the reputation they made at South Mountain, Antietam, Fredericksburg, and Suffolk. The Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers conducted themselves throughout like veterans, and no one would judge from their conduct under fire that it was their first fight. The presence of their accomplished colonel, who volunteered for the purpose of witnessing the demeanor of his men (waiving his rank), had an excellent effect on the men. As the officers and men of both detachments have done so well I am very loath to speak in terms of censure of any one, but my duty to the service compels me to say that First Lieutenant A. Hurner, of the One hundred and third New York Volunteers,and Lieutenant Bradish,of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, behaved more like poltroons than like officers of a military organization. Lieutenant Stimpson, of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, acted as my aide, and was conspicuous for his coolness.

I regret that circumstances over which I had no control prevented me from taking any prisoners, but I am conscious of having carried out to the letter the orders I received and of having done everything to forward the objects that the colonel commanding had in view. I met the enemy in superior force and in positions chosen by himself, and defeated him at all points. The fact that it required four 4-horse ambulances all the forenoon to draw off from the field the killed and wounded of the enemy shows how severely he was punished by my men.

Hoping that the indomitable bravery of the officers and men under my command maybe recognized by the colonel commanding the post, I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH MORRISON,

Major, Commanding 103rd New York Volunteers.

Captain THEOPHILE WAUGNER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

