
was compelled to fall back a few rods and reform behind a strong rifle-pit, running in front of the enemy's works. At the time the enemy opened upon my regiment with canister, the Thirty-third U. S. Colored Troops on my left commenced firing. After forming my regiment behind the rifle-pits, I received orders to advance by the left flank on the rebel works, which I did,but did not arrive until the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers had possession. After forming at Battery Wright, I was ordered to move my regiment forward and take up a position behind a rifle-pit about a quarter of a mile farther on in the direction of Secessionville, where we remained till 9 p.m., when I was ordered to march the regiment back to the overseer's house, opposite Cole's Island. Nothing took place during the 3rd of July worth reporting.

I cannot close this report without acknowledging my indebtedness to Lieutenant Olmesorg,who acted as my adjutant, for the cheerful assistance he rendered me during the stay of the regiments on James Island. His energy as an executive officer is only surpassed by his gallantry under fire.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JOSEPH MORRISON,

Major, Commanding 103rd New York Volunteers.

Lieutenant PERRY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, No. 21. Folly Island, S. C., May 26, 1864.

The colonel commanding the post expresses thanks to officers and men of his command who have participated in the engagements on the morning of the 22nd of May and the night before. All orders have been carried out with the strongest determination. The colonel commanding feels it his duty to mention particularly the conduct of Major Morrison,of the One hundred and third New York Volunteers,and the detachments of the One hundred and third New York Volunteers and of the Fifty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers under his command,and with pride he expresses his fullest satisfaction to all of them.

By order of Colonel Leopold von Gilsa, commanding post:

TH. WAUGNER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 9. Reports of Brigadier General Rufus Saxton, U. S. Army, commanding Northern District, of operations in September.

HDQRS. NORTHERN DISTRICT, DEPT. OF THE SOUTH, Morris Island, S. C., September 17, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that threw is no material change in the status of affairs in this command since my last report. The enemy seems very active along their liens and have recently received a large number of negroes from the interior, who are at work on their batteries. Quite a number are in Front Sumter. A new battery has been established between Johnson and Secessionville, which, with Bee and Moultrie, gives a pretty strong cross-fire on our front works. A new camp was discovered yesterday on Sullivan's

