
The total loss during the occupation of Johns' Island was 2 officers and 9 men killed, and 2 officers and 69 men wounded. The number missing I have not yet received. It is, however, very small, but unfortunately number among them a valuable officer, Surg. W. T. Robinson, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

In closing this report, I take pleasure in calling to the notice of the major-general commanding the department the valuable service rendered by Colonel W. W. H. Davis, One hundred and fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers. His energy, activity, and gallantly made his loss a severe one to the expedition, and it was felt to be so by his command, who are much attached to him. Colonel Montgomery, commanding brigade, and Colonel Slidell, commanding One hundred and forty-fourth New York Volunteers, also deserve notice for their skillful handling of their troops and gallantry in action. Lieutenant Colonel W. T. Bennett, One hundred and second U. S. Colored Troops, serving on my staff, rendered valuable assistance, both on the march and in action. I cannot express too strongly the estimation in which I hold his conduct. Lieutenant E. B. Van Winkle, aide-de-camp, was untiring in the performance of his duties, and ambitious of distinction on the field. To the officers of Major-General Foster's staff, Captain W. L. M. Burger, assistant adjutant-general, and First Lieutenant J. R. McGinness, Ordnance Department, who accompanied me as volunteers, I am under obligations for their cheerful attention to the disagreeable duties imposed on them by the vexatious delays and difficulties, unexpected but unavoidable.

I am, captain,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. P. HATCH,

Brigadier General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding

Captain W. L. M. BURGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 12. Reports of Colonel Henry M. Hoyt, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CHARLESTON JAIL, August 2, 1864.

On 3rd July we carried Fort Simkins, the Brooke gun battery, and with 135 men (all who had landed) pushed over the parapets of Fort Johnson, and the garrison had actually begun to leave. The battery (Tynes) was in our possession. Nothing but the failure of the other boats to land prevented our capture of the works. All who landed (five boat-loads, 135) were captured. I trust the most thorough investigation will be made, let the responsibility fall where it may.

HENRY M. HOYT,

Colonel Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 5, 1864.

Received by the hands of one of our released officers.

Copy to be sent to General Schimmelfennig.

J. G. FOSTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

