
At this point my forces were very largely outnumbered; the controversy war prolonged some little time, but in a feeble an desultory manner, and the undertaking was of necessity abandoned. The entire party was taken prisoners.

I am persuaded that at the time of our landing the number of the enemy in the work did not exceed 150, nor during the pendency of out attempts to enter and hold the works did their number increase by re-enforcements, which were near at hand in camp, to more than 300.

I beg leave to speak in terms of unqualified praise of the conduct of the officers whose name I have mentioned above and the men who landed, both in their resolute manner of bringing their boats ashore and the gallantry with which, under a most disheartening want of support, they charged a formidable line of forts and earth-works under severe fire of musketry, grape, and canister, and the tenacity with which they continued en evidently hopeless struggle.

The casualties on shore were, killed, 7; wounded, 16; total, 23.

I have deemed it my duty to give many minute particulars of facts which occurred and make this report a very detailed one.

Very respectfully submitted.

HENRY M. HOYT,

Colonel Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain R. H. L. JEWETT,

A. A. A. G., U. S. Forces, Morris Island, S. C.

No. 13. Report of Major Thomas B. Jayne, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Morris Island, S. C., August 10, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the assault of Fort Johnson on the morning of July 3, 1864:

Orders had been received for the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel H. M. Hoyt commanding, to proceed across the harbor for the purpose of assaulting Fort Johnson. The movement, from causes of which I am not informed, was delayed until the evening of July 2. Arrangements as to how the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers should proceed there had all been completed on the 1st, and we were to go by the Fort Sumter channel. Late on the evening of the 2nd, the route was changed, and another guide from the one which I understood was to act was substituted. This guide was a sergeant of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers, who was to conduct the expedition through a middle channel, in order to avoid being discovered by the enemy at Fort Sumter. By this route it was fully understood that we were to land the same as though proceeding by the Sumter channel.

On the evening of July 2, as soon as the darkness sufficient to cover the movement from the observation of the enemy, the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers moved to the camp of the boat infantry, near which they were to embark. The regiment was assigned

