
great confusion among the boats. Only one boat, No. 6, First Lieutenant Thomas E. Evans commanding, of the second boat division, landed. Had I been able to have reached the front I think the regiment would have landed, although the fire was heavy. The failure in landing the second boat division I cannot account for; they fell back without orders, as the bugle sound only was to have been the signal to retreat.

The following are the names of the cockswains and oarsmen of the different boats: No. 1, Lieutenant Norman P. Farr commanding, all of Fifty-second except the cockswain; cockswain, Sergt. Robert Bennett, One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers; oarsmen, Privates Thomas Cassiday, Jonas Miller, Thomas Ray, and Daniel W. Turner, Company A. No. 6, Captain H. H. Jenks, all of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; cockswain, Jonathan Davis, Company I, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers; oarsmen, Albert Seneff, Jeremiah James, Michael Cadden, Richard Davis, Company I. No. 7, Captain W. S. Chatham; cockswain, W. W. Archer, sergeant Company H; oarsmen, Peter Weaver, P. Snedicor, William James, and Peter Connelly, Company H, all of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 8, Lieutenant William V. Hollinsworth, Company C; cockswain, Private Michael O'Neil, Company H; oarsmen, John G. La France, John E. Perry, Charles Wagner, Martin Groner, Company H, all of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 9, Captain John B. Fish, Company H; cockswain, Sidney B. Weed, Company E; oarsmen, Joseph L. White, Ezra O. Smith, Peter L. Vrooman, Alfred D. Finney, Company E, all of Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 10, Captain H. D. Weed, Company E; cockswain, Corpl. Alva Dolph, Company K; oarsmen, Tryal Styles, Edmund Jones, Andrew Scutt, and Charles Rubeck, all of Company K, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 13, Captain Nathaniel Pierson, Company G; cockswain, Corpl. Henry C. Mott, Company G; George Mack, William Long, and Henry Rummerfield, oarsmen, all of Company G, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 14, Sergt. George W. Samson, Company K; cockswain, Corpl. William H. Robbins, Company G; [oarsmen,] Alamanza De Camp, John Welch, William Carroll, and Edward H. Davis, all of Company G, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 15. Lieutenant David Moses, Company K; cockswain, Private James Sweeney, Company B; oarsmen, Jonathan Jones, Joseph B. Maxwell, Jacob W. Sharp, Charles Livingston, privates Company B, all of Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 16, Captain R. W. Bannatyne, Company B; cockswain, Private John J. Culberson, Company B; oarsmen, Nathaniel Josling, John G. Gilmartin, De. Shoemaker, Giles R. Wilcox, privates Company B, all of Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. No. 17, Major T. B. Jayne, cockswain, Private George H. Titus, Company B; oarsmen, John H. Riker, William H. Kishpaugh, J. F. Miller, Leander C. Low, privates Company B, all of Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers.

The numbers of boats' crews not included are those which were unfit for use.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

THOMAS B. JAYNE,

Major Fifty-second Penn. Vols., Commanding Third Boat Div.

Captain R. H. L. JEWETT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

