
handed to him, and by the time he got the boat straightened up another shot was fired on us, when the cockswain again fell or dodged and lost the second oar and the boat lost its headway. I then ordered him down the bottom of the boat, and directed First Sergt. William Vaughn to take his place, which he did, and handled the boat in a cool manner. We were then going toward Fort Johnson, but made slow progress on account of having only three oars to work with. Directly after the second gun they commenced firing on us with several guns, some 4 or 5 shots coming almost together. I was then moving straight toward the beach in front of Johnson, distant about 250 yards, when seeing the boats in front of me turning back, and looking to the rear I saw the boats in rear of mine were turning back, and not seeing any of the boat division commanders, nor knowing where they were, and being uncertain whether any of our boats landed or not, I did not think it proper to go any farther. I had previously heard the order to retreat, bud did not know who gave it, whether an officer or not; did not consider it authority to retreat on. I then gave the order to retreat and returned to Paine's Dock. With the exception of the cockswain, the men behaved well.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. W. BANNATYNE,

Captain, Fifty-second Penn. Vols., Commanding Co. B.

Lieutenant DAVID MOSES,

Acting Adjutant.

No. 15. Report of Lieutenant Philo M. Burr, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

MORRIS ISLAND, S. C., August 10, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part I took in the attack on Fort Johnson, S. C., July 3, 1864:

I was assigned to the command of the metallic boat, No. 15 in line, third division,under command of Major T. B. Jayne, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. While embarking, Lieutenant Moses' boat was disabled, and Colonel Hoyt ordered him to get into No. 15. There being no other boat, I got into No. 17 with Major Jayne.

The names of the crew were as follows: Cockswain, George H. Titus,oarsmen, John H. Riker, L. C. Low, J. F. Miller, William H. Kishpaugh,all of Company B, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers. There were 17, all told, in the boat; 8 of the infantry were of Company B, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 from Company C, and the sergeant-major of the regiment. Major Jayne and myself, while going to Paine' Dock, were compelled to get out of the boat and lift it over the bar once. We remained at the dock until about 1 a.m., when we started toward Fort Putnam in order. It was quite difficult to keep our places, owing to the darkness and the boats not being connected. When nearly opposite the mouth of Wagner Creek we turned toward Fort Johnson. We passed several boats and met Colonel Hoyt. He told Major Jayne he was too far in advance, and that he must get with his division, which he did. We moved on some way, when the boats stopped again. We came

