
The names of my boat's crew are as follows: Sergt. W. W. Archer, Company H, cockswain; Peter Weaver, P. Snedicor, William James, and Peter Connelly, Company H, oarsmen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. S. CHATHAM,

Captain, Commanding Co. C. Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant DAVIS MOSES,

Acting Adjutant

No. 17. Report of Lieutenant William V. Hollingsworth, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., Morris Island, S. C., August 9, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 2nd July I, embarked in the boat No. 8, Colonel H. M. Hoyt's boat division, in the creek near the left batteries. I had on board the boat 7 men of Company C, 12 of Company H, 9 color guards (my boat being the color-boat),and 5 boat's crew, all of the Fifty-second Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. I arrived at Paine's Dock about 12 p.m., and took my place in the line about 2.30 a.m., the morning of the 3rd; pulled up to Wagner Creek and halted about fifteen minutes; then started for the point of Fort Putnam, arrived there about 3 a.m., and halted about ten minutes, when the command "Forward" was given, at which time my boat got entangled with some of the boats of the One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers and of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, when Captain J. B. Fish, of the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers, told me that Captain Fish would hold me responsible for my boat moving forward; to which I replied, "I will move as soon as I get orders where to go;" to which, he Captain Fish, answered, "Follow the boats ahead." I then ordered my men to pull ahead, which they did; arrived at Simkins' Point at daybreak, when I commenced pulling the point, and when within about 300 yards of Fort Johnson one of the boats ahead backed water and ran across the bow of my boat, and showed me out in the stream. I then got straightened up as soon as I possible could, and made another attempt to land, when the order "Retreat" was given. I looked round and saw that the boats were all retiring. I then ordered my boat's [crew] to pull of Fort Putnam, which they did. When I arrived near the point of Fort Putnam, I changed my course and returned to the place of embarkation. I did not know that any of our boats had made a landing until after I returned to camp.

The names of my boat's crew are as follows: Private M. O'Neil, Company H, cockswain; Privates John G. La France, John E. Perry, C. Wagner, Martin Groner, oarsmen.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. V. HOLLINGSWORTH,

First Lieutenant Company C, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

Lieutenant DAVID MOSES,

Acting Adjutant Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

