
No. 18. Report of Captain Hannibal D. Weed, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOL., Morris Island, S. C., August 9, 1864.

ADJUTANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by me in the assault made on Fort Johnson on the morning of the 3rd of July, 1864:

I was in command on pontoon No. 10,being the last boat of center division, command by Colonel Hoyt, and having a crew of 30 men, 1 cockswain, Corporal Dolph, Company K; oarsmen, Styles, Jones, Scutt, Rubeck, all of Company K; total, 35; embarking at the boat infantry [landing] about 10 p.m., ran to Paine's Dock and waited the arrival of the balance of the boats. The expedition left Paine's Dock about 12 p.m. I followed in the rear of No. 9, boat, commanded by Captain Fish.

The expedition came to a halt opposite Fort Gregg. Colonel Hoyt came along the line of boats and gave the order to advance. We them moved on, but not in regular order, the Fifty-second Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and twenty-seventh New York Volunteers being badly mixed; sometimes could hardly tell them apart. Between 3 and 4 o'clock in the morning found us near the rebel works on James Island. A portion of the expedition then came to a halt. I was at that time lost from Captain Fish's (No. 9) boat; saw the color-boat (No. 8), commanded by Lieutenant Hollingsworth, and ordered my men to row to them; on getting to them I found they were moving toward the shore. I followed in their rear; my boat got jammed among some other boats. I then lost sight of the color-boat; we were at that time near Johnson's Point. I think there was at that time ten or eleven boats in the advance of mine. I passed the point, followed by Captain Pierson. I was at that time about 50 yards shore, but all of 250 yards from where Colonel Hoyt must have landed. The rebel was soon fired, and I ordered my men to pull for shore, which order they were cheerfully obeying when orders came from the front to retreat, but who gave the order I cannot say. I asked several times who gave the over, but got no reply. The boats at this time in front of me had turned and were retreating. I gave orders for my boat to turn and follow. I did not know at that time there were any of our men on shore.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

H. D. WEED,

Captain, Fifty-second Regiment Penn. Vols., Commanding Co. E.

Lieutenant DAVID MOSES,

Acting Adjutant Fifty-second Penn. Vols.

No. 19. Report of Captain Nathaniel Pierson, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Morris Island, S. C., August 9, 1864.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that on the day of the 2nd of July, ultimo, I left camp with 174 men for the purpose of an assault

