
on Fort Johnson, and my company was assigned to boats named repaired boat and ship-boat, and the balance in number was to go to Company B, metallic boat.

I had orders to select 4 oarsmen and 1 cockswain for each of the two boats, but when I got to the dock Colonel Hoyt told me that the boats did not hold as many as had been anticipated, and the boats that had been assigned to me had to be given to other parties, but he would furnish me boats it I would go down to the other dock, meaning the one to the right of the causeway or foot-bridge. I went there and found no boats. When Major Jayne called for me I went to him and he told me I might take that boat, pointing to one under the brigade, and ordered me to get a boat's crew and take what men I could and follow Company K. I then detailed Corpl. H. C. Mott cockswain, and George Mack, William Long, and Henry Rummerfield as oarsmen, Sergeant Shepherd, who was slightly wounded in the knee by a musket ball from Fort Simkins, and 8 men accompanying me, leaving on the dock 48 men for whom transportation could not be furnished.

We left the dock about midnight and Paine's Wharf about 2 a.m., July 3,and arrived in front of Fort Johnson about daybreak, when there was a terrific fire opened from the several forts on James Island. My boat at the time was close to Company E, Captain Weed. While lying there waiting orders, word came from the right "to fall back; we cannot stand this." I inquired by what order, but we were near about run down by other boats, when we, out of sheer compulsion, were obliged to fall back. I could not and did not know that a single boat had landed until we got back to camp.

I would further say that I was in the third division of the regiment under the command of Major Jayne.

Yours, truly,

N. PIERSON,

Captain, Fifty-second Penn. Vols., Commanding Co. G.

Lieutenant D. MOSES,

Acting Adjutant Fifty-second Penn. Vols.

No. 20. Report of Captain Harry H. Jenks, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND Regiment PENNSYLVANIA VOLS., August 9, 1864.

SIR: In compliance with instructions, I would respectfully report that I commanded the fifth boat in the assault of Fort Johnson on the morning of 3rd July. The crew were from my company, viz: Cockswain, Jonathan Davis, Company I; stroke oar, Albert Seneff; oarsmen, Jeremiah James, Michael Cadden, Richard Davis, all of Company I.

My boat carried 41 men, viz, 30 of my company, 5 of Company D, 1 cockswain, 4 oarsmen, and myself. Being so heavily loaded I

7 R R-VOL XXXV, PT I

