
could not keep my place in the line; several of the boats lighter loaded passed me. When the firing commenced my men behaved well. I kept my boat moving forward until I was certain of having reached my place, as all the boats that had passed me had turned back, the last, carrying the colors, being the last to turn. I then saw it was folly to go ahead,as all the other boats were going back, and ordered my boat "put about,"and the cockswain to run for Fort Putnam. At the time my boat was put about there was no boat nearer Johnson than mine,except those which I afterward heard had landed. Mine was the first boat of Colonel H. M. Hoyt's division.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HARRY H. JENKS,

Captain Co. I, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

Major THOMAS B. JAYNE.

No. 21. Report of Lieutenant David Moses, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry, of assault on Fort Johnson and Battery Simkins.

CAMP FIFTY-SECOND PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS, Morris Island, S. C., August 9, 1864.

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by me in the assault on Fort Johnson on the morning of July 3, 1864:

I was assigned to boats Nos.12,and 13, but after getting to the dock and commencing to embark the boat I was assigned to sank, so I had to take another boat, which I understand was No. 15. I had neither of the boats Nos.12 and 13. The boat I was in leaked very badly and was half full by the time. I reached Paine's Wharf. I had neither of the boat crews first assigned to me, owing to the change that had taken place.

The crew of No. 15 was from Company B,of our regiment. Their names are as follows: Cockswain, Private James Sweeney; oarsmen, Privates Jonathan Jones, Joseph B. Maxwell, Jacob W. Sharp, Charles Livingston.

I was in the third division, under your command, and started from Paine's Wharf, about 2 o'clock in the morning of Fort Johnson, on James Island.

The first intimation I had of the retreat was hearing considerable noise and howling in different parts of the line, and seeing boats passing back in the direction we came.

When I put my boat about, the boat with colors was passing me on its way back.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID MOSES,

Second Lieutenant Co. K, Fifty-second Pennsylvania Vols.

Major THOMAS B. JAYNE,

Commanding Fifty-second Pennsylvania Infantry.

