CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
derice, however, had been retarded by various occur-
rences, and had C9me to no definite result when the
special mission of Lord Ashburton was announced.
This movement on the part of England afforded, in
the judgment of the Executive, a favorable opportu-
nity for making an attempt to settle this long-exist-
ing controversy by some agreement or treaty, with-
out further reference to arbitration. It seemed
entirely proper that, if this purpose were entertained,
consultation should be had with the authorities of
the States of Maine and Massachusetts. Letters,
therefore, of which copies are herewith communicated,
were addressed to the Governors of those States,
suggesting that commissioners should be appointed
by each of them, respectively, to repair to this city
and confer with the authorities of this Government,
on a line, by agreement or compromise, with its equiva-
lents and compensations. This suggestion was met
by both States hi a spirit of candor and patriotism,
and promptly complied with. Four commissioners
on the part of Maine, and three on the part of Massa-
chusetts (all persons of distinction and high character)
were duly appointed and commissioned, and lost no
time in presenting themselves at the seat of Govern-
ment of the United States. These commissioners
have been in correspondence with this Government
during the period of the discussions; have enjoyed its
confidence and freest communications; have aided
the general object with their counsel and advice; and,
in the end, have unanimously signified their assent
to the line proposed in the treaty.
Ordinarily, it would be no easy task to reconcile
and bring together such a variety of interests in a
matter in itself difficult and perplexed; but the efforts
of the Government in attempting to accomplish this
desirable object have been seconded and sustained
by a spirit of accommodation and conciliation on the
part of the States concerned, to which much of the
success of these efforts is to be ascribcd.
Connected with the settlement of the line of the
Northeastern boundary, so far as it rcspects the States
of Maine and Massachusetts, is the continuation of
that line along the highlands to the northwesternmost
head of Connecticut river. Which of the sources of
that stream is entitled to this character, has been
matter of controversy, and is of some interest to the
State of New Hampshire, The King of the Nether-
lands decided the main branch to be the northwest-
crnmo&t head of the Connecticut. This did not sat-
isfy the claim of New Hampshire. The line agreed
to in the present treaty follows the highlands to the
head of Hall's stream, and thence down that river,
embracing the whole claim of New Hampshire, and
establishing her title to 100,000 acres of tenitoiy
more than she would have had by the decision of tho
King of the Netherlands.
By the treaty of 1763, the line is to proceed down
the Connecticut river to the 46th decree of north
latitude, and thence went, by that parallel, till it strikes
the St. Lawrence. Recent cumulations having as-
certained that the line heretofore received a.-? the true
line of latitude between those points was erroneous,
and that the correction of this oner would not only
leave, on the British side, a considerable tioct of ter-
ritory heretofoie supposed to belong to the State* of
Vermont; and New York, but also house's Point, the
site of a military woik of the United Slates; it has
been regarded as an object of importance, not only to
establish the rights and jurisdiction of those States up
to the line to which they have been considered to ex-
tend, but also to comprehend Rouse's Point within
the teiritory of the United States. The relinquish-
ment by the British Government of all the territory
south of the line heretofore considered to be tho true
line, has been obtained; and the consideration for
this relinquishment is to enure, by the provisions of
the treaty, to the States of Maine and Massachusetts.
The line of boundary, then, from the source of the
St. Croix to the St. Lawrence, so far as Maine and
Massachusetts are concerned, is lixed by their own
consent, and for considerations satisfactory to them;
the chief of these considerations being the privilege
of transporting the lumber and agricultural products
grown and raised in Maine, on die waters of the St.
John and its tributaries, down that river to the ocean,
free from imposition or disability. The importance
of this privilege, perpetual in its terms, to a country
covered at present by pine forests of great value, and
much of it capable hereafter of agricultural improve-
ment, is not a matter upon which the opinion of in-
telligent men is likely to be divided.
So far as New Hampshire is concerned, the treaty
secures all that she requires; and New York and
Vermont are quieted to the extent of their claim and
occupation. The difference which would be made
in the northern boundary of these two States, by
correcting the parallel of latitude, may be seen on
Tanner's maps, (183G,) new atlas, maps Nos. 6
and 9.
From the intersection of the 45th degree of north
latitude with the St. Lawrence, and along that river
and the lakes to the water communication between
Lake Huron and Lake Superior, the line was defini-
tively agreed on by the commissioners of the two Gov-
ernments, under the 6th article of the treaty of Ghent.
But between this last-mentioned point and the Lake
of the Woods, the commissioners* acting under the 7th
article of that treaty found several matters of dis-
agreement, and therefore made no joint report to
their respective Governments. The first of these was
Sugar island, or St. George's island, lying in St.
Mary's river, or the water communication between
Lakes Huron and Superior. By the presentj3a *y7~
this island is embraced in the territoriee^the United
States. Both from soil and-position, it is regarded
as of much valu,©;- ? *
Another Shatter of difference was the manner of
extending the line from the point at which the com-
missioners arrived, north of lie Royale, in Lake Su-
perior, to the Lake of the Woods. The British com-
missioner insisted on proceeding to Fond du Lac, at
the southwest angle of the lake, and thence, by the
river St. Louis, to the Rainy Lake. The American
commissioner supposed the true course to be, to pro-
ceed by way of tho Dog river. Attempts were made
to compromise this difference, but without success.
The details of these proceedings are found at length
in tho printed separate reports of the commissioners.
From the imperfect knowledge of this remote
country at the date of the treaty of peace, some of
the descriptions in that treaty do not harmonize with
its natural features, as now ascertained. "Long
Lake*' is nowhere to be found under that name.
There is reason for supposing, however, that the
sheet of water intended by that name is the estuary
at the mouth of Pigeon river. The present tieaty,
therefore, adopts that estuary and river, and after-
wards pursues the usual route, across the height of
land by the various portages and small lakes, till
the line reaches Rainy Lake; from which the com-
missioners agreed on the extension of it to its termi-
nation, in the northwest angle of the Lake of the
Woods. The region of country on and near the shore
of the lake, between Pigeon river on the north, and
Fond du Lac and the river St. Louis on tho .south and
west, considered valuable as a mineral region, is thus
included within the United States. It embraces a ter-
utory of four millions of acres, northward of tho claim
pet up by the British commissioner under the treaty
of Ghent. From the height of land at the head of
Pigeon river, westerly to the Rainy Lake, the couu-
tiy is understood to be of little value, being described
by surveyors, and marked on the map, as a region of
rock and water.
From the noithwcst angle of the Lake of the
Woods, which is found to be in latitude 45 deg. 23
min. 55 sec. notth, existing treaties rcquhe the line
to be run due south to its intersection with the 45th
parallel, and thence along that parallel to the Rocky
mountains.
After sundry informal communications with the
British minister upon the subject of the claims of the
two countries to territory west of the Rocky moun-
tains, so little probability was found to exist of com-
ing to any agreement on that subject at present, that
it was not thought expedient to make it one of the
subjects of formal negotiation, to be entered upon be-
tween this Government and the British minister, as
part of his duties under his special mission.
By the treaty of 1783, the line of division along
the rivers and lakes, from the place where the 45th
parallel of north latitude strikes the St. Lawrence,
to the outlet of Lake Superior, is invariably to be
drawn through the middle of such waters, and not
through the middle of their mam channels. Such a
line, if extended according to the literal terms of the
treaty, would, it is obvious, occasionally intersect
islands. The manner in which the commissioners of
the two Governments dealt with this difficult subject
may be seen in their reports. But where the,line,
thus following the middle of the river, or water-
course, did not meet with islands, yet it was liable
sometimes to leave the only practicable navigable
channel altogether on one side. The treaty made no
provision for the common use of the waters by the
citizens and subjects of both countries.
It has happened, therefore, in a few instances, th^t
the use of the river, in particular places, would be
greatly diminished, to one party or the other, if, in
fact, there was not a choice in the use of channels
and passages. Thus, at the Long Sault, in tho St.
Lawrence—a dangerous passage, practicable only for
boats—the only safe run is between the Long Sault
islands and Barnhart's island (all which belong to the
United States) on one side, and the American shore
on the other. On the other hand, by far the best
passage for vessels of any depth of water, from Lake
Erie into the Detroit river, is between Bois Blanc, a
British islandA^sxud~.th^-Xana<lian.shore. • So again
^l^uw^^^ttr^se^eral channels or passages, of different
degrees of facility and usefulness, between the several
islands in the river St. Clair, at or near its entry,
into the lake of that name. In these three cases, the
treaty provides that all the several passages and
channels shall be free and open to the use of the cit-
izens and subjects of both parties.
The treaty obligations subsisting between the two
countries for the suppression of the African slave-
trade, and the complaints made to this Government
within the last three or four years, (many of them but
too well founded,) of the visitation, seizure, and de-
tention of American vessels on that coast by British
cruisers, could not but form a delicate and highly
important part of tho negotiations which have now
been held.
The early and prominent part which the Govern-
ment of the United States has taken for the abolition
of this unlawful and inhuman traffic, is well known.
By the tenth article of the treaty of Ghent, it is de-
clared that tho traffic in slaves is irreconcileable
with the principles of humanity and justice, and that
both his Majesty and the United States are desirous
of continuing their efforts to promote its entire aboli-
tion; and it is thereby agreed that both the contract-
ing parties shall use their best endeavors to accom-
plish so desirable an object. The Government of
the United States has, by law, declared the African
slave-trade piracy; and, at its suggestion, other na-
tions have made similar enactments. It has not been
wanting in honest and zealous efforts, made in con
formity with the wishes of the whole country, to ac-
complish the entire abolition of the traffic in slaves
upon the African coast; but these efforts, and those
of other countries directed to tho same end, have
proved, to a considerable degree, unsuccessful.
Tieatics aft known to havo been entered into somo
years ago between England and France, by which
the former power, which usually maintains a large
naval force on the African station, was authorized to
seize, and bring in for adjudication, vessels found en-
gaged in the slave-trade under the French flag.
It is known that, in December fast, a treaty was
signed in London by the representatives of England,
Franco, Russia, Prussia, and Austria, having for its
professed object a strong and united effort of the five
powers to put an end to the traffic. This treaty was
not oflicially communicated to the Government of
the United States; but its provisions and stipulations
are supposed to be accurately known to the public.
It is understood to be not yet, ratified on the part of
France.
No application or request has been made to thics
Government to become a party to this treaty; but the
course it might take in regard to it has excited no
small degree of attention and discussion in Europe,
as the principle upon which it is founded, and the
stipulations which it contains, have-caused warm
animadversion and great political excitement.
In my message at the commencement of the pres-
ent session of Congress, I endeavored to state the
principles which this Government supports respect-
ing the right of search and the immunity of flags.
■ Desirous of maintaining those principles fully, at the
same time that existing obligations should be fulfilled^
