CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
into the Bay des Chaleurs, in the Gulf of St. Law-
rence, has its source so far west as to intervene
between the headwaters of the river St. John and
those of the streams emptying into the river St.
Lawrence; so that the line norlh from the source
.of the river St. Croix will first strike the heights
of land which divide the waters emptying into the
Atlantic ocean (river St. John) from "those empty-
ing into the Gulf of St. Lawrence, (river des Cha-
leurs,) and afterward the heights of land which
divide the waters emptying into the Gulf of St.
Lawrence (river ties Chaleurs) from those empty-
ing into the river St. Lawrence; but that the said
line never can, in the words of the treaty, strike
any spot of land actually dividing the waters emp-
tying into the Atlantic 'ocean, from those which
fall into the river St. Lawrence."
So obvious an argument in opposition to the line
claimed by America could not escape the known
sagacity of Mr. Gallatin. I state it, not for the pur-
pose of discussing its merit, but to show that, at
Ghent, not only the fact was well known that this
boundary was a matter in dispute, but that the ar-
guments respecting it had then been weighed by the
gentlsman so eminent in its subsequent discussion.
Indeed, the fact that the American ministers made
this disputed question a matter for reference, by a
treaty afteiward ratified by the President and
Senate, must, in every candid mind, be sufficient
proof that it was generally consicered to be in-
volved 111 sufficient doubt to entitle it to such a
mode of solution. Tt cannot, possibly, he supposed
that the Prest'ent and Senate would have ad-
mitted, by treaty, doubts resper ting this boundary,
if they had been heard of for the first time through
the pretensions oi the British plenipotentiaries at
Ghent. .
If the argument or assertions which I am now
noticing, ami to which I studiously confine myself,
had not come from authority, I should owe some
apology for these observations. The history of this
unfortunate controversy is too well known 10 you,
sir, and stands but too voluminously recorded in
your department, to make tliem necessary for your
own information.
The repeated discussions between the two coun-
tries, and the repealed projects for settlement
which have o-enpied every successive administra-
tion of the United States, sufficiently prove how
unfounded is the assertion lhat doubts and difficul-
ties respecting this boundary had their first origin
in the year 1814. It is true that down to that time,
and, indeed, loa later period, the local features of
the country were, little known, and the different
arguments had, in consequence, not assumed any
definite form; but sutlicient was known to both par-
ties to satisfy them of the impossibility of tracing
strictly the boundary prescribed by the trealy of
peace of 1783.
I would refer, in proof of this, simply to Ameri-
can authorities, and those of the very first order.
In the year 180", Mr. Madison, at that time Sec-
retary ot Stale for the United States, in his in-
structions to Mr. Rufus King, obseived that the
difficulty in fixing the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia "arises from a reference, in the treaty of
1783, to highlands which ii is now found have no
definite existence." And he suggests the appoint-
ment of a commission, lobe jointly appointed, "to
determine on a point most proper to be substituted
for the description in article II of the treaty of
1783." Again- Mr President Jefferson, in a mes-
sage to Congress, on the 17th October, 1803, stated
that "a further knowledge of the ground in the
northeastern and northwestern angles of the United
States has evinced that the boundaries established
by the treaty of Pans, between the British territo-
ries and ours, m those points, were too imperfectly
described to be susceptible of execution."
These opinions of two most distinguished Ameri-
can statesmen gave rise to a convention of bounda-
ry, made in London by Mr. Rufus King and Lord
Hawkesbury, which, from other circumstances,
which it is hot necessary to refer to, was not rati-
fied by the Senate.
I might further refer you on this subject to the
report of Judge Sullivan, who acted as commis-
sioner of the United States for settling the contro-
versy with Great Britain, respecting the true river
St. Croix, who says, "the boundary between Nova
Scotia and Canada was described by the King's
proclamation in the same mode of expression as
that used in the treaty of peace. Commissioners
who were appointed to settle that line have trav-
ersed the country in vain to find the highlands des-
ignated as the boundary."
With these known facts, how can it possibly be
maintained that doubts about the boundary arose
for the first Sme in the year 18141?
I need not pursue this subject further. Indeed, it
would have been useless to treat of it at all, with
any person having before him the records of the
diplomatic history of the two countries for the last
half a century. My object in adverting to it is, to
correct an error, arising, I am ready to believe,
not from any intention to misrepresent, but from
want of information, and which seemed to be suf-
ficiently circulated to make some refutation useful
toward promoting the desired friendly and equita-
ble settlement of this question.
We believe the position maintained by us on the
subject of this boundary to be founded in justice and
equity; and lye deny that we have been determined
in our pretensions by policy and expedience. I
might, perhaps, fairly admit lhat those last-men-
tioned considerations have prompted, in some
measure, our perseverance in maintaining them.
The territory in controversy is (for that portion of
it at least which is likely to come to Great Britain,
by any amicable settlement) as worthl^jfes-tftiy
purposes of habitation or cuItiva,tion~'tfsprobabjy
any tract of equal size on.ibdTfabitable globe, and
if it were not for «the obvious circumstance of its
connecting'the British North American provinces,
I believe I might venture to say that, whatever
might have been the merit of our case, we should
long since have given up the controversy, and
willingly have made the sacrifice to the wishes of a
country with which it is so much our interest, as
itisour desire, to maintain the most perfect har-
mony and good will.
I trust that this sentiment must be manifest in my
unreserved communication with you on this and
all other subjects connected with my mission. If I
have failed in this respect, 1 shall have ill obeyed
the instructions of my Government and the earn-
est dictates of my personal inclination. Permit me,
sir, to avail myself of this, my first opportunity ut
formally addressing you, to assure you unfeignedly
of my most distinguished consideration.
ASHBURTON.
Hon. danier, Webster.
Mi. Webster to Lord Ask/nirtov.
Department op Statf.,
Washington, 17lh June, 1842.
Lord Ashburton having been charged by the
Queen's Government with full powers to negotiate
and settle all matters in discussion between the
United Slates and England; and having, on his ar-
rival at Washington, announced that, in relation to
the question of the Northeastern boundary of the
United States, he was authorized to treat for a con-
ventional line, or line by agreement, on such terms
and conditions, and with such mutual considera-
tions and equivalent, as might be thought just and
equitable; and lhat he was ready to enter upon a
negotiation for such conventional line, so soon as
this Government should say that it was authorized
and ready on its part to commence such negotia-
tion,—the undeisigned, Secretary of State of the
United Slates, has now the honor to acquaint his
lordship, by direction of the President, that the un-
dersigned is ready, on behalf of the Government
of the United States, and duly authorized, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of such conventional
line, or line by agreement; and will be happy to
have an interview on that subject, at his lordship's
convenience.
The undersigned avails himself of this occa-
sion to tender in Lord Ashburton assurances of his
distinguished consideration.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Lord Ashburton, &c., &c., &c.
Lord Ashlmrton to Mr. Webster.
Washington, June 17, 1842.
The undersigned, plenipotentiary of her Britan-
nic Majesty on an extraordinary and special mis-
sion to the United States of America, has the honoi
of acknowledging, with much satisfaction, the com-
munication received this day from Mr. Webster.
Secretary of State of the United States, that he is
ready, on behalf of the United States, and duly au-
thorized, in relation to the question of the North-
eastern boundary of the United States, to proceed
to the consideration of a conventional line, or line
by agreement, on such terms and conditions, and
with such mutual considerations and equivalents,
as might be thought just and 'equitable. And, in
reply to Mr. Webster's invitation to the under-
signed to fix some time for their first conference up-
on this subject, he begs to propose to call on Mr.
Webster, at the Department of State, to-morrow, at
12 o'clock, for this purpose, should that time be per-
fectly convenient to Mr." Webster.
The undersigned avails himself of this opportu-
nity to assure Mr. Webster of his' distinguished
consideration.
. ASHBURTON.
Hon. Daniel Webster, &c., &c., &c.
Mr. Webster to Lord Ashbmrton.
Department op State,
■Washington, Jane 17, 1843.
The Secretary of State will have great pleasure
in seeing Lord Ashburton at twelve o'clock to-mor-
row, as proposed by him.
Lord Ashburton, &c., &c., &c.
Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster.
Washington. 21st June, 1842.
SijnJT-b -toteryou'in3 me"fhe honor of address-
ing"1fne ihe 17th instant, informed me that you
were now prepared and authorized to enter with
me into discussion of that portion of the differ-
ences between our two countries which relates to
the Northeastern boundary; and we had, the follow-
ing day, our first formal conference for this pur-
pose, with a view to consider, in the first instance,
the best mode of proceeding to arrive at what is so
much desired by all parties—an amicable, and, at
the si me time, equitable settlement of a controver-
sy, which, with the best intentions, the authorities
of the two countries, for nearly half a cenrary,
have in vain endeavored to effect.
The result of this conference has been, that [
have been invited by you to state, generally, my
views of this case, and of the expectations of my
Government; and although lam aware that, in the
ordinary practice of diplomatic intercourse, I
should expose myself to some disadvantage by so
doing, I nevertheless do not hesitate to comply;
premising, only, that the following observations
are to be considered merely as memoranda for dis-
cussion, and not as formal propositions, lo have
any binding effect, should our negotiations have
the unfortunate fate of the many which have prece-
ded it, of ending in disappointment.
I believe you are sufficiently aware of the cir-
cumstances which induced me personally to under-
take this mission. If the part which, during a
long life, I have taken in public,affairs, is marked
by any particular character, it has been by
an earnest, persevering desire to maintain peace,
and to promote harmony between our two coun-
tries. My exertions were unavailingly employed
to prevent the last unfortunate war, and have since,
been unremitting in watching any passing clouds
which might at any time forebode its renewal. On
the accession to power of the present ministers in
England, perceiving the same wise and honorable
spirit to prevail with them, I could not resist the
temptation and the hope of being of some service
to my country and to our common race, at a time
of life when no other cause could have had suffi-
cient interest to draw me from a retirement better
suited to my age and to my inclinations.
I trust, sir, that you will"have pdtceived, in the
course of my hitherto informal communications
with you, that I approach my duties generally
without any of those devices and manoeuvres which
are supposed (I believe ignorantly) to be the use-
ful tools of ordinary diplomacy. With a person
of your penetration," they woulil avail as liltle as
they wou Id with the intelligent public of the two great
enlightened countriesof whose interestswe are treat-
ing. I know no other mode of acting than open,
plain-dealing, and I therefore disregard, willingly,
all the disadvantage of complying with the invi-
tation given me, to be the first to speak on this ques-
tion of the Eastern boundary. It is already agreed
that we abstain from a continued discussion of the
arguments by which the lines of the two countries
are reciprocally maintained; and I have so well ob-
served this rule, that I have not even communica-
ted lo you a volume of additional controversial
matter which I brought with me, and much of
which would, if controversy were our object, be
of no inconsiderable weight and importance. It
would be in the event only of the failure of this
negotiation—which I will not anticipate—that we
should be again driven into the labyrinth froSa
which it is our purpose to escape; and that, failing
