Congressional globe.
to- interpret strictly the words of the treaty, we
should be obliged to search again, into eotempora-
neous occurrences and opinions for principles of
construction which might shed light on the actual
intentions of the parties.
Our success mast, on the contrary, depend on
the reciprocal admission or presumption that the
royal arbiter was so. far right when he c'?me to the
conclusion which others had come to before him,
that the treaty of 1783 was not executable accord-
ing to its strict expression, and that the case was
therefore one for agreement by compromise. The
only point upon which I thought it my duty to en-
ter upon anything like controversy, is that referred
to in my letter of the I3th instant; and I did so to
rescue my Government and myself from an impu-
tation of unworthy motives, and the charge that
they had set up a claim which they knew to be
unfounded, from mere considerations of policy or
convenience. The assertions of persons in my
position, on subjects connected with their diploma-
tic duties, are naturally received by the world with
some caution; but I trust you will believe me when
I assure you that I should not be the person to
come here on any such errand. I do not pretend,
nor have i ever thought, the claim of Great Britain
with respect to this boundary, any more than the
claim of America, to be unattended with difficul-
ties. Those claims have been considered by im-
partial men of high authority, and unquestioned
ability, to be equally so attended; and therefore it
is that this is a question for a compromise, and it is
this compromise winch it has become our duty to
endeavor to accomplish. I will only here add the
most solemn assurance, (which I would not lightly
make,) that, altera long and careful consideration
of all the arguments aud inferences, direct and
circumstantial, hearing 011 (he whole of this truly
difficult question, it is my settled conviction that it
was the intention of the parties to the treaty of peace
of 1783, however imperfectly those intentions may
have been executed, to leave to Great Britain, by
their description of boundaries, the whole of the
waters of the river St. John.
The length of these preliminary observations re-
quires, perhaps, some apology; but I now proceed
to comply with your application to me to state the
principles and conditions on which, it appears to
me, that this compromise, which it is agreed we
should attempt, should be founded.
A new boundary is iu fact to be traced between
the State of Maine and the province of New Bruns-
wick. In doing this, reference must be had to the
extent and value of the territory in dispute; but, as
a general principle, we cannot'do better than keep
in mind the intention of the framers of the first
treaty ol peace in 1783, as expressed in the pre-
amble to the provisional articles in the following
words-. "Whereas reciprocal.advantages and mu-
tual convenience are found by experience to form
the only permanent foundation of peace and friend-
ship between States," &c. I have on a former oc-
casion explained the reasons jvhich have induced
the British Government to maintain their rights in
this controversy beyond any apparent value in the
object in dispute, to be the establishing a < ood
boundary between our two countries, so as to°pre-
vent collision and dispute, and an unobstructed
comrnuhfcatioipand connexion ot our colonies with
each other, Furthei, it is desired to retain under
the jurisdiction of each Government respectively,
such inhabitants as have ior a length of tunc been
so living, and to whom a transfer of allegiance
might be painful or distressing.
These are shortly the objects we have in view
and which we mn^t now see to reconcile to a prac-
Ueal division of the territory in dispute. Great
Britain has no wish of aggrandizement for any gen-
eral purpose of increased dominion, as you must
be satisfied by the liberality with which T have pro-
fessed myself ready to treat questions of bounda-
ries m other quarters where no considerations of
particular convenience or fitness occur. 1 irsi^ht
further prove this by calling your attention to The
fact, that oi lbs land likely to come to us bv &uy
practical settlement, nine-tenths parts of it are. from
its position and quality, wholly worthless. It can
support no population, it grows even little timber
of value, and can be of no service but as a boun-
dary. (though, from its desert nature) a useful boun-
dary for two distinct Governments.
_ hi considering on the map a division of the ter-
ritory m question, this remarkable circumstance
must be kept in mind—lhat a division ot acres by
their number would be a very unequal division of
their value. The Southern portion of this territory,
the valley of the Aroostook, is represented to be
one of the most beautiful and most fertile tracts of
land in this part of the continent, capable of the
highest state of cultivation, and covered with fine
timber; while the Northern portion, with the excep-
tion of that small patt comprised within the Mad-
awaska settlement, is of the miserable description
1 have stated. It would be no exaggeration to say,
that one acre on the Aroostook would be of much
more value than ten acres north of the St. John.
There would be, therefore, no equality in making
a division of acre for acre.
But although I remind you of this circumstance,
I do not call on you to act upon it. On the con-
trary, I &m willing that you should have the ad-
vantage in this settlement, both in the quantity and
the qualily of this land. All I wish is to call this
fact in proof of my assertion, that the object of
Great Britain was simply to claim that which was
essential to her, and would iorm a convenient
boundary, and to leave all the more material ad-
vantages of this bargain to the State of Maine.
I now come-to the more immediate application of
these principles to a definite line of boundary; and
looking at the map with reference to the sole ob-
ject of Great Britain as already described, the line
of the St. John from where the north line from
the St. Croix strikes it, up to some one of its sources,
seems evidently to suit both parties, with the excep-
tion which 1 shall presently mention. This line
throws the wa^te and barren tract to Great Britain,
and the rich and valuable lands to Maine; but it
makes a good boundary, one which avoids collision
and probable dispute; and, for the reasons stated, we
should be satisfied with it, if it were not for the
peculiar circumstances of a settlement formed on
both sides of the St. John, from the mouth of the
Madawaska up to that of the Fish river.
The history and circumstances of this settlement
are well known to you. It was originally formed
from the French establishments m Acadia, and has
been uninterruptedly under Frencn or British
dominion, and never under any other laws. The
inhabitants have professed great apprehension of
being surrendered by Great Britain, mid have late-
ly sent an earnest petition to the Q,ueen, depreca-
ting that being done. Further, this settlement forms
one united community, all connected together, and
living some on one, and some on the other side of
the river, which lorms a sort of high load between
them. It seems self-evident that no more inconve-
nient line of boundary could well be drawn than
one which divides m two an existing municipality
inconvenient as well to the inhabitants themselves'
as to the authorities under which they are to live!
There would be evident hardship (I might .say cru-
elty) in separating this now happy and contented
village, to say nothing of the bickerings and proba-
ble collisions likely to arise from taking in ibis
spot the precise line of the river, which would under
other circumstances satisfy ns. Indeed, I should
consider that such a separation of these industrious
settlers, by placing them under separate laws ami
government, a most harsh proceeding; and that we
should thereby abandon the great object we should
have in view.—of the4happiness and convenience of
the people, and the fixing a boundary the least like-
ly to occasion future strife.
I dwell on this circumstance al some length in
justification cl the necessity I am under oi depart-
ing, to this inconsiderable extent, from the marked
line of the river St. John. What line should be
taken to cover this difficulty, I shall have to con-'
side v with you; but I cannot in any case abandon the
obviou" interests of these people. It will be seen
by ail inspection of the map, that it is nut po-sible
to meet this difficulty by making over to Maine the
northern portion of this settlement, as that won!.I
be giving up by Great Britain the immediately ad-
joining communications with Canada which it
is her principal object to preserve.
These observations dispose of those parts of this
question which immediately concern the Slate of
Maine; but it may be well at the same time to state
my views respecting the adjoining boundary of
the States ot New Hampshire, Vermont, and New
York; became they make part of the reference to
the King ol {he Ndherlark}^ and \verc; indeed the
only psitof the subject in dispute upon which a
distinct decision was given.
The question here at issue between thetwo coun-
tries was as to the correct determination of the par-
allel of latitude, and the truespurce of the Connec-
ticut river. Upon both these points decisions were
pronounced in favor of Great Britain; and I might
add, that the case of America, as matter of right,
was but feebly and doubtingly supported by her
own authorities. I am, nevertheless, disposed to
surrender the whole of this case) if we should suc-
ceed in settling, as proposed, the boundary of
Maine. There is a point or two in this line of
boundary where I may have to consider, with the
assistance of the surveyors acquainted with the lo-
calities, the convenience of the resident settlers; as,
also, what line may best suit the immediate country
at the head of the Connecticut river; but, substan-
tially, the Government of America shall be satis-
fied, and this point be yielded to them.
This concession,eonsidered with reference to the
value of the land ceded, which is generally report-
ed to be fertile, and contains a position at Rouse's
Point much coveted in the course of the controver-
sy, would, under ordinary circumstances, be con-
sidered of considerable importance. The conces-
sion will, however, be made by Great Britain with-
out reluctance, not only to mark the liberal and
conciliatory spirit by which it is desired to distin-
guish these negotiations, but because the case is, in
some respects, analogous to that of the Madawas-
ka settlement, before considered. It is believed
that the settlers on the narrow strip, which would
be transferred to Great Britain by rectifying the
45ih parallel of latitude, which was formerly in-
correctly laid down, are principally from the'Uni-
ted States; and that their opinions and habits in-
cline them to give a preference to that form of
government under which, before the discovery of
the error in question, they supposed themselves to
be living. It cannot be desired by her Majesty to
acquire any addition of territory under such cir-
cnmstanc es, whatever may be the weight of her
rights; but it will be observed 'hat the same argu-
ment applies almost exactly to the Madawaska set-
tlement, and justifies the reservation 1 am there
obliged to make. In these days, the convenience
and happiness of the people to be governed will
ever be the chief guide in transactions of this de-
scription between such Governments as those of
Great Britain and the United States.
Before quilting this subject, I would observe that
it is rumored that Major Graham, in his lute survey-
in Maine, reports some deviation from the true
north of the line from the head of the St. Croix to-
ward the St. John. I would here also propose to
abide by the old line long established, and from
which the deviation by Major Graham is, I am
told, inconsiderable, without at all doubling the ac-
curacy and good faith of that very distinguished
officer.
In stating the important concessions I am pre-
pared to make on a final settlement of these boun-
daries, I am sensible that concessions to one State
of this Union are not always to be made available
for the satisfaction of any other; but you are aware
that I am treating with the United States, and that
for a long line of impoitant boundaries; and that 1
could not presume to enter on the question how
this settlement might operate on, or be in any
way compensated to the different States of the Con-
federacy. I should, however, add my unfeigned be-
lief that what I have proposed will I'jnpear reason-
able with reference to the interests of the State of
Maine, considered singly. That tliepronosition ta-
ken as a whole, will be satisfactory to the country
at large, I can entertain no doubt.
I abstain from noticing here the boundaries far-
ther west, which lam prepared to considerand to set-
tle, because they seem to form pait of a case which
it will be more convenient to treat separately.
In the course of these discussions, much anxie-
ty has been expressed that Maine should be a.vur-
ed ol some means of communication by the- St
John, more especially for the conveyance of her
lumber. _ This subject I am very willing to con-
sidei, being sensible of the great importance of' it to
that State, and that the friendly and peaceful rela-
tions between neighboring countries cannot be bet-
ter secured than by reciprocally providing for all
their wants and intercuts. Lumber must for many
years he the principal produce of the extensive
valley of the Aroostook and of the southern bor-
ders, of the St. John; nnd it is evi&snt that this ar-
tide of trade, being worth anything must main J v
depend upon ]is having access to the sea through
that rivet, it is fimher evident, that there can be
no such access under any arrangement otherwise
than by the consent of the province of New Bruns
Wick. Jt is my Wish to seek an early opportunity
of considering, with some person well acquainted
