is
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Department of State,
Washington, August 9, 1842.
My Lord: I have the honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your note of the 9th of August, with re-
spect to the object and intention of the fifth article
of the treaty. What you say in regard to that sub-
ject is quite correct. It purports to contain no stip-
ulation on the part of Great Britain; nor is any re-
sponsibility supposed to be incurred by it, on the
part of your Government.
I renew, my Lord, the assurances of my distin-
guished consideration.
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Lord Ashburton, &c,, &c., &c,
CORRESPONDENCE WITH STATE AU-
THORITIES.
NORTH EASTERN BOUNDARY.
Secretary of Slate of Massachusetts to the President.
Commonwealth op Massachusetts,
Secretary's Department, March 18, 1842.
Sin: By direction of his excellency the Govenfbr,
I have the honor to transmit to you an official copy
of certain resolutions passed at the late session of
the Legislature of this State.
With the highest respect,
Your obedient servant,
JOHN P. BIGELOW,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
His Excellency John Tyler,
President of the United States.
COMMONWEALTH OP MASSACHUSETTS.
in the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-two.
Resolves concerning the Northeastern boundary of
the Untied Slates.
Resolved, That the boundary line between the
State of Maine and ihe British province of New
Brunswick is so cleaily defined by the treaty of
1783, that the terms of the treaty can neither be
misapprehended, nor afford any support to the un-
just pretensions of Great Britain.
Resolved, That this Commonwealth, as a joint
proprietor with the State of Maine of the territory
alleged to he in dispute, has an interest in all ne-
gotiations respecting the same, which demands
her watchful attention, that her rights and interest
may be preserved unimpaired and unchanged with-
out her assent.
Resolved, That the Governor, with the advice
and consent of the Council, be authorized and re-
quested, from time to time, to adopt such measures,
to securc 'he rights and interests of the Common-
wealth in said territory, and to produce an honor-
able and satisfactory adjustment, as the emergency
may demand.
Resolved, That no compromise which concedes
any territory west of the treaty line of 1783 can
be constitutionally made without the assent of Maine
and Massachusetts; and that, as they are co-pro-
prietors of the soil, this Commonwealth will cheer-
fully co operate with Maine in support of their
mutual interests and rights.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to
transmit a copy of these resolutions to the Presi-
dent of the United States, and to the Governor of
the Slate of Maine.
House of Representatives,
March 3, 1842.
Passed: SAMUEL H. WALLEY.
Speaker pi o tern.
In Senate, March 3, 1842,
Passed: JOSIAH Q.UINCY, Jr.
President.
Approved, March 3d, 1612.
JOHN DAVIS.
A true copy.
Attest: John P. Bigelow,
Secretary of the Commonwealth.
Mr. Webster to Gov. Fairfield *
Department of State,
Washington, 11th April, J842.
Your excellency is aware I hat, previous to March,
1841, a negotiation had been going on for some time
between the Secretary of Staie of the United States,
under the direction of the President, and the Brit-
ish minister accredited to this Government, having
for its object the creation of-* joint commission lor
settling the controversy respecting the Northeast-
*Satre, mutatis mvlandis, to thp Governor of Ma*stchu-
setts,
ern boundary of the United States, with a provi-
sion for an ultimate reference to arbitrators, to be
appointed by some of the sovereigns ofEurope, in
case an arbitration should become necessary. On
the leading features ol a convention for this pur-
pose, the two Governments were agreed; but, on
several matters of detail, the parties differed, and
appear to have been interchanging their respect-
ive views and opinions, projects and counter-pro-
jects, without coming to a final arrangement, down
to August, 1840. Various causes, not now neces-
sary to be explained, arrested the progress of the
negotiation at thai time, and no considerable ad-
vance has since been made in it.
It seems to have been understood on both sides,
that, one arbitration having failed, it was the duty
of the two parties to proceed to institute another,
according to the spirit of the treaty of Ghent and
other treaties; and the President has felt it to be
his duty, unless some new course should be pro-
posed, to cause the negotiation to be resumed, and
pressed to its conclusion. But I have now to in-
form your excellency that Lord Ashburton, a min-
i-ter plenipotentiary and special, has arrived at the
seat of Government of the United Slates, charged
with full powers from his sovereign to negotiate
and settle the different matters in discussion be-
tween the two Governments. I have further to
state to you, that he has ofliciallv announced to this
department that, in regard to the boundary ques-
tion, he has authority to treat for a conventional
line, or line by agreement, on such terms and con-
ditions, and with such mutual considerations and
equivalents, as may be thought just and equitable;
and that he is ready to enter on a negotiation for
such conventional line, so soon a? this Government
shall say that it is authorized and ready, on its
part, to commence such negotiation.
Under these circumstances, the President has
felt it'to be his dutv to call the serious attention of
the Governments of Maine and Massachusetts to
ihe subject, and to submit to those Governments the
propriety of their co-operation, to a certain ex-
tent, and in a certain form, in an endeavor
to terminate a controversy already of so long
duration, and which seems very likely to be
still considerably further protracted before the
desired end of a final adjustment shall be attained,
unless a shorter course of arrivina- at that end be
adopted than such as has heretofore been pursued,
andasthetwo Governments are still pursuing.
Yet, without the concurrence of the two States
whose rights are more immediately concerned, (both
having an interest in the soil, and one of them in
the jurisdiction and government,) the duty of this
Government will be to adopt no new course, but,
in compliance with lieaiy stipulations, and in
furtherance of what has already been done, to has-
ten the pending negotiations as'fast as possible.
But the President thinks it a highly desirable ob-
ject to prevent the delay;, necessarilv incident to
any settlement of the question by these means
Such delays are great and unavoidable. It has
been found that an exploration and examination of
the several lines constitute a work of three years.
The existing commission for making such explo-
ration, under the authority of the United Stales,
has been occupied two summers, and a very con-
siderable poi tion of the work remain;-, still to be
done. If a joint commission should be appointed,
and should go through the same work, and the
commissioners should disagree, (as is very possible,)
and an arbitration on that" account become indis
pensable, the arbitrators might find it necessary to
make an exploration and survey themselves, or
cause the same to be done by others of their own
appointment. If to these causes, operating to post-
pone the final decision, be added the t me necessary
to appoint arbitrator, arid for their preparation to
leave Europe for the service, and Ihe various re-
tarding incidents always attending such operations,
seven or eight years conf.itutc, perhaps, the short-
est period within which we can look for a final re-
sult. In the meantime, great expenses have been
incurred, and further expenses cannot be avoided
It is well known that the controversy has brought
heavy charges upon Maine herself, to ihe remune-
ration or proper settlement of which she cannot be
expected to be indifferent. The exploration by
the Government of the United States has already
cost a hundred thousand dollars, ond the charge of
another summer's work is in prospect. These
facts may be sufficient to form a probable estimate
of the whole expense likely to be incurred before
the controversy can be settled by arbitration; and
our experience admonishes us that even another
arbitration might possibly fail.
The opinion of this Government upon the justice
and validity of .the American claim has been ex-
pressed at so many times, and in sa many forms,
that a repetition of that opinion is not necessary.
But the subject is a subject in dispute. The Gov-
ernment has agreed to make it matter of reference
and arbitration; and it must fulfil that agreement,
unless another mode for settling the controversy
should be resorted to, with the hope of producing a
speedier decision. The President proposes, then,
that the Governments of Maine and Massachusetts
should severally appoint a commissioner or com-
missioners, empowered to confer with the authori-
ties of this Government upon a conventional line, or
line by agreement, with its terms, conditions, con-
siderations, and equivalents, with an understanding
that no such line will be agreed upon without the
assent of such commissioners.
This mode of proceeding, or some other which
shall express assent beforehand, seems indispensa-
ble, if any negotiation for a conventional line is to
be had; since, if happily a treaty should be the re-
sult of the negotiation, it can only be submitted to
the Senate of the United States for ratification.
It is a subject of deep and sincere regret to the
President, that the British plenipotentiary did not ar-
rive in the country and make known his powers in
time to have made this communication before the
annual session of Ihe Legislatures of the two States
had been brought to a close. He perceives and la-
ments the inconvenience which may be experienced
from reassembling those Legislatures. But the
British mission is a special one; it does not super-
sede the resident mission of the British Government
at Washington, and its stay in the United States is
not expected to be long. In addition to these con-
siderations, it is to be suggested that more than four
months of the session of Congress have already
passed; and it is highly desirable, if any treaty for
a conventional line should be agreed on, it should
be concluded before the session shall terminate, not
only because of the necessity of the ratification of
the Senate, but al.-o because it is not impossible that
measures may be thought advisable, or become
important, which can only be accomplished by the
authority of both Houses.
These considerations, in addition to the import-
ance of the sub|ect, and a firm conviction in the
mind of the President that the interests of both
countries, as well as the interests of the two Stales
more immediately concerned, require a prompt ef-
fort to bring this dispute to an end, constrain him
to express an earnest hope that your excellency
will convene the Legislature of Maine, and sub-
mit the subject to its grave and candid delibera-
tion.
I am, &c ,
DANIEL WEBSTER
His Excellency John Fairfield,
Governor of Maine.
Governor Davis to Mr. Webster.
Executive Department,
Worcester, Mass., April 17, 184:3.
_ Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the recep-
tion of your official communication announcing ihe
arrival of Lord Ashburton, as a special envoy from
her Majesty the Q,ueen of the United Kingdoms,
vested with full authority to adjust, by a convention-
al line, the Northeastern boundary of the United
Stales. It will be highly satisfactory to the people
of this Commonwealth to leamthat no attempt is to
be made to establish a line by compromise, without
their assent; but if such a line can be agreed upon
for a satisfactory equivalent, which' should leave
all the parties interested at peace, and terminate
the controversy, I have no doubt it would meet
with the approbation of the people of this State. No
opinion can, with safety, be formed upon any such
proposition, till it is submitted ill its details, and fully
understood. That the parties may all have full op-
portunity to act with deliberation, the desire of the
President is, that the Legislatures of Massachusetts
and Maine should be assembled, to make suitable
provisions for the appointment of commissioners to
take charge of their respective interests at Wash-
ington, during the negotiation between the United
States and Great Britain.
Anticipating the contingency which has occurred,
1 invited the attention of the Legislature to the sub-
ject while in session, and suggested the expediency
of legislation which should provide for it. In pur-
suancs of that suggestion, cettain joint resolutions
