CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ries lying to the westward of the sources of the
rivers which fall into the sea from the west and
northwest as aforesaid." Here the words "sea"
and "Atlantic ocean" are used indiscriminately; the
one being substituted for the other, in reference to
the livers which flow from the west and north west—
the river Ristigouche being one of these rivers.
This, also, is in accordance with the view enter-
tained and expressed in his argument in 1797 by
the British agent; who, in speaking of the province
of Quebec, says that, by the proclamation of 7th Oc-
tober, 1763, it is "bounded on the south by the high-
lands which divide the rivers that empty them-
selves into the river St. Lawrence from those which
fall into the sea, or Atlantic ocean." So, in the com-
mission to Guy Carleton of 27th of December, 1774,
the Ristigouche is again classed and considered as
a river falling into the sea; and what is more stri-
king, in the same sentence in which it speaks of the
islands of Madelaine, in the Gnlf of St. Lawrence, it
speaks of "the river St. John, which discharges it-
self into the sea nearly opposite the west end of the
island of Anticosti." After the passage of the Que-
bec act, and prior to the treaty of 1783, the southern
boundary of the province of Quebec was described
as being "a line from the bay of Chaleurs along
the highlands which divide the rivers that empty
themselves into the river St. Lawrence from those
which fall into the sea, to a point in forty-five de-
grees of northern latitude on the eastern bank of the
river Connecticut," &c.
Again: after the treaty of 1783, the southern boun-
dary of the province of Q.uebec is described as "a
line from the bay of Chaleurs along the highlands
which divide the rivers that empty themselves into
the river St. Lawrence from those which fall into
the Atlantic ocean, to the north westernmost head of
Connecticut river," fee. But the point of begin-
ning being the same, and the point at the Connecti-
cut substantially the same, that point after the trea-
ty being only placed further north, and the rivers
taking their rise in the northern declivity being de-
scribed in the same identical words, the inference
appears irresistible that the highlands refcried to
are one and the same; and that the rivers taking
their rise in the southern declivity, and described
before the treaty as falling into the sea, and after the
treaty as ialling into the Atlantic ocean, aie one
and the same rivers; the woids sea and Atlantic
ocean being u^ed indiscriminately, and the one sub-
stituted for the other, as had already been doie be-
fore, in the proclamation of 1763. The only dif-
ference in the description of the boundary of the
province of Quebec, and that of the treaty of 1783,
is, that the boundary of the province of Uucbcc bf-
plainly appear
rivers with reference to these highlands, as made
by the proclamation of 1763, and recognised in the
treaty of 1783, the river Ristigouche was then classed
and considered as a river which falls into the sea,
or Atlantic ocean, in contradistinction to the rivers
which empty themselves into the river St. Law-
rence. We are, therefore, wholly unable to per-
ceive wherein consists the great absurdity at the
present day, in expounding the language ot the
" treaty of 1783, of considering the river Ristigouchc
as a river which falls into the Atlantic ocean, unless
it be that, by so doing, you interfere with the claims
and pretensions of Great Britain.
There is one other portion of his Lordship's note,
in which he attributes certain opinions to Mr. Sul-
livan, Mr. Madison, Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Gallatin,
and others, which we would have wished to notice,
in order to show how much his Lordship has
been disposed to make out ot a very little; but the
further discussion of this subject we have consider-
ed as productive of liltle goo't, and haidly falling
within our province. We have now only to re-
peat what we as distinctly stated in cur no!
the 29th ult. that his Lordship's proposition, as
note of
: now
modified—namely, that Maine' should yield to
Great Britain all the territory north of the St.
John—cannot be acceded to on our part.
With great respect and consideration, we have
the honor to be, sir, your obedient servants.
WM. P. PREBLE,
EDWARD KAVANAGII,
EDWARD KENT,
JOHN OTIS
Covvmi-'unners oj 3UmchuStlls la Mr. W>4*ln.
WaoIiinuton, July CO, 181:2.
Sim : We have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt-of your communication of the 15th of July,
addressed to us as commissioners of Massachu-
setts, authorized to act in her behalf in the settle-
ment of the controversy concerning the North-
eastern boundary of the United States. The pro-
posal therein presented for our assent, in behalf
of the Government we represent, to the establish-
ment of the conventional boundary indicated .in
your communication, and upon the terms and
equivalents therein set forth, has received our
careful consideration, and, without further delay,
we submit the following reply:
After the many interviews which we have had
the pleasure to hold with you, during the progress
of the negotiation which is drawing to its close, it
is unnecessary for us to express our full concur-
rence in the sentiment, that the line suggested,
with its compensations and equivalents, is not all
which might have been hoped for, in view of the
strength of the American claim to the territory in
dispute. But,inasmuch as in the progress of a ne-
gotiation, conducted with great deliberation, every
proposition has been put forth, which any party,
in whatever manner and to whatever extent "it
may be interested, has been disposed to submit for „
consideration and adoption, and the ultimate -poirff
has been reached, at which negotiation must result
in a compact, or the interruption of further effort
for its accomplishment, we proceed to discharge
the remaining duty which is devolved upon us.
We are fully aware of the importance of the
act that we are called upon to pei form. It is not
less than the relinquishment, by the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts, of territory which she has al-
ways claimed to be a part of her possessions, and
to which she believes she has a clear and in-
disputable title. So strong is the conviction of
the right of Massachusetts and Maine to the
undisturbed enjoyment of the land constituting
what is called the disputed territory, by force of
the treaty which terminated the war of the Revo-
lution, that she would prefer an appeal to the
same arbitrament by which the acknowledgment
of her right was originally obtained,toa surrender,
without just equivalents, of any po'rtion of that
territory. Still, she is aware that the Govern-
ment and people of the United States desire to
preserve peace and friendly relations with other
nations, so long as they can be maintained with
honor, by concessions which, not a just policy
alone, but"that which is liberal and magnanimous,
may require. She partakesof the common spirit,
and its infiaencc pervades all her action, through-
out this negotiation.
There are other considerations of weight in the
decision of this question. Though the title of
Massachusetts to the lands in dispute is believed
to be perfect, it is not to be overlooked that they
have been the subject of controversy through ma-
ny years; that attempts, by negotiation, and through
the'intervention of an umpire, have been unsuc-
cessfully made to extinguish a conflicting claim;
and that the nations which are now seeking by
renewed negotiation to put a period to the pro-
tracted strife, while desiring peace, have been
brought to the verge of destiuctive war, through
dissentions incident to a disputed boundary. Should
this negotiation fail of a successful issue, the al-
ternative offered is a renewed submission of our
rights to the determination of others. Past ex-
perience enforces the belief that other years must
elapse, and great inconvenience be felt, before a
decision can be obtained; and the same monitor
suggests the obvious truth, that however the title
of 'Massachusetts and Maine, and of the United
States, may be firmly established in justice, it is
not equally ecrtain that it would be confirmed bv
t'ae tribunal, from whose decision, whatever it
might be, no appeal could honorably be taken.
But the considerations which most powerfully im-
pel the State of Massachusetts to acquiesce in the
terms of a treaty, that your communication indi-
cates, are, the known desire of the people of the
United States for a speedy settlement of the vexed
question of the boundary, and the request of the
General Government, expressed through its con-
stitutional organs, that Massachusetts would yield
her consenttoan arrangement which that Govern-
ment deems to be reasonable. The State we have
the honor to represent would be slow to disappoint
he hopes of the nation, and reluctant to reject
Unas which the Government of the United States
urges her to accept, as being compatible, in the esti-
mation of that Government, with the interests of
the State, and essential to the complete adjustment
of the difficulties which the security of national
peace demands.
Whether the national-boundary suggested by you
be suitable or unsuitable—whether the compensa-
tions that Great Britain offers tb the United States,
for the territory conceded to her, be adequate or in-
adequate—and whether the treaty which shall be
effected shall be honorable to the country, or incom-
patible wjth its rights and dignity, are questions,
not for Massachusetts, but for the General Govern-
ment, upon its responsibility to the whole country,
to decide. It is for the State to determine for what
equivalents she will relinquish to the United.
States her interest in certain lands in the disputed
territory, so that they may be made available to the
Government of the United States in the establish-
ment of the Northeastern boundary, and in a gen-
eral settlement of all matters in controversy between
Great Britain and the United States. In this view
of the subject, and with the understanding that by
the words "the nearest point of the highlands," ilk
your description of the proposed line of boundary,
is meant the nearest point of the crest of the high-,
lands; that the right-to-the- free navigation of thet
jiver- St:' John shall include the right to the free
transportation thereupon of all products of the soil,
as well as of the forest; and that the pecuniary
compensation to be paid by the Federal Govern-
ment to the State of Massachusetts shall be in-
creased to the sum of one hundred and fifty thou-
sand dollars—the State of Massachusetts, through
her commissioners, hereby relinquishes to the
United States her interest in the lands which will
be excluded froqj the dominion of the United States
by the establishment of the boundary aforesaid.
We have the honor to be, with great respecta
your obedient servants,
ABBOTT LAWRENCE,
JOHN MILLS,
CHARLES ALLEN.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Secietary oj Slate.
The Maine Commissioners to Mr. Webslei.
Washington, July 22, 1842.
Sir: The undersigned, commissioners of the State
of Maine on the subject of the Northeastern bounda-
ry, ha ve the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
note addressed to them, under date of the 15th inst.,
with enclosures therein referred to. The proposi-
tion first submitted by the special minister of Great
Britain, on the subject of the boundary, having
been disagreed to; and the proposition made on the
part of the United States, with the assent of the
commissioners of Maine and Massachusetts, hav-
ing been rejected as inadmissible, coupled with ail
expression of surprise that it should have been
made; and Lord Ashburton, in the same commu-
nication, having intimated a preference for confer-
ence, rather than correspondence, and having omit-
ted in his note to make any new proposition, ex-
cept a qualified withdrawal of a part of his former
one; we learn from your note that you "have had
full and frequent conferences with him respecting
the Northeastern boundary," and that yon "believe
you understand what is practicable to be done on
that subject, so far as he (Lord Ashburton) is con-
cerned." We also learn that "in these confer-
ences he has made no positive or binding proposi-
tion; thinking, perhaps, it would be more desirable
under present circumstances, that such a proposi-
tion should proceed from the side of the United
States;" but that you have reason to believe that he
would agree to a line of boundary such as is de-
scribed in the paper accompanying your note,
(marked B;) and, also, that you enteitain the con-
viction "that no more advantageous arrangement
can be made;" and, with this conviction, yon refer
the subject to the grave deliberation of the commis-
sioners.
Regarding this as substantially a proposition on
the part of the United States, with the knowledge
and assent of Great Britain, and as the one most fa-
vorable to us which, under any circumstances, the.-
latter Government would either offer or accept, the
undersigned have not failed te bestow upon it the
grave deliberation and consideration which its na-
ture and importance, and their own responsible po-
sition, demand. If the result of that deliberation
should not fully justify the expressed hopes, or
meet the expectations and views of the Government
of the United States, we beg you to be assured that
such failure will be the result oftheir firm convic-
tions of duty to the State they represent, and will
not arise from any want of an anxious desire on
