$4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pjeted jn a few hours. A number of Kroomen arc employed,
and boats and canoes ready for immediate service.
Thesldvc stations are generally fortified with cannon and
muskets, not only to guard agamst a rising of the slaves, hut
to protect them from sudden attacks of the natives in the vi-
cinity, and to command their respect.
5th. "The usual articles of equipment and preparation, and
the manher of fitting up, by which a vessel is known to be a
slaver, though not caught with slaves on board."
Vessels engaged in the slave-trade are eitiiei fitted up with a
slave deck, or have the materials on board, prepared, to put
one up in a few hours. Their hatches, instead of being clo3c,
as is usual in merchantmen, have gratings; they are supplied
with boilers sufficiently large to cook nco or farinha lor the
number-of slaves they expect to receive; an extra number of
water casks, many more than are sufficient for acommon crew;
also a number of shackles to secure their slaves. Most of these
articles, however, are concealed, and every thing is done to
disguise the vessel.
It is not unusual for them to have several sets of papers, two
or more persons representing themsejves as captains or mas-
ters of the vessel, and flags ol all nations; every device is re-
sortejl to, to deceive, should they encounter a cruiser.
Some are armed with oniy a few muskets; others have a
number of heavy guns, according to the sizpof the vessel; and
they range from sixty to four hundred tons burden, with ciews
from ten to upwards of one hundred men.
6th. "The utility of employing vessels of different nations to
cruise together, so that one or the other might have a right to
visit and search every vessel which might be met with under
suspicious circumstances, either as belonging to the counuy of
the vessel visiting or searching, oi to some other country which
has, by treaty, conceded such right of visitation and search.
W«areof opinion that a squadron should be kept on the
coast of Africa, to co-operate with the British, or other nations
interested m stopping the slave-trade; and that the most effi-
cient mode would be for vessels to cruise in couples, one of
each nation.
7th. "To what places slaves taken from slave ships on the
coast could be most conveniently taken?"
If captured under the American flag, send them to Cape
Mesurada, Liberia, or, if convenient, to such other of the Amer-
ican settlements as the agent of the United States there may
wish.
8th. "Finally, what number of vessels, and of what size and
description, it would be necessary to employ on the western
coast of Africa, inorde; to put an entire end to the traffic in
slaves; and for what number of years it would probably be ne-
cessary to maintain such force to accomplish that purpose;"
adding "such observations as the state of your knowledge may
allow, relative to the slave trade on the eastern coast of Africa'*"
Asour personal knowledge of the coast extends to only that part
of it comprised between Cape Verd and Cape Palmas, it is dif-
ficult to state the exact force required fir this service; not less,
however, than the following, we think necessaiy:
Oae first class sloop-of-war.
One steamer from 200 to 300 tons burden.
Two (eight or ten-gun) brigs or schooners.
Ten schooners of about one hundred tons, each jwith four
guns.
One store-ship of from 250 to 300 tons.
All the vessels to have one-tenth less than their complements
of men, to be filled up with Kroomen on their arrival on the
coast.
A steamer (to be fitted up, if possible, to burn either wood or
coal, as circumstances require) will be essentially necessary.
That part of the coast of Africa from which slaves are expos-
ed is subject to light winds and calms. A steamer propelled at
the rate of six miles an hour could easily overtake ihc fastest
sailing vessels, and would be a great .auxiliary in ascending
rivers and towing boats, in order to attack slave stations. Less
duty is performed by sailing cruisers on this coast than on any
other we are acquainted with, from the reasons just slated; and
the importance of steam vessels is much increased by (his dif-
ficulty,
We cannot state confidently how long such torce would be
necessary; but we are of opinion fhat in three years the tiade
would be so far destroyed as to enable the United States to
withdraw a gieater part, while a email force of observation
would be necessary, until the natives had become accustomed
to other occupations, and lost all hope of asain engaging in the
traffic.
In connexion witli this subject, we be« leave to remark, that
the American fairtrador is sometimes obstructed in the most
vexatious manner by armed British merchantmen, sustained
by; British cruisers. This arises from the practice which exists
with the commanders ef single ci niseis, the asents of tiadin°"
companies, the masters of merchantmen, and "others, making
agreements, treaties, or, as the expression there is, "boobs,"
securing to themselves the exclusive tiade with the uihe or
district. A late instance of this unreasonable, and probably
unauthorized, spirit of monopoly, has come to our notice near
Cape Mount, where the native chief was induced to believe
that he could not make a treaty with the American colonists,
because he had made one with the commander of a British
cruiser.
The same comrnaridcr, it isasseited, has also threatened the
Governor of the colony at Monrovia that he will make iepii-
sals on the commerce of the colony, for exercising the usual
jurisdiction at Bassa Cove, only two or ihiee miles from then-
town of Bassa and fidina.
Our knowledge of the commandeis of British cruisers «±u-
thonzes us to say that their conduct is not usually thu* un-
friendly; but many instances show the propriety of guarding
the interests of the fair dealer, who is generally opposed to the
slave.-tradt.
Respecting these treaties or agreements with the tubes we
tliink that only thecommanders of squadions or governors of
colonies should be permitted to make them; and with those
over whom their Government cannot leasonably claim jui is-
diction, treaties should not be made to the exclusion of other
mercantile powers trading on the coast, as has sometimes been
done; and all treaties should contain a prohibition of the slavp.
trade. Commanders of squadrons and governors of colonies
should be authorized and directed to seize every opportunity
and make use of all honorable means, of inducing the native
tribes, and particularly the Emperor of Ashautee, The Empress
or Potentate at Loango, and other powerful nations, (o enter
ieto agreements to put a stop, as far as their influence extends
to the traffic; to seize and send home for trial all foreigners
found on the coast engaged in the slave-trade, whether belong-
ing to vessels or residing on the'eoasf, (for should these persons
be permitted to iemai , even alter their slave station'.- aic dc-
stioyed, they willeieaothersat (joimsprobably less as-s.ulcible;)
and should be enjoined to extend their piotecliou to fan ua'ders,
though not of their own nation.
Commanders of squadrons and governors should be diicctcd
to destroy ail slave factories within the reach of the force cm-
ployed; and to proclaim to the tribes in the vicinity they must
not be renewed, on pain of having their villages also de-
stroyed.
We have little knowledge of the details respecting the slave-
trade on the eastern coast of Afuca. No instance has come to
our knowledge of the use of the American Hag there. From
the best information we can obtain, it seems that a large trade
is carried on by Portuguese colonies, the Aiab chiefs, and negro
tribes. Their greatest markets are the Mahometan countries
bordering on the Red Sea and Persian Gulf, the Portuguese
East India colonies, Bombay, and perhapsother British posses-
sions in the East Indies. This part of the trade is probably in
(he hands of the Arabian vessels. Many are also shipped to
Brazil, and some perhaps find their way to Cuba and Porto
Rico.
Tn concluding this subject, we beg leave to remark, that the
field of operations to carry on the slave trade is so extensive,
the profits so great, and the obstacles in the path so many, so
various, so difficult, that every means should be used by civil-
ized nations, and particularly by the United Stales and Great
Britain, to effect the object; and we do not believe that any
material good can result without an earnest and cordial co-ope-
ruion.
We have the honor to be, with high respect, your obedient
servants, CHARLES 11. BELL,
JOHN S. PAINE,
Commanders United States Navy.
Hon. Daniel Webster,
Seci etnry of Stale, Washington.
CASE OP THE "CREOLE.*'
Mr. Webster to Lord Ashburtm.
Department of State,
Washington, August 1, 1842.
My Lord* The President has learned, with much regiet, that
you are not empowered by your Government to enter into a
formal stipulation for the better security of vessels ol the IJni
ted States, when meeting with disasters in pacing betwen the
United States and the Bahama Islands, and dnven, by such dis-
asters, into British ports. This is a subject which lsdeemed
to be ol great importance;and which cannot, on the present oc-
casion, be overlooked.
Your Lordship isaware that several cases have occurred with-
in the last few yeais, which have caused much complaint. In
some of these cases, compensation has been made by the Eng-
lish Government for the interference of the local authorities
with American vessels having slaves on board, by which inter-
ference these slaves were set free. In other ca^es, such com-
pensation has been refused. It appears to the President to be
lor the interest ol both countries that the recurrence of similar
cases m futuie should be prevented as far as possible.
Your Lordship has been made acquainted with the case of the
"Creole," a vessel carried into the port of Nassau last winter
by persons who had risen upon the lawful authoiity of the ves-
sel, and, in the accomplishment of their purpose, had commu-
ted murder on a person on board.
The opinions which that occurrence gave occasion for this
Government to express, in regard to the rights and duties of
friendly and civilized maiitime States, placed by Piovidence
pear to each other, were well considered, and aieentertamed
with entire confidence, The facts in the particular case of the
"Cieole" aie controveited; positive and officious interference by
the colonial authorities to set the slaves free, being alleged uu
one side, and denied on the other.
It is not my present purpose to discuss this difference of opin-
ion as to the evidence in the case as it at prt&ent exists; because,
the rights of individuals having rendered necessary a more
thorough and a judicial investigation of facts and circumstances
attending the tiansactimi, such investigation is understood to
be now m progress, and its result, when known, will render me
more able than at this moment to present to the British Govern-
ment a lull and accurate view of the whole case. But it is my
purpose, and my duty, to invite your Loidship's attention to
(he general subject, ami your f.erious consideration of s-ome
practical m<.ans of giving security to the coasting trade of the
United States, against unlawful annoyance and mteirupuon
along this pat t ot their shore. The Bahama islands approach
the coast ol Florida within a few leagues, and, with the coast
ioiui a long and narrow channel, filled with innumerable small
islands and banks ofsand; and the navigation is difficult and dan-
gerous, not oniy on these accounts, but from the violence of
the winds and the variable natuie of the currents. Accidents
aieof couisc frequent; and nccer&i'y often compels vessels of
the United States, in attempting to double Cape Flovida to t.eek
shelter in the potts of these islands. Along this passage the
Atlantic States hold intercourse with the States on the Gulf'and
the Mississippi, and through it the products of the valley of that
river (a region of vast extent and boundless fertility ) find a
mam outlet to the sea, in their destination to the markets of the
world.
No particular ground ol complaint exists as to the treatment
which American vessels usually receive in these ports, unless
they happen to have slaves on board; but, m cases of that kind
complaints have b-jen made, as already stated, of officious inter-
ference of the colonial authorities with the vessel, for <he pur-
pose of changing the condition in which these persons are by
the laws of their owncountiy, and of setting them free. '
In the Southern States of this Union, slavciy exis'fs by the
laws of the States, and under the guaranty of the Constitution
of the United Stares: and it has existed m them from a period
long anteeedentto the time when they ceased to be British col-
onies. Tn this state of things, it will happen that slaves will be
often on board coasting vessels, as hands, as servants attending
the families of their owners, or for the purpose of bemsr car'
ried from port to port. For the security of the rightsof their
citizens, when vessels, having persons of this description on
boaid, are driven by stress of weather, or carried by unlawful
force into British ports, the United States propose the mtrodur.
tion of no new principle into thelawof nations Theyrecpdre
only a faithful and exact obsei vance of the injunctions of that
code, as understood and practised in modern times.
Your Lordship observes that I have spoken only of Amen-
can vessels driven into British ports by the disasters of the seas,
or carried in by unlawful force. I confine my lema ks to these
eases, because they aie the common cases, and because they
aie the cases which the law of nations most emphatically ex-
empts from interference. Themariume law is lull of instances
of the application of that great and piacticoi rule, which de-
claies that that which is the clcai result ol necessity, ought to
draw after it no penaltyand nohazaid. If a&hip be driven, by
stress of weather, into a prohibited port, or into an open port,
with prohibited articles on board, m neither case is any forfeit-
ure incurred. And (what may be considered a still stronger case)
it has been decided by eminent English authoriiy, and that de-
cision has received general approbation, that if a vessel be driv.
en, by necessity, into a post smelly blockaded, this necessity is
good defence, and exempts her from penalty.
A vessel on the high seas, beyond the distance of a marine
leasue from the shore, is legarded as part of the territory of
the nation to which she belong-5, and subjected exclusively to
the jurisdiction of that nation If, a^inet the will of her mas.
ter, or owner, she be driven or carried nearer to the land, or
even into port, those who have, or ought to have, control over
her, struggling all the while to keep hei upon the high seas, and
so within the exclusive jurisdiction of her own Government,
what reason or justice is there iri creatinga distinction between
her rights and immunities, m a position, thusthe result of abso-
lute necessity, and the same rights and immunities before supe-
rior power had forced her out of hervoluntary course?
But, my Lord, the rule of law, and the comi.y and practice
of nations, go much further than these cases of necessity, and
allow even to a merchant ve?sel coming into any open port of
another country voluntarily, for tho purposes of lawful trade,
to bring with her, and keep over her, to a very considerable ex-
tent, the jurisdiction and authority of the laws of her own coun-
try; excluding to this extent, by consequence, the jurisdiction of
the local law." A ship, say the publicists, though atanchorina
foreign harbor, preserves its jurisdiction and its laws. It is
natural to consider the vessels of a nation as parts of us terri-
tory, though at sea, as the State retains its jurisdiction over
them; ami, according to the commonly received custom, this
jurisdiction is preserved over the vessels, even in parts of the
sea subject to a foreign dominion.
This is the doctrine of the law of nations, clearly laid down by
writers of received authority, and entirely conformable, as it is
supposed, with the practices of modern nations.
If'a murder be commuted onboaid of an American vessel, by
one of the crew upon another, or upon a passenger, or by a
passenger on one of the crew, or another passenecr, while such
vessel is lying in a pore within the jurisdiction of a foreign state
or sovereignty, the offence is cognizable and punishable by the
proper court of the United States, in the same manner as if such
offeree had been committed on board the vessel on the high
seas. The law of England is supposed to be the same.
It is true, thatthejurisdiction ofanation overa vessel belong-
ing to it, while lying in the port of another, is not necessarily
wholly exclusive. We do not so consider or so assert it. For
any unlawful act done by her while thus lying in port, and for
all contracts entered into while there, by her master or owners,
she and they must doubtless be answerable to the laws of the
place. Nor, if her master or crew, whileon board in such port,
break the peace of the community by the commission of crimes,
can exemption be claimed foi them. But, nevertheless, the
law of nations, as I have stated it, and the statutes of govern-
ments founded on that law, as I have referred to them, show
that enlightened nations, in modern times, do clearly hold that
the jurisdiction and laws of a nation accompany her &hips rot
only over the high seas, but into ports and harbors, or whereso-
ever else they may be water-borne, for the general purpose of
governing and regulating the rights, duties, and obligations of
those on board thereof; and tha', to the extent of the exercise of
this jurisdiction, they are considered as parts of the territory of
the nation herself.
If a vessel he driven By weather into the ports of another na*
t.on, it would hardly be alleged by any one, that, by the mere
force of such arrival within the waters of the State, the law of
that State would s > attach to the ve&sel as to affect existing
nghfd ol propeity between petsonson board, whether arising
fiom contract or otherwise. The local law would not operate
to make the goods of one man to become the goods of another
man. Nor ought it to affect the-r peisonal obligations, or ex-
isting relations between themselves; nor was it ever supposed
to have such effect, until the delicate and exciting question
which has caused these interferences in the British islands
arose. The local Uw m these cases dissolves no obligations or
relations lawfully entered into or lawfully existing, according
to the laws of the ship's country. If it did, intercourse of civil,
ized men between nation and nation must cease. Marriages
are frequently celebrated in one country in a manner not law-
ful or valid in another; but did anybody ever doubt that mar-
riagis aie valid all over the civilised world, if valid in the coun-
try m which they took place? Did any one ever imagine that
local law acted upon such marriages to annihilate theirobliga-
tion, if the parties should visit a country in which marriages
must be celebrated m another form?
It may be said that, in such m&uuces, personal relations arc
founded in contract, and therefore to be respected; but that the
relation of master and slave is not founded m contract and
theiefeie is to be respected oniy by the law of the place which
recognises it. Whoever so leasons, encounters the authority
ol the whole body ot public law, from firotius down- be-
cause there are numerous instances m which the law 'itself
piesumes or implies rontiacts, and promirent amon* these
instances is the very relation which we arc now considering",
and which lelation is holden by law to draw after it mutuality
of obligation. 3
Ts not the relation betweena father and his mmor children
acknowledged, when they go abroad 'i And on what contract
is thi^ fonm.ed, but acontract raised by general puncipjes of
law, from the relation of tbe parties'.'
Your Lordship will please to bear m mind,thal the proposition
which lam endeavoring to support, is, that, by the comitv of
the law of nations, ond the practice of modern times, met chant
vessels, entering open ports of other nations, for the purpose of
tiade, aie presumed to be allowed 'o bring with them, and to
retain, foj their protection and government, the jurisdiction and
aw* of their own country. All this, I repeat, is presumed to
be allowed; hermit thp porta are open, because trade is in-
vited. and oecause, under these circumstances, such nermis-
sion or allowance is according to general usage. It is not de-
nied that all this may be lefuaed; and this suggests a distinr.
lion, the disregard of which may perhaps account for most of
the difficulties arising in cases of this sort; [that is to say the
