$6
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
its haiborsand waters. Ke indulges the hope, nevertheless,
that,'actuated by a just sense of what is due to the mutual in
terestsof the two countries, and the maintenance of a [perma-
nent peace between them, her Majesty's Government wiil not
fail to see the importance of lemovmg.by such fun her stipula-
tions, by treaty or oih«rwisc, as may be Jound to be necessary,
all cause of complaint connected wrh the subject.
I have the honor to be, "
With high consideration,
- • Yoxir Lordshp's obeaient sei vant,
Daniel webster.
Lord Ashburton, &c., <&c., &c.
CASE OF THE CAROLINE.
Mr, Webster io Lwcl A&hburtcn,
Department of State,
VVa&.iingion, July 27, l£4vi
My Lord: In relation to the ca^e ct the "Caroline," which
we have heretofore made the subject of cuifeience, I have
thought it right to place m your hands an extract oi a let er
from this depaitnsent to Mr. Fox, of the 54th ot April, 1841,
and an extract bom the message of the President of the Uni'ed
States to Congress.al the commencemen^oi i?-s present st^siori
These papers you have, no doubt, alieculy seen; but they are,
nevertheless, now communicated, as such a communications
considered a ready mode of piesentiog the view which
Government entertains of the destruction of ihat vessel.
The act of which the Gaveimncsit ot ibe United Stales com
plains, is i.ot to be considered as justifiable oi uiijuKtfiaole, as
" the question oi the lawfulness or unlawiuiness oi the employ-
ment in which the "Caroline" was engaged may be dccided the
one way or the other. That act of itself a wrong,.and an of-
fence to the sovereignty and the digonyof the United States,
being a violation of their soil and terntory; a wioug for which,
to this day, no atonement, or even upo'ogy, has been made by
her Majesty's Government. Your Lordship cannot but be
aware that self-respect, the consciousness oi independence and
national equality, and a sensitiveness to whatever may touch
the honor of the cou  try—-a fcenmiveness which this Govern-
ment will ever leel and ever cultivate— make this a matter of
high importance; and I must be allowed to ask for it your
Lordship'3 grave coiifidcra.i'in.
1 have the honor to be, my Loul,
Your Lordship's most obedient servant,
DANIEL \M0B8TKR.
Lord Asiibukton. A'c., Arc.,
Extract of a letter from 3Ir. Webster to Mr, Fa r, thUcd
^ • Ai'itl &l3 ISi i
The undersigned has now io sgnify to Mr Fox that the
Government of the United Stales has not changed theopmr-n
which ii has heretofore txpre&sedtu hei Majesty's Coven, men t,
of the character of the act of det-noyins: the "Crnolme\n
It does not think that that transaction can be justified by any
reasonable application or construction of the light oi self tie
fence, under the lawsol nations. Ic is admitted that a just riaht
of &cll-defence attaches always to nations as well a*j to individ-
uals, and is equally necessaiy lor thepreseivation of both. But
the extent of this right id a question to be judged of by tin* en-
cumstances of each paiticular cat-e; and wbenns tdiedged ex.
erciaohas led to the commission of hostile acts within the lei ri-
tory of a power at peace, nothing less than a clear and absolute
necessity o m afford ground oi ju-'iificntton. Not fravin", up to
this time, been made acquainted wnu the view> and t'tv&Ons, at
length, which have lwl her 's Government io fhmk the
destruction oft he "Caroline" justifiable a^an act of sell deforce-,
the undersigned, earnestly lenewnii? the romom liauce of this
Government jgiunsi the liansaciion, atk'a'i:^, lor tJ r pie-ent,
fiom any extended dioou^-i'm < J 4h-j ijut fit >n I'ut it is deetm d
proper, iioverthelf"-.*, not to omit to vl,,* .smug n ujco oi the
geneial ground-- ol justification sifted bv her ftlajestv's Govern-
ment, in their instruction < to Mi. F-'X.
Her Mdjesty'a Government have tn^uuetqd Mr. Fox to say,
that they aie ot opmiou that the transaction which teimina'ed
in the destruction of the '•Caiohnc" was a justifiable employ-
> ment of force, lor the puipo^eei defonuma; tlu BnHbh ccji;-
tory from the unprovoked attack of a band of ifniMneUU.ihd
American*pirates, who, iutvr.g been "peimined" loann and
organize themselves wnhin the lemioiy ol the Umied f^aiet,
had actuary mvaded a poiumi <>l the territory of her Majesty.
The President cannot suppose thai hei Majesty's Government,
by the use ol these terms, meant to be understood as intimation
that those acts, viola in™ the laws ol the United S'atta ami dis-
' tuibing the peace of the linticii terntern^, were done under any
degree of countenance iiom this. Government, or weie lesvrded
by it with indifferent-"; oi that, under the cuTumst.'mcos of the
case, they coidd h;>ve been prevented by ihc ovdmai y course oi
proceeding. Although her«.2iets thai, by usm  t!i  trim "pei-
milted," a"possible mieience of that kind might be iai>ed, vet
such an iriferenee the Pie&tdenl is willing io~bditye woulu'bc
quite u'Uust to the intentions of the Bntish Government.
That, on a line ol froutier such ns separates the TTrntcd r?ta'es
from hei Biuaiunc Majesty uh Amencni piovinces—a line
long enough to divide the whok  of Eu.ope into haive«>—nreau-
Jaiities, violences, and conflicts should sotnetimes occur, equal-
ly against the will ol both (iovemments, ^ certainly easily to i e
supposed. This? maybe more posbible, peihaps, In regard to
the United States, without any icpiocch to their Government;
since their institutions entneiy distot'iage the keeping up nf
large btanditig armies m 'ime of pe.ice, and tht ir situation hap-
pily exempts them from the neces>uy oi maintaining such ex
pensive and dangerous establishments. All that ran ho expect-
ed from either Government, m these cases, is good iaith. a sin-
cere desire to preserve peare ar.d do jueiico. the use of all proper
means of preven:ion; and that, if oifeoees cannot, nevertheless,
be always prevented, the offenders shall still be justly punished.
In all these icspects, this Government a. knowledges no delin-
quency in the perJormance of its duties
Her Majesty's Governmental pleaded, also, to speak of those
American citizens who took pan with'persons in Canada en-
• gaged m an lasurrectiop agaiust'the Buiisli Government as
''American pnales." The undersigned does not admit the pro-
priety or justice oi this designation If citizens of the United
States fitted out. or were engaged m iltting out, a military ext.e
dition fiom tne United States, intended to act asamst the BrnUh
Govemment in Canada, they were clearly violating the laws of
their own country, and exposing themselves to the just conse-
quences which might be inflicted on them, if taken within the
Bntish dornmi-.tij Puf. i.of.vitl^tar.da.g ihw, tiiey cer-
tainly nai ro' do,-"-! dij t ia'tie'j,ned il-ink t.iat it (,an
advance iho purpoicot fan' a"i iiierv'i. ui-cussion or hcifcteu
the accommodation (i national diQiculties, so to denortiuiate
them. Their offer.ce, wnatevcr it wahad no analogy to ca?ps
of piracy. Supposing aii that is alleged agamst them to be true;
they were taklug a part m what they legarded as a civil war,
and they weie taking a pait on the side of the rebels. Surely,
England herself has not, regaided,gersons thus engaged as de-
serving the appellation which her Majesty's Government be-
stowed on these aniens of the United Slates.
It w quite notorious that, for thr greater part of tne last two
centuries, subjects oi the British Crown have been permitted
to engage m foieign wars, both national and cm!; ar.d m tne lat-
ter, m every staee of their progress; ami yet it has not been im-
agined that England has at any time ail.nved h«r subjects to
turn pii ates. Indeed, m our own times, not only have individ-
ual subjects of thai Ciown gone abroad to ergage m civil wais,
but we have seen whole resiments openly recruited, imbodied,
aimed, and disciplined, in England, with tne avowed purpose
of aiding a rebellion against a nation with which England was
at peace; although it is true that, subsequently, an act ol Parlia-
ment was pasacd to prevent transactions so nearly approaching
to public war, without license from the Crown.
It may be said that there is a diifcience between the case of a
civil war arising from adisputcd succession, or a protracted re-
volt of a colony against the mother countiy, and the ca«e oi the
fresh outbreak or commencement of a rebellion. The under-
bigned does not deny that such distinction may, for certain pur-
poses, be deemed well founded, llo admits mat a Govern-
ment, called upon to consider its own rights, snteiests, and du-
ties, when civil wars break out in other countries, may decide
on all ii e circumstances oi the particular case upon itsown ex
lsting stipulations, on piobable results, on what us own security
requires, and on many other cors.derd'ions. It may be alieady
bound to assist one patty; or jt rrav become bound, ii it so
<*0( ses. to assiPt the other, and to m<.ot (he consequences of
such assistance.
But whether the revolt be recent or long continued, they who
join those concerned in it, whatever may be their ofTti.ce
against their own countiy. or however they may be treated, if
taken with arms in their hands in the terntoiy of the Govern-
ment aaninst v/luch the standaid of levokis lai-ed, cannot be
denominated pirate", without dopaiting from all ordinal y use of
language in the dcfmitn.n oi otieucus. A cause which has so
foul an origin as piucy cannot, in i's progress or by us success,
obtain a claim to any dejm-e of icspcctability or toh ranee
among nations, md civil wait, theieloie.  re not ut.dersK od to
have such a cornmencemert.
if is well known to iUr Fox, that autlio.iucs of the highest
cmmtijce in England, Pvin? a. d dta<l, i.ave maintained 'hat the
iienerai law oi nauoi sdcesnotfoihiJ the citizens? oi oiihj' cts of
one Government horn taking part m the civs! commorons of
auMth'-r. 'I here issume reason, indeed, to ihmk that such may
be the opinion of hfr Majesty's Governmental the present mo-
ment.
The undesigned has made these remaiks from the conviction
that it is important to regaid established distinctions, and to
view the acts and offences of individuals in the exacMy pioper
light But it is not to he infeired that theie \?t on the part of'
lim Government, any purpose of extenuating id the slightest
degree die r nines of those persons, citizens oi the United States,
who have |omed in military txpediuons r>saihst the Brmth
Govcuimcnt m Canada. On the conUaiy, the Pir-sident directs
the unuersigncd to say, that it is Ins fixed ic-oluiion th-ital!
stK.hd.stinbers of the national peace, and vio a'ersof the laws
ot their couniiy, shall be biought to exemn'a;y fumshment.
JSor wdl ihe fact that ihey aie mstisatc ! 'ind h'd on to thes ex-
ccsfcs by ih ui«h subjects, ieiug«es fiom the puivmces, be deem-
ed any ixcu-,e or [>aiiiau.'.n; although it is wei: wovthv of being
remembered, thai the piling move!-: of tiirr-e distuibsjces oh
the uordtii sure 'ubjec's of the Q'k en, who cuiue n itlun tiie ter-
litones of ihe United Btites,->v-kmff to enl «t toe sympathies ol
thcircii'Zeus, by all tke motives wiiu h they aie able to acdress
to mem, on account of grievances, real or lma'.jn.iry, Theie
is no \tason t,*b«dicve that th ; dr (gr> of <my hostile movement
from the United Suits, against Canjc j, has commenced with
citizens of the U.iited States. The true oiigin oi such pur-
poi-es and &uch entei j riteb is. on the other side of the line. J-at
ihePre&idt'Ut'sVfolutn.ri to prevent these tiarwgressions of the
laws, is not, on that account, the Ips-* biiong It is taken, not
only in co-i!.'-i mity to his duty, under the piovis oils oi existing
laws, but m Jul! consonance with the estabashed j-i'inciplcs-and
practice ot this Government.
The Government of the United States has not, from thefrst,
lalit'a mio the doubts, eltewhcie eatei tair.ed, tf thu ti ue cxitnt
ot <be do'ies of neutrality it has held tha1, howe\ pi it may
have btvri in less enlightened ages, tl.e just Jmcrpieniion o'f
the mod'>in kw oi nations \*, Piat ncutial States are bound to
bestncly remia'; and that i- is .i and sio--s lrupio
pneiy Ji.r imtividnals to ergage m the Civil conflicts of cher
^tat°s, and thu.-, to be at war whil° their 0. veipmer.t is at
peaco Wai and prate ait; high nat on<*l [elatior:s, which can
piopfn ly be r^tah'is'nf-J 05 cha iged opiy by nat'on^ themsen'es
ThuUn'.ed Sfates Iruo thoutrn*, <dso, that the t-alutaiy d>>c-
nine ofnoii miervrntion by one'inUion with the alans oi others
^ liable t > be tssen.udly impaired, if, whi's Government re-
iramsirom interference, lnterfi-rence is still allowed to lis sub-
jects, individually or m masses I'- may happen, indeed, that
persors Cuooce to lesve then countiy, emigiate to other re-
gions, and settle themselves on uneuhi1 ated lands, in territories
belonging to other "-tafes. This cannot be prevented by Gov-
ernmenis which allow the emigiation oi their sub]ects and citi-
zcn«; and such persons, bavins •voluntnuly abandoned their
own country, have no ioncei claim 10 us protection, nor i* it
longer responsible for their acts. Such cases, therefore, if they
occur, show no abandonment, of the duty of neutrality
The Government 01 the United S'are.^ bos not considered it
as sufficient ;o confine the duties of neutrality and non-inter-
ference to tne case ot Governments whose territoncs he adja-
cent fo eai'h other. The application uf the principle may be
more neces?aiy in s-uch cases, but the principle itself they re
eauias being the same, if those territories be divided by half
the globe. The rule is founded m the impropriety and dar ger
of allowing individuals to make war on their own authori'y, or,
by mingln-gthemselves in the belligerent operations of other
r-at'ons, to lun the hazard of counteracting the policy or em-
^roiling the relations of their own Government. And the
United States have been the first among civilized nations to en-
force the observance of this just rule of neutrality and peace,
by special and adequate legal enactments. In the infancy of
ihi« Uovernment, on the breaking out of the European wars,
«h*ch had their origin in the French reVolutinn, Congress
passed laws, with levere penalties, for prcvenang the citizens
of the United States from taking part m those hostilities.
By these laws, it prescribed to the cihzens of the lioited
States what it understood to be their duty as neu rals, t>y the
law of nations; and the duty, also, which tliey owed to the n>ter-
est and honor oi their own country. . «<■ a
At a subsequent period, when the American colonies of a
European power took up arms against Uieir 80V®yu?rnvp°r£"
PiehS__nut diverted from the esfaohsheo system of the Govern-
ment by any temporary considerations—not swerved from its
sence of justice and of duly by any sympathies which it mig it
naturally feel for one of the parties—did not hesitate, also, to
pass acts applicable to the case o1 colonial insurrection ana
civil war. And tnesp provisiors of law have been continued,
revised, anrended, and are lit Hill force_ at the present moment.
Nor have they been a dead letter; as it is well known that ex-
empiaiy punishments have been inflicted on those who have
tiansgiessed them. Ins known, indeed, that heavy penalties
have fallen on individuals (eiuz^ns oi the United StateB> en-
 apeJ in this very distuibance in Canada with which
Btrucuon of the Caroline was connected. Ar d it js in Mr.
Fox's knowledge, also, that the act of Congress of March 10 1,
1836, was poestd for the precise purpose of more e!ffpctuially
restraining military enterprises from the United States into the
Bntish provinces, bv autbdiizmg the use of the most sure and
decisive preventive'means. The undesigned may add, that
it btands on the admission of Very high British authority, that
duiing the recent Canadian troubles, although bodies of ad-
venturers appeared on the border, making it necessary for the
people of Canada to keep themselves in a state prepared for
celf-defence, yet that these adventurers were acting by no means
in accordance with the feeling of the great mass: of the Ameri-
can people,or of the Government of ths Unned states
This Government, thcr-.iore, not only holds itself above re
rroach in evetything respecting the preservation of neutrality,
the observance of the principfc of non-inteivention, and the
stnctest conformity, in these respect*, to ihe rulcs of
uomd law, but it doubts not that the world will do it tne justice
to acknowledge that it has sa an example not unfit to be
followed by others; and that, by its steady legislauon on this
most nnpoitantsubject. it has done something to promote peace
and good neighbothood among nations, and to advance the
civilization of mankind.
The undesigned trusts that, when her But.inmc Majesty *
GJovernment r-hall present the grounds, at length, on which they
justify t!ih local authorities of Canada in attacking and destroy-
ing the "Caroline," they will consider that the laws of the United
gid'es aie surh as the undersigned fans now represented thein,
;a'id that the Government 0! the United States has always mani-
fested a sincer'} disposition lo see those laws eilectually and irn-
paitialiy administeied. If there have been rases in which in-
dividual*, justly obnoiious to punishment, have escaped, this
is no more than happens in regard to ether laws
Under these circumstances, and under those immediately con-
nected-with the uansaction itself, it will be for her Majesty's
Government to show upon what state of facis, and what rules'
of national law, the destruction of the "Carol.ne" is to be de-
fended. It will be ior that Government to show a necessity of
self defencc, instant, overwhelming, leaving no choice of means,
and no moment for deliberation, it will be for it to show, also,
thai the local authorities of Canada, even supposing the neces-
sity of the moment aulhuiized them to enter the territories of
tlse United States a* a1!, did nothing unreasonable or excessive,
since the act, justified by the necessity of self defence, must be
limi'ed by tha' nccos^ity, and kept clearly within it. It must be
shown that admonition 01 remonstrance to the persons on board
the "Caroline" WdS impracticable, or would have been unavail-
Kg. It must be shovvn that daylight could not be waited for;
th^t there could le no f-'enpt at disciimination between the
mnocnt ard the guilty; that itwuild not have been enough to
seize and detain (tie's e?sel; but that there was a necessity, pres-
ent and inevitable, for attacking her in ihe darkness of the
night, while moored to the shore, and while unarmed ruen were
asleep on honrd, killing tome and wounding others, and then
drawing her into the cui rent, above the catai&ct, setting her on
fire, and, caieless 10 know whether there might not be in her
the innocent with the suihy, or the living witli the dead, com-
muting her to a fate which fills ths imagination with horror. A
recessny foi all this, the Government cf the United Stales can-
not believe to 1 ive existed.
All will see th.it, if such things' he allowed to occ.nr, they must
lead tobiOodyandexasDerdltd war. And when an individual
comes into the United States fiom Canada, and to the very placc
on which this diama was perf imed, and there chooses to make
public and vainglorious boast of the pail he acitdin it, it is
haidly wonderful that gie^t f Aciteraent should be created, and
some deuico cf commotion ante.
Thisrepnhhc does not wi^h to disturb the trarqnillity of the
w nld: lis ob)cct is peace, its policy peace. It f-eeks no aggran-
dizement uy ioieign conquest, because H knows that no foreign
acqui^uioi.o cou'd an?meot its power and impoitsnce so rapid
ly as they are already advancing by its own ratutal growth,
under the propitious cncumatances of its situation. 15ut it
cannot admit that its Government has not both the will and the
power to preserve its own neu'rality, and to enfoice the ob
scrvances of itsown law§ upon its own citizens. It isjealous
of its rights, and among ofheia and most, especially, of the
nsditof thedbsolute immunity of its terntoiy against aegres
fcion irom abroad; and these lights itistlie duty and determin-
ation of this Government fully and at all times to maintain,
while it will at the same time as scrupulously lefrain from in-
fringing t.ii the rights of odiei-s.
The President instructs the undersigned to pay, in Conclu-
sion, that he confidently trusts that this, ami all other questions
cf difference between the two Governments, will be treated by
both m the ftll cxercise of such aspint of candor, justice, and
mutual icspect, as shall give assurance of the long contmuancc
of peace between the two countries.
The undersigned avails him^lfof thia opportunity to assure
Mr. Fox of his high consideidtjon.
daniel webster.
Henry 3. Fox, Esq ,
Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary.
Extract from thr message of the President to Congress, at
the commencement of its pi esentsession.
J regretfthat ilia not in my power to make known to you an
equally satisfactory conclusion in the case of the "Caroline"
steamer, with the circumstances connected with the deetruc-
