2§
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
explanation and apology for this violation was due at the time,
thePicsident is content to receive these acknowledgments and
assurances ui the conciliatory spirit which matks your Lord-
ships letter, and will make this* subject as a complaint of viola-
tion of temtory, the topic of no further discussion between the
two Governments.
As to that part of your Lordship's i.ote which relates to other
occurrences springing out of the case of the "Caroline," with
which occurrences the name of Alexander McLeod has become
connected, I have to say, that the Government of the United
States entirely adhere to the sentiments and opinions expressed
in the communications from this department to Mr. Fox. This
Government has admitted that, for an act committed by the
command of his sovereign, jure belli} an individual cannot be
responsible m the ordinary courts of another State. It would
regard it as a high indignity if a citizen of us own, acting under
its authority, and by its special command, in such cases, weie
held to answer in a municipal tribunal, and to undergo punish-
ment, as if the behest of his Government were no defence or
protection to him.
But your Lordship is aware that, in regular constitutional
Governments, persons arrested on charges of high cumes can
only be dischaiged fry some judicial proceeding Ir is so in
England; it is so in'the colonics arid piovmccs of England.
The foi ms of judicial proceeding differ m different countries,
being more rapid in some «md more ehlatoiy in others; and it
may be added, geneially more dilatory, or at least more cau-
tious, in cases affecting life, m Governments of a strictly lim-
ited, than in those of a moie unlimited cbmacter. K was a
subject of resiet that the release of Mcl.cu<] was po long de.
layed, A State couit, and that not of the highest piusdirlion,
decided that, on summai y application, embarrassed, as it would
appear, by technical difficul'ies, he could not be released by
that court. His discharge, shortly afterward, by a jury, to
whom he preferred to submit his case, rendered unnecessary
the further prosecution of the legit question. It. is for the
Congress of the United State-*, whose attention has been called
to the subject, to say what fuuher provision ought to be made
to expedite proceedings in such case&; am1, in answei to your
Lordship's question Towards the close of your note, I have to
say that the Government of the United States holds itself not
only fully disposed, but fully competent, to cany into practice
every principle which it avows or acknowledges, and to fulfil
every duty and obligation which u owes to foieigu Govern-
ments, their citizens 01 subjects.
I have the honor to be, my Lord, with great consideration
your obedient servant,
, , DANIEL WEBSTEK.
Loid Ashrukton, ac <Jcc. <%.v.
IMPKESSMEiNT.
Mr. Webster lo Lord Ashburion.
J)epartjient of State,
H. f , Washington, 8th August, 1 $12.
Mv Loud* We have had several conversations on the buiiject
of impressment, but I do not undeistand that your l/n-ds'hip
has instructions from youi Government, to negotiate upon it:
nor docs the Government of the United States i-ee any utility in
Opening such negotiation, unless the Biiiish Government is pic-
paieu to renounce the practice in all future wais
No cause has produ 'ed, to so great an extent, and foi so lon«*
a period, disturbing and u mating m/luencta on the pohtii.il
iCldtions of the United ri.ates and England as the impressment
of seamen by British ciuiscis Aom American meichant ves-
sels.
fcrom the commonccmcnt of the Fieuch levohuion to (he
breaking out of ihe war between the two countnesin l^U
hardly a year elapsed wi'honi loufUomplamt ami taim stic-
monstrance, a deep Jeelins of oppa-iuou to the ushf claimed,
and to the practice evrcisfd midm n—and not uiiliequcntly
exercised without die h-asl regaid to wiiat justice and ini
mariny would have dictated, even j| the right use If had
been admitted—took possesaion ol the public mind ui America*
and this feeling, it is well known, co-operated moat powerfully
with other causes, to producc the state of hostilities which en.
sued,
• At different periods, beloieand since die vvai', ucgoiiati^ns
have taken piace between the two Governments, with the hone
of finding wmio means of quieting th^c complaints. At some,
times, the effectual abolmon oft'.e puiotiec has boon icuuesied
and treated of; at other times, its temporary si'^pensv i" and
at oilier llnm j;am, tl.o It-nvaUon of its exercise and soincse?
curity against its enormous abuses.
A common destiny 1ms attended these cfluils; they l:avcali
jailed. I he question stands at this moment where it stood
filly years ago. The ncirest approach to a sutieineiit was a
convention proposed in ISi'o, and winch ii.'d come to the
point of.Slgnatuie, when it wan biokeu off m conawtinice
of the Bnush Government insulin.; ili.it the nun ow sr>«sahou!cl
be expressly excepted, out ol the sphere over which the coil,
templaifd htipulaiions .iSain.« impi< inerit should extend
The American minister, Ml. King, icgarde I this exception as
quite inadmissible, and chose rather to abandon the neuoiialion
llsh" l° °cqul<!3ce llj0 L'oclrJnc which it proposed lo eslab
_ England asserts the ri^lit of impressing British Muhipe.ts
in time of war, outot neunal ma chant vessels, and of deciding
hyher visiting oflicers, who, among the ciews cf such mcf
chant vessels, are British subjects. She assents this as a lonal
exercise of the preiogative of the Ciown; which pieroeative is
alleged to be founded on the, English law of pe, pemal and nulls-
soluble allegiance of (he subject, and his obligation, under all
circumstances, and for his whole life, to render military ser-
vice to the Crown whenever required.
This statement, made in the words of eminent BritUh iurv«
shows, at once, that the English claim is far broader than the
fcl °I! P I1" °,n; * hlch "13 rals«l Tne law relied on is
bnglisn law; the obligations insisted on are obligations exist-
ing between the Crown of England and its subjects. This law
and these obligations, it is admitted, may be such as England
?0se rey 8 11 be" But then they bo confined to
the paities. Impressment of seamen, out of and beyond Entr-
Jish territory, and from on boaid the ships of other nations iq
an interference with the rights ol other nations: is furtheu
therefore, than English prerogative can legally (xtencl; and ip
nothing but an attempt to enforce the peculiar law of England
beyond the dominions and jurisdiction of the Crown. The
claim asserts an extra-territorial authority for the law of Brit-
ish prerogative; end ;>vt mc«! to  xc!< i.e tn.'s Pxtra-!cnlt<Tial
auihoii'y <o die m<iai)m mpi.y end aiwyaree of the eti.z< ns
ai.d subjects of othei csuteb. on boaid then own vessels on tho
highseas. ■ *
Every mei chant vessel 011 the seas is rightfully conudeied as
part of the terutcry ol the country to which 11 belongs. The
entry, therefore, into such vessel, (bei. g neutral,)by a belligct-
ant, is an act of force, and is, prima facie, a wrong -a ticspass,
which can be justified only when done for some purpo&e, al-
lowed to form a sufficient justification by the law of nations.
But a Biiiish ciuiser enters an Amcncan merchant vessel in
order to take thereftom supposed British subject?; ofFeungno
justification theiefcr, under the law of nations, but claiming
the nght under the law oi England inspecting the King's pie-
rogauve. This cannot be detended. English soil, English ter-
ritory, E.iglish lurisdiction, is the appropriate splieie" for the
operation of English law; the ocean is the sphere of the law
ol nations; and any meichantvesfel on theeeas is, by that law,
under the protecton of the laws of her own nation, anil may
claim immunity, unless in cases m which that law allows her
to be entered or visited.
If this notion of perpetual allegiance, and the consequent
power of the prerogative, werethelawof the woiid; if it formed
pare of the conventional code of nations and were usually prac-
tised like the right of visaing neutial ships, for the purpose of
discovering and seizing enemy piope-ty, then impres^mpnt
might be defended as a common ngh ; and there would be no
remedy for the evil till the national code should be altered. But
this is, by no means, the cage. There is no such principle in-
corporated into the code of nations. The doctrine stands only
as English law, not as national law; and English law cannot
be of force beyond English dominion. Wbatevei duties 01 ic-
laiion.s chat lawcicates between the f-oveingn and hi-* subjects,
can be enforced arid maintained only within the realm, or prop-
ei possessions or tcrmoiy of the sovereign. There may he
quite as just a preiogative right to the propeity of subject* ns
to their personal services, m an exigency of the State; but no
Governmcntthinksofconttollmg, by its own laws, propeity of
its subjects situated abroad; much less does any Government
think of entering the territory of another power for the purpose
of seizing such piopeity and applying it to its own uses. Ay
laws, the preiosativcs ot the C'rown of England have no obliga-
tion on peisons or pioperty domiciled or situated abroad.
"When, therefore," says an authority not unknown ot unrc-
gaided on either side of the Atlantic, "we speak of the light of
a State to bind us own native subjects everywhere, wu t-peak
only of its own claim and exercise of sovereignty over ti>«nj,
when they return wiihm Us own leuuoiial pirijdiction; and net
ol its nyh; to compel or require ohcdicr.ce to snc!i law-', on ujc
partofuihei nations, wnhiu thctrrnvn leuitoual .-ovoieicn'y.
On the con'iaty, cvciy nation has an exclusive nrht to rc.'id.tie
peibons and ihmgs within its own territory, accordingly Ucsov-
eroign will and public polity."
The good >en«c of these principles, the r tcmaikablo peiti-
nenev to the &ub)cct now under considciau.n, and the extiaor-
dinaiy consctjuences resulting from the Hntish doctnnc, aie
sicnaliy manifested by that which we ^cc takin? place every day.
England acknowledges herself nverbui'doncd with populatn-n
of the poorer classes. Eveiy instanceof the emicratiori of per-
sons of those classes isreFaidcd by her as a benefit. England,
therefore, encomaees omigiaiion; means are notoriously sup-
]>hed to cmisidiits to assist their conveyance, fr<-m puhlir. fund-;
and the Nov/ Woikl, and more esper,tally tlicae United States, se-
ccivc the many thousands hei suhjecis thus ejected from the
bosom of their native land by the necessities of their condition.
They come away from povcity and distiess, m ovei crowdcd
citios to *01 k employment, comfort, and new homes, in a
rountty o< free institution*, po&sc.-sed by a kindred race,^cak-
ing then own Idiisrnase, and having laws and u?u<ros, m many
respects, hf'o those to which they hav e brcn act. ujtomed; jnd <i
couiiuv wlt'Cit, upo-i the whf'ie, is found to posses, !(,nrc at-
ti actions for persons of their diameter and condition than anv
othei on the face of the globe. It is stated that, in the quartet
o f the year ending with June last, moie than twenty six thou-
sand emigrant^ left the single port of Liverpool for the United
tetatcs—being (our or five nines as manv as left the same r>ort
wnhm the same period for the iJijti^h colonies and all other
oaits ol the world Of these crowds ol enngtail's, niany arrive
in our cities m cncum>Uncrs of an eat destitution; and the chart
ties ofthe country, both ptibUc andpuvate, are severely taxe 1
to relieve their immediate wants In time, they nimble vvi'h
the new community 10 winch they find themselves, diid«?cek
means of living; some find cmplo\ment in theciticf; othe «<
to the iioutlets, to cultivate lands reclaxn.cd from'the foiesf
and a rreaier or less numbei of the lesidne, beconnna, in omc'
naturalized citizens, enter into the merchant service,"urdci thr
flay of their adop'r d country.
, , , -> ,  —i.vicn'i'f, luus cncour-
aacil hy ho, and compelled oy then own I oiulmnn to leiv 'hr v
H.lllU« hillna.. .1  y . .. ' ' 't-J
... tuo *.<ui£^io emu iiftMisnips oi mnita.
ry service, foi a coimtry which has thus ceapcii to be their own
country! teitamly, coitainly, my Lord, there can be bui one
anhwei to this question. Js it not far more lea-sonahie that En",
lmd should eituer prevent such emigration of hei sui kci? or
Mat, 11 .sue encomage and iiromote it, the should lojvc them
not to the enioioilinent ol a double and cnntradictoiv aile ianr"
but to their own vnluntaiy choice, to lorm such relation-,'=pcliti-
color social, aa they see fit, in the countiy where Itley aie to
lint, their bread, and to the laws and institutions of which thev
are lo look for defence and protection! •
A question of each serious importdiiceoTOht now to&e r.utat
lest If the United btates give shelter and pi election to iho-e
I'r'hv thPh ° E?S',r,d annually casls upon their shores
—if, by the henign influences oi their Government and inslitu-
OllH. and hvl IP honnu /• ... 1.,, ..r,!..   , "ISUIU
lions, and by the happy coalition of Ihe ^un^Tho^e elmi
Qian,s become laised from poveily lo comfort, finrling it easy
even to become landholders, and heme showed to partake in
the enjoyment of a I civil rights,-,f alf ihis may be done (ami
pLl  S !8h 'ei T " lhc c"untenaiicc and encouragement of
thaf wh'LhetSel' 'S gh time' my I'or(!' tha'. veWins
t which had ms orisiri in feudal ideas as inconsisteof wah
the preset Stale of society, and especially with The mien., wse
Pnlla6, fl Ih", nM T1'"S ee" Ule 01,1 W"rW ani1 ll'« New,
Cngland .houJd, at length, formally disclaim all right to the
conduct?0 Persans> and renounce all control over their
D'it impressment is subject to objections of a much wider
range If it could be j astitied in its application to those who
are f'eclaicd to be its only object, it still lemaino true that, m rts
exercise, it touches the political rights of other governments,
and endangers the securi'y of theirown nativ-- subjects and citi-
zens. The sovereignty of the State is concerned in maintain-
ing its exclusive jurisdiction and possession over its merchant
ships on the seas, except so far as the law of nations justifies
intrusion upon that po session for special purposes; and all ex-
perience has shown that no member of a crew, wherever horn,
is safe against impressment when aship is visited.
The evils a'id injuries resultms from the actual practice can
hardly be overrated, and have ever pioved themselves to be
such as should lead to its relinquishment, even il it were found-
ed m any defensible principle The difficulty of discrimina.
ting between EngUgh subjects and American citizens has al-
ways been found "to be great, even when an honest purpose ol
dis-ciimination has cx sted. Dut the lieutenant of a man-of-
war, having n^ce-sitv for men, is apt to be a summary judge,
and his decisions will be quite as significant of his own wants
and his own power'as of the truth and jusfce of the case. An
extract from a letter of Mr King, of the i3th of April, 1797, to
the American Secretary of State, shows something of the enor-
mous extent of these wrongful seizures.
"Instead of a few, and these in many instances equivocal
ca^es, I have,-" says he, "since the month of July past, made
application for the discharge, from British men of war, of two
hundred and seventy-one seamen, who, stating themselves to be
Americans, have claimed my mtei fcrence. Of this numboi,
eighty six have been ordeied by the Admiralty to be discharged;
thirty-seven moie have been detained as British subjects or as
American vo!unteeis,m for want of prool that they are Amer-
icans; and to iny applications foi the dischdiiic of the remain-
mg one hundred and forty-eight, I have jeceived no answer—
the phips on board of which these seamen wete detained hav.
mg, in many instances, sailed before an examination was made
in consequence of my application.
"It is certain that some of those who have applied to me are
not Amei ican citizens; but the exceptions die, in my opinion,
few; and the evidence, exclusive of certificates, has been such
a^, in most case?, to satisfy mc that tho applicants were real
Americans, who have been forced into the Bnush service, and
who, witii smgu'ar constarcv, have generally persevered in re-
fusing pay or bounty, (hough in come instance* they have been
m =eivice more than two yeaia."
But the injuries of im}-iessmenL are by r.o means confined to
its immediate fc-ubjects or the individuals on whom it is prac-
ticed Vessels-&ulfer from the v.eakenics of their crews, and
voyages arc often delayed, and not unfiequentl> broken up, by
bubfraction from the rmmbci ol nc^c^odiy hands by impress-
merit. And what i* Mill of glutei and more geneiaJ moment,
the ftar of impressment lias befn found to cieate great diffi
cukly in obtaining sailois for the American merchant service
m times of European war. Seaianrg men, oiierwise inclined
to enter into that sci vicc, ore. oj expcricnce has shown, deter-
red I y the fear of finding themselves ere long in compulsory
militaiy bcivice in Butish bhipsof war. Many instances have
occurrcd, fully established in r roof, in which raw seamen, na-
tives of toe United fefates, fi esh fiom the fields of agricultu ie,
entering for the first time on shipboard, have h^en impressed
befoie they made the land, placed 011 the deck* of Biiiish men-
of war, and compelled to j-eive foi yeaib before they could ob-
tain then iclc.-ue, or revisit their oguii< 1 y and their homes Such
insmncco bccome know n, and then effect in disrouia^in0, youn"
men fioin engaging m the merchant service of their countiy
can neither ie doubted nor wuuJeicd at. More than all, my
Lord, the practuc of impressment, whenever it has existed has
produced not conciliation and good feeling, hut resentment, ex-
a«peianon, and animosity, bttwuc.it the two great commercial
countries of the woiid.
In the calm and quiet which have succeeded the late wat—a
condition b   favorable for dispassionate cooperation—England
herfseif i.as cvi.Jently seen the harshness of itiipiesament, even
when exeicised on seamen in her own n.etchant service: and
the has adopted mea&uies calculated, if r ot to renounce the
power or to abolish the piauice, yet, at leas', to supersede its
necessity by other means of maiiiung the ioyal navy, mo!e
compatible with justice ami ihe rights of individuals, and far
moie conformable to the spirit and sentiments of the age.
Under thp.se nrcmustuncct, the Government of the United
T Z Zl )\ ihe occasion of yonr Lordship's pacific mission
to lcview this whole subject, <wi to brirg it to your notice and
that oi youi Govcinment. It ha? reflected on the past ponder-
?!rL f-Cnnfih!T °rth- piesc,lt' a^^deavoied tu anticipate, so
r L , ;Sht m ltsn°wer- !t-e probable future; and I km
hUralSoDg"nniun,cate lu y°l,r i"Ti}*hiV the usuli of thesede-
The An.erica11 Government, then, is prepared to say (hat
the piacuce of impressing seamen f.om American vessels can-
not heica-tur be d'lowed to take place. That practice is
bunded on pmciplr. wh.Ch if does not .ecosn^e; andS fnva'
^aJ0I!Cw(i y ccnscHtiences so uniust, $,<> injurious, and of
si.ch tormidable magnitude. cannot be submitted to.
in the early deputes between the two Governments on thi<i
so long contested topic, the d,„tingu,d,e<l pei/on to who«
iw' T? frSt mtl?sted tlie of this depart ,?ent Se
claieu, ihat tlie sunpIeM rule wilt be, that ihe vesfel heme
Ame„,-a„ Shal! be evidence that the' seamen on board m!
Fifty years' experience, thou'tei failure ofmarv necotiatioPB
aiMl a carelu recor.51 deration row had or ihe whole fiihiec? al
a moment when the ,,anions are laid, ami no oi inter'cs
or emergency exists to bias the irn^mpm hQ„.^r. A. .- rr8l
t.„8 Gove.ninent ttaX't"..'™3'SC0,,Vr,i
vv tlUe?eartcie!fe^^^^^ ^   hat
'or of the United States and the
ule announces, theief
peace. Far otherWise. In nurn??o h in \ f y lmn of
