CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
do justice to this frank and sincere avowal of motives, and
that you will communicate your sentiments in this respect to
your Government
This letter close*, my. Lord, on my part, our nfiicial cor-
respondence; and I gladly use the occasion to offer you the
assuiauce of my lugh ^nd sincere regard
DANIEL WEBSTER.
Lord Ashburton, &c., &c., &c.
Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster.
Washington, August 9,1842.
Sir: The no'e you did me the honor of addressing me the
8th instant, on the subject of impiessment, shall be transmitted
without delay to my Government, and will, yon may be as-
sured, receive from them the deliberate attention which us im-
portance deserves.
The object of my mission was mainly the ■settlement of ex-
isting subjects of difference; and no differences have or could
have arisen of late years with respect to impressment, because
the practice has, since the peace, wholly ceased, and cannot,
consistently with existing laws and legulations for manning hei
Majesty's navy, be, under i he present circumstance?, renewed.
Desirous, however, of looking far forward into futurity to
anticipate even possible causes of disagreement, and sensible
of the anxiety of the American people on this grave subject of
past initation, I should be sony in any way to discourage the
attempt at some settlement of it; and, although without au-
thority to enter upon it here during the limited continuance of
my mission, I entertain a confident hope that this (ask may be
accomplished, when undeitaken. with the npii it of candor anil
conciliation which has marked all our late negotiations.
It not being our intention to endeavor now to come to any
agreement on this subject, I may be permitted to abstain from
noticing, at length, your veiy ingenious arguments relating to
it, and from discussing the graver matteuof constitutional ar d
international law growing out of them. These sufficiently
show that the question is one requiring calm consideiation,
though I muM, at [lie same tune, .idinit that they piove a strott?
necessity of some settlement for the preservation of thai j.'Ovd
understanding which, I trust, wo may il.Uter oursdves that our
joint labors have now succeeded in establishing,
I am well aware that the laws of our two cotiiitueq maintain
opposite pnnciples respecting allr-gmxe to iho eoveieign.
America, receiving, uvi-ry year, by thousands, ihe emigiants of
Europe, maintains the doctrine, suitable to her condition, of the
right of transfemng allegiance at will. The laws oj (iuMt
Britain have maintained, fiom all turn, the opposite doctnne
The duties of allegiance aie held to be indefeasibi.; and it h
believed that this dortniif, under \arious modiiicationp,
prevails in iiiort*, if not la all, the nviliz-id Slates ot Eu-
rope.
Emigration—(he modern mode by which the population of
the worfd peaceably finds itn levH—is for the benefit of all, and
eminently for the benefit of Immunity. The iViuh: dewitt; o[
America are gradually advancing tot ho highest .it ate of cultiva-
tion and production, while the emigrant acqnnescomiort which
his own confined home could not all« rd him.
If there were anything in our lawn oi om practice, on either
side, tending to impede this march of providential hum.miiy,
we could not be too eager to provide a loinody; but a-* thu does
not appear to be lIic ca^e, we may raMy leave tins part of the
subject without mdul^iug in ab-.iu.fi speculant'ii:', having
no material piaenral npphe.itinn io iii.;tretM m discussion be
tween us.
But it must Ua admitted that a ^e.ious pvacticjl qursiion
does arist', or lather h.)j exicted. fiom piac.n.v-? (oimeily at-
tending the mcdeof manningt'ie Iiri< i^h navy m times of vvai
The principle is, that all subjects of t'he Crown me, m care of
necessity, bound to sei ve their ruimtiy. and the -u.ilUiin^ m.m
h naturally taken foi the. naval -^rvici; This 15 not, a-; is
sometimes supposed, any aibstrmy pnnciplo of mon >ivhi<\d
government; but one founded on the n.i'imi! duty of ev-
ery m  n to defend his country; anil all iha analogy of
your laws would lead to the cond t<h>on fh.it the sMme prim ip'e
would hold good m the United Rta'e.s if their g.v.«inp[ural po-
SlUon did not make Hs appln auuu un'iec,rs«-as v
The very anomalous condition ot the two 1 ountri- <? with re-
lation to each other here creates a serious diliiculty. Our pen-
pie are not distmguishab'e; and, owins; to tiie peculiar habits
of sailqrs, our vessels aie ve>y gonerahy maimoil tiom a com
mon stock. It is odlicult, under these circumstance1??, to execute
laws which at times have oe^n thou ht to ha tsreitiai fee the
existence of the countiy, without ml: uf injury to of lit-i.*. The
extent and impoitance of those mjnnes, however, am so fnrrru
dable that it is admitted that «ome icrnedy should. 11 possible, bo
applied: at all events, it must he fairly and honestly attempted
It is true tha', during the continuance ol'peace, no practical
grievance can ause; but it is also Hue that it is, for that reason,
thepioper season for the calm and debbeiate consideration of
an important subjtct I have much reason to hope "hat a satis-
factory anangement respecting it may be, made, >-o as to set at
rest all apprehension and anxiety; and I will only fuither re-
peat the assurance of the sincere disposition of my Onvern
m<-nt favorably to consider all ma'ferss having for then ol ]<>ct
The promoting and maintaining undisturbed kind and friendly
feelings with the United fSta'ew
I beg, s.r, on Uu- ol cWngthe corj^p« i-der-.v w:-h
yon connected wnh my to expie«s lb*1 sj..3fr.n'io,; I
feelai its successful termination, mid to I'ssuie you ol my in.«h
consideration and personal esteem and regard.
ASHBURTQJSh
Hon, Paniel Webster,&•&, «kc.>&c.
THE TREATY.
By the President of the United Stales of A met tea.
A PROCLAMATION.
Whereas, a treaty between the United States of
America and her Majesty the Glueenof the United
Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, was con-
eluded and signed by • their plenipotentiaries, at
Washington, on the ninth day of August, one
thousand eight hundred and forty-two, which treaty
is, -word for-word, as follows:
A treaty to settle and define the boundaries between
the territories of the United States and the pos-
sessionsof her Britannic Majesty in North Ameri-
ca : for the final suppression of the African slave-
trade: and for the giving up of criminals, fugi-
tive from justice, in certain cases.
Whereas, certain portions of the line of bounda-
ry between the United States of America and the
British dominions in North America, described in
the second article of the treaty of peace of 1783,
have not yet been ascertained and determined, not-
withstanding the repeated attempts which have been
heretofore made for that purpose: and whereas, it is
now thought to be for the mleiesl of both parlies,
that avoiding farther discussion of their respect-
ive rights, arising in this respect under the .said
treaty^ they should agree on a conventional line in
said portions of the said boundary, such as maybe
convenient to botli parties, with such equivalents
and compensations as are deemed just and reason-
able : and whereas, by the treaty concluded at
Gheni, on the "21th day of December, 1814, be-
tween the United States and his Britannic Majes-
ty, an article was agreed to and inserted, of the fol-
lowing tenor, viz: "Article 10. Whereas, the traf-
fic m slaves if> irreconcilable with the principles
of humanity and justice: and whereas, both his
Majesty, and ihe United Slates, are desirous of con-
tinuing their ellbi Is to promote its entire abolition, it
is hereby agreed that both the contracting parties
shall u^etheir best endeavors to accomplish so de-
sirable an object." and whereas, notwithstanding
the laws which have ai various times been passed
by the two Governments, and the ettorts made to
suppress it, that criminal traffic is still prosecute t
and carried on • and whereas, the United States of
America, and her Majesty theGUieeu of the United
Kingdom of Great 1-intain and Ireland, are deter-
mined that, so iar as may be in their power, il shall
be effectually abolished, and whereas, it is found
expedient, for the better administration ol justice
and lite prevention ot crime within the teri itories
and jurisdiction ol the two parties respectively, that
persons committing the crimes heieinalier enumer-
ated, and bcingfugilives from justice, should, un-
der cei tain circumstances, be reciprocally delivered
op-—the United States of America and her Butan-
nic Majesty, having resolved to treat on these sever-
al sublets,' have, for that purpose, appointed their
respective plenipotentiaries to negotiate and con-
clude a treaty, that i-. to say, the President of the
United States has, on bis part, furnished with full
powers Daniel Webster, Secretary of State of the
'tjniicd States; andhei Majesty, the Queen of the
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, has,
on her j>ait. appointed the right honorable Alexan-
der Lord Ashhurion, a peer of the said United
Kingdom, a number of her Majesty's most honor-
able" privy council, and her Majesty's minister
plenipotentiary on a special mission to the United
Stales; who, after a reciprocal communication of
their respective full powers, have agreed to and
signed the following articles:
article t.
Jt is hereby agreed and declared that the line of
boundary shall tie as tollows-
Beginning at the Monument at the source of the
river's!. Croix, as designated and agreed to by the
eommissioners under the 5ih article in the treaty of
179-!, between the Governments of ihe United Stales
and Great Britain; thence north, following the ex-
ploring line run and marked by the surveyors of
ihe two Governments m the years 1817 and 1818,
under the fifth article of the tieaty of Ghent, to its
intersection with the river St, John,and io the mid-
die of the channel thereof; thence, up the middle of
the main channel of the said river St. John, to the
mouth of ihe liver S'. Francis; thence, up the mid-
dle of the channel of the said river St Francis, an]
of the lakes thr./igh f which] il tiows, !o the outlet
, of ihe Lake Poheiiagamook; thence, southwesterly,
Iin a straight line, to a point on the northwest branch
of the river St. John, which point shall be ten miles
distant from the main branch of the St. John, in a
straight line, and in the nearest direction; but if the
said point shall be found to be lessthan seven miles
from the nearest point of the summit or crest of
the highlands that divide those rivers which empty
themselves into the river St. Lawrence from those
which fait into the liver St. John, then the said
point shall be made to recede down the said north-
west branch of the river St. John, to a point seven
miles in a straight line from the said summit or
crest; thence, in a straight line, in a course about
south eight degrees west, to the point where the
parallel of latitude of 46 deg. 25 min. north inter-
sects the southwest branch of the St. John; thence,
southerly, by the said branch, to the source thereof
in the highlands at the Metjarmette portage; thence,
down along the said highlands which divide the
waters which empty themselves into the river St.
Lawrence from those which fall into the Atlailtic
ocean, to the head of Hall's stream; thence, down
the middle of said stream, till the line thus run in-
tersects the old line of boundary surveyed and
marked by Valentine and Collins previously to the
year 1774 as the 45th degree of north latitude, and
"which has' been known and understood to be the
line of actual division between the States of New
York and Vermont on one side, and the British
ptovince of Canada on the other; and, from said
point of intersection, west along the said dividing
line as heretofore known and understood, to the
Iroquois, or St. Lawrence river.
ARTICLE II.
It is moreover agreed, that from the place where
the joint commissioners terminated their labors,
under the sixth article of the treaty of Ghent, to wit:
at a point in the Neebish channel, near Muddy
lake, the line shall run into and along the ship
channel, between St. Joseph's and St. Tammany
Islands, to the division of the channel at or near the
head of St. Joseph's Island; thence, turning east-
ward'.y and northwardly around the lower end of
St. George's or Sugar Island, and following the
middle of the channel which divides St. George's
from St. Joseph's Island; thence up the east Nee-
bish channel, nearest to St. George's Island, through
the middle of Lake George; thence, west of Jonas
Island, into St. Mary's river, to a point in the
middle of that river, about one mile above St.
George's or Sugar Island, so as to appropriate and
assign the said island to the United States; thence
adopting the line traced on the maps by the com-
missioners, through the river St. Mary and lake
Superior, to a point north of lie lloyale in said lake,
one hundred yards to the north and east of lie
Chapeau, which last-nientioned island lies near the
northeastern point of lie Royalc where the line
marked bv the eommissioners terminates; and from
the last-mentioned point, southwesterly,through the
middle of the sound between He Royale and the
northwestern mainland, to the mouth of Pigeon
river, and up the said liver, to and through the
north and south Fowl Lakes, to the lakes of the
heightof land between Lake Superior and the Lake
of the Woods; thence, along the water communi-
cation to Lake Saisaginaga, and through that lake;
thence, to and through Cypress Lake, Lac du Bois
Blans, Lac la Cloix, Little Vermillion Lake, and
Lake Namecan, and through the several smaller
lakes, straits, or streams, connecting the lakes here
mentioned, to that point m Lac la PIuie or Rainy
Lake, at the Chaudicre Falls, from which the com-
missioners traced the line to the most northwestern
point of the Lake of the Woods; thence, along the
said line, to the said most northwestern point, be-
ing in latitude 49 deg 23 ir.in. 5j sec. north, and in
longitude 95 deg. 14 min. 38 see. west jYom the Ob-
servatory at Greenwich; thence, according to exist-
ing treaties, due south, to its intersection with the
49th parallel of north latitude, and along that paral-
lel to the Rocky Mountains. It being understood
that all the water communications, and all the
usual portages aleng the line from Lake Superior
to the Lake of the Woods, and also Grand Portage,
from the shore of Lake Superior to the Pigeon
river, as now actually used, shall be-free and open
to the use of the citizens and subjects of both coun-
tries.
AUTICLU III.
In order to promote the interests and encourage
the industry ot all the inhabitants of the countries
vatered by the river Si John and its tributaries,
whether living within the State of Maine or the
U Province of New Brunswick, it is agieed that
where, by the provisions of the present treaty, the
river St. John is declared to be the line of
