CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1842.
Volume 12- -No. 3.
IN SENATE.
Wedne-day, December 7, 1842.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. took the chair at 12
o'clock; and
The proceedings of the two former dsys being
read,
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented the credentials
of the Hon. Samuel G. Craft, Senator fleeted
by the Legislature of Vermont, to fill the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of Judge Prentiss
which were read. Mr. C. was then qualified and
took his seat.
Mr. MILLER presented (he creden ials of the
Hon. Wm. L. Daytjn, Senator elected by the
Legislature of New Jetsey, to fill the vacancy oc-
casioned by the death of the Hon. Samoel L.
Southard; which were read. Mr. D. was then
qualified and took his seat.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, it was
Ordered, That the Secretary oi' the Senate inform thellouse
of Representatives that a quorum of the Senate have assem-
bled, and are ready to proceed to business.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, it w'as
Resolved^ That each Senator be supplied daily, during the
present session, with three copies of such daily uewspapeis as
he may choose, provided that they he furnished at the usual
rates of annual charge for a daily paper; and provided that
any Senator thinking propei to take other than a daily paper,
shall be entitled to so many such other papers as will be equal
to three daily papers.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that he would, rn
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to repeal
the bankrupt law.
BOARD OF EXCHEQUER.
Mr. TALLMADGE gave notice that he would,
at an early day, ask leave to introduce a bill to
modify the several acts establishing the Treassfy of
the United States.
A message was received from the House of
Representat ves, by Matthew St. Clair Clarke,
their Clerk, informing the Senate that a quorum
of that body had assemblrd, and were ready to
proceed to legislative business; and also informing
the Senate that they hid passed a resolution, and
appointed a coriamitiee under it, lo join such com-
mittee as might be appointed on the part of the
Senate, to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Homes of Congress had assembled, and were rea-
dy to receive any communication he misht make.
On motion of Mr. KERR, the sbove resolution
was concurred in; and the Chair was authorized
to appoint a committee of two on the part of the
Senate; when
Messrs. Kerr and Kino were appointed said
committee.
After a short interval,
Mr. KERR, from the above committee, stated
tbatthe joint committee had waited upon the Piesi^
dent,'and informed lam that a quorum ol the two
Houses had assembled, and were ready to receive
from him such communication as be might think
proper to submit to them; when toe Pi«sident di-
rected them to inform their respective Houses that
he would forthwith submit a message in writing.
Thereupon
A message in writing was receivfd ftom the
President of the United Spates, by the hands of
Robeiit Tyler, esq., his private seci'ctary, which
was read, as follow*:
To the Senate ami
Home of Hep)esentativc-i of Uic United Stales:
We have continued leason to express our pro-
found gratitude to the great Creator of all things
for numberless benefits conferred upon us as a peo-
ple. Blessed with genial seasons, the husbandman
has his garners filled with abundance; and the
necessaries of life, not to speak of its luxuries
abound in every direction. While in some other
nations steady and industrious labor can hardly
find the means of subsistence, the gieatest evil
which we have to encounter is a surplus of pro-
duction beyond the home demand, which seeks,
ffnd with difficulty finds, a partial market in other
regions. The health of the countiy, with partial
exceptions, has, for the past year, been well pre-
served; and, under their free and wise institutions,
the United States are rapidly advancing towards
the consummation of the high destiny which an
overruling Providenceseems to have marked out
for them. Exempt from domestic convulsion, and
at peace with all the world, we are free to consult
as to the best means of securing &nd advancing
the happiness of the people. Such are the circum-
stances under which you now assemble in your re-
spective chambers, and which should lead us to
unite in praise and thanksgiving to that great
Being who made us, and who preserves us as a
nation.
I congratulate you, fellow-citizens, on the happy
change in the aspect of our foreign affairs since
my last annual Message. Causes of complaint at
that time existed between the United States and
Great Britain, which, attended by irritating cir-
cumstances, threatened most seriously the public
peace. The difficulty of adjusting amicably the
questions at issue between the two countries, was,
in no small degree, augmented by the lapse of
time since they had their origin. The opinions
entertained by the Executive on several of the
leading topics in dispute, were frankly set forth in
the Message at the opening of your late session.
The appointment of a special minister by Great
Britain to the United States, with power to negoti-
ate upon most of the points of difference, indicated
a desire on her part amicably to adjust them; and
that minister was met by the Executive in the same
spirit which had dictated his mission. The treaty
consequent thereon, having been duly ratified by
the two Governments, a copy, together with the cor-
respondence which accompanied it, is herewith
communicated. I trust that, whilst you may see in it
nothing objectionable, itmay be the means of pre-
serving, for an indefinite period, the amicable re-
lations happily existing between the two Govern-
ments. The question of peace or war between the
United States and Great Britain, is a question of
the deepest interest, not only to themselves, but to
the civilized world; since it is scarcely possible
that a war could exist between them without en-
dangering the peace of Christendom. The imme-
diate effect of the treaty upon ourselves will be
felt in the security afforded to mercantile enter-
prise, which, 110 longer apprehensive of interrup-
tion, adventures its speculations in the most distant
sea; and, freighted with the diversified productions
of every land, returns to bless our own. There is
nothing in the treaty which, in the slightest degree,
compromits the honor or dignity of eitlici nation.
Next to the settlement of the boundary line, which
must always be a matter of difficulty between
States as between individuals, the question which
seemed to threaten the greatest embarrassment
was that connected with the African slave-trade.
By the 10th article of the treaty of Ghent, it was
expressly declared that £twhereas the traffic in
slaves is irreconcilable with the principles of hu-
manity and justice; and whereas both his Majesty
and the United Stales are desirous of continuing
their efforts to promote its entire abolition; it is
hereby agreed that both the contracting parties
shall use their best endeavors to accomplish so de-
sirable an object." In the enforcement of the laws
and treaty stipulations ol Great Britain, a practice
had threatened to grow up, on the part of its
cruisers, of subjecting to visitation ships sailing
under the American flag, which, while it seriously
involved our maiitime rights, would subject to vex-
ation a branch of our trade which was daily in-
creasing, and which required the fostering care of
the Government. And although Lord Aberdeen,
in his correspondence with the American envoys,
at London, expressly disclaimed all right to detain
an American ship on the high seas, even if found
with a cargo of slaves on board, and restricted the
British pretension to a mere claim to visit and in-
quire; yet it could not well be discerned by the Ex-
ecutive of the United States how such visit and in-
quiry could be made without detention on the voy-
age, and consequent interruption to the trade,. It
was regarded as the rightof search, presented.only
in a new form, and expressed in different words;
and I therefore felt it to be my duty distinctly to de-
clare, in my annual Message to Congress, that no
such concession could be made, and that the Uni-
ted States had both the will and the ability to en-
force their own laws, and to protect their flag from
being used for purposes wholly forbidden by those
laws, and obnoxious to the moral censure of the
world. Taking the Message as his letter of in-
structions, our then Minister at Paris felt him-
self required to assume the same ground in a re-
monstrance which he felt it to be his duty to-
present to M. Guizot, and, through him, to the
King of the French, against what has been called,
the Quintuple Treaty; and his conduct, in this
respect, met with the approval of this Government.
In close conformity with these views, the eighth,
article of the treaty was framed, which provides
that "each nation shall keep afloat in the African
seas a force of not less than eighty guns, to act sep-
arately and apart, under instructions from their re-
spective Governments, and for the enforcement of
their respective laws and obligations." From this
it will be seen that the ground assumed m the Mes-
sage has been fullv maintained, at the same time
that the stipulations of the treaty of Ghent are to
be carried out in good faith by the two countries,
and that all pretence is removed for interference
with our commerce, for any purpose whatever, by
a foreign Government. While, therefore, the
United Slates have been standing up for the free-
dom of the seas, they have not thought proper to 1
make that a pretext for avoiding a fulfilment of
their treaty stipulations, or a ground for giving
countenance to a trade reprobated by our laws,
A similar arrangement by the other great powers
could not fail to sweep from the ocean the slave-
trade, without the interpolation of any new prin-
ciple into the maritime code. We may be permit-
ted to hope that the example thus set will be follow-
ed by some, if not all of them. We thereby also
afford suitable protection to the fair trader in those
seas; thus fulfilling at the same time the dictates
of a sound policy, and complying wij-h the claims
of justice and humanity.
It would have furnished additional cause for con-
gratulation, if the treaty could have embraced all.
subjects calculated in future to lead to a misunder-
standing between the two Governments. The ter-
ritory of the United States, commonly called the
Oregon Territory, lying on the Pacific ocean, north,
of the forty-second degree of latitude, to a portion,
of which Great Britain lays claim, begins to attract
the attention of our fellow-citizens; and the tide of
population, which has reclaimed what was so lately
an unbroken wilderness in more contiguous re-
gions, is preparing to flow over those vast districts
which stretch from the Rocky mountains to the
Pacific ocean. In advance of the acquirement of
individual rights to these lands, sound policy dic-
tates that every effort should be resorted lo by tho
two Governments to settle their respective claims.
It became manifest, at an early hour of the late
negotiations, that any attempt, for the time being,
satisfactorily to determine those rights, would lead,
lo a protracted discussion, which might embrace
in its failure other more pressing matters; and the
Executive did not regard it as proper to waive all
the advantages of an honorable adjustment of other
difficulties of great magnitude and importance, be-
cause this, not so immediately pressing, stood in.
the way. Although the difficulty referred to may
not, for several years to come, involve the peace of
the two countries, yet I shall not delay to urge on
Great Britain the importance of its early settle-
ment. Nor will other matters of commercial im-
portance to the two countries be overlooked; and 1"
have good reason to believe that it will comport
with the policy of England, as it does with that of
the United States, to seize upon tins moment, when
most of the causes of irritation have passed away,
to cement the peace and amity of the two countries,
by wisely removing all grounds of probable future
collision.
With the other powers of Europe our relations
continue on the most amicable footing. Treaties
now existing with them should be rigidly observed;
and every opportunity, compatible with the inter-
ests of the United States, should be seized upon to
