34
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
enlarge the basis of commercial intercourse. Peace
with all the world is the true foundation of our
jfolicy, which can only be rendered permanent by
the practice of equal and impartial justice to all.
Our great desire should be to enter only into that
rivalry which looks to the general good, in the cul-
tivation of the sciences, the enlargement of the
field for the exercise of the mechanical arts, and
the spread of commerce (that great civilizer) to
every land and sea. Carefully abstaining from in-
terference in all questions exclusively referring
themselves to the political interests of Europe, we
may be permitted to hope an equal exemption from
the interference of European Governments in what
relates to the Slates of the American continent.
- On the 23d of April last, the commissioners on
/ the part of the United States, under the conven-
: tion with the Mexican Republic of the 11th of
: April, 1839, made to the proper department a
' final report in relation to the proceedings of the
commission. From this it appears that the total
amount awarded to the claimants by the com-
missioners and the umpire appointed under that
convention, was two million twenty-six thousand
and seventy-nine dollars and sixty-eight cents. The
arbiter having considered that his functions weie
required by the contention to terminate at the
same time with those of the commissioners, return-
ed to the board, undecided for want of time, claims
which had been allowed by the American commis-
sioneis, to the amount of nine hundred andtwenty-
eight thousand six hundred and twenty dollars and
eighty-eight ccnts. Other claims, in which the
amount sought to be recovered was thiee million
three hundred and thirty-six thousand eight hun-
dred and thirty-seven dollars and five cents, were
submitted to the board too late for its consideration.
.The Minister of the United States at Mexico has
been duly authorized to make demand for the pay-
ment of the awards, according to the terms of the
convention, and the provisions of the act of Con-
gress of the 12th of June, 1840. Hehasalso been
instructed to communicate to that Government the
expectations of the Government of the United
States m relation to those claims which were not
disposed of according to the provisions of the con-
vention, and all-others of citizens of the United
States against the Mexican Government. He has
also been furnished with other instructions, to be
followed by him in case the Government of Mexico
should not find itself m a condition to make pres-
ent payment of the amount of the awards, in specie
or i's equivalent.
I am happy to be able to say that information
which is esteemed favorable, both to a just satis-
faction of the awards, and a reasonable provision
for other claims, has been recently received from
Mr. Thompson, the Minister of the United States,
who has promptly and efficiently executed the in-
structions of his Government in regard to this im-
portant subject.
The citizens of the United States who accom-
panied the late Texan expedition to Santa Fe, and
who were wrongfully taken and held as prisoners
of war in Mexico, have all been liberated.
A correspondence has taken place between the
i Department of State and the Mexican Minister
of Foreign Affairs, upon the complaint of Mexico
i that citizens of the United States were permitted
• to give aid to the inhabitants of Texas in the war
existing between her and that republic. Copies of
, this correspondence are herewith communicated to
Congress, together with copies of letters on the
. same subject, addressed to the diplomatic corps at
Mexico, by the American Minister and the Mexi-
can Secretary of State.
Mexico has thought proper to reciprocate the
mission of the United States to that Government,
by accrediting' to this a minister of the same rank
as that of the representative of the United States m
Mexico. From the circumstances connected with
this mission, favorable results are anticipated from
it. It is so obviously for the interest of both coun-
tries, as neighbors and friends, that all just causes of
mutual dissatisfaction should be removed, that it is
, to be hoped neither will omit or delay the employ-
ment of any practicable and honorable means to
accomplish that end.
The affairs pending between this Government
and several others of the States of this hemisphere
formerly under the dominion of Spam, have again,
within the past year, been materially obstructed
by the military revolutions and conflicts in those
countries.
The ratifications of the treaty between the United
States and the Republic of Ecuador, of the 13th of
June, 1839, have been exchanged, and that instru-
ment has been duly promulgated on the part of this
Government. Copies are now communicated to
Congress, with a view to enable that body to make
such changes in the laws applicable to our inter-
course with that Republic as may be deemed re-
quisite.
Provision has been made by the Government of
Chili for the payment of the claim on account of
the illegal detention of the brig Warrior at Coquim-
bo, in 1820. This Government has. reason to ex-
pect that other claims of our citizens against Chili
will be hastened to a final and satisfactory close.
The empire of Brazil has not been altogether
exempt from those convulsions which so constant-
ly afflict the neighboring republics. Disturbances
which recently broke out are, however, now un-
understood to be quieted. But these occurrences,
by thieatening the stability of the Governments, or
by causing incessant and violent changes in them,
or in the persons who administer them, tend great-
ly to retard provisions for a just indemnity for loss-
es and injuries suffered by individual subjects or
citizens of other Slates. The Government of the
United States will feel it to be its duty, however, to
consent to no delay, not unavoidable, in making
satisfaction for wrongs and injuries sustained by
its own citizens. Many years having, in some
cases, elapsed, a decisive and effectual course of
proceeding will be demanded of the respective
Governments against whom claims have been pre-
ferred.
The vexatious, harassing, and expensive war
which so long prevailed with the Indian tribes in-
habiting the peninsula of Florida, has happily been
terminated; wjiereby our army has been relieved
from a service of the most disagieeable character,
and the treasury from a large expenditure. Some
casual outbreaks may occur, such as are incident
to the close proximity of border settleis and the
Indians; but these, as in all other cases, may be left
to the care of the local authorities, aided, when
occasion may require, by the forces of the United
States. A sufficient number of troops will be
maintained in Florida, so long as the remotest ap-
prehensions of danger shall exist; yet their duties
will be limited rather to the garrisoningof theneces-
sary posts, than to the maintenance of active hostili-
ties. It is to be hoped that a territory, so long re-
tarded in its growth, will now speedily recover
from the evils incident to a protracted war, exhib-
iting, in the increased amount of its rich produc-
tions, true evidences of returning wealth and pros-
perity. By the practice of rigid justice towards
the numerous Indian tribes residing within our
territorial limits, and the exercise of a parental
vigilance over their interests, protecting them
against fraud and intrusion, and at the same time
using every proper expedient to introduce among
them the arts of civilized life, we may fondly hope
not only to wean them from their iove for war,
but to inspire them with a love foi peace and all
its avocations. With several of the tribes, great
progress in civilizing them has already been made*.
The schoolmaster and the missionary are found
side by side; and the remnants of what were once
numerous and powerful nations may yet be pre-
served as the builders up of a new name for them-
selves and their posterity.
The balance in the treasury on the 1st of Janu-
ary, 184'2, (exclusive of the amount deposited with
the States, trust funds, and indemnities,) was $230,-
483 68. The receipts into the treasury during the
first three quarters of the present year, from all
sources, amount to $-26,616,593 78; of which more
than fourteen millions were received from cus-
toms, and about one million from the public lands.
The receipts for the fourth quarter are estimated at
nearly eight millions; of which four millions are
expected from customs, and three millions and a
half fromloansand treasury notes. The expendi-
tures of the first three quarters of the present year
exceed twenty-six millions, and those estimated for
the fourth quarter amount to about eight millions;
and it is anticipated there will be a deficiency of
half a million on the 1st January next; but that the
amount of outstanding warrants (estimated at®800,-
000) will leave an actual balance of about $224,000
in the treasury. Among the expenditures of the
year, are more than eight millions for the public
debt, and $600,000 on account of the distribution to
the Stales of the proceeds of sales of the fpublic
lands:
The present tariff of duties was somewhat has-
tily and hurriedly passed near the close of the late
session of Congress. That it should have defects,
can, therefore, be surprising to no one. To rem-
edy such defects as may be found to exist m many
of its numerous provisions, will not fail to claim
your serious attention. It may well merit in-
quiry, whether the exaction of all duties in cash
does not call for Lhe introduction of a system
which has proved highly beneficial m countries
where it has been adopted. I refer to me ware-
housing system. The first and most prominent
effect which it would produce, would be to protect
the market alike against redundant or deficient
supplies of foreign fabrics; both of which, in the
long run, are injurious as well to the manufactu-
rer as to the importer. The quantity of goods m
store being at all times readily known, it would en-
able the importer, with an approach to accuracy, to
ascertain the actual wants of the market, and to
regulate himself accordingly. If, however, he
should fall into error,by importing an excess above
the public wants, he could readily correct its evils
by availing himself of the benefits and advantages
of the system thus established. In the storehouse,
the goods imported would await the demands of
the market; and their issues would be governed by
the fixed principles of demand and supply. I s
an approximation would be made to a steadiness
and uniformity of price, which, if attainable, would
conduce to the decided advantage of mercantile
and mechanical operations.
The apprehension may be well entertained, that,
without something to ameliorate the rigor of cash
payments, the entire import trade may fall into the
hands of a few wealthv capitalists in this country
and in Europe. The small importer, who requires
all the money he can raise for investments abroad,
and who can but ill afford to pay the lowest duty,
would have to subduct in advance a portion of his
funds, in order to pay the duties, and would lose
the interest upon the amount thus paid for all the
time the goods might remain unsold; which might
absorb his profits. The rich capitalist abroad, as
well as at home, would thus possess, after a short
time, an almost exclusive monopoly of the import
trade; and laws designed for the benefit of all,
would thus operate for the benefit of the few—a re-
sult wholly uncongenial with the spirit of our in-
stitutions, and anti-republican in all its tendencies.
The warehousing system would enable the import-
er to watch the market, and to select his own time
for offering his goods for sale. A profitable por-
tion of the cariymg trade in articles entered for
the benefit of drawback, must also be most seriously
affected, without the adoption of some expedient to
relieve the cash system. The warehousing sys-
tem would afford that relief, since the carrier
would have a safe recourse to the public store-
houses, and might, without advancing the duty, re-
ship within some reasonable period to foreign ports.
A further effect of the measure would be to super-
sede the system of drawbacks, thereby effectually
protecting the Government against fraud, as the
right of debenture would not attach to goods after
their withdrawal from the public stores.
In revising the existing tariff of duties, should
you deem it proper to do so at your present session,
I can only repeat the suggestions and recommenda-
tions which, upon several occasions, I have here-
tofore felt it to be my duty to offer to Congress.
The great primary and controlling interest of the
American people is union; union, not only irnhe
mere forms of government—forms which may be
broken—but union founded in an attachment of
States and individuals for each other. This union
in sentiment and feeling can only be preserved by
the adoption of that course of policy which, nei-
ther giving exclusive benefits to some, nor impos-
ing unnecessary burdens upon others, shall consult
the interests of all, by pursuing a course of moder-
ation, and thereby seeking to harmonize public
opinion, and causing the people everywhere to feel
and to know that the Government is careful of the
interests of all alike. Nor is there any subject in
regard to which moderation, connected with a
wise discrimination, is more necessary than in the
imposition of duties on imports. Whether refer-
ence be had to revenue—the primary objtct in
the imposition of taxes—or to the incidents which
necessarily flow from their imposition, this is en-
tirely true. Extravagant duties defeat their end
and object, not only by exciting in the public mind
an hostility to the manufacturing interests, but by
inducing a system of smuggling on an extensive
scale, and the practice of every manner of fraud
