CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3 $
opon the revenue, which the utmost vigilance of
Government cannot effectually suppress. An opj
posite course of policy would be attended by re-
sults essentially different, of which every interes-
©f society—and noma more than those of the manu-
facturer—would reap important advantages.
Among the most striking of its benefits would
be that derived from the general acquiescence of
the country in its support, and the consequent
permanency and stability which would be given
to all the operations of industry. It cannot be too
often repeated, that no system of legislation can
be wise, which is fluctuating and uncertain. No
interest can thrive under it. The prudent capi-
talist will never adventure his capital in manu-
facturing establishments, or in any other leading
pursuit of life, if there exists a state of uncer-
tainty as to whether the Government will repeal
to-morrow what it has enacted to-day. Fitful
profits, however high, if threatened with a ruinous
reduction by a vacillating policy on the part of
Government, will scarcely tempt him to trust the
money which he has acquired by a life of labor
upon the uncertain adventure. I, therefore, in the
spirit of conciliation, and influenced by no other
desire than to rescue the great interests of the
country from the vortex of political contention,
and in the discharge of the high and solemn du-
ties of the place which I now occupy, recom-
mend moderate duties, imposed with a wise dis-
crimination as to their several objects, as being
not only most likely to be durable, but most advan-
tageous to every interest of society.
The report of the Secretary of the War Depart-
ment exhibits a very full and satisfactory account
of the various and important interests committed
to the charge of that officer. It is particularly
gratifying to find that the expenditures for the mili-
tary service are greatly reduced in amount; that a
strict system of economy has been introduced into
the service, and the abuse* of past years greatly
reformed. The fortifications on our maritime
frontier have been prosecuted with much vigor,
and at many points our defences are in a very con-
siderable state of forwardness. The suggestions
in reference to the establishment of means of com-
munication with our territories, on the Pacific, and
to the surveys so essential to a knowledge of the
resources of the intermediate country, are entitled
to the most favorable consideration. While 1
would propose nothing inconsistent with friendly
negotiations to settle the extent of our claims in
that region, yet a prudent forecast points out the
necessity of such measures as may enable us to
maintain our rights. The arrangements made for
preserving our neutral relations on the boundary
between us and Texas, and keeping in check the
Indians in that quarter, will be maintained so long
as circumstanccs may require.
For several years angry contentions have grown
out of the disposition directed by law lo be made of
the mineral lands held by the Government in seve-
ral of the States, The Government is constituted
the landlord, and the citizens of the States wherein
lie the lands are its tenants. The relation is an
.unwise one; and it would be much more conducive
to the public interest that a sale of the lands should
be made, than that they should remain in their
present condition. The supply of the ore would
be more abundantly and certainly furnished when
to be drawn trom the enterprise and the industry
of the proprietor, than under the present system.
The recommendations of the Secretary in regard
to the improvements Qf the Western waters, and
certain prominent harbors 011 the lakes, merit, and
I doubt not will receive, your serious attention.
The great importance of these subjects lo the pros-
perity of the extensive region referred to, and the
security of the whole country in time of war, can-
not escape observation. The losses of life and
property which annually occurin the navigation of
the Mississippi alone, because of the dangerous
obstructions in the river, make a loud demand
upon Congress for the adoption of efficient meas-
ures for their removal.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy will
bring you acquainted with that important branch
of the public defences. Considering the already
vast and daily inci easing commerce of the coun-
try, apart from the exposure to hostile inroad of
an extended seaboard,all that relates to the navy is
calculated to excite particular attention. What-
ever tends to add to its efficiency, without entail-
ing unnecessary charges upon the treasury, is well
worthy of your serious consideration. It will be
seen, that while an appropriat ion ex ceeding by more
than a million the appropriations of the. pre.-ent
year, is asked by the Secretary, yet that, in this
sum, is proposed to be included $400,000 for the
purchase of clothing, which, when once expend-
ed, will be annually reimbursed by the sale of the
clothes, and will thus constitute a perpetual fund,
without any new appropriation to the same object.
To this may also be added $50,000 asked to cover
the arrearages of past years, and $250,000 in order
to maintain a competent squadron on the coast of
Africa; all of which, when deducted, will reduce
the expenditures nearly within the limits of those
of the current year. While, however, the expen-
ditures will thus remain very nearly the same as
of the antecedent year, it is proposed to add greatly
to the operations of the marine, and, in lieu of
only twenty-five ships in commission, and but little
in the way of building, to keep, with the same ex-
penditure, forty-one vessels afloat, and to build
twelve ships of a small class.
A strict system of accountability is established,
and great pains arc taken to insure industry,
fidelity, and economy in every department of duty.
Experiments have been instituted to test the qual-
ity of various materials, (particularly copper, iron,
and coal,) so as to prevent fraud and imposition.
It will appear by the report of the Postmaster
General, that the great point which, for several
years, has been so much desired, has, during the
current year, been fully accomplished. The ex-
penditures of the department for the current yeai
have been brought within its income, without les-
sening its general usefulness. There has been an
increase ol revenue equal to $1G6,000 for the year
184'2 over that of 1841, without, as it is believed,
any addition having been made to the number of
letters and newspapers transmitted through the
mails. The Post Office laws have been honestly
administered, and fidelity has been observed in ac-
counting for, and paying over by the subordinates
of the department, the moneys winch have been
received. For the details of the service, I refer
you to the report.
I flatter myself that the exhibition thus made of
the condition of the public administration will serve
to convince you that every proper attention has been
paid to the interests of the country by those who
have been called to the heads ot the different depart-
ments. The reduction m the annual expenditures
of the Government already accomplished, furnishes
a sure evidence that economy in the application of
the public moneys is regarded as a paramount
duty.
. At peace with all the world—the personal lib-
erty of the citizen sacredly maintained, and his
rights secured under political institutions deriving
all their authority from the direct sanction cf the
people—with a soil fertile almost beyond example,
and a country blessed with every diversity of cli-
mate and production, what remains to be done in
order to advance the happiness and piospeu'ty of
such a people"! Under ordinary circun.stances, this
inquiry could readily be answered. The best that
pj-obably could be done for a people inhabiting such
a country, would be to fortify their peacp and se-
curity in the prosecution of their various pursuits,
by guarding them against invasion from without,
n.id violence from within. The rest, for the greater
part, might be left to their own energy and enter-
prise. The chief embarrassments which, at the
moment, exhibit themselves, have arisen from over-
action; and the most difficult task which remains
to be accomplished is that of correcting and over-
coming its effects. Between the years 1833 and
1838, additions were made to bank capital and
bank issues, in the form of notes designed for cir-
culation, to an extent enormously great. The ques-
tion seemed to be, not how the best currency
could be provided, but in what manner the great-
est amount of bank paper could be put in circula-
tion. Thus, a vast amount of what was called
money—since, for the time being, it answered the
purposes of money—was thrown upon the country;
an over-issue which was attended, as a necessary
consequence, by an extravagant increase of the
prices of all articles of property, the spread of a
speculative mama all over the country, and has
finally ended in a general indebtedness on the
part of States and individuals, the prostration of
public and private credit, a depreciation in the
market value of real and personal estate, and
has left large districts of country almost en-
tirely without any circulating medium. In view
of the fact that, in 1830, the whole bank-note
circulation within the United States amounted
to but $61,323,898, according to thie Treasury-
statements, and that an addition had been made
thereto of the enormous sum of $88,000,000
in seven years, (the circulation on the 1st January,
1837, being stated at $149,185,890,) aided by the
great facilities afforded in obtaining loans from
European capitalists, who were seized with the
same speculative mania which prevailed in the
United States—and the large importations of funds
from abroad, the result of stock sales and loans—
no one .can be surprised at the apparent, but unsub-
stantial, state of prosperity which every where pre-
vailed over the land; and while little cause of sur-
prise should be felt at the present prostration of ev-
erything, and the ruin which has befallen so many
of our fellow-citizens in the sudden withdrawal
from circulation of so large an amount of bank is-
sues since 1837—exceeding, as is believed, the
amount added to the paper currency for a similar
period antecedent to 1837—it ceases to be a matter
of astonishment that such extensive shipwreck
should have been made of private fortunes, or that
difficulties should exist in meeting their engage-
ments on the part of the debtor States. Apart front
which, if there be taken into account the immense
losses sustained in the dishonor of numerous banks,
it is less a matter of surprise that insolvency should
have visited many of our fellow-citizens, than that
so many should have escaped the blighting influ-
ences of the times.
In the solemn conviction of these truths, and
with an ardent desire to meet the pressing necessi-
ties of the country, I felt it to be my duty to cause
to be submitted to you, at the commencement of
your late session, the plan of an Exchequer; the
whole power and duty of maintaining which, in
purity and vigor, was to be exercised by the Repre-
sentatives of the people and of the States, and, there-
fore, virtually by the people themselves. It was
proposed to place it under the control and direc-
tion of a treasury board, to consist of three com-
missioners, whose duty it should be to see that the
law of its creation was faithfully executed; and
that the great end of supplying a paper medium of
exchange, at all times convertible into gold and
silver, should be attained. The board, thus consti-
tuted, was given as much permanency as could be
imparted to it, without endangering the proper
share of responsibility which should attach to all
public agents. In order to insure all the advan-
tages of a well-matured experience, the commis-
sioners were to hold their offices for the respective
periods of two, four,-and six years; thereby secu-
ing, at all times, in the management of the Ex-
chequer," the services of two men of experience;
and to place them in a condition to exercise perfect
independence of mind and action, it was provided
that their removal should only take place for ac-
tual incapacity or infidelity to the trust, and to be
followed by the President with an exposition of
the causes of such removal, should it occur. It
was proposed to establish subordinate boards in each
of the States, under the same restrictions and limit-
ations of the power of removal, which, with the cen-
tral board, should receive, safely keep, and disburse
the public moneys; and in order to furnish a sound
paper medium of exchange, the Exchequer should
retain of the revenues ofthe Government a sum not
to exceed $5,000,000 in specie, to be set apart as re-
quired by its operations, and to pay the public
creditor, at his own option, either in specie, or treas-
ury notes of denominations not less than five, nor
exceeding one hundred dollars; which notes should
be redeemed at the several places of issue, and~to
be receivable at all times and everywhere in pay-
ment of Government dues; with a restraint upon
such issue of bills, that the same should not ex-
ceed the maximum of $15,000,000. In order to
guard against all the hazards incident to fluctua-
tions in trade, the Secretary of the Treasury was
invested with authority to issue $5,000,000 of
Government stock, should the same at any time be
regarded as necessary, in order to place beyond
hazard the prompt redemption of the bills which
might be thrown into circulation: thus, in fact,
malting the issue of $15,000,000 of exchequer bills
rest substantially on $10,000,000; and keeping in
circulation never more than one and one-half dol-
lar for every dollar in specie. When to this it is
added that the bills are not only everywhere re-
ceivable in Government dues, but that the Gov-
ernment itself would be bound for their ultimate
redemption, no rational doubt can exist that the
paper which the Exchequer would furnish would
