3S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Davis, Richard 1). Davis, John Edwards, Everett, Ferris,
Feseenden, Fillmore, A.. * Lawrence Foster, J. R. Giddinge,
Patrick G. Goode, Granger, Hall, Halsted, Henry, Hudson,
Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, James. Linn, McKennan,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mitchell, Mor-
fan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Patndge,
'endleton, Ilamsey, Alexander Randall, Benjamin Randall,
Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm. Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Bimonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Stratton, Summers, John B. Thomp-
son, Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull,
Van Rensselaer, Washington, Joseph L. White, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, and Augus-
tus Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Barton, Beeson, Bid-
lack, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Charles Brown, Burke, Wm.
Butler, Wm. O. Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, T. J. Campbell,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Daniel,
Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Eastman, John C. Edwards, John G.
Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gerry, Gilmer,
Goggin, Gordon, Custine, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Wil-
liam W. Irvin, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson,
John W. Jones, Keim, Littlefietd, Lowell, Abraham McClel-
lan, Robert McCIellan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand,
Alfred Marshall, Matthews, Medill, Miller, Newhard, Payne,
Pearce, Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Read, Rediue, Rencher,
Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Shaw, Shepperd, Wm. Smith,
Snyder, Sprieg, Steenrod, Alexander II. II. Stuart, Sweney,
Taliaferro, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Ward, Warren,
"Watterson, Weller, Westbrook,\Vise,andWood—93.
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose to a question of order.
If the question which had just been disposed of
should be negatived to-morrow and subsequent
days, as it had been both this and the preceding
day, he wished to inquire whether it was to lie
over from day to day, to the end of the session.
(Cries of "The question is not debalable.") He
said he did not desire to debate il; he merely wished
to know where they were.
Mr. C. JOHNSON and others objected to de-
bate on the subject.
The SPEAKER also stated that the House hav-
ing disposed of the subject for this day, the gentle-
man from Kentucky was not in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Well, then, I will bring
it before the House to-morrow.
The subject was then laid over.
ORGANIZATION OP CONGRESS.
A message was received from the Senate, by A.
Dickins, Esq , its Secretary, informing the House
that a quorum of the Senate was assembled, and
that that body was ready to proceed to business.
Subsequently another message was received from
the Senate, by its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had appointed a committee on its
part to wait or the President, with the committee
appointed on behalf of the House, to inform him
that the two Houses of Congress were ready to
receive from him any communication he might
have to make. [The names of the gentlemen ap-
pointed by the Senate will be found in our Senate
report.]
THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. WISE moved the reappointment of the se-
lect committee of the last session on the public
printing, which, during the last session, had made
great progress with, and nearly completed its la-
bors.
The motion was agreed to.
NOTICES AND MOTIONS.
Mr, BRIGGS gave notice of a motion for the
amendment of the 19th joint rule of the two
Houses of Congress, so as to substitute the word
"intoxicating" for the word "spirituous." Th?
rnla now stands thus: "No spirituous liquors slv.iII
be offered for sale, or exhibited, within ihe Capitol,
or on the public grounds adjacent thereto."
Mr. BARNARD gave notice of a motion for
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the issue of
convertible exchequer bills, and further to amtn.l
the laws relating to the Treasury Depattment.
Mr. MATHIOT gave notice of a billtogrart
pensions to certain widows of officers and soldiers
of the Revolution.
Mr. BURNELL gave notice if a bill to provide
for the enlistment of boys for the naval service,
and to extend the term of the enlistment of tea-
men.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON gave notice of a b, 1
to make an appropriation for the continuation of
the Cumberland road through the States of Oh o,
Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN gave notce cf a bill mik-
ing; an appropriation for the construction of s< ven
marine hospitals on the Western water?.
Mr. HARRIS gave notice of a bill to repeal ro
much of the act entitled "An act to provide reve-
nue from impotts, and to change and modify the
law imposing duties on imports and for other
purposes,-" as imposes a tax upon salt.
Mr. STEENROD gave notice of a bill to make
an appropriation for the continuation of the Cum-
berland road west of the city of Wheeling, and the
construction of a bridge over the Ohio river.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS gave notice of a bill
au'horizing drawbacks on goods exported by land
to Santa Fe.
Also, of a bill declaring what is the Northern
boundary of the S'.a'e of Missouri.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. McKEON gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill to organize the warehousing system.
HUDSON RIVER.
Mr. BARNARD gave notice that he would to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to in-
troduce a bill making an appropriation for con-
tinuing the improvement of the Hudson river.
STATE DEBTS
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON moved that 5,000
copies of the document of the last session, in re-
lation to the debts of the States, be printed for the
use of the House: rejected—ayes 57, noes 88.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Joint Committee, ap-
pointed to wait on the President of the United
States, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Houses of Congress had assembled, and were
ready to receive any communication he might
make, reported that the committee had performed
the duty assigned them; and had been answered by
the President that he would forthwith make a com-
munication in writing to each of the two Houses.
The annual message of the President was then
presented by Mr. Robert Tyler, his secretary,
and read at the Clerk's table.
[This document will be found in its proper
place, in the proceedings of the Senate.]
After the message had been read—
Mr. CUSHING moved that the message be laid
on the table, and that 10,000 copies with the doc-
uments be printed for the use of the House.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested to the gentleman from
Massachusetts to modify his motion, so as to order
the printing of 5,000 copies with the documents,
and 10,000 without.
Mr. CUSHING declined doing so, saying that
this point was fully discussed at the last session,
and the House then settled down with the under-
standing that 10,000 copies with the documents
was the number necessary for circulation.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cushing's
motion, and carried.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
The House adjourned.
In addition to the members recorded to have
been present on Monday, the following appeared
on Tuesday Messrs. V. Birtlseye, Walter Coles,
William L. Gogain, George S. Houston, James
A. Pearce, G. B. Rodney, John Westbrook, nnd
David Levy, ih'ezate.
And, on Wednesday, the following appeared:
Messrs. Cave Johnson, William W. Payne, and
Edward Cross.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 8, 1842.
Mr. PORTER of Michigan, and Mr. GRAHAM
of North Carolina, in addition to those already
announced, appeared in their stats to-day.
The PRESIDE ST pro tern. bid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department,
transmitted in compliance with the act of Ci.ngre.-s
of March, 1819, cohering an abslre.ct cf the ex-
penditures out of the contingent fund of that de-
paitment, from the lit October, 1841, to the 30 h
September, 1843, inclusive; which,
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be orinted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted a resolution,
(which was, by unanimous consent, agreed to.) to
far suspending the 34 h role as to authorize the
presiding officer to appoint the standing committer
for the pre?ent?e.-<itn.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, informing the Senate that that
body bad parsed a resolution for the appointment
of two chaplains for the present session, of differ-
ent denominations—one for each House—who are
to interchange services weekly; and al?o passed a
resolution for the appointment of a joint commit-
tee (consisting of three from each House) to super-
intend the disbursement of the fund for the increase
of the library of Congress; and asking the concur-
rence of the Senate in each.
On motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the resolutions
were concurred in, and the Chair was authorized
to appoint the committee on the part of the Senate
to superintend the disbursement of the library fund.
On motion by Mr. BATES, the Senate, by
unanimous consent, resolved to proceed forthwith
to the election of a chaplain.
Mr. BAYARD suggested whether it would not
be better to pass a resolution simply appointing the
chaplain of the last session.
The CHAIR said that the rule required that the
Senate should ballot; and the resolution was there-
fore inadmissible.
CHAPLAIN.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot; when it
was ascertained that only 25 ballots (not a quo-
rum) had been received—of which
Mr. Tuston received . . .24, and
Mr. Bulfinch 1.
At the suggestion of Mr. KING, the Senate was
counted; when it was ascertained that a quorum
were present.
The Senate proceeded a second lime to ballot;
when 28 votes were received—of which
Mr. Tuston received . . . 26,
Mr. Bulfinch 1, and
Blank 1.
Mr. Tuston was therefore declared to be duly
elected.
THE BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. BENTON, on leave, and agreeably to no-
tice given, introduced a bill to repeal the bank-
rupt. act; which was read, as follows:
Whereas the bankrupt act of 1841 is unconsti-
tutional and immoral, and violates the rights of
the States and of individuals, and is invalid and
void, and ought not to be permitted to remain on.
the statute-book; therefore,
Be it enacted by Ike Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jlmzriea in Congress
msmblei, That the act passed on the 19,h of
August, 1841, entitled '/rt act to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the United
Slates," be, and the same hereby is, repealed, ex-
cept for the trial of cases now depending under
said ac1; which cases may be prosecuted to ter-
mination under the following limitations aad con-
ditions, to wit:
First. That no discharge from his debts shall
be granted to any bankrupt, except with the con-
sent of two-thirds -of his creditors, and upon the
judicial certificate of bis integrity, as provided for
in the S6ih section of the bankrupt act of April 4,
1800, which is as follows:
"That no person becoming a bankrupt, according to the in-
tent and provisions of this act, shall be entitled to a certificate
of discharge, oi to any of the benefits of the act, unless ilie com-
missioners shall certify, under their hands, to the judge of the
distnct wiihm which such commission issues, (hat such bank-
rupt hath made a full discovery of hi' ci her estate and effects,
and in all things confoimed him or herself to the directions of
this acl; and tint tb^re doth not appear to them any reason to
doubt of the tmth of such discovery, or that the same was not
a tul! discovery of ;he said bankrupt's estate and effects; or
unless the said judge should be ot opinion that the said certifi-
cate was unreasonably denied by the commissioners; and unless
two-thiids, in numherar.d m value, of the crechtois of the bank-
rupt, who shall be ci editors fui not less than fifty dollars, re-
spectively, and who shall have duly proved then debts, unite!'
the said commission, shall sign such certificate to the judge,
and testify their consent to the allowance of a certificate oi dis-
charge, in pursuance of this act; which snrmnc and consent,
shall be also certified by the comimssioners;'but~the said com-
mi-sioneis snal] not certify the same till they have pioof, by
affidavit or mfoimation, in writing, of such ci editors, or of the
persona respectively authorize! for lhat purpose, signtng tha
said certificate; which affuia vit or affii mauon, together with tha
letter or power of attorney to sign, shall be laid before tha
judge of the district within -which such commission issues, in
older for the allowing' 'Le eeitificate of discharge; and the said
certificate shall not tie allowed, unless the bankrupt make oath
or affirmation, m writing, that the ceifificaie of the commis-
sioner^, and consent of the creditors thereunto, were obtained
failly and without fjaud; and any of the creditors of the said
bankrupt are ahowed to be heard, if they shall think fit, before
the respective persons aforesjnt, against the making or allowing
of such certificates by the commissioners oi judge."
