CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
p- tain in the naval service, praying to be allowed an
| amount of pay withheld from him by the United
Slates, while under arrest, of which he was after*
- wards honorably acquitted: referred to the Com-
i; mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a petition from Rich-
ard H. Wilde, praying that Congress will pass a
' law extending to him the benefit of the copyright
• law of the United States, in the publication of a
work of which he is the author, and which he is
! compelled, from the nature of the work, to have
first printed in Europe: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BARBOW, agreeably to notice, in leave,
introduced a bill for the relief of Thor. W. Cbinn;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STURGEON presented a petition from
Samuel Grice of Philadelphia, praying remunera-
tion for certain losses under a contract with the
Navy Department for cutting certain timber, in
consequence of interruption by hostile Indians: re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
- JUDGES OF UNITED STATES COURTS.
Mr. TAPPAN, agreeably to notice given, and on
leave, introduced a joint resolution so to amend the
Constitution of the United States as to limit the
term of office of the judges of the Supreme and
Inferior Courts of the United States; which was
read twice, and made the special order of the day
for the first Monday in January, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of James
Trumbull, of Pike county, Illinois, praying for the
privilege of relocating a quarter section of land
received on account of military services during the
late war; and also for a pension: referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YOUNG also gave notice that he would, on
to-morrow, ask leave to introduce bills of the fol-
lowing titles, to wit:
An act granting an additisnal quantity of land to
the State of Illinois, to aid in the completion of
the Illinois and Michigan canal.
An act appropriating ihe proceeds of the rents
of the United Slates lead-mines in the State of Il-
linois, and Territories of "Wisconsin and Iowa, for
the improvement of the navigation at the Rock
River and Des Moines rapids, in the Mississippi
river.
An act making further appropriations for the
continuation of the Cumberland road, in the Slates
of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; and
An act making a further appropriation for the
completion of the public works, and rebuilding the
light-house at the harbor of Chicago.
Mr. GRAHAM presented the petition of Daniel
Murray, prayiDg certain allowances for carrying
the United States mail: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WOODBURY presented petitions from Olive
Thompson and Margaret Gould, widows of revo-
lutionary soldiers, praying pensions: referred to the
Commi'tee on Pensions.
Mr. W. al.o presented the petition of Wi'l'am
Russell, of the schooner Perch, praying for fishing
bounty: referred to ihe Commiitec on Commerce-
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, leave was
granted D. T. Maurice to withdraw fioci the files
of the Senate cerlain document'.
PINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. LINN gave notice that he would on to mor-
row ask leave to introduce c rtain bills; among
which was a bill to indemnify General Andrew
Jackson the fine of #1,000, wiih costs, imposed on
him for discharg:ng his official duties, by Judge
Hall of New Orleans.
Mr. BATES presented a. petition from Lucy
Davi*, a widow of a soldier of the Revolution,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. ARCHER presented ihe memorial of the
legal representatives of Richard Harris «nd Nim-
rod Farrow; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WOODBRIDGB pie-en'ed the petition of
Lemuel Bingham, praying compensation for prop-
erty taken from him by a band of Pottawatomie
Indians: referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
THE EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, when the reso-
lution introduced by the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] to rescind the expunging resolution,
came up for consideration, he would move-to
amend it with the following as a substitute:
That the resolution expunging from the Senate Journal the
sentence of condemnation against President Jackson for remo-
ving the public deposites from the Bank of the United States,
commonly called "the expunging resolution," was an act done
by the Senate m conformity to the will of the people, authenti-
cally expressed in the popular elections,and m the instiuctions
from the General Assemblies of the States, after a lull and fair
submission of the question to the people and the States for their
consideration and decision. And the said ''expunging resolu-
tion" having been thus adopted, in accordance with such ex-
pressed will and instructions, it is incompatible with the prin-
ciples of representative Government, and inconsistent with the
respect due to the people and the States, and unbecoming the
Senate, to act upon any proposition for rescinding the said ''ex-
punging resolution," while the said instructions of the States
and the said expressed wiil of the people remain unrevoken
and unaltered by any subsequent instruction or expression of
Ihe public wili.
Resolved, That the thanks of the country are due to General
Jackson, ex-President of the United States, for having, by his
courage, patriotism, and sagacity, in removing the public de-
posites from the Bank of the United States, in 1833, and in
placing his veto upon the renewed charter of that bank, in
1832, thereby saved the Government and people of the United
States from the pecuniary loss, the political corruption, and the
moral pollution, which a longer connexion with that institution
must have brought upon them.
Mr. BENTON ihen submitted the following res-
olution; which lies over one day under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, That the. President of the United States be request-
ed to inform the Senate as follows.
i. The number and estimated value of vessels which will he
required in the African squadron under the late[Butish treaty.
M. The probable annual cost of repairing said vessels.
The number of men and ofiiccrs winch the equipment of
the squadron will require.
4. The probable annual loss of men from deaths, desertion,
and other casualties, on buaid said tquailion.
G. The ptobable annual expenditure of said pquadion, under
all the heads of expenditure incident to the service.
(>. Whether it is intended to make the squadron consist of
more th.in eighty guns, and the calibre of the guns to bo used.
7. The whole number of guns which it 13 expected to have
afloat in the United States navy during the year 18-33, and the
estimated expense of the naval establishment for the yeui, in-
cluding all expenses incident to keeping up the navy.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that he would on
to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill, to ba en-
litled An act to amend the set of 1842, supplemen-
tary to the acts to establish the judicial system of
the Uniied States.
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Scoit county, Arkansas, prajing Con-
gress for a donaiion of a quarter section of land
on which to erect their county buildings: referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
* On motion of Mr. LINN,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 12, 1842.
Tlr minutes of Thursday were read and ap-
proved; and the followirg list was then read of
STANDING COMMITTED.
Committee of Elections.—Messrs. Halsted, Blair,
Barton, Borden, Cravens, Gamble, Turney, Hous-
ton, am. Reynolds.
Committee of Ways and Means —Messrs. Fillmore,
Bolts, Samson Mason, Wallace,T. P. Marshall, J.
R. lupetsoll, J W. Jones, Athe.ton. and Pickens.
Commitlee of Claims —Messrs. Gildings, Cowen,
Osborne, Tomhnson, Warren, Htibard, Arnold,
B'trke, and Medill.
Committee on Commerce..—Messrs. J. p Kennedy,
Winthrop, Toland, Child', Rsyner, Benjamin
Randall, S J. Andrew.-, T. W. Williams, and
Ferris.
Committee tin Public Lands.—Messrs. Moirow,
Ca*ey, Truraan Smith, Gentry, Bronsen. How-
ard, Brewster, Chapman, sind Jacob Thompson.
Committee on the Post Office ant Post Rpadi.—
Messrs. Brisg-,Jo'eon L. Williams, Wm Russell,
Broekwsy, QvAey, Hopkins, Andrew Kennedy,
.T-jhn Ci. FL yd, and Phimer.
Committee for the District of Columbia —Messrs.
Und'-rwood,Summers, Alexander Randall, Powell,
Richard W. Thompson, J, Campbell, Hunter,
McKeoB, and Dawson.
Committee on the ,/udicivnj.—Mes-rs. Darner.!
Trumbull, Pearee, Maxwell, Milton Brown, Gar-
rett Davis, Charles J. Ingetsoll, Roosevelt, and
Saunders.
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.—Messrs.
Hall, P. G. Goode, Triplet!, Thos. J. Campbell,
Maynard, Washington, James, Parmenter, and W.
0. Goode.
Committee on PuMc Expenditures.—Messrs Lino,
Hudson, Morgan, Van Rensselaer, James W.
Russell, Mitchell, Mark A. Cooper, Clinton, and
Littlefield.
Coihmittee on Private Land Claims.—Messrs.
Moore, John Young, William C. Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Birdseye, Payne, R. D. Davis, Cross,
and Harris.
Committee on Manufactvres.—Messrs. Saltonstall,
Tillinghasr, Randolph, Slade, Hunt, Henry,
Allen, Gilmer, and P. C. Caldwell.
Committee on Agriculture.—Messrs. Deberry,
RiJgway, Simonton, Gustine, Do;g, Shaw, John
Edwards, Patridge, and Hastings
Committee on Indian Affairs —Messrs. James
Cooper, Chittenden, W. Butler, Rencher, Joseph
L. White, Watterson, Weller, John C. Edwards,
and Gwin.
Committee on Militaiy Jlffairs-—Messrs. S anly,
Pendleton, Guggin, William B. Campbell, Stokely,
Wm. 0. Butler, Sollers, Miller, and J T. Mason.
Committee on the Militia. —Messrs Keim, Coles,
Ward, Boyd, Mark A. Cooper, Reding, Alfred
Marshall, Sweney, and Snyder.
Committee on Naval Affairs.—Messrs. Wise,
Calhoun, John C. Clark, Burnell, Fessenden,
Rhett, Mallory, Clifford, and Wood.
Committee on Foreign Affairs.—Messrs. John Q,.
Adams, Cushing, Everett, Granger, Shepperd, A.
H. H. Stuart, Caruthers, Meriwether, and Holmes.
Committee on the Territories.—Messrs. Pope,
Christopher H. Williams, Gates, I;aac D. Jones,
Green W. Caldwell, Hays, Dean, Charles A.
Floyd, and Black.
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.—Messrs.
Taliaferro, Fodney, Staley N. Clarke, Mathiot,
L. W. Andrews, Babcock, Mathews, Fornance,
arid Wm. Smih.
Commitlee on Invalid Pensions —Messrs. Morris,
Aycrigsr, Baker, Gordon, Stratton, Read, Doan,
Sitnford, and Augustus Young.
Committee on Roads and Canals.—Messrs. Mc-
Kennan, Lane, John B. Thompson, W. W. Ir-
w n, Sprigg, Mattocks, Stecnrod, Daniel, and
Riggs.
Committee on Patents —Messrs. R. McClellan,
Cranston, Gerry, Ramsey, and Arrington.
Committee on Public Buildings and t> rounds—■
Mes.sis. Boardman, WarJ, Cranston, Bowne, and
Sumter.
Committee on Revhal and Unfinished Business.—■
Messrs. Eastman, Beeson, C. A. Floyd, Jack, and
Mattocks.
Commitlee on Accounts.—Messrs. Marchand,
Yorke, Caty, Staley JM. Claike, and Joseph L.
William';.
Committee on Mileage.—Messrs. Thomas W.
Williams, John C. Edward.-, Wcstbrook, Egbert,
and Black.
The fol'oving committees of the fost session
ho! 1 over for thi-,:
C'.m.niifc" on the Expenditures in the Stale Depart-
ment.—Me-s"-\ Vail Suren, Hudson, O.iver, Brock-
v.-ay, and one v-"0.anev.
Committee on ihe Expendi'ures in the Treasury De-
partment.—Messrs. A. Liwrence Fosier, Samson
Mason, Paltidse, Isasc D. Jones, and James Irvin,
Committee on Expenditures in the War Depart-
ment.—Messrs. MrK>y, Newhard, Gamble, Rey-
nolds, and Birds-yp.
Committee on Expenditures in the Navy Depart-
ment—Messrs. Yorke, S.mor.ton, Burden, Alexan-
der H. B. Sio.irt, and Green.
Committee on Expenditures in tke Post Office De-
partment.— Messrs. Lo vei', Morgan, Washington,
Boyd, and Lace.
Committee on Expenditures on the Public Build-
ings—Messrs. Cave Johnson, Gates, Bidlack,
Stokely, and Houck.
Joint Committee on the Librjky.
On the part of the House.—Messrs. Tillinghast,
Aycrigg, and Sumter.
