42
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On the part of the Senate.—Messrs, Wood bridge'
Tappan, and Choate.
Select Committees.
On National Foundry—Messis. Wm. C. John-
son," Samson Mason, King, Randolph, Maliory,
Hunt, Keim, Parmenter, amypave Johnson.
On National Printing Office —Messrs. Wise,
Everett, Samson Mason, Gentry, and Black.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN presented the peti-
tion of sixly hatteis, of Philadelphia, praying that
the duty recently imposed on foreign furs be re:
pealed: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
ABOLITION.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and said, as the standing
committees had been appointed, and as thiswas a
short session, he would move that the President's
message be taken up for reference.
Mr. ADAMS objected; the business in order be-
ing his resolution to rescind the 21st rule, on
which, for three previous days of the session, the
House had refused to order the main quesiisn.
Mr. FILLMOEiE urged the necessity of refer-
ring the President's message; and observed that the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
would come up when the message was disposed of,
Mr. ADAMS persisted in his objection.
Mr. WM. C03T JOHNSON said, if the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Massachusetts was
thus to obstruct the public business, he would move
that it be laid upon the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNEON called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, resulted—yeas 106,
nays 102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. LandalTW. Andiews, Arrington, Atherton,
Barton, Bceson, Bullack, Black, Buwue, DoyJ, Milton Brown,
Charles Breton, Buvke, William [lutlpr, William O. ISuIIct,
Oreen VV. Caldwell, Patrick <!. Caldwell, John Campbell,
Wm. B.Campbell, Thomaa J. Campbell, Cariuliers, Cary,
Casey, Clifford, Clinton, Mai k A Cooper, Cr«?s, Darnel, Wean,
Deberry, Boan, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Charles A. Floyd,
Fomance, Gamble, Gerry, Gilmer, Go™in, Wm. O. Goo>,
Harris, Hastings, Hays, llolmes, Hopkins, [Sonde, Houston,
Hubard, Charles J Ingersoll, Jark, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac 1). Jones. Keim, Abraham Mc-
Clellan, McKay, Maliory, Marcliand, Thomas F. Marshall,
Mathews, Medlll, MU-nwetlier, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, New-
liard, Owsley, X'avne, Peaice, 1'ickens, Plumer, Pope,Powell,
Rayner, Reding, Ilencher, Reynolds, Kigss, lingers, Saumlcis,
Shaw, Shepperd, William Smith, Snyder, Sotlcis, Sprigg,
Steenrod, Summers. Sumter, -Hweney, Taliaierrn. John It.
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tnplett, Turney, Van Uureu,
Ward, Warren, Washington, Watterson, Wellor, Westbrook,
Christopher L. Williams, Joseph f. Williams, Wise, and
Wood.—100.
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Amhows, Ar-
nold, Aycriiig, Babeock, ttaker, Barnard, ftiriisoe, !>lair,
lioardman, Roideri, Bolls, Bicwster, Bnjrss, lliockway, Jiion-
son, Joromiah Brown, Bnrnell, Callioui), Cnittemlen, J. C. Clark,
S aley N. Clarke, James Coopei. Cnweu, C'l.inflon.Ciavcn-*,
Cusbmir, G.-irreU Dav-is, R 1} Davis, Doig, John Edwards,
£;rber£,"Everett, Ferns, FesSenden. Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Giddinss Patnek G Cootie, (Gor-
don, Gianger, Hall, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt,
Joseph R. ln?ersoll, James Irvtn, W. W. Irwin, James, John
P.Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, Lane, Lmn, Littlefield. I.oweii,
Robert McChdlan, McKennan, MrKeon, Alfred Maishall,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattock's. Maxwell, Maynaid, Mor-
gan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Pannenter. Patrul^e, Pendle-
ton, Ramsey, iinnjamin Randall, Itead, Rideway. Rodney,
Roosevelt, Wm. Russell, James M. llu^ell, Salstoi^tall,
Slade,|Ti uman Smith, Stanly. Stokely, Snatton, Alexander
II. II. Stuart, Richard W. Thompson, Tilll.'shast, Toland,
Torahnson, Trumbull, Van Renssebi'r, Wallace, Joseph L.
White, Wintbrop. Yorke, and John Young—102.
The resolution was, therefore, laid on ihs table.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE—THE EX-
CHEQ.UER.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted the moti n which
he had before intimaied his desire to offer. It was
in the following terms:
Resolved, That much of the Piesident''-- armu;d menage
ami accompdnyi'ig documcn's as retates to our infermursc
with fori'isn nation.*, be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Afiasrs.
That somucti thereof as relates to the tin.isury anjl financial
ronceros of the Gov&inment, including the ex^beq-ier plan
and the tariff, be refened to the Committee of Way* and
Means.
That so much thereof as relates to the warehousing sy?tem,
be referred toth^ Coinmiueeon Commerce,
That so much thereof ag relate* to the r*rrny and military
defences of t!ie couuuy, be teft-rajd to tlu-Comimueo on Mi!
itary AOairs
That so much thereof as rHarcf to the public land-:, be re-
ferred to the Con.mi'fee nn Public J^ands.
Tuat so much thereof as lciatcs to the novy r„nd mi'-itune
defences of the cour.try, be refeired to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
That so much ibeieof a« relates to th* Post Office Drpart
ment, be refeired to th° Committee- on the Po«t (Xlke ami Pa*'
Roadfl.
That so much thereof as relates i> the reimbursing a fine mi
posed on General .Tack^ou at New Oi 'pans he reloi'r ej to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PICKENS suggested to the gentleman from
New York the propriety of amending his resolu-
tion, so as to move that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the President's message.
A practice had grown up, which had subverted the
old order of things; but he hoped the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means would take
such steps Rt would bring the House, back to the
good old Republican custom of responding to the
President's message.
Mr. FJLLMORE said the reason why he had
not moved to go into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the President's message
was, because the experience of the last few years
had shown that such a course was only to waste a
large portion of the time of the session with a de-
bate resulting in nothing. For two or three ses-
sions, th° President's message was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and he believed at one of those sessions the mes-
sage never came cut of the committee, and was not
referred to the standicg committees for their con-
sideration. In consequence, at the last session the
message was taken up in the Heuse, and referred
to the committees. The utility of that course
was lelt at that time, when they were commencing
a long session; but the propriety of it, he thought,
was much greater now, when they were com-
mencing a short session.
Mr. PICKENS said the experience of the House
was directly against the motion of the chairman of
the Committee of Wa.s and Mean?. If they
agreed to a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole, the object would be a general discussion,
which must take place on some qutstion; and, if
it took place now, at an early period of the ses-
sion, the House would be then prepared for effi-
cient legislation. It wrs well known that hardly
any business was ever done before the holydajs;
and, therefore, if the President's message were now
refericd to the Committee of the Whole, gentlemen
could express their views in defence of, or reply
to, the topics of the message; ana ihe Bouse would
be then ready for business, Tnis course, il rnnst
be obvious, would expedite the public business.
He thought this was t'ae more appropriate mode,
and that the chai'man of the Committee of Ways
and Means would find its adoption the best policy.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said, as this was to he a
short session, it would be better to refer the differ-
ent portions of the message to the committees; ar.d
those members of the House who desired to ma'-o
speeches upon it would have time to mature their
views, ant! the <2if.cuff.ion would then be interest-
ing. If, however, there were any gentlem?n that
would n.-c cn that floor and say they were atix
ieusto go into a discussion of the message geu-r-
ally, he, for one, as far as his vote would ?o, would
go against the previous question; but, if there was
no gentiemsn anxious to go into such a disca^'ion,
he (Mr. Johnson) would vote for the propf-siuon of
the chairman of the Committee of Wajs a-;d
Means, considering it the wisest conr?e to pursue,
especially at a short session.
Mr. CUSKiNGr inquired if there was any, and
what, disposition to be taade of that part of the
message respecting the proposed amendment of
the laws relating to the Treasary Department.
Mr. FILLMORE ;.a<d there was, and that it w.->s
proposed to refer that portion of the message to the
Committee of Wajs and Mean?.
Mr. CUSEUNG- said he shoul! propose that
that por'ion of the message b  referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the s'a'e of the Union; and
his reason ?as, that, by She ru'e; of the House, the
bills of the last s^s-ien were on'inoed to 'hi--; and
thai uruonget ihose bills, there ossofe on th   c =! 1-
end-r on this very subjpc i. His anxious w.' h was
—he did not know In? far the House weu'd par-
tiripa'e wnh bim—that the House should rer.ch
this  nl.]? -t r.« soon as possible, that the coun'ry
rr.tghl l:n vv whether there wa< any prospect c,f a
favorable dispt siiion of it. The amM expeditious
and ti.e fairest way was to take up '.he bill now on
the cal-n.'.ar, at Ihe ear'iest moment, arid in antici-
pation of the ordin-ry bills of the session from the
Comtmi'tee of Ways and Meara, and to associate
therewiih the portion of the President's message to
which he had alluded; and the House could then
proceed to the discussion and consideration of that
question, in relation to which there was so much
expectation throughout the country.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motioa
of the gentleman from South Carolina [IVIr. Pick-
ens] to refer the message to the Committee of the
Whole Hsuse; and it was negatived.
The Clerk again read the propositisns of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
which it was suggested should be acted upon sepa-
rately.
When the motion for the reference of so much
of the President's message as related to the Treas-
ury Department eame up in order, (the preceding
proposition having been agreed to,) _
Mr. CUSHING renewed his motion for a divi-
sion of the resolution, so that the portion he had
specified, and for the reasons he had given, might
go to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FILLMORE said the motion of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts had been put upon a
ground which was not tenable. He (Mr. Fill-
more) had no desire to throw any obstacles in the
way, for, on the contrary, he regretted ihat the
subject was not discussed at the last session. The
bill, however, was now on the calendar as one of
the orders of the day, and, therefore, it would be ia
order any day to move to go into committee oil
that bill. The reference of the message, as he pro-
posed, would throw obstacles in the way of
tha gentleman from Massachusetts; for that bill
was by no means the plan of the Executive Depart-
ment. Tnis psrt of the President's message then
might be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and the House might still go on with the
consideration of the bill.
Mr. CUSHING said, if the plan of the gentle-
man from New York, for the simultaneous con-
sideration of the message and the bill by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the Committee of
the Whole, were agreed to, and he (Mr. Cushino)
should move to-morrow to go into committee on
the bill, he should be met with the cry of "Oh !
wait; for this matter is in the hands of a standing
committee; wait until we get their report." The
gentleman's coursc was an ill.gical one.
If they referred this subjret to a standing com-
mittee, notwithstanding the bill was before the
House, they must expect to get something from,
that committee. Bat, suppose he was not encoun-
tered with this objection, on moving to go into
Committee of the Whole; in that committee
he should be encountered with the objection,
that this matter wss in the hands of a
standing committee, and that that committee
would give them a report which ought to be
received and considered before this subject was
disposed of; and there would thus be an impedi-
ment to the despatch of this bill.' But, for a fur-
ther reason, what was the precise object of
the gentlemsn's motion? There was in Com-
mittee of the Whole a matured bill, which
hsd been before the House and the country
for ii'aily a year; but the gentleman from
NeVYoik said that was not the iden'ical plan of
the Executive, nor the precise scheme recommended
by the President's mes.-age. Now, it was imma-
terial whether there was more or less difference;
it wis a bill reported by a committee, to whom a
similar recommendat on was submitted; and he
urged upon the House to follow out that course.
The Hou~e, at the last session, referred this mat-
ter to a committee of the friends of the measure, and
they aehbera'ed and reported this bill to the House;
and now, what was it the gentleman from New
York proposed? Did he propose to refer it to a
committee of the friends of thp measure? If he
were proposing to refer it lo a commitiee of the
friends of the measure, he would be performing a
iv.-rk of supeieregvicD, for ihey had before them
the ideas of such a committee. What, then, was
'he object of ihe gentleman? Was it to refer it to
its enemies tint it might be crushed ^nd damned?
Was that the gentleman's obj"cf! If it were, he
(Mr. Coshikg) submitted that the course proposed
was not a just or a fair one; it was against the
ru'es of all fair proceedings, as laid down in the
books on parliamentary law; and he therefore ad-
hered to his original views, and to a course which
