r
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
was both straightforward and equitable. He hoped
the House would refer this portion of the message
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, that they might proceed to its consideration
with the bill now in the committee.
Mr. PICKENS was disposed to favor the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cosh-
ing,] as he wished to give ihe A !ministration a fair
hearing before the country on this great measure,
upon which they had staked themselves. He was
willing that ihe reference should be made to the
Committee of the Whole, where a full discussion
might be had upon its merits. Hs thought it due
to the President, and but an act of fairness and
jastice. He was opposed to its going to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, although he was a
member of that committee; not because they were
its enemies, (as the gentleman from Massachusetts
had said,) for of that he knew nothing; but be-
cause he desired the friends of the President, who
were here in a minority, to have ample scope for a
fair appeal to the country upon a measure to which,
as he understood it now, he (Mr. P.) was utterly
opposed. He did not know what shape it would
assume; but he could not go for the principles of a
measure which looked to making Government pa-
per, as a permanent system, for circulation.
Mr. EVERETT was very desirous that the plan
of the Executive should have a fair examination.
It had been referred to a committee of its friends,
and they damned it; and he now wished it to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and he should have no objection that they be in-
structed to report the bill of the Executive, that a
direct vote might betaken upon it.
Mr. CHARLES J. INGERSOLL, after a few
remarks, which were inaudible at the reporter's
desk, observed that he wished to give this measure
the direction which its friends preferred; but he first
desired to know from the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Cushinq,] whether there was any
difference between ihe bill reported by the select
committee at the last session, and the plan reported
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and recom-
mended by the President; and, if so, in what the
difference consisted.
Mr. CUSHING said that that was one of those
questions which could not be answered by yes or
no; it must be answered by a statement cf facts;
and, if the1 House would permit him, he would
make such an explanation as he doubted not would
be satisfactory to the gentleman.
Mr. INGERSOLL wished to know whether the
plans were the same in principle.
Mr. CUSHING said that he would be glad to
answer that question, if the House would permil
him. No objection being made, Mr. C. went 011
to say, that the bill recommended by the President,
and ihe one reported by the select committee, were
substantially the same in proposing a certain plan
of finance. They differed, however, in two pomts;
and these were in rega'd to the proportion the bills
to be issued are to bear to the specie on hand, and
in regard to exchanges. The hill of the House
allowed the issue only of not"s, dollar for dollar of
specie on hand; while the plan of ths Secretary of
the Treasury allowed ihe issue oi three dollar* of
notes for every dollar of sp.-cie. A?,ain: the bill
of the select committee excluded aH dealings in
exchange, except such ss might be ordered by the
Secretary of the Treasury, for ihe purposes o( the
Government; while the Treasury plan proposed 10
authorize the dealing in exchanges.
Mr. BOTTS called Mr. C. to order, on th-
ground that he was going into the merit: of the
question.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had been permi'ted, by the general
consent of the House, to make an explanation in
detail; and that, therefore, he had a right to go on.
Mr. CUSHING observed that he had explained
what the two material differences were in the two
exchequer bills; and he would only add that there
were a few other differences, which were questions
merely of maehin"ry, details, &e.
Mr. C J. INGERSOLL expres-ed his thpnks In
the gentleman from Massachivetts for giving him
all the explanation he de,sired. He would then say
that he would vote for the reference to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means of the Presidents pro-
ject, as he was decidedly and immovably opposed
to it; but he had no objection to the reference of
the bill of the select committee to the Committee
of the Whole House-, because h° believed that
something might be made of it. He was opposed
to it for another reason: he was opposed to any
treasury plan that originated with the Executive;
for he thought it high time that this House should
resume the right, of which it had divested itself, of
beginning such matters here.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman from New York, so as to commit
the subject te the Committee of Ways and Means,
with instructions to report a bill in strict conformity
with the plan of finance presented by the Secretary
of the Treasury at the last session, and recom-
mended by the President; and also that the com-
mittee report their opinion whether.said bill ought
to pass.
Mr. HOLMES expressed his astonishment that,
on a measure which, of all others, r?quired the
most mature deliberation—a measure which was
proposed for remedying all the evils which have
afflicted the country, and a measure which, if it
should ever come up for discussion, would draw lo
it all the financial ability and the acumen of the
greatest minds in the House—a proposiiion should
be made, by way of instructions, which was to
decide it at once. He was decidedly opposed to
the motion, as, in principle, it violated all the es-
tablished practices of the House. He wished a de-
cision on this important subject to be made after
a free and ample discussion, and not in advance,
by giving instructions to a committee.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON preferred a reference to
the Committee of the Whole, for the simple reason
that the bill and message should go to the same
committee. If the reference should be matle to the
Committee of the Whole, it would be then in the
power of the gentleman from Vermont to move to
refer the plan of the Select Committee to the Com-
mittee of the Whole; and thus the two plans could
be under discussion at the same time, and the one
selected that might be found to be the most de-
sirable.
In regard to the exchequer scheme, he thought
iheie should be some decision on it, one way or
other, before the close of the session.
Mr. CUSHING here modified his motion, so as
to strike out ihe second resolution of Mr. Fh.l-
more, and insert his amendment as a substitute.
Mr. EVERETT then observed that it would
then be in order for him to move to amend the
original resolution before it was stricken out, and
he therefore offered his amendment at this time.
Mr. WISE observed that the motion of the «en-
tleman from Vermont struck him as a singular
mo.le of offering an amendment. At the very
moment, said Mr. W., we are for referring
the matter to a committee, for the purpose of
considering and reporting which plan of finance is
the besi, the gentleman fiom Vermont was for de-
ciding it at once, by instructing the Committee of
W.ijs and Means t.i take one particular plan, and
110 oiher. Instead of deliberating on this important
question, the gentleman proposed lhat they should
dispense with delib-r-ttion; and ye', forsoo'h, h1
did not propose lo offer any opinion 011 ihe
subject. It he wanted to mike experiments
on ihis body, why not put it at once into the
receiver, as propo<ed by hi* friend from Ma'-sa-
chus.itti! r€he gentleman could best accomplish
his objects by concurring in the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, and going into a dis-
cussion of ihe subject in Committee cf the Whole.
Gentlemen seemed to have waked up, all at on.-o,
to the exchequer bill. This time twelve months
ago, th^ President reco.nmenneJ the exchequer
plan; and it was (patliamentary law being, in lh?t
instance, ob;ervrd) referred to a committee of its
friends, under the vain hope that lh°y never would
be able to agree upon a report. A report, how-
ever—and an elaborate one, too—was made; and
from that time lo this, no further action had been
had on it. We do not (said Mr W.) ask you to
adopt the plan of ihe select commi'tee; but we do
say that it is just as good a nucleus—just as good
a foundation to build on—as any that could be pro-
posed, unless gentlemen wished lo mature a plan
out of ihe House, instead of in the House. He
cared not, personally, how this subject was disposed
of; but he submiited to the House that the "views
presented by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
urging the justice and propriety of considering in
Committee of the Whole the report of the select
committee of the last session, was the most condu-
cive to the despatch of business.
Mr. EVERETT remarked that the gentleman
seemed to suppose that there was danger lest the
Committee of Ways and Means should form a
bill out of the House. He had n© apprehension
of any such danger. The; only plan that would
be reported, would be that of the Executive. He
thought that the Executive had no! been fairly
dealt by, and had reason to complain. Therefore
he wished the plan cr exchequer system of the
President to be brought before the House for its
action.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON suggested that, if it
was the object of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Everett] to bring the House to a test at
once, he had betler modify his proposition, by
moving to instruct the Committee of the Whole,
instead of the Committee of Ways and Means.
The committee might report the bill; and if there
was a majority for it, in one hour it might be
passed. Yet he (Mr. J.) was not anxious to force
others to a decision at once. He had not himself
examined the plans and reports, except that of the
Secretary of the Treasury, for which he might be
inclined to give his vote, if for either."
After some conversation between Messrs. EV-
ERETT and JOHNSON,
Mr. PICKENS inquired whether he was to un-
derstand ihe gentleman from Vermont as moving
to instruct the committee to report the bill prepared
by the select committee of last session, or that by
the Secretary < f (be Treasury.
Mr. EVERETT said that he meant th'c bill of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. PICKENS remarked that, if so, by voting
for the instructions proposed by the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] he should be con-
strued as having committed himself in favor of
Ihe measure. (Cries of No.) Gentlemen might
think otherwise; but such he imagined would be
the inference from the House journals twenty
years hence.
The SPEAKER suggested lhat there was no in-
stance of the Committee of the Whole having been
instructed to report a particular bill. It was the
custom of the Committee of the Wtjole to report
bills which had previously come from thestanding
or select committees of the House.
Mr McICENNAN rose to appeH lo the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Everett] to withdraw
his amendment to the resolution of reference. He
saw no good lhat could be answered by such posi-
tive instructions to the Committee of Ways and
Means. Tnat committee would have the whole
subject before them, and he thought their hands
should not be bound. Hs was in favor of giving
Ihem an opportunity lo ms>kea leport.
Mr. J. G. FLOYD, after an inquiry as to the
question before the House, proceeded to say that,
as h? understood the pailiamentary rule, it was
cu-tomary lhat propositions from the Executive
shou'd be referred to committees frieffdly to their
adoption. Indeed, this was the only practicable
method of legislation. Now, this was a proposi-
tion lo refer the recommendations con'airied in the
message of the President to !he Committee of Ways
and Means—a committee which was well under-
stood to be unfavorable to their adoption. He was
opposed to this course; neither did* he think it just
lo instruct the comnoit'ee to report the idemical
measure formerly recommended by the President.
The more proper course was, to refer lhatpart of the
mess, ge relating to the exchequer plan to a com-
mittee of its friend', who would give it the fairest
consideration, and bring out every argument in its
favor.
He would refer the House to a passage in the
sptee.h of a former distinguished member, which
contained, as he concaved, the proper doctrine.
This speech was piade by the Hon. John Bell, at
the commencement of the first session of the
