CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4&
IN SENATE.
Tdesdat, December 13, 1842.
Mr. Conrad, of Louisiana; Mr. Choate, of
Massachusetts; and Mr. McRcbbets, ol Illinois,
appeared in their seats lo-day.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate the petition of Benjamin Franklin, praying for
a naval pension: referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
Also laid before the Senate s communication
from Charles P. Mayer of Baltimore, covering a
copy of the proceedirgs of a meeting held in that
city, of the claimants for indemnity for spoliations
committed by the French prior to 1800; which was
referred lo the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also laid before the Senate a communication
from the Navy Department, in compliance with
the joint resolution of Congress of 29th May,
1830, enclosing a letter from the Commissioner of
Penvions, containing a list of the names of per?ons
who have applied for relief under the naval pen-
sion laws, and whose claims were rejected, and ihe
reasons for rejecting the same; which was, on mo-
tion of Mr. BAYARD, ordered to b-; printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from Alexander Vattemare, in relation to certain
documents printed by order of the Chamber of
Peers of France, and by them ordered to be trans-
mitted to the Senate of the United States.
On motion of Mr. WOODBURY, referred to the
Committee on the Library, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from the
Board of Common Coancil of the city of Alex-
andria, praying certain amendments to their char-
ter; which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. KERR, it was
Ordered, That the papers of Francis Coze an be taken fiom
ihe files of the Senate, and refeirei! to the Committee oil the
Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York,
fraying Congress to pass a law adopting the ware-
housing system as a part of the revenue system.
Mr. W. remarked lhat the memorial, coming from
practical merchants, no doubt contained many
suggestions which might be valuable to Conarens
in its action upon this subject; ho therefore moved
that it be printed, and referred lo the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the Senator from
New York would withdraw ihe motion for refer-
ence for the present. The warehousii;g system
was a subjcct of gteai importance, and, primarily,
was a subject of commercial polir.y, and not of
finance; and should therefore, when referred, go to
the Commitlee on Commerce. He hoped the Sen-
ator would let the matter be printed, and leave
the quesiion of reference for future consideration
Mr. WRIGHT had no objection to ihe course
suggested; and the question of reference was post-
poned until after the document ihall have been
printed.
BOARD OF EXCHEQUER.
Mr. TALLMADGE, cgreeably to notice, and
on leave, introduced a bill amendatory of the sev-
, eral acts establishing the Treasury Department;
which was read twice, and ordered to be printed;
and,
On the further motion of Mr. T., who said the
bill was piecisely of the same character as that in-
troduced by him at the lavt session, it was post-
poned till Tuesday two weeks, and made the spe-
cial order for lhat day.
THE PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
The President's message was then taken up, and
referred as follows:
On motion by Mr. EVANS, so much as rela'ed
to finance was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
On moiion by Mr. ARCHER, so much as re-
lated to foreign affairs to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Oa motion by Mr. LINN, so much as ielated to
improvements in the Western waters to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
. On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, so m«ch
as rela'ed to commerce and navigation to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On moiion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana," so much
as related to the public domain to the Committee
on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, so much as re-
lated to naval affairs to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, so much
as rela'ed to military affairs to the Committee on
Military Affairs; aud
On motion by Mr. WHITE, so much as related
to Indian affairs to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition from Com-
mander Charles Ridgely, praying that certaid al-
lowances may be mads to him in the settlement of
his accounts in the Navy Department; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Messrs EVAN3, LINN, GRAHAM,CHOATE,
FULTON, and KING, severally gave notice that
they would, on to-m.rrow, ask leave to introduce
certain bill?.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial from Eliza-
beth Lawson, only child and heir of the late Gen.
E. W. Ripley, praying the payment of the amount
of a certain verdict obtained against the Unit'd
States by her father: referred to Ihe Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing the establishing of a post tome from Wash-
ington, Pennsylvania, to Steubenville, Ohio: refer-
red to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
• BILLS INTRODUCED ON LEAVE.
Mr. GRAHAM, agreeably to notice, and on
leave, introduced a bill fur the relief of Sialker &
Hill; which was read twice, and referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PORTER, agreeably to notice, and on
leave, introduced a bill relating to the offices of
surveyors general of the Slates of Ohio, Indiana,
and Michigan; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRAHAM, agreeably to notice, and on
leave, introducfd ihe following joiat re;olutior>;
which was read, and hid over for the present,
viz:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
i ohucij t'lf;,) That the following be added to the joint rules or
the two Utiust'f
Whenever a claim against the United Stages, of any descrip-
tion, has been, or shall be, presented to either House, and re-
ferred (o a committee, and such committee shall have made a.
leport hi writing against the allowance of the claim, and (ho
same shall have been concurred in by such House, it shall not.
he m order lo revive the consideration of such claim in that
House, at die same or any future session of Congiess, either by
bill, resolution, petition, or otlu rwisr; except upon a memorial
of the claimant first veiling forth, upon affidavit, that he has
discovered now evidence in support of lm claim hincc the de-
cision againat it, and a statement of the substance of such evi-
dence; or, second, assigning specific erroisinlhe report of the
committee adverse to it, and a ct-uiikate of a membtn of that
House that ho believes that the former decision was erroneous
-iK charged in naid mcmor'al. Promdul, That an order dis-
<.harems a committee fiom the fuuher consideration of a claim,
shall in nowise require compliance with the rule.
BANKRUPT LAW.
The resolution introduced some days ago by Mr.
Tallmadqe:, instructing ihe Committee on ihe Ju-
diciary to inquire into Ihe propriety of calling on
the Secretary of Siaie to elicit from the Judiciary
department, f-nci report to Congress at its next ses-
sion, ali the information that might be obtained as
to ihe operation of the bankrupt act, came up in
its order; when
Mr. KING said it apppared to him shat, if they
ww to wait for the information called for by tbN
resolution, the whole scs.-ion would probably bo
consumed before ihey could act upon the subject
of the repeal of that law. A very great delay in
procuring the information sought for would be in-
evitable; and the matter would necessarily go ever
to the nexl fe^sion of Congress. He asked if it
was the design of the honorable Senator to give the
matter the go-by, :n this manner, until ihe next
session? Such, in his (Mr. King's) opinion, would
be the effect of the adoption of this resolution; and
he could not, Iherefore, vote for it in its present
form.
Mr. TALLMADGE said, in presenting ths res-
olution, he had designed it as a resolution of inqui-
ry, for in'ormation to be laid 'Before the Judiciary
Committee at the next session. That was the
original form of the resolution; but, at the sugges-
tion of some honorable gentlemen, that the infor-
mation had better be obtained as speedily as possi-
ble, he had modified it in accordance with those
suggestions. He did not anticipale any such delay
as the honorable Senator from Alabama seensed to
apprehend. He thought it was very important that
the information should be obtained. If the Senate,
however, should consider it desirable to proceed
without it, it would be equally in their power to do
so as if the resolution bad not been passed. He
hoped, therefore, that there would be no objection
to its adoption.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said there was one partic-
ular in ihe resolution which appeared to him some-
what objectionable, inasmuch as it would lead to a
very voluminous report, as it required from the
Secrelary of Sta'e a report of all the points which
have been decided by the courts under the late
bankrupt act. That seemed to him to be a
matter for the employment of lawyers, rather
than for the consideration of the Senate. The
report would be a very costly one, and a very
useless one, as far as the public were con-
cerned. He considered, nevertheless, it was im-
portant that they should possess the information
called for by the resolution, whether the law were
repealed at this session or not; aid he would there-
fore vote for ths re^o'ution, indulging, at the same
time, ihe anticipation that the law would be re-
pealed; for he was well convinced that the public
opinion was agamst it especially in his own State.
There had been strong indications in tfcat State
that ihe public opinion was against it. As for
himself, he had supposed that a temporary bank-
rupt law was better suited to the condition of tbe
country than a permanent sysiem, and had conse-
quently preferred originally a bill limited in point
of duration. This bill had had a limi'ed duration,
and it had accomplished, in his opinion, the pur-
poses of humanity. He desired to be informed
what number had been relieved by it. That there
had been abuses, he had no doubt, as must be the
case in the operation of all human laws. This being
the case, and op-nion prevailing very much against
Ihe la-.v, he should feel himself constrained to vote
for its repeal. Yet he was perfectly willirg to vote
for this resolution, provided it were amended so as
to prevent the necessity for procuring a voluminous
repot t of the various points argued and determined
under ihe operation of the law.
Mr. TALLMADGE said the resolution did not
call for arguments of the court, or details of opin-
ion on Ihe various penis ciccie'ed; but simply the
points ihemselycs. The law officers, no doubt,
would give these in the most concise form. He
had inserted in the resolution the words "points
decided;" and, in doing so, he meant to have ex-
cluded opinions and decisions in detail. He would
not then detain the Senate m any discussion as to
whether the law had fulfilled its humane objects,
or as to whether public opinion was in favor of
its repeal; but when the subject again came up for
consideration, he would show thr.l, wherever its
practical opeiation was known a?d felt, the law
did not meet with public disapprobation; so far
from it, many who were opposed to its passage,
having witnessed its practical operation, had come
to bs decidedly in favor of it.
Mr. BERRIEN suggested to the Senator from
New York [iVS.\ Tallmadge] the propriety of ac-
cepting the modification recommended by the
Senator from Keniucky, [Mr. Crittenden.] He
conceived the object which his friend from New-
York had in view would be fully attained by the
call on the judicial officers for information relative
to the number and decisions of cases acted upon.
Those officers cannot m^ke the required reports
without adverting to the points of decision.
He (Mr B.)was desirous that the Senator from
New York should accept the proposed modifica-
tion of the resolution, because it would certainly
simplify the inquiry, and facilitate the making of
the reports. It was of great importance to obtain,
as speedily as possible, ihe fullest information in
relation to the actual operation of the law. For,
