46
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
besidts the advocates of lhat measure, and those
not originally its advocates, but now desirous of
its continuance, thers are many who are in favor of
a permanent bankrupt law,who do not approve of the
present act, and are anxious to have some considera-
ble modifications mad;—such as its practical opera-
tion may have suggested the necessity of. It was for
the purpose of enabling such persons to present
their views upon information promptly furnished,
and without being subjected to the delay which
■would arise from the effects of the resolution in its
original form, that he wibhed to see it modified ac-
cording to the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. TALLMADGE said he would accept the
modification suggested.
The resolution, as modified, was then read.
Mr. BERRIEN suggesied a further modification,
in effect requiring the Secretary of State to report
to Congress, from time to time, the repoits and le-
sponses to the jesolution, as soon as received by
him.
This modification was also accepted; and the
resolution, as modified, was then read as follows,
and adopted:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of State do communicate, with
all convenient despatch, with thojndioial officers of the United
States who have ha J the execution of the bankrupt law, and
ascertain irom them the n urn bet 01 applications under the act,
both voluntary and involuntary; the number of discharges; tin*
opinions of the judges as to any amendments or modifications
of the act; and such other information as he may deem neces-
sary to show the etTccts and operations of the act; and that lie
report the same to the Senate, fiom time to time, as soon as the
information shall be received.
CORPS OF REPORTERS.
Mr. BAYARD submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was read, viz:
Resolved, That :hc Secretary of the Senafe bo, and lie ii
hereby, authorized and directed to employ a coips of reporters,
not exceeding five m number, for the residue of the piesent
session, and at the commencement of each succeeding bession
of Congress, to report the proceedings and snhsfanco of the de-
bates of the Senate, who shall beewomor affumed faithfully
to discharge the duties of their efhee, and ©hull be allowed a
compensation, to be paid out of the fund for contingent ex
penses, not exceeding sixty dollars per week for the principal
reporter, and fifty dollars pei week for each of the others. The
business of reporting shall he no conducted, that the fritue ie-
port of the proceedings and debates of each day shall, within
three hours after the adjournment, be placed in the hands of
the printer. Tho publication of the report ahull be committed
to the publishers of such one of the dailypapers as will en
gage, free from all chaige, jbt>i, to'pubhsh the entire leport in
their daily paper; teca/idly, to furnish proof slips thereof to any
other paper in the Distuctof Columbia; and, thirdly, u> An-
nish two copies of the leport for the use of each member of the
Senate, and live copies lor tho office of the tfcciotary of the
Senate, by 9 o'clock on the onaoin<j moniimc
Resolved, That a seat on thetiooi of the Senate shall be as-
signed to the reporter actually on duty, by the I'lcsidcnt of the
Senate.
Mr. RAY^iiD said that the resolution was fhe
same as that introduced by him at the las;/ tcs ion.
He then gave his opinions at large on the ptopri-
ety of its passage, which were no doubt remem-
bered, and which weie unnecessary to be repeated.
He did not wish the resolution to be referred as
the subject had been referred twxc—fo select com-
mittee^ and the committee at the la*t session
had fully examined into if, and a report was made
approving the plan, and showing its practical oper-
ations. As the Senate wauhw, he did not desire
to press ihe resolution then. lilies over.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana submitted Ihe following
resolution, which was read and adopted, viz;
Resolved, Thatthe Committee on Road-? and Canals be in-
sliocted to inquire into the expediency of making an appropri-'
ation of a sum sufficient to complete the Cumberland load
through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, upon the mobt
substantial and economical plan, using gravel in lit-uof broken
rock, where the foimer matenal can be piocuied at less ex-
pense than the latter; making said appropriations payable by
annual instalments to the several Slates, &o as to insuie contin-
uous operations, and surrendering the road to them, binding
them to complete and keep the same in lepair, levying
no more tolls than may be necesf-aiy foi that puipose.
Resolved, further, That said committee be instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of adopting the turnpike road from
Springfield, Ohio, to Dayton, and fiora thence, via Maton, to the
Indiana Slate line, as a part of tho Cumberland road- Provided,
Said turnpike road can be obtained on terms to justify the same,
taking into consideration the increase of distance and probable
cost of completing the old route, as compared with the sum for
which the turnpike already completed mav be obtained.
EXPUNGING RESOLUTION.
The resolution of Mr. BAYARD to rescind the
expunging resolution, came up in order on the cal-
endar of business.
Mr. BAYARD said he was not desirous to take
lip the resolution for consideration at that time, as
the Seiiaie was not fu!), and as ihe Smator irom
M Ksouri, [Mr. Benton.,] who pri posed an amend-
ment, was not in his place. He therefore preferred
lhat it should be laid on the table for the pres-
ent. The resolution was accordingly laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. PULTON, the papers of
Ephraim D. Dixon were ordered to be taken frc-m
the files, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill introduced by Mr. Benton, for the re-
peal of the bankrupt law, came up in order as in
committee of the whole.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that it be postponed un-
til to-morrow, as the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Bisnton] was not in his seat. The question was
put, and the fcsiion was agreed to.
Mr. G. gave noticr, that when the bill again
c me up for consideration, he would move to
amend it, by striking out all after the fifih line, and
inseriing the following; which was ordered to be
printed, viz:
"Provided, nevertheless, That all petitions in bankruptcy
instituted before the first day of the present session of Congress
shall proceed to hearing and determination m the same man-
ner, andundoi the same rules, regulations, and restrictions, as
if the act aforesaid had not been repealed."
On motion by Mr. MOREHEAD,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 13, 1842.
The proceedings of the House this day wre
opened with a prayer from the Rev. SeptimcsTus-
ton, the chaplain of the Senate. The minutes of
es'erday were ihen read and approved-
On the motion of Mr. FILLMORE, t' e Com-
mittee of Wajs and Means were authorized to cm-
ploy a clerk.
DIGEST OP LAWS.
On the motion of Mr J. R INGfERSOLL, the
Judiciary Committee was authorized to inquire in-
to the expediency of the Clerk of the House sub-
icribina- for a limited number of Gordon's Digest
of ihe Laws of the United States, and of the Rev-
enue Laws.
PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BOTTS rose, as he observed, to a question
of privilege. He said he held in his hand a copy
of the d.iily Albany Argus of October 25ih, cen-
laining a letter written and signed by the Hon.
John C. Spencer, a distinguished member of an-
other branch of this Government, as the Secretary
of War. That letter purported to have been writ-
ten, first, for the purpose of furnishing a general
defsnce of the Administration; but particularly for
the justification of the somerset which he (the
writer) had recently turned, and which might bring
him into enviable distinction with any harlequin on
the stage.
Mr. WISE. I ask if my colleague rises to a
privileged question'!
Mr. BOTTS. I do.
Mr. WISE. Then I ask that it may be stated;
for I should like that we should all be heard on the
question.
Mr. BOTTS continued. He would repeat lhat
this letter appeared to have been written for the
general purpose of defending this administration;
also, for the justification of the political somerset
which that Secretary had recently takeD, and which
might bring him inlo envious distinction with any
harlequin.
Mr. CUSHING rose to a question of order.
The SPEAKER was understood to say ihat
the gentleman from Virginia was not strictly m
order.
Mr. WISE said if his colleague was about to
comment on that letter, he would not be in order in
doing so.
Mr. BOTTS continued, without regarding the
interruption, and finished his sentence thus—-but
particularly to operate on the elections which
were about to occur in the State of New York.
Mr. WISE said he would not rise to a question
of order, if anything like equality in attack arid
defence would be entertained; but he m.-de the
point of order, that his colleague was commenting
on a letter which had nothing to do with the busi-
ness of this House. His colleague said he was
aKout to comment on a letter addressed to the peo-
ple at large.
Mr. BOTTS begged his colleague to have a little
patience; he was about to comment on a paragraph
relating to this House, and which contained a foul
calumny, from which he, as a member of this
House, felt bound to purge himself. It was a cal-
umny on him, (Mr. Botts,) and on this House,
which he meant to contradict.
Mr. WISE inquired if he was to understand that
the Speaker entertained that av a question of privi-
lege.
The SPEAKER said he knew not yet what it
was; and he called upon the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Botts] to make his motion, and to state
its ground.
Mr. BOTTS said he found in the letter the two
following paragraph-:
"I may now advert to a fact long known to me, which has
been promulgated in the newspapers of the day, vouched for
by at least one Whig editor, stated by a Representative in Con-
gress from Massachusetts, in a speech lately delivered at New-
buryport, upon authority, and hitherto not denied. Thatfact
is, that previous to returning the second bank bill to Congress
with his objections, in full view of the assaults to be made upon
him, and with the purpose of removing all cause of agitation, as
well as to secme himself against unjust imputations, the Presi-
dent submitted to his then cabinet, whpther he should, m the mes-
sage then about to be transmitted to Congress, announce a resolu-
tion to letirefrom pubiic life at the expiration oi the existing
term, and that, against his doing bo, all the members of the cabi-
net protes'ed, on the ground thai such an annunciation would not
have the effect to produce peace or quiet, but would only change-
the duoction of faction; that no one had a light to expect such a.
step from him, as fie had not been elected President, and n 
obligation existed that should interpose any barrier between
him and a direct vote of the people.
That question he should leave to the members of
the cabinet to answer for themselves; one of whom
IMr. Granger] was then on lhat floor. Then came
the second paragraph, to which he wished to call
th« special attention of the House:
"In connexion, and yet in contrast with the preceding, is-
another fact of an extraordinary character, which, though
known by many, has larely been distinctly promulgated. It is
shadowed in a letter of Mr Ewing's, in the statement by him of a
proposition having beenmade to thePiesiderjt, that the majori-
ty who had passed the first bank bill would consent to postpone
the second to the nextscssion oi Congress, if they could receive
assurances that, m the mean time, no hostile movement would
be made on the partef the President. The full meaning of this
statement has now been developed by the declaration of a mem-
bpr of Congress, that a message was carried fiom the Whig
leaders m Congress to the President, to the effect that if he
would engage not to disturb any members of his then cabinet in
the enjoyment of their oflices, the second bank bill should be
postponed.
"The answer to such a proposition may be easily conceived.
The effect ol that proposition was to prove the identity of the
memhers of thecabmet, who&e places were deemed in jeopardy,
with the hostile members of Congress; and, if the design was
to piecipitate matters, it was most effectual.
"You will require no aid to determine which of the actors iu
these scenes exhibited a lofty, disinterested patriotism, and
which evinced anv tenacity for place or desire for power.
These facts arc full of instruction, and furnish a key to many
mysterious transactions."
Mr. WISE again rose to order. The para-
graphs read by his colleague did not involve a
question of privilege for that House; and he sub-
mitted that question for the consideration of the
Speaker.
The SPEAKER inquired if the gentleman from
Virginia wished to submit a resolution?
Mr. BOTTS replied that he intended to submit
a proposition to the House on this question. Here
was a publication emanating from a high 
Mr. WISE. I call my colleague to order.
The SPEAKER made some observation, which
was not distinctly heard.
Mr. BOTTS mquited whether the Speaker de-
cided that the publication which he had read 
namely, a letter from the Secretary of War, im-
pugning the motives of that House—he had no right
to discuss.
The SPEAKER, The Chair has made no de-
cision. Does ihe gentleman submit a proposi-
tion?
Mr. BOTTS. I submit a proposition for a com-
mittee of inquiry. The Chair is exceedingly rigid;
but I will comply with its exactions.
Mr. WISE. I wish it to be understood that I ob-
ject to entertaining this subject.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN. I object to the reception
of the resolution. [Laughter.]
Mr. BOTTS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That a committee of be appointed to in-
quire into the truth of the charge entertained in the letter of
the Hon. -John 0, Spencer, dated the 2oth October, addressed to
