<50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Mr. BATES, on leave, introduced a bill for re-
funding to Massachusetts the balances doe her for
disDurseoients during the late war with Ore?.! Brit-
ain; which was read twice, and referred to the
Oommii*<>e on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON, on leave, introduced a bill to
repeal the act to p.rnen4 an act approved 23d Au-
gust, 1847, farther supplementary !o the act enti-
tled "An act to establish the judicial system of the
United States;" which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PORTER, on leave, introduced a bill to
amsnd an act entiled "An act to establish the north
em boundary line of the Slate of Ohio, and to pro-
vide for the admission of Michigan mio the Onion,"
approved m 1836; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. KING, on leave, introduced a bill for the
reli>f of Joseph Bryan, Harrison Young, and Ben-
jamin Young; which was read twice, and, with the
papers on the files of the Senate relating to it, re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. GRAHAM, on leave, introduced a bill for
the relief of claimants to indemnity for certain
slaves talien by the British Government from on
board of the American brigs the Comet and Enco-
mium, at Nassau and New Providence; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill to indem-
nify Major General Andrew Jackson for damages
sustained in discharge of his official duty; which
was read twice, and
Mr. L said the bill was very short; and, ta-
king sxample of the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Wright,] he would not move to refer it to
any committee. It was fully discussed at the last
session; and its provisions being simple, were, no
doubt, understood on all sides. He would, there-
fore, move that the bill be postponed till this day
week, and made the order for that day, The mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. L. also, on leave, introduced the following
bills, viz:
A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the six-
teenth sections gran'ed for the use of schools, and
the entry of other lands in lieu thereof; which was
read twice, and referred to ths Committee on the
Public Lands.
A bill to continue in force the "Act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri," ap-
proved 9th July, 1832; and the act supplemental
thereto, approved 2J March, 1833; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill to al-
low a drawback on forekn merchandise exported
in original packages to Chihuahua and Santa Fe,
in Mexico; which having been read twice,
Mr. FULTON moved to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Commerce
Mr. WOODBURY expressed a wish that the
Committee on Commerce, to which it was proposed
to refer this bill, would takeinto consideration the
propriety of enlarging its provisions, so as to in-
clude :he whole frontier of ihe United S ales. He
considered that the privilege of drawback on goods
exported m original packages was equally, jf not
more, important to the Northern and Eastern sec-
tions of the country, than to that section which this
bill was intended to benefit—the West,
Mr. KING, as one of the committee, had no
objection to the reference; but he must say that he
was adverse to the passage of any general provis-
ion allowing drawback, believing that it would
lead to most mischievous consequence-, and would
defraud the Government of a large portion of its
revenue.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said the Committee on
Commerce had at the last session examined ibis
bill, and considered it a*> a case mi generis, and
one which ought te pass as a ma'ter of strict jus-
tice to those interested in th-; trade,and as a matter
of public policy." Ttie committee then reported
favorably to the passage of the bill without a gen.
eral provision. Thsy thenght it ouffht not to be
connected with the subject of drawbacks generally.
He believed the interests of the country were very
well protected in the bill as then reported from tbe
committee, and that it ought to pass.
Mr. FULTON remarked that the bill at the last
session took the very course which the Senator
from New Hampshire suggested;'and, on account
of its being encumbered with tbe additional weight
of a general provision, was lost. He sincerely
hoped that this bill, which was intended to provide
for a peculiar case, would not again be convened
into a general bill. As ihe bill stood, it was a sub-
ject of deep interest to the West; not only so, but
to the whole Unios. Justice to those interested in
this particular trade demanded its passage,  |A-
er a general system of drawbacks be estabh.-heaor
not.
Mr. WOODBURY said he did not wish to em-
bariass the action upon this bill; but he hoped that
when the committee were considering the subject,
they would consider the question of extending the
principles of the bill to every section of the Union.
He felt bound, at the lajt session, from a sense of
duty, to make the motion to include the whole
frontier of the United Stales in the bill. He would
try again to effect that object. It was important
not only to the commerce of the country, but to a
vast portion of the business passing through the
Northern lakes, and on the Northern railroads,
during six months in the year, when the navigation
was closed. He merely threw out the suggestion
to the committee, to consider the propriety of ma-
king the bill general, while they were entertaining
the subject. As to the objection urged against a
general bill, that frauds would gtow up under it, he
would only say tbat smuggling can beas effectually
guarded against in a general bill as it was prgsible
to do in a partial bill. He would feel compelled,
in justice to the whole frontier, to move an amend-
ment in accordance with his views when the bill
came before the Senate for action.
Th<j bill was then referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill in re-
lation to a donation of laud to certain persons in
the State of Arkansas; and
A bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements in consequence
of the treaty between the United States and the
Choctaw Indians; which bills were read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the petition and papers
of Dr. Boyd Reilly were ordered to be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. BARROW, the pe'ition and
papers of Garland & Curry were ordered to be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Messrs. BATES and FULTON gave notice that
they would, on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce
certain bills.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the following reso-
lution, introduced by Mr. Benton on Monday last,
was taken up for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of theTJnued States be reoneat.
eu to inform the Senate as follows:
1. The number and estimated value of vessels which will be
ecjilireft m the African squadron under the late Itrui^h treaty.
2. The probable annual cost of rdpairwsrsaid vessels
3. The number of men and officers which the equipment of
the squadron will require.
4. The probable annual loss of men from deaths, desertion
and other casualties, on board said squadron. '
5. The p.obable annual expenditure of vud fquddcun, under
all the heads of expenditure incident tn th* service
6. Whether it is intended to make (he squadron consist of
more than eighty guns, and the calibre 01 the ^uns to be us d.
?. The whole number of gons which it, is expected to havp
afloat m the United States navy duriristhe year 1840 and ih*
estimated expense of the naval establishment for the year in-
cluding all expenses incident to keeping up the navy. 1
Mr, BENTON modified ihe rpsolution, hj in-
serting the words "and other atm^" after ihe ^or<;
"gun V in 7th clause. The resolution, as thus
modified, was adopted.
Mr. CLAYTON said he found the Chvir had
placed him or the Committee on Printing. His
heaiih was such, that it was utterly impossible to
perform tbe duties which irouid devolve on him
in consequence. Re therefor0 atked to be ex-
cused.
The question was put, £nd he was rxcuseJ; ar,d
the Chair was euihorized to appoint another mem
ber to fill the vacancy.
CORPS OF REPORTERS.
The resolution for the appointment of such a
corps came up in order; bat was, at the suggestion
of Mr. BAYARD, who introduced it, postponed till
Monday next.
CLAIMANTS.
The joint resolution of Mr. Graham came up,
and was read, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the following be added to the joint rules of
the two Houses:
Whenever a claim against the United States, of any descrip-
tion, has been, or shall be, presented to either House, and re-
ferred to a committee, and such committee shall have made a
report in writing against the allowance of the claim, and the
same shall have been concurred in by such House, it shall not
be in order to revive the consideration of such claim in that
House, at the same or any future session of Congress, either by
bill, resolution, petition, or otherwise, except upon a memorial
of the claimant, first setting forth, upon affidavit, that he has
discovered new evidence in support of his claim since the de-
cision against it, ami a statement of the substance of such evi-
dence; or, second, assigning specific errors in the report of the
committee adverse to it, and a certificate of a member of that
House that he believes that the former decision was erroneous,
as charged in said memorial: Provided, That an order dis-
charging a commit tee from the further consideration of a claim,
shall in nowise require compliance with the rule,
Mr. GRAHAM remarked that this resolution
was fully discussed and passed the Senate at the
)a«t session, bat was not acted on in the other
House; and unless some Senator wished a post-
ponement, he hoped it would be passed at once.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he could not vote for
the resolution. He deemed the rules already
passed sufficient to guard the Senate against im-
proper applications from claimants. The effect of
the rule wou'd be to narrow down and infringe the
rght of petition of his constituents. He could not
see that any good would grow out of it; and was,
therefore, opposed to it.
Mr. KING said it appeared to him that his
friend from Michigan was mistaken in his views of
the proposed rule, when he asseried tbat it would
operate as an infringement of the right of petition.
He would find, on examining the proposition, that
that right was scrupulously guarded. The great
object of the resolution was to prevent a constant
return of subjects acted upon year after year, and
repor ed asainst by the committees, and rejected by
the two Houses—matters which were frequently
brought up from musty records, and presented to
the Senate, with no new grounds by the claimants
to recommend them to its consideration. This
practice caused a great deal of labor, and was at-
tended with considerable expense to the nation.
Tnis rule, was to prevent the practice, and enable
Corgress to devote to the important business of the
nation the time thus improperly taken up in rein-
vestigating, thrice over and over again, claims
without merit or shadow of justice. The rule
would be an admirable one, and would save a great
deal of unnecessary labor, and a great deal of
money for the Government. He knew that, year
after year, these rejected claims were hunted up by
interested agents, and brought forward without any
new evidence or nevr grounds to recommend them
to favorable consideration; and, when presented,
they were referred to the committees, reinvestiga-
ted., at immense labor, reported against, and reject-
ed: and still there was no end to action upon them.
The claims of citizens should be fully and fairly
exam-'ocd, and decided upon; but, when that was
d..ne, Congress should at least be saved the trouble
of song over them again and again.
■'vl'. LINN inquired whether the resolution re-
q'i,'ed that a report in writing should be made by
the committee?.
Mr. GRAHAM replied in the affirmative.
Mr. LINN tbousht (bat, if the resolution was
refi'ntd to a committee, and a report was made
and published, giving information to the country
of the rule, and the reasons for its adoption, it
would prevent much abu-e of members of Con-
gtess. If o'herwise, great complaint in regard to
members of Congress neglecting the business con-
fided to them would be made; and they would have
to write many letter:' de-tending themselves against
the charge. There he.d been some discussion upon
5 {'5e subject, tast year; and he believed there was a
reco'uuon adopted, of the nature of this proposed
rule, requiring a written report to be made in
ali cases of private claims, and excluding fur->
