5$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
non should also embrace a modification of the law;
Ciid !h<-y, too, wish to see that view presented from
tne proper source. Let the bill, then, go to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and if the law is to be
repealed, here will be time enough to effect that
object. It seemed, indeed, strange to him that
there stsould be any objection to letting the bill pass
through me Judiciary Committee; for the Senate
mast b?.7e the same control of it after it is reported
back, thai it has now. He hoped there would be
110 objection to considering the opinion of the com-
mittee.
Mr. BERRIEN said it was truly stated by the
Senator from Missouri, that the bill he proposes,
and tb . amendment offered by the Senator from
Norih Orolina, present two questions—the question
"f repea1, and the question as to the terms of that
jepeal Bat, independently of these, there was a
ihird question. A portion of the Senate desit'd
10 hsce it inquired of, by a committee, whether, in-
stead of an absolute repeal of the law., it might
>)'« b  s") modified as to make it conform to the in-
ters, ts of the countrj', and to the prevailing public
opinion. With a view to ascertain whether such
a modification could be proposed, it was asked that
the bill might be referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee. And surely, in relation to a matter of this im-
portant nature—in relation to the exercise of a pow-
er which could alone be exercised by the General
Government—notwithstanding gentlemen migbt
entertain the opinion that the bill, even when $o
modified, would not be acceptable to them,
yet it «as but one of t' e ordinary courtesies of
legislation to allow gentlemen wt:o may take a
different view, an opportunity of presenting tbeir
Yiews for the consideration of that body. He
(Mr. Berrien) denied, therefore, that the refer-
ence of the bill to the committee would at all in-
fluence the vital question of repeal or no repeal.
The only effect of the reference would be, to give
those who were in favor of a modification of the
law an opportunity of presenting their views in a
deliberate form. He would not, however, object
to the yeas and nays being taken.
Mr. BENTON said if there was any Senator
present who would say that the vote he should give
for reference would not commit him, he (Mr. B.)
was willing to withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr CRITTENDEN said he was disposed to
gratify the gentleman by the reference, although he
should vote for the repeal of the law.
Mr. MERRICK said he should vote for the ref-
erence, without feeling himself commuted at all,
with respect to the vote he should give on the ques-
tion of repeal. He intended to vote for the repeal
in some form.
Mr. BENTON said he would, then, withdraw
his call for the yeas and nays.
The ques'ion was then taken on referring the
bill to the Commit'ee on the Judiciary, and de-
cided in the affirmative—ayes 17, noes 12; and it
was accordingly so referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting the annual report of the Commission-
er of Pensions, ^containing a list of applicants for
pensions, or increase of pension, which applica-
tions were rejected during the last year: ordered la
he on the table, and be printed.
Also, a message from the President, transmitting
a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, covering
despatches from the Mediterranean, giving correct
information of the state of the relations of the
U.iiied States with Morocco; which, on motion of
Mr. BAYARD, was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. alio stated that there
were communications from the President of the
United States of an executivecharacter,cn his desk.
Thereupon,
On motion of Mr. KING, the Senate proceeded
to the ccmsidera'ion of exreutive business, and
spent the remainder of the day's session therein.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Depcai'eer 14, 1842.
Mr. McKEON presented the petition of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York
for a warehousing system; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
JOINT COMMITTEES.
Messrs. James Irviht, Edmund Borre, and P.
Gr. Goode, were this morning announced as the
members, on the part of the House, ol the Joint
Committee on Enrolled Bills, &c.
CIVIL & DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
ernment for the half of the calendar year ending
30th day of June, 1843.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that it be crmmitted to
the Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be,
printed.
Mr. GUSHING begsed to p.>k the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means if the bill
contained an appropriation for the pay of members
of Congress, and the usual contingencies-; so that
no bill was to be introduced for that purpose, in
anticipation of the ordinary civil and diplomatic
appropriations.
Mr. FILLMORE replied, that this bill contained
a provision for the pay of members of Congress,
and the contingencies; and that no bill for that
purpose would, therefore, be introduced ii antici-
pation of the civil and diplomatic appropriation.
Mr. CUSHING observed that he was glad the
committee had adopted that course.
The bill was then committed, and ordered to
be printed.
ELECTION OF CHAPLAIN.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the House proceed to
the election of its Chaplain; which was agrervi to.
Mr. BOWNE nominated the Rev Mr. Tiffany
of the Episcopal Church, of the State of New
York.
Mr. HENRY nominated the Rev. Mr. Reese of
the Methodist Church.
Mr. JAMES COOPER nominated the Rev. Mr.
Moller of the Lutheran Church, now resident in
the city of Washington.
Mr. PEARCE nominated the Rev. Mr. Suther-
land of the Methodist Church.
Mr. MALLORY nominated the Rev. Mr. C'ay-
ton of tbe Methodist Church.
Mr. HUDSON nominated the Rev. Mr. Bull-
finch of the Unitarian Church.
Mr. ARNOLD said he had been requested by
several of his friends to nominate the Rev. Mr.
Maffitt, their late Chaplain, whom he and his
friends would rather hear than any other man
[laughter] that thi-y could get; and therefore they
wanted to vote for him.
Mr. BARTON nominated the Rev. John Collins
of the Methodist Church.
The nominations having all been made, Messrs.
Bowne, Henry, and James Cooper, were ap-
pointed tellers to receive the votes.
The vote having been taken,
Mr. BOWNE announced that the number of
votes taken was - - . - 194
Necessary to a choice - . - S8
Of which—
Mr. Tiffany received - - 78
Mr. Muller - 34
Mr. Rpese - - - -99
Mr Maffitt - - - - 19
Mr. Clayton - - - - 13
Mr. Bullfinch - - . - 13
Mr. Coll ns - - . .5
Mr. Sutherland - 3
As no candidate had received a majority of the
votes given, there was no choice, and it becamc
necessary to vote again.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS inquired if it would
not be in order to submit a resolution to elect tbe
gentleman hiving a plurality of votes.
The SPEAKER replied that it would not.
Mr. BARTON withdrew the name of Mr. Col-
lins from nomination.
A second vote was then taken, the result of
which
Mr. BOWNE announced to be—
Whole number of votes - - I9g
Necessary to a choice - - - 100
Of which—
Mr. Tiffany received
Mr. Reese
"Mr. Muller
Mr. Maffitt
Mr. Bulfinch
119
39
29
10
1
Mr. Tiffany having received a majority of all
the votes given, he was declared duly elected to
the chaplaincy of the House of Representatives
for the present session.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. John Tyler, jr., his
secretary, as follows:
To the House of Representatives:
Two bills were presented to me, at the last session of Con-
gress, which originated m the House of Representatives, nei-
ther of which was signed by me; and, both having been pre-
sented within ten days of the close of the session, neither has
become a law.
The first of these was a bill entitled "An act to repeal the
proviso of the sixth section of the act entitled 'An act to appro-
priate the proceeds of the sales of the publiclands, and to grant
pre-emption rights,' approved September fourth, one thousand
eight hundred and forty-one."
This bill was presented to me on Tuesday, the 30th August,
at twenty-four minutes after four o'clock m the afternoon.
For my opinions relative to the provisions contained in this
bill, it is only necessary that I should refer to previous commu-
nications made by me to the House of Representatives.
The other bill was entitled "An act regulating the taking of
testimony in cases of contested elections, and for other pur*
This bill was presented to me at a quarter past one o'clock,
on Wednesday, the thirty-first day of August. The two Houses,
by concurient vote, had already agreed to terminate the ses-
sion by adjournment at two o'clock on that day—that is to say,
within three-quarters of an hour from the time the bill was
placed in my hands It was a bill containing twenty-seven
sections, and, I need not say, of an important nature.
On its presentation to me, its reading was immediately com-
menced; but was interrupted by so many communications
from the Senate, and po many other causes operating at the
last hour of the session, that it was impossible to read the bill
understanding^, and with proper deliberation, before the hour
fixed for the adjournment of the two Houses; and this, I pre*
sume, is a sufficient reason for neither signing the bill, nor re*
turning it with my objections.
The 17th joint rule of the two Houses of Congress declares
that ,lno bill or resolution that shall have passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate shall be piesented to the Presi-
dent of the United Slates, for his approbation, on the lastjday of
the session."
This rule was evidently designed to give to thf President a
reasonable opportunity of perusing important acts of Congress,
and giving them some degree ol consideration, before signing
or returning the same.
It is true, that the two Houses have been in the habit of sus-
pending this rule, towards the close of the session, in relation to
paiticular bills; and it appears by the printed journal, that, by
concurrent votes of the two Houses, passed on the last day of
the session, the rule was agreed to be suspended, so far as the
same should relate to all such bills as should have been passed
by the two Houses at one o'clock on that day. It is exceed-
ingly to be regretted that a necessity should ever exist for such
suspension, m the case of bills of great importance, and there-
fore demanding caieful consideration.
As the bill has failed, under the provisions of the Constitution,
to become a law, I abstain from expressing any opinions upon
us several provisions, keeping myself wholly uncommitted as
to my ultimate action on any similar measure, should the
House think proper to originate it de novot except so far as
my opinion of the unqualified power of each House to decide
for itself upon the election, it turns, and qualifications of its
own members, has been expressed hy me, in a paper lodged in
the Department of sitate, at the time of signing an act entitled
"An act lor the apportionment of Representatives among the
pevcral States, according to the sixth census," approved June
the k2<\> 1842/' a copy of which i3 m possession of the House.
JOHN TYLER.
Washington, Dec. 11, 1842.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
roun ration from the Department of State, contain-
ing sn abstract of the reiurns of the collectors of
the custom?, made in pursuance of the provisions
or ib • act for she protection of American seamen:
r?(«-rr;d to the Commi^ee on Commerce, and or-
d-rvd 'o be printed.
A o, d communication from the War Depart-
ment transmitting the annual report of the Com-<
mi-s :r,pr of Pension?, of the amount of pensions
paid f(T the past year.
A'co, a communication from the Navy Depart-
meat, enclosing a cominunicatien from Commo-
dore Morgan, relative to tbe adjustment of our
differences with Morocco: referred to the Commit-
tee rn Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
TEMPERANCE.
Mr. BRIGGS called up the resolution submitted
by him some days tinee, to amend the 19th joint
role, by sinking 0nt the word "spirituous," and in-
serting the word "intoxicating."
[The effect of this amendment would be to pro-
hibit the sale of intoxicating liquors in the Capi-
to!.]
Mr. WELLER a*ked if the resolution was in
order.
