CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S3
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. WELLER then objected to its considera-
tion; upon which
Mr. BRlGGrS moved a suspension of the rules;
and the1 yeas and nays having been called for by
Mr. CALHOUN, they were ordered, and resulted
-—yeas 125, nays 52—as follows;
YBAS~-Mes6rs. Adams, L. W. Andrews, S. J. Andrews,
Aycrigg, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Borden, Bow tie, Bnggs, Bronscn, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Wm. Butler,
Caihoiin, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden, John
C. Clark1, Clifford, Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Gushing,
Kichard D. Davis, Deberry, Doig, John Edwards, Fessendeo,
Jrilimore, John G. Floyd, Fornanre, Gamble, Gatfs, Gerry, Gid-
gnee,.Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, Grander, Hail, Halsted, Henry,
Houck,.Houston, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll,
i ?e*> r^,n' m* W. Irwin, James, Wm. Cost Johnson, Keim,
John P Kennedy, Linn, Littleficld, Abraham McCiellan, Robert
i££!r!a& McK^y  McKennan, Marchand, Alfred Marshall,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, Maynafri, Meri-
wether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Newhard, Osborne,
£ayne, Pendleton, Plumer, Ramsey, Benjamin, Randall, Read,
fteding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, Riggs, Rodney,
Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, 8an-
lord, onaw, fehe.pperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Stokely, Strauon,
Alexander H.H.Stuart, Summers, J-cob Thompson, Tilline-
hast, Toland, Triplet, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer,
Warren, Washington, Westbrook, Christopher H. Williams
Wimhrop, Wise, Wood, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John
ifoung'-—125.
Messrs. Arnold, Arlington, Atherton, Black, Buike,
William O. Butler, Patrick C Caldwell, Thomas J. Campbell
Umtoo, Coles, James Cooper, Cowen, Cross, Garrett Davis.
Dawson, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Charles A. Floyd, A. Law-
lence Foster, Goggin, Wm. O. Goode, Gordon, Hays, Holmes,
Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jack, Andrew Kennedy, McKeon,
MaUory, Miller, Morrow, Owsley, Patridge, Pearce, Rayncr,
Rogers, Wilham Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Taliaferro,
Tutney, Van Buren, Ward, Watterson, Weller, Jos. L. White
atld Joseph L. Williams—52.
So the rules were suspended; and, the resolution
being before the House,
Mr. AYCRIGG offered the following as an
amendment:
Kesotved, That the restaurateurs be forthwith removed from
the Capitol.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL suggested that this
would remove the men, and not the plates.
The amendment was adopted without opposi-
tion; and the resolution of Mr. Briggs, as thus
amended, passed by acclamation.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. McKEON asked leave to have referred to
the Committee on Commerce a bill in relation to
the warehousing system
Mr. McKENNAN objected.
Mr. McKEON moved a suspension of the rules;
but the House refused to suspend
PETITIONS.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired what was the decision
of ihe Speaker in regard to ihe offering of peii-
tions.
The SPEAKER replied that the rule wis with-
out limit. It was m the power of members to in-
troduce petitions at any tune.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was perfectly contcnt
with the decision of ihe Cbair.
Mr4 BRONSON asked leave to offer a resolu-
tion, calling upon ihe Solicitor of the Treasury for
jnfoimatiou as to the amount uf (ecs paid the sev-
eral clerksot the Federal courts m cases of admi-
ralty and bankruptcy.
Mr. BOWNE objected to ihe reception of the
resolution; and it was not c nt-.ideied.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. READ asked leav; to offer the following
resolutions; which were re<id for information:
Whereas the act of Congress entitled "An act to piovuie reve-
nue from imports, and to change and modiiy existme L«ws im-
posing duties on Imports, and loi other piirpObCP," pa^ct! 30 ih
Augufct, 1842, having been passed in the him y <ind confusion of
the Inst day of a session, and therelore grea'Jy ('eh'ctivo, i>ot
only m its details, but in some ot its principles, imposing piu-
hibitory duties* on a great variety of articles, dieieby s>o iiti de-
feating itself, both m regard to revenue and orotectn-r.— he lat-
ter, by administering a powerful stimulant to the smuggling
tradf; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Way*, and Means be in-
structed to report a bill, supplementary to the said art of the
30lh August last, based upon the following principles, viz:
X. To produce an adequate lovenue foi the economical uJ-
ramistiation ol the Government, and no more—say from twenty
to twenty-three millions.
2. Article?classed as "necessaries of life," and emeiins into
general consumption, of o description not grown or pioduccd
in the United States, to be admitted free oi duty.
3. Articles imported, coming in compel uion with those grown
or produced m the United State?, to bo taxed so a-5 to give am-
ple protection to our farmers, planters, manufacturers, and
mechanics.
4. The measure of such protection to be, in all cases, so much
duty as will make the cost of the foreign a i tide hi our watkp.fs
equal to the cost of production in the United State*, and no
more.
5. If it should be found necessary to impose higher dutiee/or
revenue than are required by the said measure of protection,
in such case luxuries to pay a higher duty than necessaries.
6. No drawback to be allowed on foreign sugars refined in
the United States, nor on 'spirits distilled from foreign mo.
7. ho drawback to be allowed in any case, unless the goods
shall be speciallymtended forexportation, and actually exported
within ninety days from the time of importation.
8. The principle of cash duties to be preserved, except in the
case of goodgimported and entered for exportation, which may
be warehoused.
9. All duties to*be levied on the true value of the goods in the
principal ports of the United States; such value to be ascertain-
ed)? a board Of commissioners, (to be appointed for that pur-
pose,) in all cases where the importer shall appeal from the val-
uation or appraisement of the collector of the port.
TRADE WITH AUSTRIA AND PRUSSIA.
Mr. TRIPLETT offered a resolution, which
was adopted, after being mortified according to the
suggestions of Messrs. WISE, McKEON, and
ADAMS, in the following form:
Resolved, That the President of the United 'States be re-
quested to communicate to this House, as soon as conveniently
may be, if not incompatible with the public interest, the com-
munications to and from our ministers at Berlin and Vienna,
subsequent to the last communication sent to thisHouse on the
subject of the trade and commerce between those respective
countiies and the United States,
NAVAL DEPOT AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS offered the following
resolution; which was adopted, (after an amend-
ment by Mr. Wise, subsiitu.ing the Committee on
Naval Affairs for ihe Committee on Commerce.)
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a naval depot
and dock-yard, at Memphis, in the State of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, the select
committee of last session on the subject of inter-
national copy-right, (which failed to report for
want of time,) was ordered to be revived.
EXTRA PAY.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked leave to offer a
resolution panting to the officers, clerks, folders,
pages, &c. of the House, the same extra pay which
was allowed to the same in the Senate at the last
session of Congress.
Mr. BLACK objected, and the resolution was
not received.
Messrs. J. C. CLARK and GIDDINGS sev-
erally attempted to in'roduce resolutions of in-
quiry; but were defeated by the intervention of ob-
jeetions
CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. MORGAN called for the question on the
motion pending at Ihe adjournment yesterday, to
reier certain additional testimony, in the case of
the contested election of the Delegate from Florida,
[Mr. Lkvv,] to the Committee on Elections; and,
ihe question being sta'ed by the Speakei,
Mr. B'tRTON presented still further leMirnony
on behalf of the si'ti.ig member; and he moved
ih.it it be printed.
The SPEAKER announced ihe question to bf on
the motion to refer.
Mi. MOR3\N entered into a statement of facia
h< connexion with ihe takirg of this testimony, and
n;d 'be propriety of rpferung Ihe whole subject
back to ihe Cotrmittee on Elections.
Mr. HOPKINS <-3id he did not underhand the
eii,tracer of the testimony now piet-en^d to the
House lo be Mich as to render it necessary to refer
the whole subject hack'. It was important that the
question should he setied. Thf- sitting member
had invoked a decnion; hul, if the ease were rr-
fetred bcck to Ihe Committee on Election*, with
iht-i isddi loo.-.l correspor,.-fence, f"r r-"-examination,
they mijhl not expeet n report until the close of the
pfse't: hon :e--'c.n, v.hen it wonll b  impossible
to have a ful at end.uice of ihe Hoo.t fo a decis-
f n of a qurrtion like tha'. There could be no ob-
jection to the pr.nling <>t thr- additional testimony;
and thrn the, would have it before the Houce,
which would be rs competent to detetmtce the
case as any committee could be.
Ml. BARTON, Mr. HALSTED, M". TUR-
KEY, and Mr. KORGAN, en'cred into s'atements j
r'ia'ivc to I .e admis>ibi!iiy of ee;t->.i.n testimony, |
,io,i difcosiei .hr r.ecrf.ity of ihe proposed tefer- j
enc-.
Mr. LEVY begg -ti to be aliou-ed to sjy a word j
or t<vo in explanation of the circumstances under
/. hich he acted, and of the coarse which he had !
deemed it his duty to take. Such action as the
House might determine to take on tnis suhj ct„
would be in accordance with its own views of jus-
tice and propriety; and he bad no suggest on to
make in regard it, and no desire to influence its
action. He had, from ihe firs', deemed it to be his
duty, because most consistent with propriety, to re-
frain from expres4ing any opinion, either in regard
to the proceedings of the committee, or of the
House. He was himself satisfied that he had 'he
right to represent the people of Florida on this,
floor, and that he was a citizen of the United:
States. The people of Florida themselves were
pertectly satisfied as to these particulars. He
would, however, make a brief explanation of facts,
in order to give the House a mere perfect under-
standing of the subject. After the election, under
which he was returned as the delegate from the
Territory of Florida, a few individual.*, impelled
by personal motives, why had opposed his election,
and who had the benefit of their opposition at the
polls, made a remonstrance to the House, in which,
they denied his rieht to represent the Territory in.
Congress. There was no contesting candidate ap-
pearing here to canvass his right to ins seatf-but
these men, who came as remonstrants, came also
as witnesses. They were not only witnecses, but
some of Ihem went lo Ihe extent of seven deposi-
tions each, who were not in Florida at the time
the transactions took place about which they un-
dertook to testify. Now he would say to the:
House, that, having regarded this matter as an in-
quiry instituted by itself, for its own satisfaction,
whether the delegation from Florida had been,
properly filled by the people of ihat Territory—.
taking it as a question between this House and the.
people of Florida, he had not deemed it consistent,
with self-respect, and with the respect he owed,
both to the House and the people of Florida, to say
anything to influence its action. When the ques-
tion came up before the House, on the report of
the Committee of flections, he should then ask to-
be heard. Wheihjr the House would refer this
matter back again to the committee, or proceed
with the report of the committee of the last ses-
sion, were questions in regard to which he had not
a wor J to say. As the chairman of the commit-
tee, however, bad gone inte a statement of facts,
which might have some effect on the minds of
member? of ihe House, he begged have to make-
a plain and simple statement in reply to it S  far
a* notice was concerned, he contended that ample-
and sufficient notice, and of the best kind, was-,
given of the depositions taken by him. That no-
tice was given in the public papers of Florida, from'
one end of the Territory to the other. He did not
chof.«e to recognise one of these reironstrants rvnic.
thau another, in giving notice; and then- b-i g^
some hundted o" them, had he given a not:ce to
< ne, the o'her mi.ety-ume might have had cause e£
complaint.
Mr. HALSTED inquired of the grnt'eman
whether he was not m'ormed last session the.t'he
attoraeys ef the rtmcnstisnls would receive tbe
notices
Mr. LEVY replied that Mr Peter Schenk Srat h
informed him that Mr. Rithard S. Coxe of thi*
place, or General Hernandez, or himself, would
receive noiiets; but he should like to know what
right one of iho remonstrants bad lo appoint at'or-
nevs to act for allot them. With aspect to ihf-
deposition of his father, (Motes C Lev;.,) made
m the city of N_*.v Yotk, he was K-ady to mak®
?.n explanation to tbe Hor^t; ih< ugh tt pain-
ful lo him to approach this part o' the subject.
Oi receiving notice that this depos.tinn was lo be
taken, be went on to New York, and endeavored
to obtain an irt'erview with his father, without ef-
fect ' Having teen denied thi-, interview, be could
not attend the lakmg of the testimony, but ap-
pointed a friend to act in his piac?, directing him
not to subject his paren; 10 a cro'S examination.
He afterwards, having retn the dep. sitb'ti, die"
up and submitted certain intetrogatortes, nrcess?ry
to elicit some, imprriant facts. God knew that his
only object Ihrocgbou! had b;e:i lo elicit truth, srd
to lay before tbe House all the fac's of the cafe.
If there were any little tschmcalitks of which
gentlemen who were pressing this matter wit ht 4
