.54
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to avail themselves, be was willing that they
should hive the benefit of them. ' A11 he wanted
"was, that all the truth should be brought out.
The main ground cf this case was his right of citi-
zenship; and to establish this, he depended upon
the public records of the country. All other tes-
timony he looked upon as of very little importance,
That record was in the State Department, trans-
mitted and deposited there in pursuance of law.
It had been acquiesced in, from that time to this;
and if the House was now prepared to go behind
this record, and inquire into the facts upon which
it was made, then he would say that there was
■very little regard to be paid to public faith. After
a few more remarks, Mr. L. said, that the only evi-
dence on which the House was now asked to recom-
mit this matter to the Committee of Elections, was a
correspondence between Messrs. Peter Schenk
Smith, and Moses C. Levy, his principal witness,
in which (hey dispute about what the former heard
the latter say to him. On such testimony as this,
the House was asked to send this matter back to
the Committee of Elections, to go over all their
investigations again.
The question was then takeD, and the motion
of Mr. Halsted was rejected.
On motion by Mr. CUSH1NG, the select com-
mittee raised on the petition of Washington Irving
and others, on the subject.of an international copy,
right law, was authorized to report by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. BARTON offered a resolution for the ap-
pointment of a select committee to inquire into
the expediency o;" abolishing the military super-
intendences at the national armories, and of substi-
tuting civil superintendences in their stead; also
to inquire into the abuses alleged to exist in these
establishments.
Objected to by several, and the resolution was
not received.
The House then adjourned, r
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 15, 1842.
Mr. Calhoun appeared in his seat to-day.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of
the Chamber of Commerce of Philadelphia, pray-
ing Congress to adopt the warehouse system as a
part of the revenue system. Mr. B. said that, as
the Chamber-of Commerce represented a large
body of the merchants, he would ask that the me-
morial be printed, and referred to the same com-
mittee to which similar memorials had been refer-
red: agreed to.
Mr. BARROW presented a petition from V.
£,eblanc, praying compensation for services therein
mentioned; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. LINN, it was ordered that
ihe petition and papers of Benjamin Crawford,
askiug indemnity for losses sustained in conse-
quence of having his boarding settlement broken
np by an officer of the United States army, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana reported back, from the
Committee on Public Lands, without amendment,
the bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements in consequence
of the treaty between the United States and the
Choctaw Indians; and
The bill in relation to a donation of land to cer-
tain persons in the State of Arkansas.
Also, reported back, with amendments, which
were read, the bill authorizing the relinquishment
cf the sixteenth sections granted for the use of
schools, and the entry of other lands in lieu
thersof.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the petition of Thomas Fillebrown be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, it was ordered
that the memorial and papers of Rene Vienne be
■withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from a
large number of citizens of Yates county, New
York, praying Congress for the instant repeal of
the bankrupt law; wh;ch was referred to the C ra-
m.ttee on the Judiciarv.
Mr. BATES, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief o[ the Steamboat Company of Nantucket;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. RIVES presented a memorial from Mrs.
Frances M. Lewis and Mary Neal, widows of late
officers in the navy of the United States, who were
lost on board of the United States sloop of «|
"Epervier," prajiing a restoration of the pension
which they heretofore received under the navy
pension law, and which has been withheld from
them in consequence of the repeal of such law: re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairi.
Mr. CONRAD submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to the Senate whether any, and what, amount
of money had been refunded to claimants in virtue of the act
entitled uAn act in relation to lands held in the Grconsburir,
late St. Helena district, in the State of Louisiana, and authoriz-
ing the resitrvey of certain lands in said district," approved
August 29, 1SJ2; whether, m any case?, the claimants have re-
ceived reimbursement ot the price paid by them for lands in
complying, or offerm? to comply, with the provisions of said
act, and such reimbursement has been refused, and the reasons
for such refusal; and whethei any, and what, proceedings have
taken place under said act,
THE QUINTUPLE TREATY.
Mr. BENTON submitted the folio wirg resolu-
tion; which lies one day, under the rale, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether therjuintuple ireaty. for the suppression of the
slave-trade, has been communicated to the Government ot the
United States m any form whatever And if so, tty whom'
lor what purpose? and what answer may have been returned to
suc.h communication'? Also, to communicate to the Senateall
the inhumation which may have been received by theGovern-
ment of the United States, going to show that, the "course
which this Government might take in lelation to said treaty
has excited no small degree of attention and discussion m Eu-
rope " Also, to intorm the Senate how far the "warm animad-
versions," and the "great political excitement," which this
tieaty has caused in Europe, have any application or reference
to these United States. Also, to inform the Senate what danger
there was of having the "laws and the obligations" of the United
States, in relation to the suppression of the slave-trade, "exe-
cuted by others," if we did not "remove their pretext, and mo-
tive for violating our flag, and executing our laws," by enter-
ing into the stipulations for the African sqnadron, and the re-
monstrating embassies, which are contained in the eighth and
ninth articles of the late British treaty.
Messrs. STURGEON and LINN gave notice
that they would, on to-morrow, ask leave to intro-
duce certain bills.
Mr. McROBERTS gave, notice that he would
ask leave, i.n to morrow, to introduce a bill to
amend the several laws granting pre-emption rights
to settlers on ihe public lands.
Mr. McR. remarked that there were some sug-
gestions in the President's message in regard to the
propriety of disposing of the mineral lands belong-
ing to the United Sta'es. He moved that so much
of ths message as related to that subject be refer-
red lo the Committee on the Public Lands:
agreed to.
On motion of Mr. L'NN, it was
That the riecictary of the Senary be, and he is
hereby, aulhi.nyed and directed lo return to the Genera] Land
Office all the oi ijinal papers on file in his office, which ac-
companied the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, of the
10th of January, 1838, and contained m Senate Document 97
of the 2d session of the 25th Congress. * '
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill per-
fecting titles to land south of the Arkansas river,
held under the treaty of New Madrid, and pre-
emption rights under the act of 1814; which was
twice read, and referred to the Committee 011 Pub-
lic Lands.
Mr. BAYARD moved that, when the Senate ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet on Monday next: agreed
to.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate then
proceeded to ths consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, sfter some time spent thereon,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 15, 1842.
Mr. I'ARM ENTER presented the petition of
Mary Page for a revolutionary per'ion; of Mary
J. Bsbbit for a naval pension; of John C. dark
for increase of pay of captains's clerks in the navy;
all of which were referred to the appropriate com-
mittees.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The following Executive communications were
laid on the table of the House of Representatives
on Monday last, to which we were only able then
to all ride in general terms:
A letter from the Secretary cf War, ifl obedience
to a resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 30th of Augu=t last, transmitting a statement of
the private establishments at which fire-arms are
manufactured tor the Government, where situated,
the number annually fabricated, at what prices,
&c ; which letter and statements were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
A letter from the Secretary of War, in answer
to the resolution of the House of ihe 25th May
last, transmitting a statement of the number of the
officer^ of the army, with the rates of pay and al-
lowance, &c.: laid on the table.
A letter from t?e Secretary of War, in answer
to a resolution of the House of Ihe 11th August,
transmitting a statement of the number of resigna-
tions in the army since the 1st of January, 1834,
with ths causes of the same, so far as known; and
how many of the said officers who resigned were
educated at West Point, with any further informa-
tion upon the same subject: laid on the table.
A letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting
a report of the Third Auditor of the Treasury, iff an-
swer in partto the resolution cf theHouseofthe28th
of Febrnar; last, requiring a report of all cases of
extia compsrisa'ion htietofore allowed to officers
of the army for services s:miiar to those rendered
by General Scott, for which he is ,«aid to have re-
ceived ex ra Bilowanet; together with the names of
suth cfficc-s, ihf-- when received, the amount
paid to each, &c., and stating h's inability to de-
termine when tht answer will be completed: laid
on the tab!?.
A letter ironi the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, in obedK-nce to the joint re:olution of
Congests of the 29th of May, 1830, a report from
tfce Commissioner of Pensions of the names of per-
sons i". ho have applitd for relief under the navy
pension laws, and whose claims have been re-
jected, and the reasons for such rejection: laid on
the table.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting, agreeably to the provisions of the act of
Congress of the 3d of March, 1809, an abstract
of the contingent expenses of the naval establish-
ment from the 1st of October, 1841, to the 30th of
September, 1842, inclusive: laid on the table.
A Setter from the Treasurer of the United States,
transmitting copies of the Treasurer's accounts
with the United S'ates for the third and fourth
quarters of 1841, and the first and second quar-
ters of 1849, as adjusted by the accounting officers
of the department: laid on the table.
A lelter from the Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, transmitting his report of the expend-
iture of the contingent fund cf the House of
Eepreseniatives: referred to the Committee of Ac-
counts1.
A letter from the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings, transmitting copies of all contracts made in
his ofliee from the 1st of December, 1841, to the
present time, with the names cf the applicants for
said contracts, and the amount of their respective
bids: referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
FEES IN BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. BRONSON offered the following resolu-
tion :
I2?so/vcd, That the Secretary of 'he Treasury be, and he
hereby is, required to obtain, with as little delay a,s practicable,
a statement of tees taxed by the several clerks of the circuit
and distrn (, couits 01 the United State?, m admiralty and bank-
lupt hhowinffthe amount of fees taxed by said several
cleiks, wnh the items constituting said amountin a case in ad-
miralty; and, also, in a case in bankruptcy, either to the bank-
rupt. or a auditor, when theie is no adverse appearance; and
showing the whole amount of fees that have been actually paid
to each clerk on petitions, -md other proceedings under the
bankrupted, to thii date, and, also, the amount received by
san! clerks far film? papna, &c.; and for blank forms and cop-
ies, in cases nf bankruptcy tinder said act, and up to this date,
Mr. BOTSrWE f aid he would not object to this
resolution, if it was not to impede ihe speedy ac-
tion of the House oh the bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law; but he wished to know if it was to have
such an effsct.
