CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
58
Mr. BRONSON replied in the negative.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if it was not
requisite that this resolution should lie over fur one
day.
The SPEAKER was understood to reply that it
must lie oyer, if objected to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then objected, and the
resolution was laid over.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TIONS.
Mr. FILLMORE said it was of considerable im-
portance that the civil and diplomatic appropria-
tion bill, which be reported yesterday from the
Committee of Ways and Means, should be acted
upon immediately; and therefore he moved tbat
lh« House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole, for the purpose of taking up that bill.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Briqgs was
called to the chair.
The CHAIRMAN directed the Clerk to read the
bill No. 615, being "A bill making appropriations
for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the half calendar year ending the 30th
day of June, 1843."
The Clerk accordingly read the bill through all
its sections. It was then taken up by sections,
and the committee proceeded, without objection,
through all the sections to the following item in
the Treasury Department:
"For extra clerk hire, $750."
Mr. GILMER moved to strike out this ilem.
At th« last session of Congress, he said, there
were several investigations instituted into the ex-
penditures of the various departments at ihe seat
of Government; and he knew not what effect those
investigations produced on ihe minds of other gen-
tlemen, but he would say, lor himself, that they
left on his mind no doubt that there were too many
clerks—too many regular clerks employed in those
various departments. He would not say there were
toe many in all the offices of the General Govern-
ment; but, speaking in the aggregate, he was sat-
isfied there were too many employed in the vari-
ous departments, and that the public service de-
manded that there should be a reduction rath-
er than an increase in that quarter. He
■was therefore surprised to see a permanent item
for extra clerk-hire introduced into this lull by the
Committee of Ways and Means. They had
hitherto been told, when efforts were made to re-
duce the expenditures of the departments, that, in
consequence of the calls fur information by Con-
gress, Ihe regular cleiks were not adequate to
keep pace with the public business. Now, if there
were any necessity for the employment of extra
clerks, he wished to know it. He would not con-
sume the time of the commit'ee with nrgumenH.,
■which must necessarily be but a repetition of
the arguments adduced at the last session, not
only in the bhape of speeches, but also of reports
from investigating committees; hut he would ask
■whether the Congress of the Untied Stales intended
to authorize, as a permanent system, the employ,
ment of 600 or 700 permanent clerks in the va-
rious departments, and then m^ske an annual ap-
propriation lor extra clerlt-hire? He knew, from
his own personal examination, that, in the various
offices in the department, there were more clerks
than could now be profitably employed. He knew
there were some who weie nut employed more
than one-fourth of their time. There'was, then, a
superabundance of labor; and (h • was understood
to say) it had been suggest! that the executive de-
partments should be authorized by law i<> ti„nsfer
labor from one office, where there should be found
to be a superabundance, to offices, whete there
should be found to be a deficiency; and thus the
extra clerk-hire might be dispensed wish. Tp.e ex-
tent of the evil, he furiher observed, wa.-, not set
forth in thiii item; for it would he perceived that
this bill made only a temporary p.pprop'lation—ii
was but an appropriation for half the calendar
year; and therefore pnoiher appropriation wou'd
be necessary, as it wa- eudent k was contem-
plated; and therefore, satisfied as ho wa? that they
might produce a slight lempoiary inconvenience by
■withholding this appropriation, he believed a great
counterbalancing good would ensue if the com-
mittee agreed with him, and should strike out this
and similar i'eow.
There was another class of appropriations which
he had hoped had received their quietus at the last
session—he alluded to that class called ' miscella-
neous." He must be permitted to express the
opinion, that, whatever party conflicts there might
be in the country, and whatever party might be in
power, this would never be an honest Government
until it was a cheap one; nor would it ever be
satisfactory to the people, until their Ripresenta-
tiTCS caused accounts to be published showing
how the revenue was raised, and what were the
purposes for which it was appropriated. There
were striking defects in the system, which should be
corrected by the publication from time to time of
statements and accounts of all the receipts and all
the expenditures of the Government. There were
many items of a million of dollars in the accounts;
and he would a-k what informaiion did they de-
rive from such an iem? None whatever; and
therefore they wanted the items, dollar for dollar,
specifically stated. A reformation in the Auditors'
and Comptrollers' offices was requisite, by which
they should be furnished with specific informaiion,
instead of lining, as at present, compelled to go
through the vouchers when filed away. His ob-
ject was to ascertain distinctly, item by item, how
the money of ihe Government was expended. He
desired also to avoid these miscellaneous expendi-
tures, which the people did not understand; but
particularly at this time he hoped the committee
would see the propriety of suspending this appro-
priation for exira clerk-hire.
Mr. FILLMORE confessed that he was a little
surprised at so long a speech on so small an item.
He was as ready, however, to discusi this question
now, as he would be at any future lime; and he would
make such an explanation as he trusted would be
satisfactory to the gentleman. The gentleman
said (hat he made the motion to strike out this ap-
propriation for extra clerk-hire merely for the pur-
pose of testing the question whether, in any case,
an appropriation should be made for that cbjeet in
any of the departments. Now, ihis subject un-
derwent a got d di-al of discussion at Ihe last ses-
sion; and he had hoped that it was then definitively
set'led by the act then passed. If the gentleman
would take the trouble to look into ihe law-, of ihe
last .-c:';:ion, he would fled that these approp-iaiions,
b< ing liable to *huse in consequence of Iheir gen-
eral eharacier, were stricken out of the general ap-
propriation bill, and embodied in a bill framed to
provide for ihem all, and specifying each particu-
lar object. The committee, in reporting this bill,
did not Mop there, bui inserted a section, not only
lor the purpose of guarding against abuses, but for
avoiding Ihese annual discussions of small mat-
ters, It wis-, however, necessary that these appro-
prations should be made. You must (said Mr.
F.) either cmp'oy a force, of permanent clerks suf-
(irion'ly large, not only to carry on the ordinary
bttsins'siS of the departments', hut to meet all the ex-
t aoidinary call- that may be made on them, by
Congress or otherwise; or you must employ a force
sufficient to carry on nil the ordinary business, and
allow the dopaitroents to t mploy exlra clerks for
extraordinary bunness. The latter mode was un-
questionably the more economical.
Mi. F. here handed up 10 the Chair the law
p.is-ed at the last fusion, and directed the Clerk to
rr.id the 10th and 11 us ..ociions; which was done.
Tr.cc sections prov;-'e ina.1 fo exlra cleiks shall he
employed m any of the executive departments., ex-
c. pt during the te.^ion <!' Congress, to f naoiethem
to niv-et the call; of Congress; .ind then only when
the heads ol di-patmcntsshall believe thai the em-
ployment ot sn-h extra clerks is tndispen'ably ne-
ees-.a'y fo' the public for'.ice.
otr GILMER wa'; aware of the law to which
the gentleman alluded, and he believed ihe la-v
was a vciy good one. But bcre was no evidence
snowing tha1 the employ ment of extra clerks was
neowsary; and the making the appropriation in ad-
vance, wa eoeomaging the departments to moploy
t itra desks whether necessary or not. He n-ou'd
.iik ihj gentleman fiem New York if he had any
information sho.vjng the mces'sity of employing
extra clerks.
Mr. FILLMORE said that the business wbictj
would require the employment of extra _elei,ks
could not be foreseen; that depending almost alto-
gether on the calls that might be made by Qpngress,,
and therefore the departments could not say how
much would be necessary.
Mr. GILMER said, then this appropiiation
was to provide in advance f  r the payment of set-
vices that might or might not be necessary; and he-
was therefore opposed, to it. The state of the
treasury admonished them to avoid useless,expense;
and if it should be ascertained, before the close of
the session, tbat the public service required the em-
ployment of extra clerks, it would be then time
enough to make the appropriation.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia inquired of his eol-
league how the service was to be paid for, if no
appropriation was made, should the heads of de-
partments find the employment of extra clerks in-
dispensably necessary for the public service. .•
Mr. GILMER said that the very law read by
the chairman required that no extra clei&s should
b« employed in any of the departments, unless,thes
heads of departments found that their employment-
was indispensably necessary for the public service.
Now, there was nothing here to show that the em-
ployment of extra clerks was necessary.
Mr. SMITH said that there wa1? the power given
to the heads of departments; but where was the ap-
propriation to pay for the service rendered? Were
heads of departments to employ clerks when they
found it indispensably necessary to do so, in order
to answer the calls that may be made by Congress,
and then trust to the contingency of obtaining an
appropriation to pay them?
Mr. BLACK said that he would vote for the ap-
propriation with pleasure, if there was any report,
from the departments showing that it would be ne-
cessary. He understood this appropriation was
proposed for labor to be done hereafter. But upen
what data, on what information, and for what ne-
cessity was this appropriation to be made? When-
ever the departments should have complied with
the act of last session, he should be willing to vo'e
the money.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia said be had a few re-
marks to make on the subject before the commit-
tee. It seemed to him that the appropriation was-,
proper, and should be made. It was for clerks
not m regular employment, and who might not
and would not le employed unless there was ser-
vice for them lo perform. It was true that no du-
ties now existed to be performed; yet such might,
arise. Suppose Corgress should make calls for
informaiion, to be prepared during the recess; it
would be absolu'ely necessary to employ Ixtra
cleiks". How were they to be paid without an ap-
propriation?
Mr. BLACK had no doubt of the general cor-
r. ctness < f the position of ihe gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith;] but he wished to know
whether the law of C mgress-, making it the duty ef
the depatiments to report the necessity of empty-
ing theje extra clerks, had been complied with?
Mr. FILLMORE remaiked that the law merely-
required a report of past expendi'Utes; it had noth-
ing to do with future onts Next year, the rt port
would come in, stating bow the money now pro-
pped lo be appropriated had been expended.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia resumed, and read a
portion of the law of last session, specifying when
extra clcrks shall be employed, and what shall be
the duty of ihe departments in relation thereto. It
would be perceived that the difficulty of the gfn-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Black] was obviated
by the fact, that a report of the manner in which
tois money had been bpent would, according to the
law, have- to bs made at ihe next session of Con-
gr<*ss. Again: he knew of a case where a call was
made for information two 5ears since, and not com-
plied with, owing to the inadequacy of labor in the
department. Would the geUietean Irom Georgia
[Mr. Black] h&vo the cleiks in employment with-
out psy? Such would be the case, unless this ap-
propriation were passed.
In making these remarks, he did not hesitate to
avow his belief that there were many inefficient
do lis in the departments, and much loom for re-
form. It was often Ihe case that clerks who
