CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
of Southerland Mayfield, praying that his pension I
may be extended to the time he received his wounds
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
CAPITOL HILL INSTITUTE.
Mr. BOWNE offered the following resolution,
which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the use of this hall bo granted to the Capitol
Hill Institute on Saturday evening next, at 7 o'clock, tor !he
delivery of a lecture before the association by the Hon. Levi
Woodbury.
FEES IN BANKRUPTCY.
Mr. ERONSON called up his resolution, which
he submitted yesterday, in the following words;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he
hereby id, required to obtain, with as little delay as practicable,
-a statement offees taxed by the seveiaJ cierks of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, m admiralty and bank-
rupt cases: showing the amount of fees taxed by said several
clerks, with the items constituting said amount in a cass m
admiralty; and, also, in a case in bankruptcy, either to the
bankrupt, or a creditor, when there is no adverse appearance;
and showing the whole amount offers that have been actually
paid to each clerk on petitions, and other proceedings under
the bankrupt act, to tins date; and, also, the amount received
by said clerks for filing papers, &c., and for blank forms
and copies, in cases of bankruptcy under said act, and up to this
date.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOXJL# inquired if the gentle-
man from Maine had examined a set of resolutions
passed at the last session, to ascertain whether
they did not cover the whole ground?
Mr. BRONSON replied that the resolution allu-
ded to by the gentleman from Pennsylvania did
not comprehend the information which he sought
. to obtain.
The resolution was then agreed to.
LATE COLLECTOR OF PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. TOLAINfD submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Jtesalvecty That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
Inform this House whether any charges have nl any time been
preferred to the department against Jonathan Roberts, late col-
lector of the port ot Philadelphia, relative to hia discharge of
the duties of said ofiu-e; and, il'anyhave been, that lie be do-
rectedto furnish copies of the same. Also, that he trarsmit to
this House copies of any order, instruction, or request, address-
ed to the said Jonathan Roberis, (o remove or appoint any sub
ordinate officer of the customs at the port of Philadelphia. Also,
a copy of the order or letter dismissing him Iroin the ollice of
collector of said port: and copies ot all letters and papers in pos-
session of the department relating to ihe subjects ombraced by
tills resolution.
Objection was msde to the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr. TOLAND moved a suspension of the rules,
for us reception.
The SPEAKER being unable to decide on th 
vote, (being taken viva voce,)
Mr. BOTTS called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. WISE said the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia had better make his call on the President of
the United Slates, as he was the officer who had
the power of removal m such cases, and as the pa-
pers might be with him, and not with (be Secre-
tary.
Mr. TOLaND was understood to reply that
he only called for such matters as were in ihe
control of ihe department, and such as ihis Htuse
had the right to call (or.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and the
result was, yeas 96, nays 81; which being less than
a majority of two-third?, the rules were not sus-
pended.
IRREGULARITY OF THE MAILS.
Mr. MERIWETHER submitted the following
resolution, and it was agresd io:
Resolvedy That the Postmaster General infoml thu* Hou^e
what, if any, arrangements have been made by that department
to secure the more regular transportation of the mail between
Washington City and Augusta, Georgia; how many failure? oi
the mail between these placcs have oeen repoited to that de-
partment between the 1st dt y ot July last ami the 1st day ot
December, what conductors have been fined, and how
often, arid to what amount, during the same period.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into a Commitlee of the Whole on ihe biil
No. 615, being a bill making appropriatiois tor
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for the half calendar ye->r ending the 30th day of
June, 1843.
The motion was agreed so, and Mr. Briggs
took the chair.
The committee then proceeded with the bill, and
passed through various items utilil it came to ihe
appropriation for defrajihg the various experses
of the Supreme, Circuit, and District Courts of the
United States, $238,000; when
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to reduce the
appropriation |50,000. The committee would
recollect, he said, tbat when this subject was under
consideration last session, he made the same mo-
tion that he now did—that is, to reduce the appro-
priation one hundred thousand dollars for the
year. The subject was fully discussed, and the
proposition was adopted—first in Committee of the
Whole, and afterwards in the House, by a majority
of twenty-five on the call of the yeas and nays. The
object was to reduce what was considered to be a
great and unnecessary expense in thisdepaitment of
the Government; and this object having been ac-
complished, an attempt was made in the Senate to re-
store the su m that had been stricken out iti the Hi- use.
Tbat attempt was negatived by a decisive vote;
bat, at the last expiring moment of the session, the
chairman of ihe Committee on Finance in the Sen-
ate succeeded in getting the §100,000 put back in
the bill making an appropriation for the Wyandot
Indians. In this way, the appropriation was got
through the Senate, and ultimaiely through the
House. Mr. I. said that it was due to economy,
and due to the esprit du corps of the House, (which
was the purse-bearer of the nation,) that when it
thought fit to reduce the appropriation, the Senate
should not be permitted to smuggle it back in this
way.
Mr. FILLMORE admitted that the expenditure
which the gentleman wished to reduce was extrav-
agantly high, and that some abuces existed in this
department of the Government which ought to be
corrected: But Mr. F. s,aid that the withholding
the appropriations would not remedy the evils 'com-
plained of. The officers of the Judiciary bad es-
tablished fees; and, if they v.-pre not paid this year,
th;y must be the next. Mr. F. intimated that
some, further legislation would be necessary to
correct the abuses Complained of; and lhat the
committee proposed to bring in a bill for that pur-
pose before the c'ose of the session.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL hardly knew what to say
to ihis. He had no doubt that all the chairman of
the Commiitce of Ways and Means said was per-
fectly sincere; and that the assurance be gave the
House to have further action on the subject before
the close of the session would be verified.
The Chairman acknowledged lhat there was some
thing exiremely wrong, and, he (Mr. J) musi bepei-
mitted to say, something that could only be rem-
edied in the way be proposed. If he understood
the mailer, these"very large charges occurred in
this way: The officers of the courts, witnesses,
juror?, &c., and all the persons concerned in the
admini.vtraiion of justice, received a eel tain per
diem compensation, and ihe courts sat so many
days in the year more than was necessary, that
their expenses were greatly increased. He took it,
therefore, that it was in the power of the House, by
reducing the fund placed at the disposition of this
department, to he distributed among the officers of
the different courts, to keep their expenses within
reasonable bounds.
After a further explanation from Mr. FIL-
MORE,
Mr. INGERSOLL withdrew his motion, reser;.
tng to himself the power of renewing it in the
House.
Mr. MERIWETHER called the attention of
the chairman of the committee to the omission of
sn appropriation for the marAal of Georgia,
while there was an appropriation for the marshals
of all the other States. Deeming this to be an ac-
cidental omission of the. department, he moved
to amend the. bill by inserting one hundred dollars
for the marshal of Georgia
Mr. ROOSEVELT also called the attention of
the chairman to a similar omission of an appro-
priation lor the masshal of the southern district
of New Y<--rk; but at the request of
Mr FILLMORE, these omissions were passed
over till the bill could be read through.
HASSLER'S COAST SURVEY.
Mr. AYCRIGG moved to strike out the appro-
priation for the survey of the coast of ihe United
Staiie^ including compensation of superintendent
and assistants, $50,000.
Mr. MALLORY said it would be recollected
lhat, at the la>.t session of Congress, tbe House ap-
pointed a select committee to examine this subject.
The committee were engaged in their investigations
several months, their duties were very arduous,
, and a large mass of information was obtained. In
consequence, however, of the absence of certain in-
formation deemed material by the committee, and
from other causes, they were unable to report dar-
ing the session. The result of their examinatiOHj
however, was, that, although they ware satisfied of
the importance of this work, a majority of them
came to the conclusion that the individual placed
at the head of it was both physically and tnjntally
incapable of carrying it on. They, then fore, came
to the determination, when they should make a re-
port, to bring in a bill to correct the abuses which
they believed to exist. While, however, he said
this much, he would also say that be was opposed
to&uiking out the appropriation, for the work
must still go on.
Mr. AYCRIGG asked if the appropriation of
the last year was cxhaused.
Mr. MALLORY would answer the gentleman
as far as he could, by sayirts that the superintends
ent was still ill the field, and had not been to Wash'
ington; therefore, it was impossible io state how
much of the appropriation was on hand. He re-
peated, that he could see no propriety in withhold-
ing ihe appropriation, for it was in the power of
Congress to correct ihe abuses that might be found
to exist.
Mr. WISE ask'ii' if he understood his colleague
correctly, iti faying lhat a majority of ihe com-
mitlee came to the conclusion that the superin-
tendent was physically and mentally incapable of
carrying on tbe work.
Mr. MALLORY u-plied in the affirmative.
Mr. WISE would ask his colleague if there was
stny vole io the emmit'ee on this head.
Mr. MALLORY said lhat when the majority of
the committee came to that conclusion, and de-
termined to make a report to that effect, bis col-
league and the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Holmes] were not present,
Mr. WISE expressed hi? astonishment at what
his colleague stated, and declared lhat it was the
first time he had ever heard it said that Mr. Hass-
ler was menially and physically incapable.
Mr MALLORY said it was not his fault if his
colleague was not present,
Mr. "WISE rose in vindication of the expedi-
ency of the appropriation. If it even was a fact
that three of the committee were prepared to re-
port that Mr. Hauler was boih menially and physi-
cally incompetent to carry on this survey in a
proper manner, it was the first he had ever heard
of it. He asserted that a majority of the. com-
mittee never had come to any such determination!
They would not dare to put it in an official form
that they believed the celebrated mathematician
Hassler mentally incompetent to perform the du-
ties of this survey. True it migt'ibf, that, in ma-
king disbursements—in mere mechanical oper-
ations—Mr. might be an unfit person; but,
in the '.".(Uiiipnlation of instruments, there was no
one who could compare with mm. The testimony
of Europe was recorded in his favor as a man of
science. Indeed, he (Mr. W.) ventured to assert
ih.it testimony could be adduced to show, and con-
clusively prove, that this survey had been better
and more cheaply conduced than any other work
in ihe world.
Here Mr. MALLORY interrupted Mr. W., and
denied the positions which the latter gentleman
had assumed. He referred to a map engraved
froiH a chart of Mr. Hauler, by order of the
House, and appealed to the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Aycrigg] to state how that chart had
been oxecuted. *
Mr. WISE. I dssiie him  o state what he
knows. [Here Mr. Aycrigg left the hall, and
went io the library to get the chart and map re-
ferred to.j In the absence of the gentleman, be
would state the facts, as he had them from Capt.
Gedney, whose statements were in every respect to
be relied on. The map was lithographed here ia
