CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
confessed his error in bis discovery that the
earth revolved round she sun, but who whispered
to a neighbor, at the same time, "Though I do
confess my error, the world will go round the sun,
for all that," And those philosophers would find
that, in the judgment of posterity, (if they were
capable of knowing aught about the things of this
life,) the world does go round the sun, for all that.
He hoped the House would get a full report frpm
the committee, who were made the jury in the
caie, before they ventured to determine on such an
important subject; and not destroy, on an appro-
priation bill, on ex parte statements, a plan which
•was commenced in the time of Mr. Jefferson,-
■which had been prosecuted at a vast expense,
■which embraced the whole line of their coast, and
not only the lives of their marine, but the passen-
gers who came to our shores, and the great inter-
ests of commercial enterprise.
Mr. CUSHING- went into a lengthened state-
ment of the proceedings ot the committee to v; ho til
this investigate n was intrusted; who, having been
Unable to complete their inquiries during the last
session, were continued, by a resolution of the
House on the day of its adjournment, to the pres-
ent session. Tnc subject was divided into two
classes—administrative and scientific; the former
of which only had they fully considered. And not-
withstanding the coiuslusions of his own mind on
that branch of the subject which they had explored
—feeling strongly t'ae public importance, and the
deep interest to the country, and to its commerce,
and to the learning and science of the wot Id, of this
great scientific work—he hoped it would be prose-
cuted to its completion. He regtefed that this ap-
propriation had rot bpen peimitted to pass, and he
hoped the committee would not agree to strike it
out. So high was his estimate of the woilr, 'hat
not only incompetency, but mismanagement should
be pardoned to secure its completion. He intended
to vote for this appropriation,though he felt bound
to stale the conclusion to which he, in common
with others, had arrived respecting the character of
the superintendent. The class of topics which
he calle'd administrative, he divided into two
branches: the physical condition and the men-
tal condition of the perton who had the super-
intendence of the work. And he was the last
man to say that an old and faithful servant,
who had discharged his duty to his country, should
be removed for his infirmities; but, if tb&t fact
Were put in is-me—'o wit, whether that coast sur-
vey had been unno.essanly delayed; whether prop-
er despa ch and all pr .ctical economy had been re-
sorted to,—on aoin^ into those questions, they
would rcn their heads a^iinst the fact that Mr.
Hassler, Crow the infirmities of age, was deprived,
during a portion of the year, of the full ability to
superintend the work, as a younger and more vig-
orous man would do. The work had been delayed
by the infirmities of age.
Mr. WISE said that sickness had caused it. It
Was the fe?er which had produced delay.
Mr. CUSHING. Yes, and that wa*< connected
With old age. And he was told that ihe average
employment had not been more than time months
in the year.
Mr. WISE said that he was a younger man
than the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. GUSHING. I call the gentleman to order.
[Roars of laughter.]
Mr. WISE repeated that he was a younger man
by several years than the gentleman from Massachu-
setts; and yet he had been confined for six weeks this
fall with the bilious fever. But it was said that Mr.
Hassler had been but three months in th? field m
the year; and here he would ohsprve, that if he had
not been in the field, (and there were five or fix
months in the year durms which the youngest
could not be in the field,) he had been in his office,
going through the figures which the fieid-work had
accumulated.
Mr. GUSHING said he did nut wish now to be
pressed to go into trie minute details; and there-
fore he would return to the questiqn of physical
incompetency. What was the nature of the coast
survey? It was, in fact, a great bureau of this
Government; and Mr. Hassler was the superin-
tendent of its vast enterprise—a bureau involving
a much larger per^onnsl siui expenditure of money
than some other bureaus of this Government; and
it was one ot the difficulties "which stood in the
way of a speedy and prompt prosecution of the
work, that an individual had been selected who,
whatever and how superlative soever Mr. Hass-
ler's merits might be, did not bring administrative
merit to the conduct of a bureau in which so .many
persons were employed, and an annual expenditure
incurred of §100,000.
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Cushino] if he was one of those who
came to the conclusion that Mr. Hassler was men-
tally and physically incapable, as stated by his col-
league.
Mr. CUSHING said he was not present when
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mallory] was
on the floor, and did not hear what was said by
him.
Mr. flALLORY begged leave to explain. He
had stated that the basis of the report they contem-
plated making, was the conviction on their minds
that Mr. Hassler was mentally and physically in-
capable of discharging the duties of superintendent.
Mr. CUSHING said that he had already suffi-
ciently gone into detail in regaid to the physical
part of the subject; and, as to the mental part of it,
he wished to avoid going into it. It was enough
for him to say that he came (o the conclusion that
Mr. Hassler was incompetent to the discharge of
his administrative duties as head of the bureau.
He did not intend to enter into the question
whether Mr. H., as a man of science, was compe-
tent or incompetent. But granting that his scien-
tific qualifications were as great as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] rated them to be; yet,
he v. as satisfied that the House, upon an exami*.
nation of the testimony taken by the committee,
would come to the conclusion that he was unfitted
to discharge the administrative part of his dutii s.
Mr- C., however, strongly deprecated the with-
drawal of the appropriation. He had rather (he
said) that the surveys should be continued under
the charge ef Mr. Hassler, than retard a work that
was so important in a scientific and ccmmcrcial
point of view. He hoped the committee would
leave the appropriation as it was.
On motion by Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL, the com-
mittee rose and reported progress.
Mr. JOHN G. FLOYD moved that when the
House adjourned, it should adjourn over to Mon-
day next.
Mr. FILLMORE called for the yeas and nays
on the motion, which were ordered; when
Mr. FLOYD withdrew the motion.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 17, 1842.
Mr. Dixon H. Lev/is and Mr. Shield-- of
Alabama, and Mr. Gwin of Mississippi, this
morning took their seats. Mr. Puopfit, also, has
arrived in the city, but in such a state of ill heahh
as to confine him to his room.
Mr. MED1LL presented a memorial from a
number of the citizens of Somerset, Ohio, inclu-
ding six members of the bar at that place, asking
a repeal of the law of the last session, establish-
ing the summer term of the circuit aad district
courts for Ohio, at Cincinnati, and that both terms
be held at Columbus, as formerly.
By the request of Mr. LOWELL, ihe following
petitions and papers were taken from the files and
referred, viz:
The petition and other papers of Nicholas
Thomas for a pension: to the committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions;
Trie petition and other papers of Henry Doir
for a pension: !o ihe Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions;
The petition and other papers of William Pool
for a pension: to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions;
The petition of Freeman Hsll and others for an
appropriation for a breakwater at Hstimcus Island,
Maine: to the Committee on Commerce; and
The petition of John Patten, jr., for the allow-
ance of a bounty on fishing schooner' Credit."
Mr. J. CAMPBELL introduced his colleague,
the Hon. S. W. Trotti, who was sworn, and took
his seat. [Mr. Trotti is the successor of Mr.
Samson H. Butler.]
KENTUCKY ASYLUM.
Mr J. R. THOMPSON asked leave to intro-
duce a bill in relation to ihe land heretofore.given
to the Kentucky asylum for the deaf and dumb.
After soma objection on the part of Mr. BAR-
NARD to the irregularity of (he proceeding, (no
notice having been given,) and some explanations
by Mr. THOMPSON, the bill was allowed to be
introduced, and passed through all its stages.
LIBRARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. TILLINGHAST submitted the following
joint resolution; and it was agreed to:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That of the copies
of the catalogue of the Library of Congress, last published,
now remaining on hand, there be distributed, by the libiananj
one copy to each member of Congress.
THE PUBLIC CREDIT.
Mr. EVERETT gave notice that he would, to-
taorrow, or on the first opportunity, ask leave to
introduce a bill entitled "A bill to revive and es-
tablish the public credit." [Laughter.]
REVOLUTIONARY PENSIONS.
Mr. EVERETT offered the following resolution;
and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pension
to Adam Pond, a revolutionary soldier.
He also offered the following resolutions; which
were adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing patents
to issue to Chester Baxter, A, Blake, and Jason Steele, for lots
Nos. 27,^,3(5, 37, 38, !:9, and <10, in township 16, range 16 east,
in the southeastern district of Louisiana.
Resolved, That the claim of the administrator of Joseph
Edsou, some'ume marshal of the Vermont district, for pound-
age on sundry executions in favor of the United States, be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. J. R. INQERSOLKj presented a-memorial
of citizens of Philadelphia, relative lo French spoli-
ations prior to 1800, which he briefly explained;
and urged ihe necessity of acting at au early day
on the bill now on the calendar of the House on
that subject. The memorial was committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
PENITENTIARY OF THE DISTRICT OF
COLUMBIA.
Mr. BOARD&IAN submitted the following re-
solution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States Be request-
ed to communicate to this House the annual expense to the
public treasury of maintaining (he penitentiary in the District
ot Columbia dum-g the l.ist five yeais, Also the number of
ofliiersand men now employed m the chaigc and bupermten-
dencp theieof, with th^ compensation allowed to each, the
number of pusoners confined therein, the offences for which
they were severally sentenced, and the peiiods for which they
wore to be confined Also the occupation of the several pris-
oners—whether employed by contractors, at a stipulated price,
under the superintendence ol the officers, or upon materials
or work immediately for the use of the Government, together
with the gross amount ot the avails of the labor of the pris-
oners ; he cost of the food, clothes, and medicine of the
prisoneis. Also the expense incurred by any agency or com-
mission msuruted within the last two years, for any purpose
connected with Ihe prison, and chargcable upon the treasury.
Mr. BOWNE said he wished the House to get
to its regular business, and therefore he objected
to these resolutions, and to all others at this time.
The resolution was inconsequence not received.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIATION
BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE said the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Claims had appealed to him to allow
this day to be devoted to private bills; but he, nev-
ertheless, felt bound to move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole, on bill
No. 615, being a bill making appropriations for
the civil and diplomatic expenses of Government
for tbe half calendar year ending the 30th day of
Jane, 1843. He made this motion, as he con-
ceived, in the discharge of his duty; and he left it
to the House to dispose of it as it might think
proper.
The SPEAIiER pat the question, and an-
nounced tbat the noes appeared to have it.
A division was called for; and the Speaker an-
nounced the result to be 52 in the affirmative, and
48 in the negative—being less than a quorum.
