60
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Tellers were called for, (a quorum evidently be-
ing in the House;) and Messrs. Boardman and
Weller were appcinted; arid, after taking the
vote, they announced the result to be 86 in the af-
firmative, and 53 in the negative. The motion
was therefore carried, and Mr. Brigss took the
chair.
When the committee rose yesterday, the pending
question was on the motion of Mr. Aycrigg, to
strike out the item of $50,000 for the coast survey;
and the debate on that question was now resumed.
Mr. J R. INGERSOLL entered into a defence
of Mr. Hassler, whose history, connexion with
this Government, sacrifices, services, attainments,
and qualification?, h; minutely detailed and eulc-
ized.
Mr. REYNOLDS obtained the floor, but yield-
ed it to
Mr. AYCRIGG, who made a brief explan
ation in reply to Mr. Ingersoll. The reporter
heard Mr. A. too indistinctly n venture upon a
sketch of his rema'ks.
Mr. REYNOLDS said it had been repeatedly
asserted in the course of the debate, that Mr. Hau-
ler had no fri'ands here; but he shohld infer, after
bearing the warm and eloquent eulogy pronounced
on him by the gentleman from Philadelphia, [Mr.
J. R IsGErtsoLL,] that he could not have an abler
or more zealous ad vr.ca e, eiihpr with or without a
fee; though he was t-ur-i that the gentleman defend-
ed him wi'hout one. Mr. K. said that he, for one,
Was not an enemy of Mr. Hassler; on the contrary,
he was his friend. He was not one to say that,
because he was a foreigner, he shi-u Id not receive the
patronage of the Government; for he would make
no distinction between naiive and adopted cit'zens.
This country was but of recent growth, and but a
few years back we were a'l foreigners; so that a
doctrine contrary to his would exclude all. Bat
to return to th" subject under discussion. Ac-
cording to the gentleman from Philadelphia, if Mr.
Hassler was to be turned out of office, this Repub-
lic would be put an end to—the wheels of the Gov-
ernment would stand still; and not only that, but
this great work, so important to the scientific and
Commercial world, would be stopped. This was
the force of the gentleman's argument Why, the
Work mi^ht be stopped, and still the Republic suf-
fer nodetriaicnt, Ifth* gentleman would refer toone
oi the documents which he had been handling, h"
would find that the work w,n once suspended for fif-
teen }ears, and Mill no ei.Mt evils happened in con-
sequence of it. N'.w, )a only w;-.nt™ it to be sus-
pended till (he report of the eommit'ee came in,
and then they wouid be tM'er able to determine
■what course it was proper to take in regard to it.
The gentleman contended that a majority of the
committee did not tome to the conclusion (asstatrd
fey the gentleman from Virginia) that Mr Hass!er
was mentally and physically incompetent. Wow,
he did nol kiii.w huw the gentleman strive,'! a, that
eorx.liHon. Some people were vo aristocratic m
(heir ideas, that ney did not wish the majority to
govern; but he hoped that the mind of the gentle-
man, Ihorsgh he lived in ih« fine eity of Philadel-
phia, war not so perverted as to make him believe
that two wet'- a msjori'v of rive. Had not the
committee the right t.i say that Mr. Hassler wa-i
phvs'eally and mpn'«!ly incomnetenf? Fie was
told that ike gentleman from Philadelphia was a
lawyer, and a very eminert one—he was, too, a
Philadelphia lawyer.
[Mr. Ingsrsoli. here made some remark sk;
heard by the refrier.]
Mr. R. said that he too1; the gentleman for ?.
lawyet from Ivs r-pfciil ple'dirg, and he-.', oeld
cite a sample of it, Ti:-> ^endcmari 'a;J '.hat there
was no repot'. True, there  a? not a written cr.-;
but the majority of t,pp cemmi'iee lriforrrel the
House cf the ba:-*s of one tint they hr-d emed
upon,. The gentleman, pcrhar.', vfo'ild rev agree
that there was a report until he raw it in Galus &
Seatcn's paper, with Gale^ & Scstori's ink und tyre.
Mr. R. then spoke of the Atlantic influence
which operated in favor of d.is appropriation, nod
<-aia tha' ihe gen'lc.nan resided in he city of Phi!-
adelphis, where everybody was in favor of ihe
coast survey. He was also surrounded by the in-
fluence of those whose employments depended on
the continuance ol iti<> ..'rvivy. Tl.e iai'oj (nation
which the genthman go' diis momma, and which
he had just cotmnimicaird to the House, came
from that source. The other members of the com-
mittee, also, were subject to this Atlantic influ-
ence, and would, therefore, vote for the appropria-
tion. This was all very natural and very proper.
He himself lived under an influence of a different
nature—he meant that of the national road—-and
should endeavor to obtain all the appropriations he
could for it. Let us, however, (said Mr. 11.,) re-
turn to Mr. Hassler. -He believed it was art ex-
traordinary issue, that the Congress of the United
States should go into an investigation of a man's
age. Now, it was not necessary for th  committee
to say anything about age; they had a tighi to say
thit the superintendent was menially and physical-
ly incompetent, without referring to his age. Here
were three individual?, under t;,e solemnity of their
oaths, declared that he was mentally and physical-
!" inCCrr.pdSm. "Was not thisinough, withoutgo-
ing into his age? Ought he, after the announce-
ment of this fact, to continue in office? Should the
President be forced to continue him? Had Mr.
Hassler a right to this office for life? He was
aware tnat there was a mistaken notion enterta'tied
by many, that a public officer had a property ir, the
office he held; but he did not agree to give in to
such a doctrine. The gentleman from Philadel-
phia urged that Mr. H. was not only a man of
science and a philosopher, bat that he was the only
man in the Union capable ot carrying on this
work. Wow, he looked upon ii as a reproach to
the Union—as disreputable to the Republic—to say
that, out of a population of seventeen millions,
th<=re was only urie man capabl" of siir. eying our
coasts. Where was the West Point academy, and
the number of scientific younsr men there yearly
educated at a vast expense to the nation? Would
the gentleman say that none of these were capable.
If so, the i-j.-mtuiion ought to be abolished. Would
the gentleman say that none of the officers r f life
navy were capable? He would pause for the gen-
tleman's reply, and spare him a few minutes ot the
time sllw'ted him (Mr. R ) to enable him to answer
ihe inquiry."
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said hs would
answer the gentleman with pleasure. He did not
believe that there was a,single officer of the army
or navy, or, indeed, ft. single individual in the ra-
tion,. capable of >npeiiritendmg the work zs it had
bren done by (Mr. Hassler.
Mr. MALLORY, on leave being given him by
Mr. Retnoliw, "Hid tbst he would give the geritle-
ii'an some iBl'ormation of wha1 tool: place in the
committee-room. Hearing the great age of the
superintendent spok<-n of, they thought it necrs
sary to aseertsin whether the survey could he car-
ried on, should he die belore its completions and
they, therefore, made inquiries, in relation to ia s
point, of some of the office's engaged in it, who
were able and cotrpefcnt men. They answered
ihat there were many men in the country peifeetiy
competent, in cverv way, to carry on the work.
Nov/, as to the tga of Ft'ir. Hassler. He said t*>at
he hn! been liny six years in the public service,
and tnat he first turned his attention to jurispru-
dence and diplomacy.
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL said that he had re-
ceived severs! communications on this subject,
one of which was signed M. C. Hassler, m which
the writer said th.it bis father was just severuy-
three years of age.
Mr. REYNOLDS comi'Mi'"'. The pge of the
in 'ividval had nothing to do with ihe subject,
the gentlemen of the cimuit'ee nor ha'.'iea been
honed 'o give their reasons roc pernios to thf con-
clusion that they did—.'hat he was mental'y an''
physically inenrr>pe«ent. This was no d.ssrar.e
to f'/ir. :i?ssler. He ontfit to reure f'ora 'he
public service, 'or no mr.n would des re to
continue in office alter such an stnouiicr-
tneni No man was b,< iesine of
fice, any more than by b°injr beaten in an e'ec-
tioii. " There was his friend f<-;fore him, who
either had been, or would be be?.ifu: and ye! it was
no disgrace to him. Let the eld gentleman, then,
retire; and he would find himself much more com-
fortable in the bosom of his family, than camping
out in the snows of New Jersey, as stated by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. But the friends of
Mr. H. on this floor wanted to make his character
a pretext for continuing the appropriation, and
dwelt much on Ms services, and the hardships hd
encountered. Did he not hear'tbe gentleman from
Philadelphia eloquently decUimingabout the storms
hovering over the old man's head, while he was
engaged in his arduous labors in the field—the
ground covced with snow, and he without a tent
to lie in? Why, no attack was made on Mr. Hass-
ler's character. The affair of the map wSs only
spoken of by the gentleman front New Jersey [Sir.
Aycribg] as an evidence of his incompetency, and
not of bis criminality. No forgery was charged.
The gentleman, as a lawyer, knew very well what
constituted forgery; end that the charge did not
amount to that. After some further remarks, Mr.
R. went on to urge that the appropriation for the
survey should be postponed at least till the report
of the committee was received. This he con-
ceived to be required by prudence, as well as econ-
omy. He further observed, that while he was for
an economical expendi-ure of the public money, he
was for equalizing the appropriations more than
had hitherto been done, between the Atlantic and
Western portions of the Union. He looked upon
the harbors for the lakes, the improvement of the
Mississippi and Ohio, and the purchasing out, so
as to make free, the Louisville and Portland Ca-
nal, as objec's of far more importance than the
coast survey.
Mr. TILL1NGHAST ros? and advocated the
appropriation. He csmmenced by referring to
the arraignment of an ancient philosopher and
poet before the Areopagus, where he appeared oh
trial, and seemed to be mentally and physically
incompetent. That man was Sophocles, and was
thought to be insane. Yet he defended himself
by reading a portion of a worktie was then en-
gaged in writing—the cehbrated tragedy of the
CEdtpus Coloneus—a work read with pleasure
even to the present day. The trial of Mr Hass-
ler at this time reminded him of this iscident.
He, too, had defended himself, by detailing a por-
tion ot bis labors—which, however, were such
as not to be understood by his judges. Yet this
philosopher was engaged upon a work which here-
after might render him as celebrated in one depart-
ment of knowledge, as old Sophocles was in an-
otter."
He (Mr. T.) thought that the object sought to
be attained could not be accomplished by rejecting
this appropriation. A law remained in force au-
thorizing the President, to employ a superintendent
of siie soast survey; and so long as this was the
law,a superin'endent might be kept in office. If
there was any f,.u!tto find with the present super-
intendence, the House shruid express their opinion,
end induce the President to change it. If it was
alleged that tue work was failing to answer its
purpose, and was only calculated to decoy into
dan«er, instead of affording beacons for the pres-
crva'ion of life and property, M there be an in-
vestigation; Iff Mr. Hauler's performance be in-
quired into, and justice done him. He (Mr T.)
<!eprecc-te.J any act of t'fe Hou^e that would sud-
denly as.-ign Mr. Has ler to retirement and dh-
mis-ion, Wiihoutdue investigation.
He went on to explain the reason of the differ-
ence of the map from the correct standard. He al-
luded to the pamphlet correcting the four hundred
error?, referred to yesterd  y by the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr, Aycrigg,] as having been com-
mitted hi a book of 200 pa es. This minute cor-
r(cti n was to hirn an evidence of Ihe ejtreme de-
sire on Mr. H.'s part to he accurate. He read
from the pamphlet of errata to show that the er-
rors charged were mostly errors cf grammar and
siyle, and not a^jthematical error?.
Mr. WISE wis-hed the committ e to take notice
thsit the gentleman fro   Rhode Island read from
the bofik adduced en to. lerda*, by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Ayckigq,] to prove the in-
competency cf Mr. Hsssler.
Mr. TILLING HAST resumed. These errois
were of the most trifling character, or, 8S a gentle-
man near him [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll] said, were
mere corrigenda. He had been informed by scientific
