CONGRESSIONAL GLOfiE.
6i
men that Mr. H,'s work was, in all respects, re-
markably accurate. He proceeded to notice a
number of objections "urged against the superin-
tendence of this survey. He bad no evidence of
the inertness of Mr. Hassler, and the assistants un-
der him. So far from it, their duties had been
pursued with remarkable industry and vigor. As
to the delay in the publication of the maps, he
could see no reason to censure Mr. H. for not
bringing them out until he was authorized to do
so. He denied that a great scientific work, like
this survey, could be properly carried on, as had
been proposed, under the administrative superin-
tendence ot a bureau. No one was better calcu-
lated to superintend it than Mr. Hassler, although
he might be old; and yet, not so old as some men
of great intellectual vigor who sat before him. Af-
ter a few more remarks in relation to the impor-
tance of the survey to the whole country, and to its
commerce, he took his seat.
Mr GILMER, said he rose for the purpose of -
offering an amendment, rather than to make a
speech. It was not his purpose to do anything to
prevent the committee from coming to & vote upon
the question to-day. It seemed to hira that the
debate had taken—he would not say too wide a
range—but a range too far from the work. He
could not perceive what the merits and qualifica-
tions of Mr. Hassler as a man of science and a
mathematician had to do with the expediency and
propriety of making this appropriation. He (Mr. G.)
knew noting of the acquirements of Mr. Hassler,
and his competency to produce a work adequate to
the wants of the country. He could not under-
take to decide in a matter where doctors so widely
differed amongthemselves. [A voice Lawyers ] Yes,
where both doctors and lawyers disagreed. [Laugh ■
ter.] Nor could he see the application ot the re-
marks of the gentleman from Rhode Island, [Mr.
Tillinohast,] in relation to the trial of Sophocles,
to the present item of appropriation.
He (Mr. G.) was disposed to regard this as a
matter of appropriation solely. He was prepared
to reduce every appropriation and every expendi-
ture tinder the Government which would admit of
it. It was, as be conscientiously believed, the duty
of Congress to make this redaction—a duty, the
performance of which was imperiously demanded
of them by the condition of the country. This ex-
penditure was one, he conceived, which might be
dispensed with without injury to the Government.
He would go farther than this; he would advocate
a still further reduction of the army from that
made at the last se sion, especially among the staff,
and in the engineer department. In short, he
meant to vote for reductions in eveiy department
that would admit rf it.
Here Mr. G. was interrupted by calls for die
committee to rise; to which he yielded, ia order thst
a test vote might be taken. The committee re-
fused to rise—ayes 57, noes 72.
Mr. GILMER resumed, and expressed his gra'i-
fication that the committee had refused to rise.
He reiterated his assurance that he did not mean,
by his vote, to express any opinion of Mr. Ha-sler
as a man of science. It had, however, been urge t
as a reason for continuing the appropriation, that
a sudden suspension of the survey would occasion
injury to the Government, from the fact that ex-
tensive field-notes had been taken, though not
yet reckoned out—a procesi which could not be
accomplished by any one else so well as by Mr.
Hassler. He admitted the argument in pari; and
it was the object of the amendment he should sub-
mit to obviate the difficulty. Ins'ead of malting the
appropriation of §50,000, as contained in the bill, he
s-hould propose to substitute such a sum only as
would be necsssary to enable Mr. Hassler to com-
plete, in the closet, the nn*es and observations al-
ready taken in the field. When the treasury shouli
be in a better condition, the survev might be resumed.
But, at present, the expenses of this Government
exceeded its income. The Government was puz-
zled how to raise mesns to meet its most pres-sirg
and imraedia'e engagements. It had borrowed un-
til it cculd borrow no more. There was bat one
alternative left—and that a reduction of expenses,
gnd the withholding of all appropriations not of
absolute necessity. The present was one of that
character, and therefore he opposed it.
He was loth to do injury either to the Govern-
ment or to individuals, and, therefore, on the present
occasion, he was willing to grant such a sum as
would enable Mr. Hassler to complete his notrs.
The same process of reduction he would have
carried into effect with regard to other appropria-
tions.
Mr. AYCRIGG here suggested to Mr. G. to move
to strike out $50,000, and insert $20,000.
Mr. GILMER accepted . the suggestion, and
made a motion accordingly. The committee, he
said, would perceive that, by the proposed redaction,
$30,000 would be saved the ensuing year, and
§100,000 each year thereafter. It was impossible
for a Government like oars to taka any such step
as that proposed, without experiencing a temporary
inconvenience. Its paramount duty -was retrench-
ment. The only remedy for the times was re-
trenchment; and, indee'', it was the only remedy
that could be successfully resorted to in order to
restore private and public faith, now sank so low
as to make every American witb patriotic feelings
look upon his country with the deepest regret.
Mr. AYCRIGG here signified his acceptance
of the motion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Gilmer ] in lieu of his own; which was to strike
out the whole appropriation.
Mr. BURNELL then obtained the floor, and
was about to address the committee, when, at the
request of many members, he yielded to a motion
that the committee rise; which motion was carried.
The committee rose and reported progress.
Mr. WISE offered a resolution of inquiry, which
was adopted, exiling on the Secretary of the Navy
for information m relation to the appropriation of
last session for the construction of a dry-dock at
Brooklyn.
The SPEAKER la'd before the House several
executive communications:
1. A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House of
June 23ii, 1842, callins for a statement of the num-
ber of cargoes entered at American and foreign
ports by ves-els of the United States. Laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
2 A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering the report of the Coi/imisKioner of
th- Genetal Land Office, in relation (certain pri-
vnte land claims at New Orleans: leferied So th1?
Committee on Private Land Claims, and ordered
to be printed.
vir. BOARDMAN again offered his resolution,
catling tn Pi-sidc-nt for imformaiios respecting
the penitentiary tn the District of Columbia;
which was adopted.
Mr. CUSHINGr offered a re-solu!ion, ( liich was
,-d^pt;d,) instructing the Committee on Revolution-
ary Pensions to itiqi.re ints the expediency of re-
viving the act of July, 1838, allowing pensions to
certain widows,
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL inquired of the Chair
when resolutions would be in order?
The SPEAKER answered, Monday next; which
will be resolution day.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, December 19, 1849.
Mr. Walker of Mississippi, and Mr. Sevier of
Arkansas, appeared in their seats to-day.
Alter the reading of the journal,
The PRESIDENT pro tem laid he-fore h-'-Sr-n-.ite
a communication from the Treasury Department,
transmitting the annual le-poit of the Secretary,
showing the condition of the finances; when,
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the report was re-
ferred to the Commi'tee on Finance, an.j 1,700
copies, ia addition to the usual quantity, were order-
ed to be printed; 200 of which to be subject to the
disposal of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. also laid before the
Senate a communication from the Srcretary of the
Trea-ury, transmitting the annual report ef.t«e
Commissioner of the General Land Office; whi'h,
on motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, was order-
ed to lie oa the table and be printed,
Also, laid before the Senate a communication,
from the Navy Department, covering a report, in
compliance with a resolution ot the Senate of the
29th June, 1842, upon the subject of the cuitiva-
tion of hemp; which, on motion of Mr. BAYARD,.-
was ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from Samuel
Dicy for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a large number-of persons engaged in (he manu-
facture of hats, similar to others presented by him,
praying Congress so to modify the tariff as to ad-
mit hatters' furs free of datv: referred to the Com-
miitee on Manufactures.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of Mr.
Thomas Allen, printer to the Senate, praying pay-
ment for the printing of the Compendium of the
Sixth Census. Mr. L said there was a letter from
the Secretary of Sta'e accompanying the memorial,
urging upon Congress the propriety of paying the
claim. The whole subject was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of John
Woodward, of Bloomingburg, N. Y., praying com-
pensation for services during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
Also presented the petition of Jonathan Brown,
of Sullivan county, N. Y., a drummer m the revo-
lutionary army, praying a pension: referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONRAD presented a petition from the
New Orleans and Carrollton Railroad Company,
praying a modification of the taiiff, and an ex'en-
sion of the time now required for laying down iron
imported for the use of their railroad: referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. ARCII-SR piesented a petition from the
directors of the Petersburg Railroad Company,
praying an extension of the time required by law
for laying down the iron imported lor (he use cf
faid company: referred to thi Committee on Fi-
nance.
* Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
C. Evans, praying that his invention to prevent the
explosion of steam-boileis may be applied to the
steam-vessels ot the United States: referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a memorial from
citizens of Illinois, as-king Congress to refund to
General Jackson the line and costs imposed on him
by Jfdg' Hall of New Orleans, and the interest
(hereon: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr'. BARROW ptesented a petition from John
L, Dsloe, praying for the privilege of entering land
in feu of h.iiu lost to him by tt-_e settlement of the
boundary line between the United States and Tex-
R-: referrel to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS piesented a petition of citi-
zens of the Sia'e of Maine, piaying for the repeal
of the bankrupt law: referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
On motion of Mr. W1L I.\MS, the petition of
Noah Miller was ordered to be taken from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Messrs. BATES, EVANS, SMITH ef Indiana,
FULTON, and LINN, severally gave notice that
tht-y would, on to-morrow, as* lease to introduce
certain bills.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief ot Jacques Bon and Alexander Coleman,
and thfir heirs and legal representatives; and
A biil to confirm the title of the heirs of Joseph
Thompson, senior, deceased, to a tract of land in
Missouri;
which were read twice, and referred to the Com-
trnt'ee on Private Land Chirrs.
Also, on have, introduced a biil to authorize the
adoption ol measures for the occupation and set-
tlement of the territory of Oregon, and to extend a
certain portion of the laws cf the United States
over the same, and for other purposes; which was
read twice, and, on motion of Mr. LiNN, referred
to a select committee, to consist of five, to be ap-
pointed by the Chair.- Thereupon, the Chair ap«
