CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
John Bronaugh and Archibald Fleming, praying
indemnity for losses sustained in carrying the
United States mail, in consequence of the destruc-
tion of a part of the Potomac-bridge by a freshet:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from Wm.
A. Weaver, praying compensation for work done
in preparing; at the State Department the sixth cen-
sus o' the United State.: referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. PORTER presented a petition from the
Board of Internal Improvement of the State of
Michigan, praying an extension of the time allow-
ed by law for laying down railroad iron imported
free of duty: referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
On motion of Mr. LINN, the petition and pa-
pers of John B McKown were ordered to be ta-
ken from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claim*.
Mr. L. also presented a memorial from citizens
of Platte county, Missouri, praying that a perma-
nent agent might be appointed, to reside at Wes-
ton, or some other convenient point in Missouri,
for the purpose of purchasing, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Navy, such quantity of
water-rotted hemp as might be required for the use
of the Government: referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs. ,
Mr. L. also presented a memorial from citizens
of Attleborough, Massachusetts, praying that the
fine of #1,000 may be refunded to General Jack-
son: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a petition from
citizens of Illinois, praying the repeal of the bank-
rupt law: referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. McR. also presented a petition from John
Dawson, pension agent, Springfield, Illinois, ask-
ing compensation for bis services as agent: refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
Chamber of Commerce of Appalachicola, Flori-
da, praying Congress to make an appropriation for
the construction of two new light-houses on that
coast, for the accommodation of commerce; and
also for the construction of a marine hospital: re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion of Mr. CONRAD, the petition and
papers of the heirs of Madame DeLusser, for the
confirmation of a grant of land in Mobile, were
ordered to be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred te the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, on his motion, leave was granted to with-
draw from the files the petition and papers of Wil-
liam Dubuys.
Mr. ALLEN presented a petition from Asahel
Brainerd, of Cayuga county, Ohio, for an exten-
sion of pension: reterred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. WRIGHT said be socee time since pre-
sented to the Senate a petition, which was now be-
fore the Committee on Claims, from Nimrod Far-
row, and Richard Harris, praying compensation for
constructing a fort in Mobile bay. lie now pre-
sented a petition from I-rael Kctchum, a sub-con-
tractor und.'r those persons, praying that Congress,
in making an appropriation for the purpose, may
not disregard the inteiests of the sub-contractors:
referred to the Committee on Claims
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from the
President and Directors of the Bank of the Me-
tropolis, praying that their charter may be modified
in such manner as they suggest, and which expe-
rience has pointed out to be necessary: refsrred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. B. also presented a petition from Edward
Earle, who is desirous that the Government of the
United S'ates should purchase the right for using
his patent for preserving wood, which he alleges
is much better than the present mode of doing it,
with corrosive sublimate: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, v
was ordered that the petition and papers of
Wareham Kingsbury, for a pcBsion, bp tak'n
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Qommittee on Pensions.
Mr. S. also presented a petition from Hetty
Fossett, the widow of John D. Alveys, for a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Oa motion of Mr. SEVIER, it was ordered that
the petition of Benjamin Murphy be taken from
the files, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
BILLS AND REPORTS.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of the heirs of Nathaniel Pryor, deceased;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Also, on leave, introduced a bill to surrender to
the States of Missouri and Arkansas the alternate
sections of certain public lands, (reported as not
worth the expenses of survey,) for the purpose of
increasing the value of the public domain con-
tiguous; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on thr Public Lands.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred the petition of
Henry Gtnackenboss and others, reported a bill to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to make an
arrangement and compromise with any of the
sureties on the bonds ot Samuel Swartwout, late
collector of the port of New York; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Barbara Spear, the widow of John Spear,
late an invalid pensioner; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Al.o, on leave, introduced a bill for regulating
the currency of foreign gold and silver coin in the
United States; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BATES, on leave, introduced a bill making
compensation to pension agents; whieh was read
twice, and*referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, on leave, introduced a bill to continue the
office of Commissioner of Pensions; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. FULTON, on leave, introduced a bill to
authorize the Legislatures of the States of Arkan-
sas, Louisiana, and Tennessee to sell the lands
heretofore appropriated for school purposes in
those States; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committep on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to authorize the settlement
of the accounts of Joseph Nourse; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, on leave, introduced a
bill to provide for ascertaining and disposing of
the lead-mineral lands in the States of Illinois and
Missouri, and the Territories of Wisconsin and
Iowa, and for other purposes; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Public
L'inds.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported the following bills; which were retd, and
ordered to a second reading, viz.
A bill for the relief of J. R. Vienne; and
A bill for the relief of Ephraim B Dixon.
Mr. BATES, on leave, introduced a till for the
relief of Henry Gardner r.nd others, directors of an
association called the New England Mississippi
Land Company; v hich was read twice, and refer-
red to the Judiuary Committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an adveise report on the peiition
of Benjamin Franklin fur a privaker pension;
wh-ch was ordered to lie on the tabte.
Mr. W. also, from the Committee on Printing,
reported in favor of printing the annual report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office;
which was concurred in by the Senate; when,
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, five hun-
dred copks additional of said report were ordered
to be printed.
CLAIMANTS.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had been request-
ed to now that the memorial and papers of Sam-
uel Brown, late naval officrr at Providence, Rhore
i.>Und, praying cocp. nsation for extra services, te
taken from the files of the Senate and referred.
Mr H. remarked, that a verbal report had be^n
made against the prayer of this petition, and con-
curred in by the Senate previous to the passage of
the rule of the last session, which provided that
whenever a claim shall have been reported against,
id writing, by either of the standing committees,
and the report concurred in by the Senate, it should
not be in order to present that claim to the consid-
eration ©f the Senate, except upon a new petition
from the claimant pointing out an error in the de-
cision of the committee, or presenting new evidence
in support of the claim. Mr. H. did "not know
what course to take with reference to this claim,
and wished to'have the sense of the Senate whether
its presentation was admissible under the rule;
the report against it beiBg but a verbal one, and that
having been made previous to the passage of the
rule.
The CHAIR was understood to say that hereto-
fore the rule had been construed as restrospective
in its operation; but in this case a further
question wasipresen'ed—whether the rule, which
required a written report to be made, should be
construed to exclude cases upon which verbal re-
ports only were made.
A dtscussion here arose, as to the proper con-
struction of the rule, in which Messrs. HUNT-
INGTON, LINN, KING, CLAYTON, and
PHELPS participaied, maintaining that the rule
was intended to be retrospective in its operation, to
prevent the re-presentation of those old cases so fre-
quently reported against; but were williDg to.make
an exception to this case, upon which a verbal re-
port only was made, when a written report was re-
quired by the rule.
Mr. GRAHAM said the difficulty could be
avoided by admitting this petition by unanimous
consent, on the ground of non-compliance with the
rule, which required a written report; and then to
amend the rule, as suggested by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Phelps,] to make all cases admissi-
ble, upon which no written report had been made.
This suggestion was yielded to, and the petition
was ordered to be taken from the files, and re-
ferred.
Blr. PHELPS submitted the following:
That the rule of the Senate adopted on the 26th of January,
1842, be amended by the following: Provided, That this rule
shall oot extend to any cases whereon adverse reports, not in
writing, may have been made previous to the said 26th day of
January, 1842.
This amendment lies over one day, under the
rules.
The following resolution of Mr. Conrad was
taken up and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to communicate to theSenate whether any, and what, amount
of money has been refunded to claimants in virtue of the act
entitled "An act in relation to lands held in the Greensburg
(late St. Helena) district,in the State of Louisiana,and authoriz.
mg the resurvey of certain lands in said district," approved
August 29,1842; whether, in any cases, the claimants have re«
ceived reimbursement of the price paid by them for lands in
complying, or offering to comply, with the provisions of said
act, and st>rh reimbuisement has been refused, and the reasons
lor such refusal; and whether any, and what, proceedings have
taken place under said act.
THE AFRICAN SQUADRON.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton some days ago, was taken up for considera-
tion
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the Sen-
ate whether the quintuple treaty, for the suppression of the
slave-trade, has been communicated to the Government of the
United States in any form whatever; and, if so, by whom; for
what-purpose; und what answer may have been returned to
such communication. Also, to communicate to the Senate all
the information which may have been received by the Govern-
ment of the United States, soing to show that the •'course which
this Government might take in relation to said treaty has
excitedno small degree of attention and discussion in Eu«
rope" Also, to inform the Senate how far the "warm animad-
versions," and "the great political excitement" which this trea-
ty has caused in Europe, have any application or reference to
these United States. Also, to inferm the Senate what danger
there was that "tfivlu-wb und the obU^ationa" of the United
State" m relation to the supprp'saonjot the slave-trade would
be "executed by others" if we did not '■'■remove their pretext
and motive J or violating our Jlag and executing our laws,"
"by e .term£ into the stipulations for the African squadron, and
the remonstrating sentences which are contained in theSthand
9th articles of the late British treaty. And, also, to communi-
cate to thrs Senate all the correspondence which may have been
received from our mimsteis abroad, ha vine relation to the fore-
going points of inquiry.
Mr. ARCHER inquired if the Senator from Mis-
souri intended to make any remarks on the sub-
ject?
Mr. BENTON iHtiraa'ed that he did not con-
ceive any necessary, unlesscalled for in reply.
Mr. ARCHER said he believed he could give
