CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27"th Cong 3d Sess.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 24, 1842.
Volume 12 —No. 5.
Continued from No. 4.
dation to give it. If, on the other hand, the holy
allies have no designs upon us, and Great Britain
has no design to search us, if we do not search
ourselves, then the Senate has been trifled with,
and considerations brought to bear upon them
which have no foundation in fact. In either case,
we have a right to know the facte. Has Great
Britain threatened us? Have the holy allies taken
our conduct in hand? These are the questions
which arise on the President's message; and let us
have them answered. Let us have ihe'correspond-
ence of our ministers, if there is any. Does the
Senator from Virginia undertake to say for the ad-
ministration, that they have no such correspon-
dence? [Mr. Archeb was understood to answer
negatively.] Then let the administration answer !
As the case now stands, we have given this
squadron under a threai—under the ihreat of
seeing Great Britain execute our anti-slave-trade
laws for us, if we do not execute them ourselves;
upon the same principle that she executes our neu-
trality laws for us on the Canadian frontier. The
excuse—no, not the excuse! for she does not de-
sccndto excuse,but boldly justifies!—the justification
for the attack on the Caroline w.is, that the Uni-
ted States did not, or could not, execute its own
laws on that frontier; and, therefore, Great Britain
was under the necessity of executing thsm for us.
This is the language with reject to the Canada
frontier; and, from ihe tenor of the message, we
have the same language in relation to the coast of
Africa. By land and by water-—at home and
abroad—Great Britain undertakes to execute our
laws for us, and to punish our citizens for us! and,
from the termination of the Schlo^er affair,
and this African tribute in men and ships, it seems
that the present Administration admits her preten-
sion in both cases. But, let us see. Let us have
the facts—the correspondence; and let the country
judge whether we have ivally been menaced, or
whether our Administration have taken fright at
nothing.
Mr. ARCHER, assenting to tin? .suggestion of
postponing the resolution to Thur.-day, on motion
to that effect, the resolution was postponed to
Thursday next, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN obs rv.d that there, was a
bill, which the House had passed, now en the ta-
ble awaiting the action of the Senate. He hoped
there would be no objection to taking it up with a
view to reference.
No objection being made, the bill in relation to
the lands granted to the deal and dumb asylum m
the State of Kentucky (amendatory of the law)
was taken up, read twice, ar.d tefeirc-d to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WR1G9.T offered the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day:
licnohed, ThattUe Corn milieu on Roucnclimenibe msti it r tod
to mquuc and ie|iort to the .Senate the numbei ofo iorks of com-
mittees wlio have been appointed ami paid out ot the contin-
gent tundof the Senate, dunn" the last and ptescnt Congress;
the amount eo p.ud to such clork?. and the rate of compensa-
tion; and whether any, arid what, other mode c<ui, in the opinion
of the'eornrmttee, be adopted, by which a'moie suneia), arid
equal, and ofTectual aid to alt the committees of the'Senate may
be secured in a more reasonable form, and on more economical
terms.
The joint resolution of the House to amend the
19ih joint rule was ihen taken up; aad, on
motion of Mr. BARROW to that effect, laid oil the
table.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said there was an en-
grojsed bill on the table, which might be taken up
and disposed of in a tew moments; as he did not
suppose there would be any disc ission or opposi-
tion in relation to it. ft was the bill ordered to be
engrossed yesterday, changing lbs name ofa ve,-
sel from "Westchester'' to "Atlantic."
The bill was taken up, read a third time, and
passed.
A communication from the Treasury Depai t-
ment was then read, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. SEVIER moved an adjournment.
Mr. HUNTINGION said it was deiir&ble the
Senate should go into executive session for a few
moments.
The motion to adjourn was negatived—ayes 12,
noes 15.
The Senate then, on motion of Mr. HUNT-
INGTON, went into executive session; and after a
short time spent therein,
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 20,1842.
Mr. EASTMAN presented the petition of Hill-
yard Shaw, for a pension.
Also, the petition of Charles Colman for bounty
land or other remuneration.
Also, the petition of Moses Turner for arrears
of pension; which were severally referred to their
appropriate committees.
Mr. CASEY presented the petition ef J. Child-
ers of Lawrence county, Illinois, praying an in-
crease of pension; which, on his motion, was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
Mr. BARTON presented Ihe petition of nu-
merous citizens of Hampshire county, Virginia,
praying for a repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petitions of John
N. Swasey, and 93 oiher shipmasters and mer-
chants of Bucksport, Maine; of Andrew Peters, and
34 other shipmasters and merchants of Ellsworth,
Maine; and of James S. Pilte, and 29 other ship-
masters and merchant.', of Calais, Maine: all
praying for an appropriation for the erection of
beacons, spindles, and buoys on the Muscle ridges
upon the coast of Maine; which were referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
MUTINY AND EXECUTIONS ON BOARD
THE BRIG SOMERS.
Mr. GWIN asked the permission of the House
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House whatever official infor-
mation may have been received at the Navy Department rela-
tive to the alleged design of mutiny on hoard the United States
brig Some,IP, under the command of Alexander Slidell McKen.
zie; and what number of persons have Deen executed for said
o(fence; their names and lank; and the pioceedmgs which
were had on board of said vessel in reference thereto.
Mr. WISE suggested to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, that, as a court of inquiry was to be called,
from which official information would be received
in a very few weeks, it would be better to postpone
his resolution until the court h;«l been held.
Mr. GWIN iBtimated his intention to press his
resolution, that the necessary information mighl be
got from the President.
Mr. WISE said the gentleman could not oblain
any information in that way.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS and other gentlemen
made remarks which did not reach the reporter's
desk.
Mr. GWIN movtd a suspension of the rules
for the reception of his resolution, to which objec-
tion had been made.
The motion was negatived.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the purpose
of proceeding®nh the consideration of the general
apptopriation bill.
Mr. HOPKINS inquired if the bill for the repeal
of the bankrupt law was not the special order for
this day.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative; the bill
having been merely postponed to this day.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the yeas and nays cn
going into committee.
Mr. H. observed that he supposed, if the Houe
refused to go into committee, it would be in order
to move to take up the bill to repeal the bankrupt
law.
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
affirmative.
The yeas and nays were then ordered, aad, be-
ing taken, resulted as follows: Yeas 89, nays 98.
So the House refused to go into Committee ef
the Whole.
Mr. EVERETT then moved that the House
take up the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EVERETT then briefly stated some rea-
sons which had prompted his action in this matter,
but in so low a tone of voice, and amidst a deaf-
ening hum threughout the House, which overpow-
ered the honorable gentleman's voice. He was
understood to say that he voted for the bankrupt
law when it was pasted, for the relief of bankrupts
whose misfortunes were brought upon them with-
out any fault of their own, but by the fault'of the
Government. His object, then, was to relieve the
country from the distresses in which it was then
involved; but he did not, so far as he was concern-
ed, design it to be a permanent measure. He was
in favor of limiting tt to one jear at the time of its
passage; but he did not press his views on that
point at that time, because he desired the
passage of the law, and such a limitation might
have endangered its passage. He now offered
this bill for the repeal of the bankrupt law,
because he conceived it to be destroying con-
fidence between man and man; and seemed to
be a shelter for those who were disposed to- live
without labor. Its future operation he looked upott
as injurious; and it would be difficult to engraft
any amendment upon the present act which would
diminish its evils. He said he did not propose
to commit this bill, because he was in favor of a to-
tal repeal of the bankrupt law; and therefore its
committal was unnecessary. If, however, such a
motion should be made, he should consider it a
test question between those who desired the con-
tinuance, and those who desired the repeal of that
law.
Mr. BARNARD observed that the fate of the
27th Congress seemed to be a very peeuliar and a
vpry hard one. This Congress was composed of
two parties; the lines of difference between which
were drawn, perhaps, more distinctly than between
any two parties that ever existed in this country.
One of these parties was in a d;cided majority of
that House—numbering some thirty or forty votes
of a majority. The executive power of the coun-
try also was in the hands of one holding opinions
in accordance with those of the majority. Before
the meeting of Congress, however, for the first
time tor the transaction of business, after its elec-
tion, misfortune had fallen upon the dominant
party; they lost their own President, and the con-
stitutional incumbent of the Presidential office was
not disposed to act in accordance with the majority.
A portion, also, of their own friends in the House
of Representatives, departed from lhem, and joined
themse'ves with the Executive, who was of course
supported by the whole body of the opposition. In
that way, and under those circumstances, we came
(said Mr. B.) to t5ae transaction of the public busi-
ness. We struggled with difficulties from the first
moment of our existence, and have never ceased
to struggle with difficulties to this day. Our condi-
tion was like that of the poor wretch Sysiphus—con-
demned to roll an enormous stone up a steep ac-
clivity, only to find some obstacle in our way, by
which our labors and ourselves were to be tumbled
down to ihe bottom again. But all this (said Mr.
B.) was our misfortune, and not our fault; and
amidst all our difficulties we certainly succeeded in
passing some good measures. At the extra session
we passed the law distribuSng the proceeds of the
public lands among the States, and we passed the
bankrupt law. At the last session, we passed the
districting law, and we also passed the tariff law.
What was to remain of all these, and many other
measures, at the close of the constitutional term of
existence of the present Congress, no man could
tell. One thing was sure—the land-distribution,
law was gone already, the congressional district-
ing law was in danger; while the tariff law was
