66
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
proposed 10 be moderated and modified out of all
its protective character; and now, at last, came the
bill to repeal the bankrupt law—moved, too, by
one of the original friends of that measure. For
one, (said Mr. B.) I could stand ail the injuries our
enemies are doing us; bat it is hard to receive such
blows at the hands of our friends. What an extra-
ordinary spectacle (said Mr. B.) do we now present
to the American people! This motion for a repeal
of the bankrupt law came from Vermont, and from
his excellent and learned friend from that State,
[Mr. Everett.] who took the pains to declare, at
this and at the last session of Congress, that, upon
the whole, the bankrupt act was the best and wisest
law that Congress had ever passed. Now, it was
to be repealed upon the motion of the very gentle-
man who had made this eulogium. Considering the
source from which that motion emanated, and con-
sidering the sort of support which it was about to
receive, it struck his mmd as one of the most alarm-
ing movements he had ever witnessed in the political
world It went far to prove the truth of the charge
so often made against this nation—that its legislation
was destined to be unstable; not guided and governed,
as it ought to be, by the settled, well-considered,
well digested opinions of the people of the country;
but that it was destined to be disturbed by every
wave of popular sentiment—to follow, in short, not
only the shiftings and turnings of popular senti-
ment, but popular error and popular delusion.
That such a thing as popular error and popular
■delusion existed, a« well in this country as in
tubers, he was not afraid or ashamed to say. By
unsettled, ill-digested popular opinion, he never
had been—and so help him God!—never would be
governed.
But Vermont demanded the repeal of the bank-
rupt law; and, therefore, it was to be repealed.
Vermont was a creditor State—she was in the
happy condition of owing nobody, and everybody
was indebted to her; and her Legislature, at its
last session, passed a resolution instructing her
Senators, and requesting her Representatives, in
Congress, to procure the repeal of that law. He
■denied the right of Vermont to dictate to Congress
•upon this subject, or upon any other. She might
express her opinions, it was true; but the opinions
that governed here were those of the members of ihe
National Legislature, and not those of the mem-
bers of her Siate Legislature. He was utterly hos-
tile to this doctrine of instruction, let it come from
what source it might, avowed or Hot avowed.
What security was there for legislation, if Ihe rep-
resentatives of a Slate—the very same men—were
Jo be governed one day by one set of opinions, and
■ino'her day by another, just as the waves of pop-
ular sentiment ebbed and flowed. Vermont dul
not, it seemed, like to see her debtors escape, and,
in common with almost all olher cieditors, she had
a very great reluctance to see the dead body o
debt buried out of her sieht. Well, this might be
a very natucal feelings but it was a morbid one,
which ought not to beencouiisged. Creditors were
not buzzards, to feed on carrion; and he did not
want k> see there dead bodies kept above ground
■till they tainted the whole atmosphere.
He had remarked that be could not see any se-
curity for legislation in the counlry, unless party
and party men were to be precluded from influen-
cing it to suit their temporary purposes. If they
could not be, then ihe legislation of thecountry would
be blown about by every popular gale. Unless ihe
Representatives would abide by their Otvn opinions
■after having once promulgated them, he was free
<o declaie that there could be no stability m ihe
policy of the counlry.
But his excellent friend from Vermont [Mr.
Everktt] had discovered that ihe bankrupt Jaw
had performed iu office; that it had fulfilled its ob-
ject'-, and therefore *>ughc to be repealed. He
i'mthcr avowed, that it was his opinion at ihe tiin<>
til? act was pas u d, lhat it should have been limbed
to the tcira of one year; lhat it ought to be a tem
porsryiaw. What was a temporary law? What
was it but repudiation in its most odious form —
rep'ud aiion by individuals of their own debts at
thrir own time; u proclamation by debtors of a
jubilee—not like that of the Jews, which occurring
at regular and stated periods, creditors as well as
debtors could prepare themselves for—but a jubilee
the time of which was to be prescribed by the
debtors themselves. Such a bankrupt law was not
the establishment of a rule of law; it was the es-
tablishment of an excep'ion to a rule of law, in the
face of the law itself. It was a law by which you
open the prison doors, and let loose those confined
at the moment; though at the next day the jails may
be as full as ever—and of those, too, who are not
to be set at liberty. Was that a bankrupt law
in the understanding of the Constitution"? The
C{institution authorized Congress to pass uniform
laws on the subject of bankruptcy: but could a
law of a year's duration be called a uniform law?
It was not law, because it was not a rule of conduct
affecting all alike; but it was a mere partial arbi-
trary act of arbitrary power, interposing between
the creditor and his debtor, to break up for the time
being the relations between them, and to takeaway
the power which the law gave the former over the
latter. In this way, the creditor, in his turn, might
be ruined and driven to bankruptcy; though,
in consequence of the temporary nature of the law,
he would be precluded from its benefits. Mr. B.
said he denied the power of Congress to pass any
such law. It had the power to pass a permanent
and uniform law, and he admitted that it had the
power to repeal it; but it had no power to pass a
bankrupt law that was not permanent and uniform.
Such a bankrupt law as was contemplated by the
Constitution would have..the tendency to prevent
bankruptcy; but a temporary law, such as was con-
templated by the gentleman from Vermont, would
have the tendency to encourage bankruptcy, and
to encourage extravagance and speculation, by the
hope held out lhat a proclamation of jubilee would
be made to free debtors for the time being from ihe
power of their creditors.
If, then, this bankrupt law was to be repealed,
let it be because it was inexpedient; because, such
a law ought never to have been passed; but, for
Heaven's sake, do not let it be repealed on the
ground that it has accomplished the object for
which it was enacted.
Mr. B. said he had no manner of doubt but lhat
very much of the influence which was abroad in
the country, and was brought to bear on the House
at the time the bankrupt law was passed, was that
of individuals, who, if they did not ihen hold the sen-
timents advanced now by his friend from Vermont,
were yet willing to receive ihe benefits of them;
m other words, they were willing lhat a temporary
law should be passed to relieve them from their
embarrassments, to be lepealed or to expire at the
time they came to be creditors. He prayed and
"besought gentlemen, therefore, if they meant to
vote for the repeal, to put their votes on better
grounds than those of his friend from Vermont.
Let the law be repealed, if it is^to be repealed, be-
cause it U a bad law; but do not let it be repealed
because it was intended ss a temporary measure,
and because it has fulfilled its objects.
But why should the bankrnpi law be repealed?
He addressed himself to those who bad been its
friends. What was the greatest objec ion to the
measure, in the minds of iniell gent men, at ihe time
of its passage? Was it not becau-cof ii& retro-
spective operation, violating, in iheir opinions, one
of the provisions of the Constitution, by impairing
the obligation of contracts? That objection was
now almost removed. The force of the bankrupt
law in regard to old cases was almost spent;
and it was now about to commence its most whole-
some and beneficent functions, by operating on
eases which have arisen since iis enactment. The
constitutional objection was, thereiore, no Iongjr
in force.
After some further remarks from Mr. B., shoe-
ing ihe benefits derived, ana to he derived, from the
bankrupt act, he concluded by moving to com-
mit the bill to the Commitice on Ihe Judiciary,
wiih m-truclions to bring in a bill So repeal ihkt
part of the law providing for voluntary bankrupt-
cy, and to provide that this shall take place in 18
months from the parage of ihe act.
Mr. B. said the House was aware that, in the
other branch of Congiess, a resolution had been
adopted calling upon the Secretary of State for in-
formation in relation to this subject; and he hoped
that ihe House would wait till that information was
received, and not, by precipitate legislation, run the
risk of committing an act of cruelty and injustice.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he should like to
move the adoption of instructions to the committee,
in case the bill were referred to their consideration.
Ke, therefore, sent to the Chair the followiag in-
structions:
"And that the said committee be instructed lo
report a bill excluding the voluntary provision from,
the present bankrupt act, and including banks."
Mr. BARNARD inquired whether the motion
was in order; to which
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL modified his instructions,
by striking cut the word banks, and substituting the
words trading corporations.
Mr. WINTHROP said that, however calculated
the motion was to produce a wide discussion, he had
a strong presentiment that the present debate would
not be long. It seemed that summaty execution
was to be applied to this, the last act of that ill-
fated extra session. Its sentence had been pro-
nounced before arguments at law; judgment was
to be first carried out, and a hearing had afterwards.
Indeed, he feared lhat there was an impatience and
an indisposition to hear at all, either before or after
judgment. For himself, he had no disposition
to speak at length; for the subject had already
keen nearly exhausted by the remarks of his friend
from New York, [Mr. Barnard;] nor would he
impugn the course taken by his friend from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Everett,] who no doubt acted from a
sense of duty lo his constituents. He only wished
to explain simply the reasons which should induce
him lo vote against, the repeal of this law, repre-
senting as he did a great commercial community.
The po *er of Congress to enact a bankrupt
law was not implied merely, but was found in the
category of those clearly expressed and enumerated
powers about which there was no dispute. Now,
he held it to be the duty of Congress to exercise its
power; and not to exercise it, a positive neglect
and omission—not less than it would be to omit
to exercise the power given to regulate commcrce,
establish courts, coin money, provide for the com-
mon defence of the country, and, in short, any
other power expressed among those named in the
Constitution. He was aware that it had been sug-
gested by his friend from Vermont, [Mr. Everett,]
that though the present law might] be repealed,
another might be enacted. But when would such
an event occur? When could it be expected?
Certainly not until it should be called for by the
people, to sweep off ihe load of indebtedness that
might be upon them; and then the law would itself
be swept off, after having performed its office.
Such was the fate of the first bankrupt law, and
such seemed to be the inevnablc destiny of this.
But the language of the Constitution was re-
markably strong. It was, not that "Congress shall
have power to pass," but to "establish a uniform
system of bankruptcy." Would a mere passage of
an act be a fulfilment of the power to establish the
system? So far from it, ihe reverse of the propo-
sition would be true; and srch passage be a mere
temporary remedy. Such a coursc—the enactment
of a bankrupt law for a particular temporary pur-
pose—could be justified on no principle whatever.
He, therefore, pi otested against the introduction of
a bankrupt law at irregular intervals, and before
the trader and the man of business could be aware
how to act. Anticipating the results which had
flowed from ihe ir.seriion of the retrospective prin-
ciple m Ihe present act, he had voted for it wilh
reluctance; and, had he believed that the whole
act was destined to be so socn expunged from
the statute-book, he should not have voted for
it at all. And here he would mske a suggestion
to that gentleman, who bad denounced ihe retro-
spective character of the aci; and that was, ihat,
by voting for the repeal of ihe law at the present
time, they would become responsible for its revival
hereafter. The only mode of preventing the en-
actment of a retrospective law was lo establish the
prospective piovision of the present law up«n a
firm ba-;i.=. True, the present l  might not be
perfect, and might require remedy in its details.
What he had to say was, let it be perfected; let it
