CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
be limited in its operatisn to traders, if necessary;
and even let a provision be inserted comprehending
banks, under certain circumstances and regulations.
It did seem to him that the responsibility of the en-
actment of a retrospective bankrupt act hereafter
would rest on those gentlemen who should vote for
the repeal of the present.
There was one more view of the subject which
he would mention. He meant the monstrous in-
justice of an immediate and unconditional repeal
of the law. It was known that many debtors, re-
sponding, as had been said, to the first sound of
the trumpet, had advanced and obtained relief, hav-
ing first stripped themselves for the purpose, and
leaving as little matter to be decided upon by the
courts as effects to be distributed among the cred-
itors. A repeal of the law would not take away
Ihe benefits these men had ob'ained, whilst it would
giva the same desperate debtors the fuither advan-
tage of any new bankrupt law which might be en-
acted hereafter. On the other hand, there were
numbers whose affairs, not altogether hopeless, left
the prospect of distributing something to their cred-
itors—men whose applications for the benefit of the
act had been held back, in the hope of making an
honorable compromise; or whose cases had been
delayed in the courts by argument upon points of
law: these would be altogether deprived of the
advantages secured by more expeditious, and per-
haps less scrupulous, debtors. In conclusion, he
hoped—if it wasuot too late to hope—that the House
would pause before it resolved to wipe out alto-
gether the law now in force.
Mr. PAYNE remarked that one of the strongfst
objections which he had to the pas-sage of this act,
was its retrospective character. He was not fully
persuaded that the Government had power to pass
a law absolving individuals from their contract?.
He could not believe it to ba legal and proper for
the Government to destroy the relation-; subsisting
between debtor and creditor. Government, as he
thought, should at least have permitted the obliga-
tions between the creditor and his security to "be
performed.
These were some of his objections to the law at
the beginning; but, with regard to a prospective
bankrupt law, properly established, he did not then,
nor did he now, object. All objections, howevor,
were disregarded by those who controlled the ao
tion of this House; and a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy, to be perpetual as the law of the country,
was passed; and this was the first time that the
avowal had been made—aa it had be.n made
this morning—that the object of the bankrupt law
was to violate private contracts, and to turn men
loiso from their obligations. It was immaterial
how they regarded it here; but the eyes of all the
commercial world were turned tipon them; and to
Europe it would appear that they repealed the law,
alter ithad done—what? Released at least the debtor
from the obligation of his contracts. It appeared
to him this proposition portrayed, more clearly tlr.n
anything else could do, the true object the gentle-
men who advocated it had in pressing it on the
country. Now, if he might be permitted to advise
those gentlemen who passed this law, he should
say: For Heaven's sake, do not lay it on thisexclu-
sive ground—thatthe object was to release the debt-
or from the obligation ot his contract, for which he
had received a valuable consideration.
He would declare again, that, if a bankrupt law
were established, striking out the voluntary fea-
ture, and making it such a bankrupt law as was
contemplated by the Constitution, he should not
object to see it become part of the permanent poli-
cy of our country. But if they voted for the bill
which was now presented to the House, for the re-
peal of the existing bankrupt law, they would com-
mit themselves with regard to the constitutionality
of the whole measure. The proviso was designed
to secure to those who had taken the first step, the
benefit of the existing bankrupt law up to the 5 h
of the present month; and when this bill was intro-
duced, he gave notice that he should move to strike
out that proviso; but he was conscious of the great
difficulty which must result. There was much
force in what had been said by gentlemen on this
subject, respecting the indecent haste of bankrupts
to avail themselves of the law, to release them from
their obligations; whereas those who were less
hasty, and who regretted the necessity to avail
themselves of the provisions of the law, arid there-
fore held back, were to be deprived of the Ivntfits
of the law. There were difficulties, too, in the
way of their voting for this bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law, with such a provision as would compro-
mise them on the constitutional question which it
involved; and the whole case afforded a striking
illustration of the evil of that hasty legislation
which was forced on the country without consider-
ation by the operation of the gag rule, which did
"not permit an i to be dotted, or a t to be crossed.
Under all the circumstances, he did not know that
he could go for the repeal, as the bill now stood; for
he was unwilling to commit himself with regard to
the constitutional question.
He had another remark to make, in relation to
the instructions. It had been his determination in
all his acts, while he was a member of that body,
to give no vote which, in his opinion, would lend
to increase the power of this Government, or the
Executive patronage of this Government. Every
vote he did give would be to diminish rather than
to increase that power. Suppose, then, they placed
all the banking institutions of the country under
the operation of the bankrupt law; why, an Exe-
cutive, who was di?po.«ed to do so, might use the
power of this Government for the punishment, on
the one hand, and his influence to excite hope of
reward, on the other; or, every bank would be
placed at the foot of the Executive, to aid him in
currying out his plans. Were he disposed to strike
directly at the principle by which he bad governed
his legislative action, he should give the Executive
this power. He trusted, therefore, that the pro-
position would be either amended, or laid on the
table; but if, on the contrary, it were attached to
this bill, the bankrupt law would never be re-
pealed. There was one fact,- in connexion with
the discussions which had already been had on
this subject, to which he was inclined to call the
attention of the House; but he declined doing so,
because it verified a prediction which had been
made again and again with regard to the Whig
Congress. This bankrupt law was a Whig meas-
ure. It originated with the Whig?; it was passed
by Whigs. He was not sure, but he did not be-
lieve there was more than one solitary Democratic
member that voted for it. And what were they
now told? Why, that this Wh;g measure—a
measure conceived, brought forth, and csrried into
a law by Whigs, to relieve the country, had done—
wha ? Destroyed all confidence between man and
man, end had broken down Ihe credit of the coun-
try. This was the character given of it by the
gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. EVERETT explained.
Mr PAYNE- The gentleman then said, if it
had not done all these things, that it was in a stste
of progression; and if they permitted it to remain,
it would break down the credit of the country, and
destroy confidence between man and man. Such
was the result of one of the important measures
which were passed by the 27th Congress; and in
view of this, and other acts, there was one circum-
stance which appeared to be a little remarkable:
the President was blamed for the application of his
vetoes, and for not permitting the Whigs to do all
that which they desired to do—for not permit'ing
the majority in this Congress to do all that they
pleased; and he was still blamed. It was not his
place to blame or to defend the President; but jus-
tice ought to be done, and he would, therefore, say
they ought not to blame the President for not per-
mitting more wrongdoing than that which it was
now admitted they had done.
Mr. GORDON addressed the House in favor of
the repeal of the law. He commenced by remark-
ing that, in the discussions upon the measure, when
it passed at the extra session, it was said that it
would be hailed as a public jubilee. Reco'hc'ing
this remark, he did not expect so early to have
heard it said by a member of the House—and a
member, too. of that very majority who passed the
act—that it was intended as a permanent measure.
Hb had himself supposed that the law had its in-
ception, and would have its consummation in a de-
sire to relieve debtors from the embarrassments
into which they were, for the time being, plunged;
and was only such a measure as would be passed,
at intervals, to fulfil the end named. But it seemed
he was mistaken; and how, the only ground on
which the law was at all justified was taken away.
As to.his own position, that was the same now as
at the extra session—a firm opposition to the
measure on account of its unconstitutionality, as
well as on account of considerations of its injus-
tice.
The fate of the measure, as the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Winthrop] had said, was set-
tled. Its end was at hand. Its decree of repeal
had been borne on the wings of popular sentiment
and indignation. The work only remained to be
done. He could not see how his colleague [Mr.
Barnard] could have been brought to declare that
it was a want of reflection in the people to de-
cree the repeal of the measure: at which he was
astonished! Surely his colleague could not have
perceived how, by this remark, he was impugning
the intelligence of the people. His colleague had.
set himself up to contradict the public voice for de-
manding the repeal of this measure! and did not
this amount to a declaration that the people knew
not what they were about1? Such was, in fact, the
averment which his colleague had made; yet he
(Mr. G.) was not surprised at the remark, when he
recolL-cted that his colleague belonged to that
party which bad no confidence in the people, and
which believed them to be incapable of self-gov-
ernment.
Here Mr. ARNOLD rose, and inquired whether
a single petition for the repeal of the bankrupt
act had been presented this session.
Mr. GORDON said this question reminded him
of a fact, which he often observed—that there
were many men who,could not or would not un-
derstand what public sentiment was, in relation to
a particular measure, until they hsd read it in a
petition. Now, these petitions, it was well known,
were often gotten up to order, and therefore enti-
t'ed to no moral influence. Public sentiment upon
a measure like the present was overpowering; and
a miserable petition would but ill embody its
force and omnipotence. In reply, however, to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.Arnold,] he would
state that petitions had been sent here to obtain the
repeal of this measure. But whether they had or
not, every man of ordinary sagacity and observa-
tion knew what public sentiment was upon this
question. He was glad to find that even the gen-
tleman from Vermont had bowed down before this
public sentiment, and had deierrniaed to vote for
the repeal. " '
Mr. EVERETT rose, and was understood to
say that his determination arose from a change of
his opinio .s, rather than from considerations grow~
ing out of «nv supposed state of public sentiment.
Mr. GORDON said he was then glad to hear
that'the gentleman had changed his opinion. His
added but another to the general voice that the
law was a bad one.
But his colleague [Mr. Barnard] had complained
of the instability of legislation in this country, and
1 ad charged that the repeal of the law would tend
still further to sink our reputation in that re-
spect. In reply, he would remark that all bad
laws, like this bankrupt act, did most effectually
contribute to instability of legislation; because, in,
a country where the people's wishes were con-
sulted, such laws were certain to be expunged from,
the statute-book. Yet he would leave it to the
common sense of anyman to say whether this was
a reason why a bad law should not be repealed.
If Congress would confine itself to its legitimate
sphere of action, standing upon the broad platform,
of the Constitution, and only enacting such meas-
ures as were called for by the people, there would
bs no reason for his colleague to complain of in-
stability of legislation.
But h:s colle?gue had also complained of popu-
lar error and delusion in relation to this law. New,
he could tell his colleague bow the people had
come to be so sadly in "error and delusion." They
had employed jheir "sober second thought" upon,
the bankrupt act, and their verdict against it was
another instance to show bow correct are the nlti-
mate decisions of the people in regard to matters
