CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of government. They had determined, af er the
full and free exerc.se of this sober second thought,
to be no longer under the same "popular error and
delusion" as in 1840. Although his colleague
complained of the delusion of the peop;e, it had al-
ways happened that he was with them when they
were deluded, and against them when restored to
their senses, [Laughter—"Good!"] Such a delusion
existed in 1840 as had never before, and he trusted
never would again.
His colleague bad said that party lines were
never so strictly drawn as at the commencement of
the present Congress—as if, forsooih, there ever
were but two parties in the country; and as if the
■Whig party of 1840 was any other but the old Fed-
eral party. Now was the time, he (Mr. G.)
thought, when party lmeS'Were tightly drawn. The
laxity and the delusion of 1840 had passed away;
and the drawing of party lines tight again shows
the Democratic majority in the counlry. That ma-
jority would soon be called upon to act; and they
would, he imagined, proceed to legislate for the
country according toj their well-known principles
and their settled and unchanging creed.
But his colleague argued, that to repeal the bank-
rupt law at this time would place the majority in
a ridiculous attitude before the people. To this
remark he could not agree; on the contrary, he
thought that a repeal would show that the present
majority were willing to shake off ihe attitude of ridi-
cule in which they already stood before the whole
country. Had tbe dominant party been content to
let well enough alont- to let the sub-treasury remain
in force, and to have passed no laws whatever, ex-
cept moderate appropriation bills—they would stand
much higher before the country. As they had not
done this, they might even now acknowledge their
errors and repent. They would, at least, get credit
before the world for a high-toned mfgnanimity.
Indeed, he thought the people were forgiving m
their disposition, and mipht even be persuaded to
pardon them for their many offences. He was,
however, stongly inclined to doubt if the present
generation would ever put them in power again,
after having once been so grossly deceived. Whilst,
then, he was assuring his Whig friends of forgive-
ness, he must take leave to tell them that they
were doomed to wait until a new generation should
have come upon the slage, ere they could play the
same high tricks over again. [Laughter.] His
colleague had said that it would require much
courage lo vote against the repeal of ihe bankrupt
act, ifi the present stale of public opinion. He ad-
mitted the truth of ihe remark; and, as a friend
near him suggested, it would require brandy and-
water courage—or, mayhap, delirium treoien —lo
bring them up to me sticking poini. [Laughter.]
Wbaiever might be the condition and quantity of
their courage, he was apprehensive that his col-
league would find a majorily of bis friends unwil-
ling lo vote agair>st the repeal of ibis measure.
Again: his colleague had said that, in a commer-
cial communily like ours, it was impossible lo get
along well without a bankrupt law. Now he
(Mr. G.) declared, on the oiher hand, it was im-
possible for a commercial community like ours lo
get along with such a bankrupt law as this; and
there he was at issue with his colleague. The re-
peal of the law, he predicted, would he followed
by a brisker state of trade and increased life and
enterprise m every commercial circle. Capital,
now hidden and hoarded, from want of confidence,
would come out, and do its good office in stimulating
business,
But such a state of things would never occur
until the manifestation of a disposition to preserve
the inviolability of contracts should have taken
place. It was his conviction that this bankrupt
law had done more against our credit in Europe
than repudiation itself." Repudiation only operated
on large capitaluis and fundmongers; but tee
bankrupt act levelled a deadly blow at manufsc
wer. and dealers of every de*crip'ion. The busi-
ness opeiauctis of thes-e were great, compared wrh
that of Ihe mere money-lenders.
Incotu usion, he would say a few words in r -
ply tc the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wintheop,] who~e example he should endeavor to
fol.ow, deeming that short speeches, and lo the
point, were the best. That gentleman seemed to
lay particular emphasis upon the circumstance that
the Constitution gave Congress the power to estab-
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy. Did it, he
would ask, follow, that because the power was
given, therefore it must be exercised? Had the
gentleman's studies in constitutional law only
taught him that every power conveyed by an in-
strument must be used? Such a doctrine, to be ex-
posed, needed only to be stated.
But the gentleman had complained of the injus-
tice of an immediate repeal, arguing that, as many
had already taken advantage of the law, it would
be unjust to slight others who were more tardy,
but were preparing to reap the harvest of its pro-
visions. Ttois appeared to him like saying that be-
cause ten thousand debtors have plundered their
creditors without conscience, therefore the law
should be kept in operation for the purpose of al-
lowing still more to do tbe same ! He was, how-
ever, not entirely surptised at this doctrine, when
he recollected that in the bard-cider campaign it
was held out to a large class that the consequence
of a Whig triumph would be the expunging of
their debts. Seeing this tendency of the law was
the main reason with the people for demanding its
immediate repeal, he thought that those who advo-
cated a postponement of the repeal thought more
of their political consistency than of advancing the
public interests,
Mr. WELLER then called for the yeas and
nays on the question; which were ordered.
Mr. ARNOLD inquired if the instructiens could
be divided; and, being answered by the Speaker in
the affirmative, called for a division, so as to take
the question first on the first clause.
Mr. CUSHING doubted whether a division of
the question was in order; and called upon the
Clerk to read the instructions again, to see if there
were two di?tinet substantive propositions in it;
which was done.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then, after a few re-
marks, moved tbe previous question, in order to
cut off the motion to commit, and to bring the
House to a direct vote on the bill.
The question on seconding ihe previous question
was then taken by tellers—Messrs. Bowne and
Mathiot—and lost; there being only 46 votes in
the affirmative.
So the House refused to second the call for the
previous question.
Tbe question recurring on Mr. Ingeesoll's mo-
tion to amend the motion to commit wilh instruc-
tions—
Mr. CUSHING obtained the floor, and was
about addressing the committee, when Repeated
cries of "Question, question," were heard; and he
took his seat, saying that if the committee were
ready to take the question then, he would forego
his remarks.
Mr. ARNOLD moved to strike out that part of
the instructions relating to voluntary bankrup's, so
that the instructions would read "to report a bank-
rupt bill including corporations not owned by
Siales."
Mr. BOWNE desired to know whether the
amendment, is it then read, would repeal the law
now in force. It struck him that it would not—
that the effect of it wt uld be to briDg in a new
bankrupt law, without repealing the old one. He
would not have troubled the House wiih any re-
marks, but, from the fear that tbe incipient
steps just taken towards the repeal of (his act
would not result as the mover contemplated.
He would not say that the gentleman who
moved these instructions intended thereby to
impede the passage of the bill before them,-
or to prevent the passage of any similar bill
during the session; but he feared that such would
be the effect of the motion, if it prevailed. Every
member on that floor understood well what was the
will of the whole country, as well as that of his
constituents, in rela'ion to this question. It had
been lor-g before the puMic; and the public mind,
having weighed it in the balance, had, as far as he
could understand it, declared it had been found
wanting. He was ready to act on it now, thoush
he confessed he would like to see some little modi-
fication of the bill before Ihe House. If he could
not ge; that modification, he would vote for the bill
as it was; though he would not vote for a single
motion that, in his view, would have a tendency to
defeat the measure.
We have (said Mr. B ) but a few weeks to stay
here; and if we send this bill to a committee, they
might require some time to prepare a bill in ac-
cordance with the instructions of the House; while
the House itself will require some time to act upon
it in Committee of the Whole, after it is reported
to them—unless, indeed, the one-hour gag rule
should be put in force. It would then have to
undergo a proper degree of deliberation and dis-
cussion in the other body; so that, in the end, there
mi°ht not be time enough" left of the session to
pass it. Were it n: t for these considerations, (Mr.
B. said,) he would have no objection to the mo-
tion of his colleague, [Mr. Barnard,] to send the
bill to the Committee on the Judiciary for their
revision; but as it was, he could not consent to
any measure that would delay or endanger its
passage. This was not a proper time to go into
a discussion upon the men's of the bankrupt
act. As he had before remarked, its merits were
well understood by tbe whole country, and by
every member on that floor. The judgment of the
public had been formed, and they had now only to
act on it. He would say, also, that he did not deem
it proper to impugn the motives of those gentlemen
who voted for this law. He was willing to believe
that they acted from the best and purest motives;
and he believed, a'so, that many of them, being
now convinced that the law was inexpedient, were
willing now to vote for its repeal. It was sufficient
for them to say that they were wiser now than they
then were; and he would, therefore, neiiher impugn
their consistency nor their honesty. He had uni-
formly opposed this law, and a majority of his
constituents coincided in opinion with him. He
was therefore ready now to vote for its repeal.
The only modification he wanted to make was a
proviso that Ihe repeal shall lake effect from the
passage of the act, so as to leave all persons
who had already commenced the preliminary pro-
ceedings of bankruptcy under the faith of a law of
Congress, at liberty to consummate them. There
would be great cruelty and injustice in cutting off
those who had incurred a heavy expense lo ob-
tain the benefits of this law, and who did so under
the faith of an act of Congress. With this pro-
viso, he would be perfectly satisfied to vote for the
bill before them; though, if he could not get it, he
would vote for the bill as it then.stood.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said he was not in
so great a hurry to repeal the bankrupt law as
many gentlemen seemed to be. He was opposed
to its passage, and was still opposed to it as it
stood upon the statute-book; and if it could not be
amended as he desired, he would vote for its re-
peal. But, before he voted for its repeal, he was
desirous of making a fair and full effort to have
embraced within its provisions all the banks and
other trading corporations of ihe country. The
operation of the voluntary provisions of the law,
as ihey were called, had been a'most unmitigated
evil. But it had done its worst; and, if left in full
force, could do comparatively but little more evil.
It had drrangod and destroyed all the long-estab-
lished relations of debtor and creditor—had invali-
dated contract?, and released from their obligations
all the large and princely debtors. It had afforded
an opportunity for thousands to be released from
their debts, who otherwise would have paid them,
and thereby enabled those to whom they were In-
debted, in their turn to pay (heir debts. This last
class—the creditors of those who have taken the
benefit of the bankrupt law—have been made
bankrupts by its operation; and now, by its repeal,
70a will leave them without remedy. Was this
jusi? Was that the way the obligation of contracts
ought to be maintained? Much, if not all, the op-
position in the public mind against the bankrupt
law, was owing to its voluntary and retrospective
action—its violation of past engagements and ex-
isting contracts. But these had been already can-
celled by it; and the repeal «.f the law would not
restore these obligations—would not place them in
the situation they were before its passagp. The
evil it had done could not, therefore, be remedied.
