CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
9t
Mr. CO WEN observed that an inquiry had l>efn
made whether this clerk had been continued m the
employment of the committee since the expiration
of the last session. He would answer that ques-
tion by saying, that he had been laboring very as-
siduously in the committee-room,du.ing the recef.«,
in making up its records, and in continuing the di-
gest of the decisions of the committee, which he
had a long time been engaged in. Hs understood
and believed that he had not lost more than one or
two days since the last session. He would further
say, that, without the services rendered hy him in
the recess, the committee would not have been
able to commence their labors as early as they did
at this session.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked if the services
performed daring the recess were not services that
had heretofore been performed by the regular clerks
in the Clerk's office. Mr. J. also said that a reso-
lution was passed at the last session limiting the em-
ployment of this clerk to that session only.
Mr. COWEN was understood to say that the
1 resolution was so amended, but that it was not
finally acted on.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia observed that it seem-
ed extraordinary to him why it should be necessary
for this committee to employ a clerk during the
reccss. Toe committee met but three times a week,
and it appeared to him that the cleik could carry
on the business of the committee, and perform the
ether services spoken of during the times the com-
mittee were not in session. The clerk had six
days in the week to work in, and yet it seemed that
he could not keep up his records, but must have
the recess to do it in. Mr. S. further observed,
that some of the most important committees of the
House had no clerk allowed them, and were com-
peted to attend to their own clerical daties. Tiiete
was the Committee of Revolutionary Claims, for
instance, of which he was a member, who had no
inconsiderable amount of corre>pondence and other
writing to attend to without having a clerk to as-
sist them. He thought the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee ought to be adop'ed.
Mr. EVERETT was in favor of the resolution;
because, having the fullest confidcr.ce in the com-
mittee, he was ready to believe, from their report
on the subject, that the services of this clerk were
highly important and neces'ary. Mr. E. also
spoke very favorably of the efficiency of the clerk,
and the regularity of his attention to his duties.
The question was then taken on Mr. C. John-
son's amendment; arid it was adopted—ayes 133,
noes 63.
The question recurring on the resolution as
amended,
Mr. HOPKINS inquired whether it was intend-
ed to provide compensation for the services of this
clerk during the recess? Now, it the last session a
resolution was passed, limiting his services to that
session; and if it was now intended, in the face of
that resolution, to pay him for the recess, he would
vote against it.
Mr. CO WEN observed, that the services render-
ed were important and indispensable; and the clerk,
with the exception of one or two days, had been
regularly employed. The Government had had
the benefit of his services, and he oHght to be paid
for them; and, the simple question now was, wheth-
er the Government should take the services of this
individual wiihout paying him for them.
Mr. HOPKINS desired to know of the gentle-
man from Ohio whether the House, at the last ses-
sion, did not, by a solemn vote, limit the services
of this clerk to that session?
Mr. CO WEN presumed that it was so. Buth^
would observe, that the clerk himself knowing how
necessary and indispensable the continuation of his
work was, of his own motion went into the com-
mittee-room and continued his labors, relying on
the justice of Congress to pay him.
Mr. HOPKINS then observed that the question
was not, as stated by the gentleman from Ohio,
whether the House would take the services of this
clerk for nothing; but the true question was, whether
the decision ef the House that his services in
the recess were not wanted, should stand; and
whether he should be permitted,of his own motion,
to thru* himself into their committee-room, and
perform services which they had solemnly declared
should not be rendered.
Mr. TURNEY moved to amend the resolution,
by striking out the word "continue" and insert the
word "employ;',' the effect of which was to prevent
his being continued during the recess. The House
at the last session (Mr. T. said) passed a resolu-
tion limiting his employment to that session; not-
withstanding which, he, of his own motion, went
into the committee-room, and performed services
which the House declared were not necessary, and
now came forward and asked to be paid for it. If
the House should now pay him for working on his
own authority during the lastrecess.it would be
setting a precedent under which ha would have
nothing more to do but to set the present resolution
at defiance, go into the committee-room again in
the next recess, and at the next session again
demand pay for it. It would have been far better
(Mr. T.said) to have adopted a resolution origi-
nally paying him for his services in the recess, and
continuing him in regular employment, than to
permit the solemn decision of the House to be
thus ret aside. Mr. T. concluded by calling for
the yeas and nays on the question; which were ac-
cordingly ordered.
Mr. COWEN offered a few remarks in expla-
nation, previous to the taking of the question, and
expressed the hope that the House would not di^
regard all former precedents on the subject, an
take the services ot this clerk for nothing.
The House rejected ihq amendment—ayes 93,
noes 101.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of the resolution, and it was adopted.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
The CHAIR announced the first business in
order to be the bill to repeal the bankrupt law,
with the motion of the srentleman from New York
[Mr. Barnard] to commit the bill to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and the motion of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [C. J. Ingeiuoll] to in-
struct the committee to report a bill excluding
voluntary applicants, and banks owned by States,
and including such corporations not owned by
States as issue notes of circulation. The pending
question was a motion for the previous question
mide by Mr. Pickens.
Mr. CUSHING appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw the call, in order to enable him to offer a
proposition.
After some conversation backwards and for-
wards,
Mr. PICKENS assented, on condition that the
motion should be renewed.
Mr. CUSHING then said that the effect of the
previous question would be cut off all amendments
and instructions, and bring up the question upon
the engrossment of the bill as it now stood. What
he proposed was, that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] should withdraw his motion
to commit the bill, in consequence of which the
instructions would fall to the ground, and he (Mr.
C.) be enabled to tender an amendment to the con-
sideration of the House. He would send hi*
amendment to the Chair, that it might be read for
information. The amendment was then read by
the Clerk, as follows; so that, instead of taking ef-
fect on the 5th December, 1842, it shall read:
"That tlm act shall not affect any case or proceeding ip.
bankruptcy commenced before the passage of this act; or any
pains, penalties, or forfeitures incurred under the said act; but
every such proceeding may be continued to its final consumma.
tion, in like manner as if this act.had not been passed."
Mr. BARNARD said he would consent to with'
draw Ivs motion to commit, on one condition; and
that was, that he be permi ted to offer a substitute
for the bill as it now stood. He would send his
substitute to the Chair, to be read for information:
Be it unacted, Ifc , That so much of the act entitled "An act
to establish a uniform system ol bankruptcy throughout the
United States," approved on the 19th day of August, 18ft, as
authorizes any person owing debts to apply, by petition, for the
benefit of said act, together with all the parts of such act which
are applicable solely to the mode of obtaining the benefit of
the provisions of such act in behalf of debtors, by the volun-
tary petition of such debtors, without the concurrence or aid
of the creditors, be, and the same is hereby, repealed : Pro-
vided, That this act shall not affect any case or proceeding in
bankruptcy already commenced, or which shall be commenced
before the 4th day of March nest, or any pains, penalties, or
forfeitures prescribed in and incurred, or which shall be in-
curred, under said act,
He proposed this, hoping ihat it might prove
acceptable to the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Coshino,! in lieu of his own.
Mr. CUSHING was unwilling to accept of the
amendment, because it went beyond the object
which he desired to attain. His object was to
perfect the bill, without going beyond it.
Mr. BARNARD. If my proposition be ad-
mitted, it will include that of the gentleman from
Massachusetts.
Mr. CUSHING. Yes, and something more.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the pro-
ceedings, as out of order.
Mr. CUSHING again appealed to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Barnakd,] to with-
draw the motion to commit.
Mr. BARNARD here declined.
Mr. CUSHING, in accordance with the pledge
he had given, moved the previous question.
Tellers [Messrs. Hopkins and Linn] were ap-
pointed, who reported—ayes CO, noes 94.
So the House refused to sustain the previous
question. '
The SPEAKER then announced the question
to be on the motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see.
Mr UNDERWOOD wished to make one or
two observations. When the bankrupt bill was
under consideration, and before it was passed, he
talked to the House by the hour against it; and he
proposed some twenty or thirty amendments, but
no attention was paid to them. The bill was
passed hastily, and wiihout due consideration; and
the effect was seen in these propositions to repeal
it. The House was now proceeding with the
same haste to repeal, as they proceeded to pass the
bill; and be wished to make a few suggestions, and
to ask the House to deliberate on a measure which
was to affect so many interests in the country. If
they repealed this law, without qualification or re-
striction, they would affect a class of vested
interests which he considered good faith would
not allow them to touch. And what weie
the)? They were interests of this kind: la all
cases of involuntary bankruptcy, where credit-
ors were proceeding against their debtors, they
had the right, if an act of bankruptcy had been
committed, to have the debtors declared bank-
tupts, and thdr property distributed prorata ac-
cording to their debts; to set aside all fraudulent
conveyances which had been executed within sixty
days before the application; and to disregard all
preferences which the bankrupts might have made.
But, by this hasty legislation, they would do away
with all these rights. He could illustrate his mean-
ing by citing his own case. He had had to proceed
against aa individual, to compel him into banlt-
rupfcy, to cause a distribution of his assets; the
case was afterwards settled by compromise, and
therefore, as it was now at an end, he had
no personal interest; but he doubted not there
were hundreds of similar cases existing, and they
were now, by hasty proceedings, about to nullify
the whole that had been done. There was, how-
ever, a proposition made, by way of proviso and
salvo, to this effect: that the repealing act shall not
take effect except from its passage; or the 5th day of
December, as it now stood; or from the 1st of July,
as was proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnard.] And what was the object of a
provision of that sort? He would tell the House,
and he would sho'w its injustice to the community.
That proceeding was, to allow all those who had
not already done so, to cut their legal obligations
to their creditors. Why was the act to be repeal-
ed? It was, as gentlemen said, in obedience to
public sentiment. What did public sentiment
demand? That they should not touch the legal
obligation of contracts; and, in pursuance of that
sentiment, it was proposed to repeal this law. But,
in the proviso, they said they would allow time to
cut as many legal obligations as possible. And
what was their plea for that? Why, it had beea
said, because they had done it in respect to some,
they should therefore do it in respect to others.
Their having done it in respect to soms, was made
the pretext for doing it towards all: and that was
their respect for public sentiment! and that was the
way they proposed to do for the people what it was
