*4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
presented, and, upon his motion, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MERRICK, agreeably to notice, and on
leave, introduced a bill to repeal certain poriions
of the act of Congress, approved August 1st, 1843,
entitled "An act establishing certain post offices
and post rentes," which was read.
Mr. MERRICK desired that the bill might be
read a second time and disposed of, without being
referred to the committee; as it was merely to cor-
rect the error which was made in engrossing the
bill of August last, and which had been spoken of
yesterday; which error was the cause of continuing
the post office at the high school in Fairfax county,
a few mtles from Alexandria, when Congress ac-
tually, by a formal vote, stiuck from the bill such
office.
The bill was read a second time, considered as
in committee of the whole, reported to the Senate,
and, being engrossed according to order, was read
the third time and passed.
Mr. BENTON said he took pleasure in present-
ing to the Senate the credentials of bis colleague,
Lewis F. Limh, who was elected by the Legisla-
ture of Missouri a. Senator from that Stale for six
years from the 4 th ot March next; which Mr. B.
moved to have placed on the files of the Senate, as
the oath of office would not be-adminUtered until
after the expiration of this Congress.
Mr. FULTON presented th^ credentials of his
colleague, Ambrose H. Sevier, who was elected
by the Legislature of Arkansas a Senator from that
State for six years from and after the 4ih of March,
1843. Mr. F., in presenting the credentials, re-
marked that a misstatement had gone abroad as to
the term for which his colleague was elected. That
some of the papers had published that he was
elected from the <l'h of March, 1845, instead of the
4th of March, 1843. He wished this error in the
public mind corrected. Th  credentials were or-
dered to be placed on the files.
Mr. BARROW submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies for the present on the table, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on ttie Public J.riruN be in-
Btrucujd to lnrjuue into the expediencyof granting to the fjUiite
of Louisiana every alternate section of the public Units in the
limits of that State, which have been letu rued as not worth the
cost of survey; anil each altcmatesoction of.-inch lands as are
subject to inundation by the oveillowmg of :lie Mississippi
river, on the condition tii.it the said State construct levees, by
means of which b.nd lauds shall be eilecludiiy proicclcd, thcie-
aftev, from inundation- And provided, That the piocceda of
the sales of Urnls reclaimed by means of such levees, shall
be exclusively appropriated by the Slate oi Louisiana to the
making ot loads and the improving of rivcis and bayous witlim
its limits.
Mr. WOODBURYsaid a bill had been introduced,
and approved by the Committee on Commerce, to
allow a drawback on goods exported in original
packages by way of the Northwest. He had
wished that the bill might be made general in its
provisions; and he threw outcome suggestions to the
Committee on Commeice, a few days ago, when
the bill alluded to was referred to it, with the hope
that they might consider it just and proper to make
the bill a general one. He also stated on that oc-
casion, that if they did not do so, he woul 1 feel it
his duty to move an amendment to the bill when
it was taken up for consideration. Fie had de-
termined, however, not to embarrass! action on
that bill, and would move the adoption of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of dllowmga drawback on for-
eign merchandise exported in oiisrma! packages?, as well by sea
as over land.
The resolution was adopted.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
WaiQHT on yesterday, was taken up, and, being
explained by the mover, was adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Retrenchment be instruct-
ed to inquire and report to the Senate the number of clerk* of
committees who have been appointed and paid out of the con-
tingentfund of the Senate, durins iho last and present de-
gress; the amount so paid to such Uerl:s,and the rate ofcompen-
satioi'i and whether any, and what, other mode can, in the opin-
ion of the committee, be adopted, by winch a more tteneral
aad equal, and effectual aid to ail llie committees of the"Senate
may be secured in a moie reasonable form, and on moieero.
nomica! terms.
The resolution by Mr. Allen, to rescind the 40'h
rule of the Senate, concerning the business in se-
cret session,came tip in order; but was, on the mo-
tion of the mover, postponed till the 2d Monday in
January next, and made the order for that day.
On motion by Mr. WOODBURY, 300 copies ad-
ditional of the report of thecoast survey were order-
ed to be printed for the use of the Senate.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The resolution introduced oo yesterday by Mr.
Linn, came up in order, and was read as follows:
JResoloeduThat, the President be requested to inform (he Sen-
ate of the nature and extentofthe "miorraal communications"
which, took place between the American Secretary of State
and the British special minister, during the late negotiation m
Washington city, on the "subject of the claim ot the United
States and Great Biitoin to the territory west of the Rocky
Mountains;" and also to inform the Senate what were the iea-
eons which prevented "any agreement on the subject at pres-
ent," and which made it "inexpedient to include that subject
among the subjects of formal negotiation."
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the Senator from
Missouri, that, inasmuch as it might be inconsist-
ent with the public interests that this information
should be communicated at this time, it would be
better to amend the resolution by inserting the
words "if not inconsistent with the public inter-
est." His own opinion was, that the honorable
Si nator would be nearer to the accomplishment of
his purpose by not pressing the passage of the reso-
lution at this time.
Mr. LINN said he considered the suggestion of
the honorable Senator exceedingly reasonable. The
reason why he had introduced the resolu'ion was,
that they might have some information regarding
the condition of the Oregon terriiory. The nego-
tiations upon that subject had slept for the last
twelve or fouiteen years. It appeared that some
correspondence had taken place, informally, be-
tween the Secretary of State and Lord A hburton;
and he felt great anxiety that something positive
shou'd be known residing the coum- which had
been pursued in reference to this subject. Many
of our citizens were now going to that Ter-
ritoty, and th-y were desirous of knowing
in what position they were likely to be
placed. Tnc claim of the British Government
appeared to be insome degree strengthened by lapse
of'time; and the public feeling in many of the
S^tes throughout the valley oi' the Mississippi gen-
erall'.', and, indeed, throughout the whole United
Slates, demanded that some definite action should
take place. Wc want to know what the British
Government are disposed to tolerate iu the posses-
sion of. That seemed to be the nature of the case;
not what we are disposed io assert our right to ami
to claim, but what they will allow lis the possession
of. He was of opinion that the resolution would
do very well as it was; if, however, the gentleman
from Viiginia was desirous that it should be modi-
fied in accordance with the suggestion he had made,
he (Mr. Link) had not the least objection.
Mr. ARCHER observed, that it the resolution
was to pass st all, it should be with the usual mod-
ification; hut the resolution seemed to have teen
brought forward under a misapprehension of the
fact—under the supposition that all negotiations
upon the subject had been totally laid a?ide. If this
were the ground upon which it had been introduced,
it was, as be (Mr. Archer) was advised, a mistaken
supposition. The subject had not been laid aside:
it was still a pending subject of negotiation between
the two Governments. And in this view of the
subject, he would submit to the honorable Senator
whether i' was fit that they should make the inqui-v
at this timr; or whe her he would promote his ob-
ject by pressing the matter no v; and whether it
would not be better, therefore, to permit the reso-
lution to he upon tfce table for the present. If his
honorable friend, however, would accept the modi-
fication which he had suggesied, he would offer no
opposition to its adoption.
Mr. LllNTN" assented, observing that be did not
consider it at all material, as, if th? furnishing of the
informa'icn s-hoidd be cor^idered by the Executive
a* detrimental to the public interests, it would be
withheld in either case.
Mr. KING sa'd he was escccdir.gly desirous
that an investigation of this subject should take
place at an early day, and that the question should
be set at rest. It appeared to him, however, that
if negotiations were now actually pending, it would
be utterly idle and nugatory to ask the Executive
for any information upon this subject. II!S an-
swer must necessarily be, that it does not comport
with the public interest to make such communica-
tion. He (Mr. King) had had some experience
here; and he knew very well that calls of this kind
frequently embarrass negotiations. They were too
much in the habit of pushing things to pub'icity at
so early a period, that the whole world were aware
of the precise position in which their nf gotiations
stood, and were enabled to avail themselves of thst
knowledge to embarrass the negotiation, and coun-
teract its objects.
Mr- BENTON sustained the resolution, and en-
forced the arguments urged by his colleague [Mr.
Linn] in favor of its immediate adoption. In the
course of bis remarks, he dwelt particularly on
the fact, that, m the correspondence furnished to
the Senate relative to the late negotiation between
the British special minister and our Secretary of
State, not one word is said about the proposition;?
made by eiiher party for an adjustment tf the
claims to the Columbia river. The President's
message alluded to "informal communications,"
but tbev are not found in the correspondence fur-
nished to the Senate. The resolution makes two
inquiries: one as to the "nature and ex'ent of
these informal communications;1' and the other as
to the "reasons which prevented any agreement on
the subject at present," and which made it "inexpe-
dient to include the subject among the subjects of
formal negotiations."
There could be no reason for withholding the
nature of the conference in those particulars.
There is no necessity for State seciets in this
country. Our right to the Columbia river, and all
the territory we claim in that region, is undoubted;
and we assert it to the world. If Great Britain has
a claim, let it too be taken in hand, and spread
before the world. The delay had been entirely
to her advantage. When all the subjects of ne-
gotiation were in our hands, we could have co-
erced Great Britain to recognise our rights; but by
postponing this subject, and settling others, we
parted with the means of insisting on our rights,
and strengthened her claim. If Great Britain has a
better claim, let her show it. There was nothing to
be ashamed of in the matter, if it was an honest
claim. We made no secret of the nature of our
claim. There should be none about ihe proposi-
tions to put ifce question of right at rest. The
correspondence and nature of the conference on
other subjects, not included in the treaty, were
made known; and why not all re'ating to this sub-
ject of the Columbia river and Northwest territory?
The resolution was not only proper, but necessary;
and fee hoped it would be adopted. If the opposi-
tion to it was persisted in, he should call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LINN said there was a particular point in-
volved in the resolution, which, probably, his hon-
orable friends were not acquainted with. It was
founded upon certain informal conversations which
took place between Mr. Gallatin and the British
ministry, in London, respecting the intention of the
British Government to "district the territory of Ore-
gon. The British had asserted their intention to
insist upon the extension of their boundary to the
forty-ninth parallel of latitude, and along that par-
allel to the Columbia—taking in the whole va'lley
ot the Columbia. This will, of course, deter Uni-
ted States citizens from settling north of the Co-
lumbia river. He (Mr. Linn) desired that the
country should know precisely the state of the case.
Jit had no desire to embarrass the Administration.
If the President supposed the public interest would
be jeoparded by the disclosure, he could, of course,
say so; and that would be an answer to '.he resolu-
tion.
The question was then put on the resolution, and
it was adopied.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
Mr. Benton's resolution, offered yesterday,
was taken up for consideration, and read as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates be re-
quested to inform the Senate whether the late spccial minister
lrom Great Britain to the United States made any proposition
ni™!:aS„,or "JheiwifB, to llie negotiator on ihe part ot the
i v. , L 5?' r th,i assumption or guaranty of the State
•a UdTt m et"metlt0f thetl,uteJ ^tes to the holders of
