16
CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
scarcely deem it necessary 10 state, much less to
to argue, the necessity of the survey of the coast of
a country which had 2,240,000 tons of shipping—
a nation only second in the world in amount of its
shipping, the first having but 2,800.000 tons!
He then noticed several shoals in bis own neigh-
borhood, about whose position and extent there had
been much controversy, and the consequent loss of
time which was occasioned by the sweeping route
which its uncertain position compelled vessel? to
take; and, also, to the inaccuracy with which shoals
bad been hitherto laid down, wherebv both lives
and property had been sacrificed. These shoals
were found on every part of their coast; and, in
consequence of the uncertainty attending their po-
sitions, wrecks occurred; and the owner? of one
wrecked vessel alone had suffered recently to the
extent of $50,000. Ha could appeal to his friends
from Maine, (whose constituents were deeply in-
terested in this survey, especially tho'e engaged in
the lumb>-r Irade;) bat he took it forgrasied that a
survey of the coast was deemed necessary io all
parts of the coun'ry, and that a wire economy
would dictate it to the Government, for the sake
more particularly of every part of the nation where
there was a surplus of produces, and a desire to
send that surplus to matket.
It was, however, proposed to abandon the sur-
vey now; and it was added, that it could be re-
sumed by-and-by. He looked upon this survey as
one of the most splendid monuments of human
genius which science had ever erected m the
world; and he represented Mr. Hass'er as entitled
to the nation's gratitude; and as regarded the sur-
vey, in point of economy, he considered its con-
tinuance as the most economical course that could
be pursued. The work was in progress; the diffi-
culiies attendant on the commencement of all great
works had been surmounted; skill was employed,
which the country had paid for, and instruments
and vessels were provided. If, therefore, these per-
sons were disbanded, and Ihese instruments and
vessels were disposed of, they would Hot only lose
all they had been acquiring, but a very Urge ex-
penditure would bs requisite whenever the work
was resumed, which its continuance would not
call for.
Some conversation here ensued between Mr.
BURNELL  nd Mr. AYCRiGG on the points
disputed at an earlier period of the debate.
Mr. BUKNELL then proceeded to fhow the re-
cessity of the continuance of ti:e survej: finr, by
calling attention to the discoveries which had been
already made, a: d the partial advantage* which
it had afforded; and then by stating, particularly,
certain errors respec ing the position* of shoals,
which had occasioned the loss of property equal to
the whole cost of the survey; and the absolute ne-
cessity which existed of affo.dirg to mariners cor-
rect charts for tbeir guidance.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said he di 1 not rise
so much to make a speech, as to state a motion
which he should submit, in ca?e the pending mo-
tion was voted down. He had taken great psins
to be correctly informed as to this survey; and he
was convinced that it w?s a subject of great na-
tional importance, and on no account to be aban-
doned. Hf? w,n equally satisfied and convinced
that Mr. Hauler's supervision was the bes.i that
could be obtained in the country. Without, then,
intending to imply any w ant of confidence in Mr.
Hassler, he wa? stilj convinced that $25,000 a
year might be saved by simply requiring cur own
officers of the army and navy to perform '.he du-
ties, for performing which others were paid so
highly. He should move to insert the following
proviso to the appropriation:
Provided, The 8ii["crintem'ent shai! iinve no power over the
disposition of said money, bat that tl o officers of the army awl*
nivy shall be e.\oliMVi-ly employ-it upon the survey of the
coast, untler the direction of ti-e fc^ciemrifs of War dli'l [be
Navy, respectively.
Bv reference to the report of Ih? Secretary of
the Treasury, it would be s en what lirge sums,
bad been expended. In 1833, §90,000 ex-
pended; in 1836, $47,000; in 1837, £91 000; ;n
1838, §88,000; in 1839, $88,000; in 1840, $68,000;
during the first two quarters of 1841, about £34,-
000; and f.r the expenses of 'h" hydrograpMe
p.mss from 1835 to 1841, §32.000. 'There 'had
also bseft expended, in the shape of extra pay to
officers of the army and ravy, (being the differ-
ence between their regular pay and their allowance
when employed on thesurvey) $114,584. It would
be perceived that the sum appropriated was annu-
ally increased, and it was not until within a year
or two past that §100,000 was annually appropri-
ated. He saw no reason tvhy the increase Isad
been made. In the report, he found a long list of
officers with large salaries; and, in fa-:', Mr. Hass-
ler bid more money at his disposal than any of-
ficer of the Government except the President.
He agreed with his friend from Illinois, [Mr,
Reynolds,] that if the officers educated at West
Point Academy were not capable of making sur-
veys required by the Government, it was high time
the country should be informed of the fact. Mr.
Hassler, too, was old; and it could not be expected
that a man so advanced in life would long survive
to be at the head of the survey. Acting upon this
fact, he thought we should be training our officers
to succeed him m the pe.formar.ee of his invalua-
ble sei vices. That these officers should be alloved
extra pay when making surveys, he thought essen-
tially wrong. Our navy officers were now p.-id
liberally—higher than those of any other navy in
the world. Should the committee vote down the
motion pending, (which seemed to him f> be a mere
forcible cutting down of the appropriation, without
rhyme or reason,) he should move that they be em-
ployed to the exclusion of other persons who were
now paid bieh salaries by the Government.
Mr. MALLORY said he was aware of the anxi-
ety of the committee that the debate should be
brought to a close; yet, he felt it to be due to him-
self, as the chairman of the seleetcommittee, not io
permit the question to be taken viLhout offering a
few remarks. He regretted that this discussion
should have taken place in advance of the report
of the select committer, because he was convinced
that, when that leport should have been made, the
evidence by which it would be accompanied would
bear htm out in what-hc had said when he last ad
dressed the committee, as well as what he shobid
now say. He was no enemy to the coast survey;
but it was because of his great anxiety to have it
finished that he had instituted the inquiry to know
why, after the expenditure of $100,000 a rear,
(making a gross sum of $750,000 to $900,000,)
no practical results had been accomplished,
except three pi i ijl char's-, one of which was
ItnoTn to be incorrect. Gentlemen might make
light of this; but those who are acquainted
i with maritime affairs laiov; that it was by no
j means a lxht matter to have charts placed
; ii the hardi of mariners which were incorrect.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bur-
nell] seemed to think that it made r.o difference
how the- trsle was, so the chart itss't wascoriect.
Mr. BURNELL explained. What he had sa d
was, that the survey might be very accutate, and
yet the sca'e of the chart so placed as to give an
erroneous ide?.
Mr MALLORY resumed. As he had said,
after the expenditure of (io spesk in round mim-
bers) $800 000; attcr the employment of one brig,
four schooners, twenty barges, and scores of men
from the army and navy, for ten yiars, nothing per-
ceptible had been done—noihiog to sho~.' to the
country for tins vast expenditure of raoney! And
yet, because he had instituted inquiries, and inves-
tigated the proceedings of this extraordinary prodigy
of science—this Galileo—this Sophocles—this Nes-
tor—this Ferdinand R, Hassler;—because he hari
presumed to question a man thus plastered with
praise by gentlemen here, he was to be charged
with having b-en guilty of a seandalum magnatum!
Surely, no philosopher ot ancient or modem times
ever had such eulogies passed upon him. The
rem!°msn from South Carolina '{Mr. Holmes]
might say that he ielt rebuked that a committee of
the House—men learned only m the alphabet o!
scicnce—should interpose to correct such a mathe-
matician as Hassler. But he (Mr. M.)felt rebuked
from a different cause. He felt rebuked for the army
and navy of his country—rebuked to think that none
of the officers were capable of conducting the sur-
veys ordered by the Government. It would seem,
from passing events, that Congress had to deal with ,
a privileged order of men, and that it could not call
in quest-on the conduct of any of the officers and
employees of this Government, without bringing
upon itself a shower of denunciation and abuse.
These complaints on the part of interested individ-
uals had become stereotyped; and, a few days
since, a correspondence was even carried on be-
tween a gentleman advocating Mr. Hassler on the
floor, and a portion of his corps of observation in
the gallery. It might be a part of Mr. Hassler's
diplomacy to have this corps of observation in the
gallery, instead of in the field; and he wondered
that the friends and eulogists of that gentleman did
not think of him as a fit person to conduct the ne-
gotiations with Lord Ashburton.
En', the time admonished him that hefmust hurry
on with his remarks. Eccentricity was, with him,
no excuse for arrogance and insolence, and confu-
sion of ideas was no test of greatness; tor, when he
was a school-boy, one of the first lessons taught
him was, that the individual whose head thought
clearly, always spoke clearly and wrote clearly.
So much in reply to his colleague's remaik* on Mr.
Hassler'seccentricities and confusi n of ideas. But
he was known in Europe, gentlemen said. How
known? and for what? What ha'd he done to cause
his name to be kno-jm throughout the world? Any
common navigator and mathematician, with one
little vessel, could have traced out the soundings of
a few bays and rivers, as well as this Galileo, So-
phocles, or MarshaljBlucher has done it, (for Mr.
Hassler had been compared by his eulogists to all
these great men ) In one respect, it appeared to
him that it did require the talents of Marshal
Blucher to conduct this great army and squadron
of the coast survey. What were thej? First,
there was his Noah's ark, with its four foaming
steeds; next, his theodolit-e; vertical and reflecting
circles; transit instruments; his box-chronometers-
mounted barometers, (on horseback, he supposed,)
reflecting telescopes, thermometers, and alhidades;
his arm-protractor,?; his microscopic comparateur;
his subdivided kilogrammes; micrometer screws;
and, last, his box of wooden legs. These (said Mr.
M ) are the accoutrements of the commander-in-
chief. Thfn we have a brilliant array of army
officers, with their sixty tents, with a retinue of
wagons and horses, Tnen came the navy force,
headed by a captain in the navy, with several na-
val officers, and twenty boat?, with their crews.
Now, he would say that it did require the talents of
Marthal Blucher to manage this grand array of na-
val and military foice.
While speaking of the arrogance of this foreigner,
he did net wish to be understood as having any
hostile feelings to any foreigner that came to this
country. On the contrary, he was willing that he
should enjoy the same rights that he (Mr. M.) did;
willing, in short, to place him on the same footing with
himself; but he was unwilling that he should exalt
himself aborn every other man in the country,
and to sea the Congress of the United States en-
dorse the calumny. Such was the prejudice of this
foreigner against the United States, that he would
not even get the copper for his plates in this coun-
try, but sent for them to Europe; and when he did get
it, it was found to be worthless, and unfit for the
purpose. He also sent to Hamburgh for two en-
gravers, when it was well known that there were a
number of engravers in this country capable of ex-
ecuting any work that might be given them.
Speaking of his arrogance, there was not a depart-
ment of the Government, in which he bad not
given a sample of it. He was first attached to the
Navy Department, and at one time he had sev.
eral serious difficulties with Secretary Dicker-
son. Then he was transferred to the Treasury
Department, and we find him there (said Mr. M.)
conducting a voluminous correspondence with the
Secretary about his pay, and the pay of those
under his command. Though so much had been
faid about his disinterestedness, yet he was willing
to absent himself from his duties for months, to
squable with the departments about the amount of
his compensation. And as to his great qualifica-
tions—why, he tells you himself, in one of his
reports, that he was five years getting teadv to be-
gin his work; and all that time, too, drawing fall
day from the Government,
