GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 31, 1842.
Volume 12-"-No. 6.
Continued from No. 5.
gratuitous correspondence upon this head, after the
treaty was concluded! The treaty bears date the
9th of August, and must have been concluded
some days before that time. Mr. Webster's letter
bears da'e the 8th of August—Lord Ashbnr-
. ton's ihe 9th of August; and each letter concludes
with a farewell, and a declaration that these letters
"ehsed" their correspondence! Thus the minister
bad a natural occasion presented to him to revive
the pretension ot impressment, and was thereby
saved from appearir g "officious" or ' inquisitive"
upon the subject, as ii is intended that the British
governors in the West Indies shall appear when
liberating American slaves. This proves that the
Times newspaper was right as to impressment: the
stipulations for the African ?quadron show that it
was equally right as to the "special articles" in lieu
of the right of search ! And boili together prove
that impressment, right of search, and this African
squadron, hunting negroes in couples on the coast
of Africa, are all part and parcel of the same thing
—the degrading right of impressment, against which
the United States went to war in 1812.
This is enough to prove the British origin of
these African articles, and the fallacy of the form
in which they came before us.
Mr. B. ?aid, upon these expositions of facts and
rsasons, he trusted that no further opposition would
be made to the call whirh iv hid submitted. He
had a right to ihe information: the whole Ameri-
can people bad a right to it. A treaty concerns
the public, and the negotiators have no right to
make chimney-corner ivork of it—to convert it
into a private affair—give and take what they
please ; and k?ep no record—make no report—in-
form the country nothing about it. This is. the
first time negotiations have been so conducted in
our countrv: let .t be the las.! Let the rebuke be
now administered which will prevent tbe repetition
of such reprehensible conduct m future. Our ne-
gotiator seems to have acted without instructions
from the P.psident; the cortespondenre ?hows it,
and h« so declared it at Boston. He seems also
to heve made no minutes of his proceedings. And
now, if he is to make no report to us, (a part of the
treaty-making power,) there is an end to accounta-
bility and responsibility on the great point of our
negotiations with foreign powers.
Mr. EVANS said it was not his purpose to dis-
cuss tbe resolution; but, as it was evident it would
take up a considerable portion of time, he hoped
it would be postponed. He would suggest to the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] the propriety
of letting it lie over till to mertow.
Mr. ARCHER assenting, the resolution was
postponed till to-morrow.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRr.
ATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill wps taken up a*; in com*-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS stated that the committee had not
proposed any amendments to this bill, although there
was no appropriation in it for the coast survey.
It was, however, only for appropriations of the cur-
rent half year; and when the general appropriaticn
bill for the fiscal year came up, nny omissions
could be supplied.
Mr. WOODBURY observed that, though the Hp.
propriations in this bill were not higher than the
estimates, yet there were two classes of appropria-
tions m it, which looked to expendituies thnt ought
to be reduced. The estimates themselves were too
high, and would lead to expense* larger than were
proper in the prejent state of ihe country. They
were those connected with our judicary and the
diplomatic relations. But, as this would be correct-
ed in the next bill, (and it was very desirous to
have this one pass speedily,) he would make no
motion to amend, but merely state this fact m or-
der to foreclose any inference that double the
amount of those two classes of appropriations in
this bill was not thought too high for the whole
year.
There being no proposition to amend the bill, it
was reported back to the Senate, ordered to be read
a third time, was read a third time, and passed.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Senate
a message from the President of the United States,
covering the following communication from the
Secretary of State-
Department op State,
Washington, Dec. 23, 1842.
To tke Prasident:
The Secretary of State—to whom the President has referred
the resolution of the Senate of the 22d instant, m the following
words: "That the President of the ITnited States be requested
to inform the Senate whether the late special minister from
Great Britain to the United States made any proposition, infor-
mally or otherwise, to ihe negotiator on the part of the United
Siatea, for the assumption or guaranty of the State debts by the
Government of the United States to the holders of said debts"—
has the honor to report to the President, that the late special
minister from Great Britain to the United States made no prop-
osition, informal or otherwise, to the negotiator on the part of
the United States, for the assumption or guaranty of the State
debts by the Government of the United States to the holders of
said debts.
daniel webster.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, and by unani-
mous consent, the communication was ordeted to
be printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate the following communication from the Presi-
dent ot the United States:
To the Senate of Ihe United States;
I have received the icsnlution of the 22d inst, requesting
me to inform the Senate of the natme and extent of the -infor
rnal communications" winch took place between the Amencan
Secretary of State and the British special nnnister,dunng the
late ncsr >tnuon in Washington city, on the "subject of the claim ,
of the United States ami Great Britain to the ten itory west of
the Rocky Mountain?:" and also to inform the Senate what
woie the leasoiiB which pi evented "any agreement on the
subject at present," and which made it "inexpedient to include
that subject among the f ubjects of formal negotiation "
In my message to Congress at the commencement of the
present session, m adverting to the tcrritoiy of tho United
States on the Pacific ocean, north of the 42d dea. of north lati-
tude, a part of which is claimed by Great Britain, 1 recom- '
mended that, "in advance of the claims of individual lights to
these lands, sound policy dictates that every effort should bo
resorted to by the two Governments to settle their respective
claims;" and also stated that I should not delay to uree ori Gieat
JRmain the importance of an early settlement. Meaauies have
been already taken, in pursuance of ihe purpose thus express-
ed; and, under the?c cneiimstanccs, I do not deem u consistent
with ihe public interest to mako any communication on the
subject. JOJIN TYLER.
Washington, Dec. 23,1842.
On motion of Mr. ARCHER, ar,d by unanimous
consent, the communication was ordered to be
printed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, (there being no
further basinets before the Senate,) ihe Senale pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, having spent a short time therein, adjourned
till Tuesday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 23, 1842.
PRIVATE BILL DAY.
This day and to-morrow were, some days since,
set apart for ihe consideration of the business on
the private calendar; and it was also asreed to
meet two hows eatlier than usual on these two
days.
The SPEAKER accordingly called the Hou. e
to order this morning at 10 o'clock; and at the de-
votional exercises by the Rev. Mr. Tcston, cue of
the congressional chaplains, there were not more
thar. 90 members in attendance.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the jour-
nal of yesterday; but
Mr. ARNOLD said there was important matter
in the journal, which it would be better not to ap-
prove without a quorum at least. He therefore
suggested a postponement of the reading of the
journal.
Mr. J. C. CLARK moved a call of the Hou«r,
as he wished to see what gentlemen weie abfer-t
from the House when business required their at-
tendance.
Mr. GUSHING moved an adjournment, (al-
though he should vote against it hjmself,) and oft
this he called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered. This motion had the double effect of re-
cording the names of-gentlemen present, and of
giving time for others to arrive.
The yeas and nays having been taken, (during
which the members in attendance increased,) the
motion to adjourn was negatived—yeas 5, na s 51.
Mr. CO WEN moved that the call of the House
be dispensed with.
The motion was negatived.
The question was then taken on. seconding the
call of the House; on which the vote was—54 itt
the affirmaiive, and 40 in the negative; being still
les5 than a quorum.
Mr. BIDLACK said he wished to see the differ-
ence between profession and practice; and, there-
fore, he called upon the Clerk to state is hat num-
ber of gentlemen voted to change the hotir of
meetine from 19 to 10 o'clock.
Mr. CUSHING said the vote was taken by tel-
lers, and, therefore, the names of the gentlemen
who voted in the majority could not be given.
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that the committees
be called for reports.
The SPEAKER replied that no busin ss could
be entertained until a quorum was in attendance.
Arter some irregular conversation between sev-
eral members,
Mr. CHAPMAN moved that the House do
now adjourn. .
Mr. BOARDMAN and other? railed for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and re?idled as fol-
lows: Yeas 7, nays 109.
The motion to adjourn was, therefore, negatived.
It being now ascertained that a quorum was iti
attendance, the journal of yesterday was read, and
approved
The SPEAKER then said the business in order
was the bill?', on theprivate calendar;and, Mrst, those
bills wogld be taken which were ready for a third
reading.
The following bills were then read a third time,
and passed:
A bill for the relief of Robert Ramsey.
A bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Martha, of Eastport, Maine.
A bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Cod-hook, of Blur hill, Maine.
A bill to refund to Charles Holt a fine imposed
on him under the sedition law.
A bill for the relief of George Hammell.
A bill granting a pension to Isaac Piummer.
A till for the relief of Major Thomas Harrison.
A bill for the relief of JohnJavins.
A bill for the relief of John Farnham.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hambleion.
A bill for the relief of Levi Eldridge and others.
A bill for the relief of the owners, roaster, and
crew of the schooner Joanna, of Ellsworth, Maine.
A bill for the relief of William Allen.
A bill for the relief of Lloyd J. Bryan.
A bill for ihe relief of Nancy Tompkins.
A bill for the relief of Benjamin J. Totten.
A bill for the relief of Mary Crawford.
A bill granting to Captain James Lowe one
thousand dollars and a section of land.
A bill for the relief of Leah Tenure, widow of
Michael Tenure.
A bill for the relief of Ruth Mathiot.
A bill for the relief of Carter B. Chandler,
A bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
A bill for the relief of Sarah White.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Byrd.
A bili for the relief of Alice Usher.
A bill for the relief of Eve Vandenburgh.
A bill for the relief of Martha Dameron, widow
of Christopher Tompkins.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins.
A bill for the relief of Richard Marsh.'
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bonoell.
A bill for the relief of Nancy Hambright.
A bill for the relief of Tirzah Hunt.
A bill for the payment oi seven companies of
