CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•M
of- instruction in the naval service of the United
States;
* Which were read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN; leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the Senate
the* petition and documents of William Mercdiih,
the heir of Williatn Meredith, for compensation
for revolutionary services.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate the petition
of John Burke.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, without amendment, the
bill for the relief cf persons residing wilhin the re-
puted limits of the States of Arkansas and Louisia-
na, and beyond the boundary lire between the
United States and the Republic of Texas, establish-
ed by the commissioners appointed to ascertain the
same.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a resolution, which
was read as follows:
JHeeolved, That the Committee on Commerce Inquire into
the state of our tonnage,' freights, and commerce with foreign
powers; and report whether u isproperous under the existing
arrangements, by treaties or laws in relation thereto; and, also,
whether the regulations by other Governments are equally in
conformity to the spirit of these arrangements; and if either be
not so, what measures are proper to insure greater prosperity
and reciprocity.
Mr. W. said it was a very important inqniry
which concerned the whole country, but especially
the Northern portion of the country; and, there-
fore, he hoped it would be passed at once. The
question was put, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. WOODBURY then submitted the following
resolution, which lies one day, under the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to furnish the Senate with the following information:
1. The amount of revenue received trom customs during the
third quarter of the year 1842, on imports made m that quar-
ter.
2. As soon as the returns are obtained, the amount received
ill the 4th quarter of the same year, from the imports made in
that quarter, and tho aggregate of those imports.
3. The aggregate of appropriations outstanding and unex-
pended at the close of the years, respectively, of J 8-10, 1841, and,
when this year expires, at the em! of 1812; and
t. The quantity of land which was advertised for public,
•ale from 4th March, 1841, to the close ol one year liom that
data; and the quantiiy advertised duiing the year previous to
that date.
Mr. BERRIEN, ftom Ihe Committee on the Ju-
diciary, leported back, with amendments, (which
were ordered to be printed,) the bill for the relief
of Henry Gardner and others, directors of an in-
stitution called the New England Mississippi Land
Company.
A motion was here made by Mr. HUNTING-
TON, lo take up the motion of Mr. Wright, to re-
fer to the Committee on Finance the memorial of
the chamber of commerce of New York on the
subject of the warehousing system.
Mr. WRIGHT explained that he preferred that
the subject be passed over until to-morrow morn-
ing, before which time Senators will have read
the memorial, (now planted,) and be prepared to
vote understandingly as to which committee it
should be referred—the Committee on Finance, as
proposed by him; or the Committee on Commerce,
as proposed by the Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Huntington ]
The question was put, and the Senate refused to
take up the motion.
THE AFRICAN SO.UADRON.
The following resolution, submitted by Mr. Ben-
ton some days ago, was taken up for considers-
* lion:
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform the Sen-
ate, (ii compatible with the public interest,) whether the quin-
tuple treaty, for the suppression of the slave-trade, has
been communicated M the Government o( the United Stales
in any form whatever; and, if so, by whom; for what pur-
pose; and what answer may have been returned to suoh
communication. Also, to communicate to the Senate all the
information which may have been received by the Govern-
ment of tl.-s United States, going to show that the "course which
this Government might take in relation to said treaty has
excited no small degree of attention and discussion in Eu-
rope " Also, to inform the Senate how far the "warm animad-
versions " and "the great political excitement" which this trea-
ty lias caused in Europe, have any application or reference to
the United States. Also, to inform the Senate what danger
there was that "the laws and the obligations" of the United
States in relation to the suppression ol the Slave-trade w«u!d
be "executed by others" if we did not "remove thepietext
and mot&e for violating our flag and executing our latcs,"
by entering iato the stipulations for the African squadron, and
the remonstrating embassies which are contained in'the 8th and
9th articles of the late British treaty. Also, that the president
be requested to communicate to the Senate all the correspond-
ence with our ministers abtoad, Tetating to the foregoing
points of inquiry.' Also, that the President be requested to
communicate to the Senate all such information upon the
negotiation of the African squadron articles as will show the
origin of said articles, and the hiBtory and progress ol their
formation.
Mr. ARCHER said, when this subject was last
under consideration, he had expressed his willing-
ness that the resolution should be adopted by the
Senate, with the exception of a certain portion to-
wards the conclusion. He had thought then, and
still continued to think, th&t that portion of the
resolution to which he referred ought to be stricken
out—he meant that portion which called upon the
President for the grounds of tbe opinion he had
expressed in the message which he had communi-
cated to this body in August last. In consequence,
however, of the remarks which fell from the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri on Thursday, he
(Mr. Archer) was now deposed to allow the reso-
lution to pass, without the alteration which he had
proposed. Not that he had changed his opinion in
relation to its propriety ; for he was still of opin-
ion that the Senate ought not, on its own account,
to send suoh a message to the head of any depart-
ment of the Government; but, inasmuch as he per-
ceived that a refusal to send the resolution with
that part stricken out would be attended with cir-
cumstances highly unfavorable to the Government,
he was deposed to permit it to go without any
amendment whatever.
He had been asked why he had desired any
chaDge in the first insiance. He would answer,
that, as tbe Government had no organ in that body
by whom its views could be made known, he had
felt it incumbent upon him to act as t-uch organ.
Although he still thought it very desirable that
the resolution should be modified in the manner he
had suggested, jet there was a sort of debt of jus-
tice due to the Executive; and the latter, he
thought, was the more imperious of the two con-
siderations. He would, therefore, be governed by
it. He would waive his objection to the resolu-
tion, and acqutef-ce m its adoption.
The resolution was then adopted.
BOARD OF EXCHEQUER.
The bill amendatory of the acts establishing the
Treasury Department came up as the special order
of the day.
Mr. TALLMADGE (on whose motion this bill
had been made the order for to-day) said, at the
request of several Senators be had been induced to
move a further postponement of it. He moved to
postpone it till Tuesday next, as the special order
for that day, which motion was agreed to.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
The bill introduced by Mr. Linn some time
since, to indemnify General Jackson for the fine
imposed upon him by Judge Hall, at New Orleans,
while in the discharge of his official duty, came
up on its postponement from Thursday last.
Mr. LINN hoped the bill would now be ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, by acclamation,
as had been urged in a memorial presented this
day from Pennsylvania by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania (Mr. Bctchanin ]
Mr. CRITTENDEN understood the question of
reference yet pending.
Some doubt being expressed as to the question
now pending, a few conversational remarks were
made by several Senators, in explanation, showing
that the motion to postpone, on Thursday, super-
seded the motion to refer.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to postpone
had superseded the motion to refer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN then renewed bis motion lo
refer the bill to the Committee or the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN asked for the yeas and nays; which
wpre ordered.
Tbe question of reference to ihe Committee oil
the Judiciary was then taken by yeas and nays,
and resulted in the affirmative—yeas 23, nays 19,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts. Crittenden, Evans. Graham, Henderson. Hun-
tington, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps. Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23. ,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Ful-
ton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—19.
C&RPS OP REPORTERS.
Tbe resolution for the appointment of a c rps <-f
reporters came up in order; and was, on motion of
Mr. BAYARD, laid on the table. '
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration ef executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 27, 1842
Mr. ALFRED MARSHALL presented the pe-
tition of John Patterson and eighteen others, ship-
masters and merchants of Northport, Maine, ask-
ing the erection of suoh buoys, beacons, and spin-
dles on the Muscles ridges in Penobscot bay as will
render the navigation more safe.
Mr. LOWELL presented the peiitions of Jacob
Longfellow and ten other ship-masters and $>«-
chants of Machias, Maine; John A. Sunpsori and
ten other ship-masters and merchants of Ea?t Ma-
chias, Maine; and Jotham Lippinco t and ittir y-
two oiher ship-masters and merchants of Columbia
and Addison, Maine,—all praying for an apj^fp-
priation to improve the navigation of Penobscot
bay.
Also, letters from George Thach^r, esq., collect-
or of the port of Belfast; John Whitcomb, cap-
tain of the United States revenue-cutter AUrt; and
Green Walden, captain of the United States reve-
nue-cutter Morris,—in support of th° same obj- ct;
which were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi presented the
petition <.f T. W. Haley, H. W. Stegall, and 82
others, praying the establishment of a mail route
frrm Electra, in Monroe county, Mississippi, to
Van Buien, in said Stale: referred to the Commit-
tee on ihe Por.t Office and Post Roads.
Mr. STEENROD presented a petition of cit-
izens of Marshall county, Virginia, for ihe repeal
of the bankrupt law.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL desired to present a me~
morial of inhabitants of the city and county of
Philadelphia against the repeal of the bankrupt
law, but sug^esiing various modifications.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS objected; and he said
he ihould object to all business that was not strictly
in order.
The memorial accordingly was not received.
Mr. REYNOLDS moved the reconsideration of
the vote by which a bill was passed on Friday for
the relief of the heirs of Philip Renault. He ex-
plained th4t his object was to cause the insertion of
a proviso, to sustain the purchasers of certain lands.
After a few words from Mr. YOUNG and Mr.
CAVE JOHNSON, the motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN asked permission to move
that a certain bill be taken from the Committee of
the Whole. It was a local bill, on which the d<le-
gation from Maine was agreed .with one excep'it n.
Objection was made, asd ihe gentleman was,
therefore, cm shm m his explanation.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON gave notice of a bill to
prohibit the allowjnce of extra compensation to
the officers of ihe Government.
The SPEAKER then announced tfcat reports
from Marding committees were m order.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of
Claims, made a report upon a peiition of Asahel
Lee, Samuel Lee, and Henry Lee, accompatved
by a bill for their relief; which was read mice,
and commi'ied.
Mr. COWEN, from the same commit'ee, re-
ported the following bills; which were read twice,
and committed:
A bill for the relief of John Cove.
A bill for the relief of Samuel B. Treck.
A bill for ihe relief of J seph R. Chandler.
He also made an adverse report on ihe petition
of John S. Parkinson.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Thomas D. Gibson;
which was read twic<°, and committed,
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of tb 
heirs or assignees of the heirs of Isaac Todd and
