CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■would >ay to that party now having the ma-
jority, (and whom, on account of that cir-
cumstance, it was more important he should
address,) that if they gave him no aid, it was
his duty to seek aid from th ir adversaries.
[Laughter.] If the Whigs continue to blockade
ike wheels of the Government, he trusted that the
Democrats would be patriotic enough to carry it
on. [Laughter.]
He had thus presented the party relations of the
question. Behind them there was one of deeper
import, and which might be vital m its effect.
There was in thef nited States a great career of
ambition, and beyond it a culminating point—the
highest position which it was in the power of man
to attain—the Presidency. For ihis place, on look-
ing around him, he saw more aspirants than he
^ould count upon his fingers. [Many voices.
"Name them."] He could not name them. ["Name
them"—"let's hear who they are."] Tneir name
■was legion. He knew not what splits would
take place, nor bow far their personal relations
■would tend to produce divisions; but he saw in
the general race no individual, at the present hour,
\ ho possessed a pre-eminent, overwhelming, and
irresistible power before the people. [A. voice:
"Except one—Clay."] Nor did he know whether,
during the next two years, any individual would
acquire that strength. It was Irue that the Whig
party would hold a presidential convention some
time during that period, [A voice: "No need of ii;"]
and also that the Democratic party would convene
a similar assembly. He did not know whether this
convention would be able or not to settle the rival
pretensions of different candidates; but he saw
budding such blossoms of discord as to leave
great doubt about (he issue of any conven
tion that might be held. He did, however,
know that the next year and a half would be
signalized by great commoiion upon this all-absorb-
ing subjeci; and, whether there* mighi be one can-
didate only on each side or not—whether that can-
didate be cordially supported or not—he would say
that it would not be forwarding ihe political interest
of any one of the parlies in the conmry tocarry on a
fierce warfare against the present Administration.
[Laughter.] He deemed it material that he should
be frank upon this point just now. [Cries of
"Very frank."] There were men connected wilh
the present Administration who meant soon to have
a word to say upon this subject. He knew that
the political cauldron was boiling with various ele-
ments, wholly discordant and different; and he
knew, also, what the constitutional power of the
Fed. ral Government could accomplish. [Several
voices: "By patronage"—"by lust of office."] No,
not by mere patronage: he would show gentlemen
that he would cut deeper than the mere surface of
patronage. He referred them to the extra session,
■where one measure was proposed by ihe Presides,
and another reported by a committee of the House,
and pushed through to its passage, until it met
with a Presidential veto. The action of the Presi-
dent, as affecting the legislation of Congress on
ibat occasion, showed the power of the Federal
Government, through events, over masses of
men, to be a hundred-fold greater than all its
patronage. Whilst ihe events to which he referred
were passing, ihe patronage of the Government
was in the hands of the retiring Secretaries; thus
showing that there was not even a concurrence be-
tween the action of the patronage and ihe vetoes.
Therefore, what he meant by the power of the Fed-
eral Government was, an element soaringabove all
patronage—the relation of the President to the ae-
ti®n of Congress.
He trusted we should sever be agitated by such
another series of collisions between the majority
in Congress and the President as had occurred
during the past year and a half; but should such a
state of things arise, by ihe fatuity of parties, it
■was easy to foresee just such another result as that
now brought about. [A voice: "The veto cf the
sub-treasury predicted "] He hoped and desired
that the House would be able to apply itself with
uniform care to its legislative duties—trampling
under foot party questions, that so much tended to
impede the transaction of the public business.
Mr. THOMPSON of Indiana then obtained the
floor, and yielded it for a motion to adjourn. Pre-
vious to which, and by general conseni,
Mr. McKENNAN offered the following reso-
lution; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the use of the hall of the House be granted to
Professor Walter R. Johnson, for the delivery ofa lecture on the
subject of coal, and its various applications.
Mr. JAMES COOPER, by general consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was consider-
ed and adopted:
Resolvedt That the Secretary of War be required to com-
municate to this House a detailed>tatement of all the expend-
itures made from the Chickasaw fund, between the 2d day of
March, 1833, and the 1st day of January, 1843; the said state-
ment tb embrace the names of the persons to whom payments
have been made, the amount paid to each, and on what ac-
count.
Tne SPEAKER laid before, the House a com-
munication from ihe Treasury Department, con-
laining a statement showing the expenditures un-
der the contingent fund for ihe last year: laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
Slate, enclosing a report showing the modifications
of thpir tariff laws by certain foreign countries: re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from ihe same, on the
subject of our intercourse with foreign nations: laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Legislature of
the Wisconsin Territory: laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. McKENNAN,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 28, 1842.
Mr. YOUNG of Illinois presented the petition
Alexander M. Jenkins, Richard J. Hamilton, and
Samuel L*e, cf the Siaie of Illinois, securities of
William Lina, late receiver of public moneys at
Vandalia, in said Stale, praying that a law may be
passed discharging them from their joint liability,
upon the payment by each of a fair distributive
proporiion of the judgments obtained against them
on account of the defalcation of the said Linn;
which was referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Also, a petition from William Elliot, jr., of Ful-
ton county, Illinois, praying that * law may be j
passed to enable him to enter a certain quarter
section of land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a petition of a number of citizens of Boone
and McHenry counties, for a post-road from
Hariland, in McHenry county, by way of "Cold
Spring Prairie," to Amazon post office, in Boone
couniy, iu said State; which was referred to the
Committee on ihe Post Office and Post Roads.
The PRESIDENT proiem. laid before the Sen-
ale the report of the Secretary of ihe Senate, ac-
counting tor the disbursements out of the contin-
gent fund of the Senate; which was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented three memorials
from the State of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt law: referred to the
Committee on ihe Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
F. H. Pettis, counsellor at law in the city of New
York, and others, remonstrating against the pas-
sage of the bill to repeal the bankrupt law; which
was referred lo ihe Judiciary Committee.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from the same
individual, on the subject of a system of water-
proof cloths, an invention of which he claims to
be the author. He says that the discovery is one
of great value and importance for purposes of na-
val use: referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Messrs. WOODBRIDGE, PORTER, and BER-
RIEN, severally presented memorials against the
repeal of the bankrupt law; which were referred
lo the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial from the
city and county of Philadelphia, praying that the
bankrupt law may be modified, but not repealed-
which was referred lo the Judiciary Committee. '
Mr. McROBERTS presented a memorial from
citizens of Illinois, urging upon Ceogress the pas-
sage of ihe bill lo repeal ihe bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Judiciary Commitlee.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from citizens
of Illinois, praying Congress to pass a law for the
occupaiion and settlement of the Oregon Terri-
tory, and to grant donations of land as an induce-
ment to settlement; which was laid on the table,
to accompany the action on the bill on that sub-
ject,
Mr. WOODBURY presented a petition frem
James Dodds and Eli Davis, watchmen in the
Post Office building, asking for an increase of com-
pensation; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. LINN, on leave, inlroduced a bill for the
relief of cerlain companies of Missouri volunteer?,
commanded by Captains Pollard, Sconce, Harri-
son, Aichison, and Crawford; which was read
twice, and referred to ihe Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, on leave, inlroduced a
bill for the relief of James Taylor, and, for other
purposes; which was read twice, and, with the doc-
uments relating thereto, referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. CONRAD, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with-
out amendment, the bill for the relief of William
Debugs, postmaster at New Orleans.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, it was ordereji
that the petiiion of John A. Dickerson, for extra
compensation as sailing masler m the United States
service, be taken from ihe files of ibe Senate, and
referred to ihe Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
iepo:ted a bill for the lelief of Wareham Kingsly;
which was read, and ordrred to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, ihe Committee
on Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the pennon of John Bosworth; and it
was referred to ihe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. McROBERTS, on leave, introduced a bill
declaratory of the assent of Congress to the State
of Illinois imposing a tax on all lands hereafter
sold by the United States in said Stale, from and
after the time they are sold; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. KING, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of certain citizens of Alabama, who were
deprived of their improvements by the treaties with
ihe Creek Indians; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. McROBERTS presented the credentials of
Sidney Breese, elected by ihe Legislature of the
S'ate of Illinois a Senator from that State for six
years from and after ihe 4th day of March next;
which were read, and ordered to be placed on the
files of the Senate.
Numerous House bills were then taken up, read
the first and second time, and appropriately re-
ferred.
The CHAIR laid before the Senate a snbposna
issued from the circuit court of Ihe United States
for the District of Columbia, which had been
served upon the Secretary of the Senate, with a
view to compel his attendance into court with a
certain anti-bank memorial, signed by citizens of
Georgetown, now on the files of the Senate, to be
used in the case of Addison ®s. While, now being
tried in said court. The Chair remarked that ihe Sec-
retary was in doubt what to do in (he case, he hav-
ing no authority to take from the files any portion
of the public archives, and had desired htm to
present the subpoena to the Senate.
A debate of a conversational character took
place between Messrs. PHELPS, McROBERTS,
BERRIEN, WOODBURY, HUNTINGTON,
KING, and CRITTENDEN, as to whether a
transcript of the record would not do to carry
into court, and as to whether the Secretary, (though
he was on duty,) being but a ministerial officer of
the Seriate, was entitled to the privileges which
attach to Senatois, and exempted them from the
processes of the courts.
Mr. TAPPANcontended that ihe time to regard
he supceia had not arrived, but that it should be
disregarded until an attachment was issued against
the Secretary; when the issue would be made up,
and could be tried as to whether the privileges o
