CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
Senators did not, in some measure, extend to their
officers, and exempt them from legal process
■while in the performance of their official duties.
The debate having ceased, and the Senators hav-
ing concluded that it was not worth while to bring
Jhe Senate and court into Collision,
. Mr. BERRIEN submitted the following resolu-
tion, touching the matter; which was read and
agreed to, viz:
JResolmd, That the Secretary of the Senate havo leave to
take from the filesof the Senate the anti-bank memorial speci-
fied in the subpmna duces tecum issued from the circuit court
of the United States for the District of Columbia, in the case of
Henry Addison vs Robert White, this day served upon him,
for the purpose of being exhibited as evidence in the said case.
Mr. HENDERSON, on leave, introduced a bill
to extend the time of payment of the judgments
against the Planters' Bank of Mississippi and the
Agricultural Bank of Mississippi, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Also, on leave, introduced a bill for the relief of
the West Feliciana Railroad Company and the
Grand Gulf Railroad and Banking Company;
■which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. EVANS presented certain document? in re-
lation to the claim of William Allen; which were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, who
have charge of the bill for his relief.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Woodbury, was taken up and adopted, viz:
- Resolved, That the Secretary of the Troasury be directed to
furnish the Senate with the following information:
1. The amount of revenue received from customs during
the third quarter of the year 184:2, on imports made m that
quarter.
2. As soon as the returns are obtained, the amount received
in the 4th quarter of the same year, fiom the imports made in
that quarter, and the aggregate of those imports.
3. The aggregate of appropriations outstanding anil unex-
pended at the close of tlr-i years, respectively, of 1810,1841, and,
when this year expires, at the end ot 1842; and
4. The quantity of land which was advertised for public salo
from 4th March, 1841, to the close of one yeai from that date,
and the quantity advertised during the yoar previous to that
date.
The following bills were then taken up, a$ in
committee of the whole, considered, and, there be-
ing no proposition to amend, were reported lo the
Senate, and ordered lo be engrossed for a third
reading, viz:
The bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Ark-
ansas, who lost their improvements in consequence
of the treaty between the United Slates and the
Cboctaw Indians.
The bill allowing drawback upon foreign mer-
chandise exported in the original packages to Chi-
huahua and Santa Fe, in Mexica. [Mr. HUNT-
INGTON, chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, explained this bill, and dtfended it on ihe
ground that it would increase the export trade to
those countries, and bring a return of specie and
furs; and that it would be beneficial lo commerce
generally.]
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to make an arrangement or compromise with
any of the sureties on the bond given to the United
Stales by Samuel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs for the port of New York;
The bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill;
The bill for the relief of Ephraim B. Dixon;
and
The bill for the relief of J. R. Vienne, of Louis-
iana.
The bill to authorize the settlement of the ac-
counts of Joseph Nourse was taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole; and, after a few remarks in
its favor by Mr. WALKER, wa.«, on motion of
Mr. PHELPS, laid on the table for the present.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Fillcbrown was
als® laid on the table, on the motion of Mr.
PHELPS.
The Oregon bill came up in order; but was in-
formally passed over till to-morrow.
Thff joint resolution from the House, for the dis-
tribution of the Catalogues of the Library of Con-
gress, was taken up, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE and Mr. TAPPANexplained
the resolution, and, advocated its passage; and Mr.
KING opposed it, and moved that it be indefinitely
postponed; and on a division of the Senate on the
question, it appeared tbat no quorum had voted.
Then,
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 28,1842.
Mr. BRONSON desired to present a petition for
the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. ARNOLD said he had another on the other
side of the question, praying tbat the bankrupt law
might not be repealed.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS objected to their pre-
sentation in this way.
Mr. HOUSTON presented the memorial of Jesse
W. Garth, of Morgan county, Alabama, praying
Congress to pa<s a law direc'ing the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to grant him a patent to
certain land therein designated.
EXTRA COMPENSATION TO OFFICERS.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked leave^o introduce
the bill, of which he yesterday gave notice, to pro-
hibit the allowance of extra compensation to the
officers of the Government.
The bill was received and read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then moved its engross-
ment.
Mr. ARNOLD objected. He said he had a bill
before the House on the subject of retrenchment,
and the House owed it to itself to take up that
bill.
The SPEAKER said it was not in order to de-
bate the question.
Mr. ARNOLD then moved (hat the bill of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] be
committed to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of ihe Union; so that this bill and his own, to
reduce Ihe pay ot members of Coifgte;s, might be
amalgamated. What was good in the bill of the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. C. Johnson] he
would accept; but he would not take it piece-
meal.
Mr. C. JOHNSON inquired if it was no! in or-
der to move the engrossment of his bill?
The SPEAKER replied lhat it was not, if ob-
jection were made.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then asked the House to
print his bill, and let it lie on ihe table. He said
a praciice prevailed in this Government, of em-
ploying rfficers of the army as commissioners, and
giving them their usual pay as officers, and also
several thousand dollars as commissioners; and he
desired this bill to apply to the officers of the army
as well as to the oiher officers of the Govern-
ment.
After a few words from Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL,
the question was taken on Mr. Arnold's motion
to commit the btll to the Committee of the Whole;
and it was decided in the affirmative by a majority
of 70 to 56. The motion to print was also agreed
to.
FOREIGN TARIFF LAWS.
Mr. FILLMORE said there were some commu-
nications yesterday received from the State Depart-
ment, one of which showed the modifications of
their tariff laws by cei tain foreign countries- Ofthis
document, he now moved the printing of five
thousand extra copies.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS inquired if that mo-
tion was in order.
The SPEAKER said it was not, if objection were
made.
Mr. ANDREWS. Then I object.
Mr. FILLMORE said the document related to
our commerce with Canada, and was of great im-
portance ; and, therefore, he would move a sus-
pension of the rule for the reception of his resolu-
tion. '
The motion to suspend, and the motion to print
5,000 extra copies, were both agreed to.
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT AT
WHEELING.
Mr. STEENROD gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act,
passed at the last session of Congress, establishing
a district court of the United States at Wheeling,
Virginia.
WATER-ROTTED HEMP.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS presented tbe petition of
Henry S. Smith and others, inhabitants of the
State of Missouri, praying the appointment of a
permanent agent for ihe purchase of water-rotted
hemp in Platte county, Missouri.
He also moved its reference to a select commit-
tee of five members; which was agreed to.
NEW YORK CUSTOMS AND CASH DU-
TIES.
Mr. ROOSEVELT offered the following resolu-
tion, which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform this House what portion of the revenue, received
from customs since the 30th day of June last, accrued from
bonds given for the payment of duties on importations made
previous to that period, and what portion consisted of cash du-
ties on imports entered since that peried; and whether any
bonds, aken before the commencement of the cash system,
the 1st of July lasr, still remain outstanding; and, if so, what
is the amount thereof; and how much of said amount may rea-
sonably be expected to be collected within tho said twelve
months.
Mr. TOLAND desired to present a memorial.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if memorials
could not be presented without interrupting the busi-
ness of the House, under a rule of the last ses-
sion?
The SPEAKER said they could be presented,
but not printed, without an order of the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected to the motion
to print; and the subject was dropped.
NATIONAL WAR AND COMMERCIAL
STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. T. B. KING offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That a select committee of five be appointed to
take into consideration the expediency of aiding individuals or
companies in tho establishment of liBes of steam vessels, for
the puipose of transporting the mail between some of our piin-
cipal Northern and Southern ports, to foreign ports, on the
lakes, and the Mississippi river—said vessels to be constructed
under the direction of the Navy Department, as war steamers,
and at all times subject to its control, under such stipulations as
may be provided by law. Also, to inquire irro the expediency
of employing steamers mtlie revenue service, and uniting it to
the navy; and using iron m the construction of said vessels: and
leport by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOPKINS suggested that a part of this sub-
ject was already under the consideiation of a com-
mittee.
Mr. KING did not conceive that any harm could
arise from ihe consideration of this subject.
Mr. ADAMS reminded the House that the sub-
ject of establishing a line of steamers between this
country and France, (jointly with that nation,) was
brought before the House at the last session, by a
message from the Executive; that message was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and they
reported a resolution favorable to the projec', by
calling upon the Department of State to report at this
session the probable expense of such a plan; he
hoped, therefore, this resolution would bs postpon-
ed unlil that resolution had been replied to.
Mr. KING of Georgia was aware of the direc-
tion which the resolution alluded to by ihe honora-
ble gentleman from Massachusetts had taken, at
the last session; and, so far :ss.regarded the com-
munication across the Atlantic, he should agree
with him, that that portion of the resolution he
had the honor to submit might be stricken out.
There were, however, other ports with which it
might be important to establish communications,
by the means of steam vessels. It was true that
the French Government were engaged in establish-
ing fourteen steamers for a line across the Atlantic;
and his insertion of foreign ports in his resolution
was with no view of coming in conflict with them.
He conceived that it might be of (he utmost im-
portance to the country to establish a line of steam-
boat communication between New York and Cha-
gres, or some olher point en the Pacific; and, in
inserting foreign ports in his resolution, he had lhat
route in view solely, and not France. There were
also various impor ant poiats on the lakes, as well
as on the Mississippi, at which steamboat lines
might very adv/mtageously be established. How
desirable it might be in time of peace, so to admin-
ister the affairs of the Navy and Post Office De-
partments, by aiding in the establishment of steam-
boat lines, the vessels of which might be converted
into armed steamers in lime of war, would be the
proper subject of inquiry for the committee*
