CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hence the people demanded its repeal, and repealed
it must be. So much for ihc bill itself.
That debate was opened with a long lamenta-
ble story of the great defeat that was caused to the
universal Whig party; and he (Mr. Kennedy) ab-
solutely felt a good deal of sympathy for thoss gen-
tlemen, [laughter;] his heart was warm and ten-
der, and, though he could warwtth the Whig party
—yea, to the knife,and from the knife to the bilt—
yet, when the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bar-
nard] spoke of their labors so dolorously—when he
spoke of their labors as like those of some poor
creature (whose name he had forgotten) who,
through a long summer day, rolled a barrel full of
stones up a hill, [roars of laughter] was then met
by somebody who knocked them down again :—
yes, when he heard this lamentable s'ory, and
this afflictive comparison, he almost shed tears
over the fall of the " uniiertal" Whig party.
[Roars of laughter.] Tiuly. the Whig party had
been rollinj stones up the hill of public opinion ;
yea, even in the very teeth of tbe American people,
and in despite of those principles whose declaration
had been made. For the last quarter of a century
they had been rolling them up with immense labor,
and now, verily, they were knocked back again.
[Laughter.]
He would now enter into that part of the
debate which had beui called the "desultory"
part. [Laughter.] The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Cdshing] had said the Whig party
had broken themselves to atoms against the
buckler of Executive power, or against "a con-
stitutional fact" [Lauah'er.] Wow, he could
tell the gentleman from Massachusetts that he was
mistaken, and he [Mr. K ] would correct him; for
. he intended, as he went along, to strike both at the
right and at the left. The gentleman \us wron?,
then, in supposing that the Whig part- had
broken themselves into atoms against either Ei-
ecutive power, Executive vetoes, or '' a constitu-
tional fact." No, they had broken themselves to
atoms by attempting to roll stones up the
hill of public opinion. The truth was, the
bankrupt set, together with divers other acts,
were concocted and carried through the House
of Representatives, and sent to the Senate
as one grand whole; and tbev were to be forced
through together. He (Mr. IC.) admitted that a
great effort was nude; and he would admit, if gen-
tlemen believed those measures were intended lor
the public good, that they did themselves great
credit in forcing them through; for he believed, if
his constituents meant him to do a thing, be would
do it with all his might. But, with those gentle-
men, it was a mistake that the American people
had ever decided in favor of those measures. The
truth was, thai in the last campaign they played a
game of "hide and go seek;" they put candidates
on their ticket of unknown politics—men who could
be said to be one thing in one part of theeountry,
and another thing in another part; and thus they ral-
lied that portion of the community that was with nei-
ther party, and thus they weie enabled to break
down the solid phalanx of Democracy. Buisoon <c-
curred that which every man of foresight would
have anticipated—playing, fighting, and quarreling
with each other; and now they had heard threaten-
ings of the total distinction of the "universal"
Whig party. But the party to which ho (Mr.
Kennedy) belonged was also threatened with the
dangsr of being dashed to pieces on Executive au-
thority. He did not speak by authority; but he
spoke as one of the 52,000 or 53,000 Democrat of
the Hoosier State—and he was ihe only one that
had the right to speak there, [laughter]—and he
would say, that if be must bid at all, he should be
cautious to ascertain whether the bids were to be
called out verbally or in writing; for, in tbe first
case, be should be afraid of a want of authority
to make the offer; and, in the next place, he
should fear a forgery. So far, however, as the
Democracy that he represented on that floor was
concerned, he could say that they had no political
alliances to form with any men-—'hey bad no
threats to fear from any quarter—for they had but
one set of uniform, xiraight-forward principles;
and so far as the Executive was concerned, or
anybody with tbe Executive,—so far as that Execu-
tive would carry out ii>c principles of their patty,
so far would they stand by and not an inch
further. But, for himself and his constituents, he
must say that they were above the acceptance
of office. If one of bis Democratic friends
should ask him (Mr. K.) to use his influence
to get that friend an office," he would reply, No, sir.
And why? Be cause he thought it was not right that
they should hold office under this Administration.
Nor did he think it right that they should hold of-
fice under the late Administration, when the de-
ceased Executive was in the presidential chair; and
for reasons which he had avowed, both there and
elsewhere, to the world. He held that John Tyler
was right in putting only such men into office
as would give a fair, and candid, and liberal sap-
port to bis Administration—if such could be found.
[Roars of laugh'er] He (Mr. Kennedy) cared
not who the Executive might be. No one wosld
hear him denouncp the Executive for putting such
peis ns in office, and removing those of an oppo-
site description. It was right that it should be so ;
for tbe Executive was placed at the head of the
Administration, and he ought to carry cut, as he
had the responsibility of, his own meisures.
Should he be told that there should be enemies in
the camp, to undetmine the measures which the
Executive designed for the good of tbe country?
No; it would be suicidal. He, therefore, said to
his Democratic friends that, so far as he was con-
cerned, he believed it to be right that John Tyler's
friends should have the offices if ihey were quali-
fied to discharge the duties and to give faithfuf
services to the country. Bpt to return to another
question. He knew not whether the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Cdshing] intended to
horrii'v tl.jm with the threat ol vetccs to be exer-
cised heieafter, when Ihe Democratic parly should
have the majority on that floor; but, as he under-
stood him, tbe gentleman from Massachusetts spoke
to the effect that the Whigs had been in power a
year and a half, and they had passed a United States
Bank bill, and other adverse measures, which the
President had vetoed; and those vetoes has! de-
stroyed that party. The Democrats were coming
into power; for they would have a majority in the
next Congress: and, if they persisted in adhering
to their old false notions in favor of a sub-treasury,
instead of taking the exchequer, (which was the
next thing to a subtreasur>; and, if they would
leave it with hira for a few m'nu'es, he would make
it a good one,) they would be vetoed too. He
knew not whether this version was the correct one;
but he would tell that gentleman what his (Mr.
Kennedy's) own views were on that subject. He
did not expect to be in the next Congress at all; he
was told thiit his constituents had some objcc'ion,
[laughter:] if, however, it should be his good or
bad fortune to be a member of the next Con-
gress, he should vote for just such meas-
ures as coinciled wilh his judgment, light or
wrong. If right, and tbe Executive approved
them, well and good; but if the Executive vetoed
them, he would tell the Hou<-e what be would not
do;—he would not turn round and commence a de-
nunciation of tbe Executive; he would not, be-
cause the President had crossed his purposes, by
a frank discharge of what be honestly conceived
to he his duty, take advantage of that circum-
stance, to tear in pieces the Constitution which
governed his country. He would tell gentlemen
that he looked upon the Constitution as the great
palladium of his country's safety. He would also
say, that if he were consulted in the future opera-
tions of Congress, he would not give him occasion
to use the veto power against them.
He had noticed what effect the course which
had been pursued had had on the Western people;
and if there was one characteristic which the
American people admired more than another, and
which they would rally round and sustain more
than any other, it was a bold and fearless discharge
of duty, regardless of all conspquerice?. He had
never seen the time yet (and he hoped he never
should see the time) when the veto power was ex-
erci-ed contrary to the wish of ;be majority of ihe
people. It never had been exercised, that the
American people had not rallied round and sus-
tained it. They rallied by instinct around the
man who had the courage to take the responsibility
of bis duties. General Jackson avowed himself
ready to "take the responsibility;" aad what armed
'hat man's arm, and strengthened it like iron? It
was that fearless characteristic which gave evi-
dence of honesty of purpose.
The people believed him to be honest when
be bad the nerve to do what he believed to be his
duty, regardless of all consequences; and thns it
was that General Jackson became the idol of his
cc untry. He (Mr. Kennedy) had no disposition
to make John Tyler a greater man than God Al-
mighty made him; and, therefore, he never should,
so far as he was concerned, give him the opportu-
nity to strike the Democratic party with the vetoec.
Ail hoped they would get a man that would ap-
prove their measures. He repeated, he had no de-
sire to make John Tyler a greater man than he
was intended to be by God and nature; but be must
do him justice. He believed John Tyler was an
honest kind of an old soul ; [roars of laugh-
ter;] he believed John Tyler was as honest
as any man they ever had or wished to have,
[laughter;] he did not think that John Tyler was
as great a man as General Jackson by a consider-
able spell, [roars of lauahter.] But he was as hon-
est a man as they had occasion for, [renewed
laughter;] and he believed a majority of the people
thought so too; though he was also of opinion
that, notwithstanding all the storms that might
be raised in ihe country, he would never again
be put into tbe presidential cbair. No, but he
would be permitted to retire wilh a good honest
name. [Laughter.] It was true, some individ-
uals would bespatter him with abuse, and attach
his charao'er: he had already been denounced
as a traitor—but to wha<? To his country?
Wo; no man ever dared say that John Tyler
was a traitor to his country. Well, then, he had
been called a traitor to his party; and the very men
who made that denunciation were the men who
denounced General Jackson, because he would do
what his party wished him t  do. Now he (Mr.
Kennedy) was a party man; he was radical to
tbe root; he was the most ultra man they ever saw;
and if even John Tyler could gtt the nomination
of the national convention which they were to have
soon, be would go for him. His colleague [Mr.
Thompson] had expressed the hope that he might
get a chance to attack one of the southern pillars
of Democracy, and, if that wish should be gratified
by the nomination of thatdistinguished man, he [Mr
Kennedy] should say Amen; and for that chieftain he
would do battle with as much pleasure as for any
gentleman in these broad States. And further, if bis
colleague supposed that that gentleman would be
the most weak adversary he could find in tbe Dem-
ocratic ranks, if he became their standard-bearer,
be was very much mistaken. He would tell tbe
gentleman further, that they were going to have a
great national convention, to nominate a candidate
for the Piesidency; and not for the purpose of ob-
taining the spoils, cr of getting over that ''fact"—
[laughter]—for, however, pleasant that might be, it
was a secondary qaestion with tbe Democracy—but
for the maintenance of certain great principles
and great measures of these United States. [Cries
of "Name them."] Well, he would give them fome
of them.] Cries of "No, no; go on."J Well, he
supposed they were pretty well known; and if there
were any gentlemen there who were not scquainted
with Democratic principle?, be would reftr them
back to their horn-books, for they were as plain as
the simple elements of the language in which they
were written. He repeated, then, that they were
going to have a convention; and, whenever they
met, if they did not promulgate what their princi-
ples were, in black and white, so that every matt
in the country could be informed, he (Mr. K.)
would not vote with them.
But when they were published, they would be
found to be no rabble medley of politics. They
would not avow a United States Bank here, and
anti-bank principles there; a tariff here, and anti.
tariff sentimen's therr; a bankrupt law here, and
an opposition to a bankrupt law there; distribution
here, and opposition to distribution there: He
fought in no sach ranks. His party's creed,would
be knoivn to tbe world. They would say what
