F
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
they would, and what they would not doj and if
John Tyler coutd answer -the catechism, and get
the nomination of that convention, he (Mr. K.)
supposed he would be good enough for him,
[laughter,] notwithstanding all the corrnp ion with
which John Tyler had been surrounded; [renewed
laughter;] and it was surprising how men might be
corrupted by bad example. [Roars of laughter.]
But the vetoes, and some of the acts of John Tyler,
he approved; and he was net disposed to shut the
doojr against -any man who was of the right
stamp.
.,Let the House only think for a moment of an
administration with Daniel Webster and John C.
Sjpencer as its high priests, endeavoring to recom-
mend itself to the Democracy. [Laughter.] He
thought it would be as easy to graft a crab apple
upon an orange tree, as to make Daniel Webster
a Democrat. [Laughter ] But he believed Mr.
Webster had declared somewhere in Virginia that
he was a Democrat—a Jeffersonian Democrat.
[A voire: "At Palchogue."] He, forone, confessed
that he was prejudiced against him, and ever had
been. It was not until lately, when he was
abused and denounced by the Whigs, that he had
begun to inquire minutely into his real character.
He confessed that the abuse of the Whigs had led
him to believe there might possibly be some vir-
tue in Daniel Webster, after all that had been said
against him, and notwithstanding he had ever
thought him' apolitical leper from head to foot.
But since those men wb'o had gone and drunk Mr.
Webster's wine on the right of the passage of the
bankrupt law—those men who had been once so
gracious with him—had bjgun to abuss him, he
(Mr. IC.) had looked a little more into his history.
If, upon a cli se examination of his life and char-
acter, he could find one green spot to rest his e\e
upon, he would even consent to admit him into the
Democratic party; but only as a private, doing bat-
tle in the ranks. [Laughter ] As to bargains, he
would tell his colleague [Mr. Thompson] on be-
half of the Democtats of the Hoosier State, (hat
they would make none whatever.
He did not understand the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Cosiima] as having set ap the Ad-
ministration to the highest bidder, although he
must confess the remarks of the gentleman had a
powerful squinting that way. [Laughter ] What
be understood the gentleman to state1, was, that the
dominant party in the, House had become, by its
course with regard to the President, no mure than
a faction; that they were disposed to t ram pie un-
der foot all regard (or the Constitution, and the in-
terest* of the country, in order to put down Mr.
Tyler; and that they manifested a spleen, unbecom-
ing the character of American Representatives. H-?
did not certainly understand the gentleman as
meaning any more than that John Tyler, thus
situated, and thus opposed by the merrily
in Congress, vhould carry on the Government by
the best means in his power. John Tyler was
President of the United States, and bound to per-
form his duties as such. It was immaterial to the
people who was Pnsident, but very important to
them that the Go/ernment should not be stopped.
If John Tyler found the Whis party ever blocking
him up, and opposing all effors on his part to ad-
minister the Government, he (Mr. K.) held that it
was not only his right, but his duty, as President,
to look beyond that party, and to every part of the
continent, for aid.
He hoped the Democratic parly would not lake
the le/ponsihility of the acts of the present Admin-
istration. Yet he would never vote against any
measure whatever, merely on aecount of its beirg
recommended by John Tyler. He should vote A.r
whatever he thought right, let who might recom-
mend it. Nor would he join with those whose ob-
ject was to break down John Tyler.
After the general rout which the Whig par'y
had sustained since the adjournment of the U<t
session of Congress, he had supposed they would
have been taught wisdom, and have changed thrir
tone. Whipping was beneficial in its effect upon
children generally, and so he thought it would he
upon the Whigs. Never did a party so much need
taking down. None wa~ ever so haughty, so pre-
suming, so self-conceited, Well did he remember
the declaration of the imperious tenant of Ash-
land, that the Democratic party was like a crimi-
nal under the gallows, waiting only for the signal
of execution, on account pf its manifold crimes!
Yes ! the Democratic parly was insulted and up-
braided by a lik ning to the doomed convict with
the halter about the neck! and such were the ex-
pressions uttered in relation to that party by the
sage,of Ashland, and repeated by his white Char-
lies all over the country! Indeed, it appeared to
him that the whole Whig "party were acting as a
band of tyrants during the extra, and even at
the last session of Congress. At these sessions,
all freedom of discussion was effectually set aside,
the gag introduced, and the legislation of this hall
made to play second fiddle to proceedings in
caucus. But he must in a measure exculpate his
Whig friends for what they had done so badly. He
did not accuse them of having perpetrated all the
mischief of which they were the authors on pur-
pose, but only on account of their ignorance of the
business of legislation. They knew not how to man-
age. They had been too long out of power. They had
been on the grass until they became lank and lean.
The consequence was, that their conduct at every
step wasmarked by excesses; and such a set of legis-
lators he hoped never again to see. They intro-
duced the hour rale, the gag, the dictation of cau-
cuses; and manifested a high degree of hauteur in
all their proceedings. Supposing that they had
been effectually checked by the late election, he
had written to his friends in Indiana, that they
Wjjre chopfallen and in low spirits—dashed to
a'oms, ss the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Cushinu] remarked. He hoped that the fact that
congressional President-making had broken down
one party, would be an effectual warning to others
to let the people alone make Presidents hereafter.
He next proceeded to speak of the n.anner in
which this personal and party debate han begun,
and traced the origin ot it to the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] who poured
out bile, like a sluice, against the present Adminis-
tration,and what he termed the "subterranean Dem-
ocrats." The commencement of the debate lay with
the opposite side of the House; and he (;VIr. K.)had
novi r known (he time of the I-I >useto be consumed
by a parly debate, which did not originate with the
Whigs. Heretofore, during the present session,
!-m,«iting under their recent lfshtng, they had f< r-
borne to enter into a personal and purty debate.
Of late, however,they had forgotten their whipping
by the people, ami launched out into their former
violent course. Was it, then, to be <?>pECU'd that
the special It iends of Mr. Tyler would sit there
and quietly hear themselves denounced in every
manner, and on all occasions, without attempting
to leply? The Whig party ; hotted, throughout
thpir whole conduct, that they were looking too
much to the perpetuation of tho power which had
fallen upon th.-m by accident. He could nsuie
them that, unless they changed iheir course, such
an accident would never happen to thrm again.
[Laughter.]
In speaking for the Democracy of the I-Ioosier
State, he could assure the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Cushing,] as well as his colleague,
[iWr. Thompson,] that there was no danger of any
bargain being consummated with John Tyler.
From present appearances, he believed there was
as much prospcct of the ultras of the Whig parly,
ihe Clay men—the white Charlies—coming into
the Democratic lanks, as there was of theTjIer
men. He had no apprehension of any bargain be-
ing entered iot'i. The- Democrats would suppoit
any measure which they believed to he light, and
calcula ed to advance the best interests- of die
country, without infringing upon ihe Constitution 
and none other. As to the exchequer, he would &ay
that, allhoueh it had his decided preference over a
national bank, yet he would never take it in pref-
erence to the sub-treasury. He cared not for
names, and should, therefore, have no objection 10
vote for the sub-treasury under the name of lh 
exchequer. Give him a pen, and in five minutes
he eould make the exchequer similar to the snb-
ire?sury, and perfectly acceptable to h"nse!f. By
striding out all after the enacting clause, and in-
serting the body of the old sub-treasnry bill, the
exchequer might at once acquire a large number of
friends.
He next proceeded to notice the ground takeil
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cush-
ino] against th; veto power, when used by General
Jackson. Why did that gentleman then war
against that power? This warfare against the con-
stitutional po xet of the President had been usual
in the country, whenever exercised to defeat any
action of Congress. For his own part, he never
wished to encounter this power in the face of his
own measures; still, never would any warfare that
might be carried on against =uch a conservative
power induce him to consent to its being stricken
out from the Constitution. If Mr. Tyler was:
wrong in using this power, let his enemies abuse
his act. Let them contend that the particular oc-
casion of its use was improper and uncalled-for;
but not attempt to tear up the whole power from
-the Constitution. Let them not mutilate that sa-
cred instrument, merely because it has been, in a
few instances, ihe means of impeding their measures.
He hoped that he sh uld be exonerated fromthe
charge, either express or implied, of bargain with
ihe present Administration. His colleague [Mr.
Thompson] remarked that if theDemocralssatsilenf,
inasmuch assilence gave consent, they would be ta-
ken as having consented to ihrarranaementproposed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts. Now, as he
knew that whatever his colleague said here would
be published and read in Indiana, he would assure
him that, in early life, he saw the effects of politi-
cal bargains, and was convinced of their entire im-
policy and impropriety. It was the supposed, if
not real, political bargain entered into so*ne years
since, that effectually caused the sun of Ashland to
set forever. He (Mr. IC ) had, iherefore, resolved
never to consent to any political bargain whatever,
nor to ?uffer h's name to be tainted with such a sus-
picion. As yet, he was at the beginning of his po-
litical life. He did not now know where the waves
of politics and of parly might carry htm hereafter;
but he was convinced that neither he, nor any par-
ty to whi;h he might be attached, could be ever
advanced by bargains and coalitions.
His colleague had very artfully contrived to say
something about certain leaders in the Democratic
party at ihe South and at the North, and to hint at
a coming division between their respective friends.
Now, he could assure his colleague, lhat if he ex-
pected to succeed that way, be would find himself,
in the result, sadly mistaken. His colleague knew
nothing of the bands which bound the Democratic
party together. The affections of that party to-
wards their public men were not, in the least de-
gree, dependent upon their geographical location.
Democracy knows no disiii ctions of geography.
Let the candidate for the Presidency come front
where ho will, there will be no difference's among
them. Let the nomination fa!l upon whom it
may, the party, whatever their individual prefer-
ences, will rally around him. The Democratic
patty says to the Whigs, We want none of your
interference; mind how you interfere with our
concerns; if you continue to intermeddle with us,
we will unite upon any man that is true; our preju-
dices will yield, and your interference but bind us
closer together.
But his colleague expected that the Whig party
we uld, mils turn, be Benefited by Ihe "constitu-
tional fact," h hen the Democrats should have a ma-
jority, at the next Congress. Let him indulge this
expectation, if he wished: he (Mr. K ) thought he
would be mistaken. When the Democratic con-
vention should bf.ve met, and settled the claims of
lival candidates, the party would be found united
as a band of brothers. Kis colleague would then
find himself mistaken in his hopes of Democratic
divisions, and, through them, ot a Whig triumph
—or he was no prophet.
Mr. WISE next ob'ained the floor, and moved
an adjournment; but withdrew the motion, at the
request of
Mr* TRIPLETT, who wished to have entered &
monon to reconsider the vote of the House on yes-
teMay,refusing to employ a clerk to the Committee
on Public Expenditures.
The motion for an adj-urnment was then re-
newed, and carried.
