CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 29,1842.
Mr. TALLMADG8 presented three memorials
from the city of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt act.
Also a memorial of a like character from Roch-
ester, New York.
Mr. T. said the letter, accompanying the latter
memorial, remarked that the memorial was signed
without distinction of party; and that there was
great unanimity against the repeal of the law,
but in favor of its modification: referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee.
On motion by Mr. CRAFTS, it was ordered that
the petition of Ashael Spalding, asking compensa-
tion for disbursing money as pension agent, be
taken from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition from Seth
Sweetser, a native citizen of the United States,
praying Congress) to establish a regular line of
packets to Chagres, and an overland mail to Pana-
ma; which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Adams county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying for the repeal of the bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Messrs. PORTER, BERRIEN, WHITE, ?nd
WOODBRIDGE, severally presented memorials
from the city of New York, remonstrating against
the repeal of the bankrupt act; which were referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. PHELPS presented a memorial from cer-
tain inhabitants of the Territory of Wisconsin,
asking an appropriation for the construction of a
harbor at Milwaukie, for the protection of the com-
merceon the lakes; which was reiercedto the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Also, presented a memorial fiom the same quar-
ter, urging upon Congress the propriety of making
no appropriations to pay the expenses of the Legis-
lative Assembly of Wisconsin of this year; but
askin? that the amount whie.h would be necessa-
rily appropriated for that object, for the p$>.t
and present year, may be appropiialed and applied
to the purposes ot building one or more harbors on
the lakes: referred to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Land*, remarked that a petition from James Trim-
bull, asking the privilege of relocating a military
bounty land wariant, and for a pension, was re-
ferred to that committee. In rc-lerence to the first
branch of the petition, he remarked that there was
a general law m existence, which provided for the
matter; and as the second brsnch fell within the
duties of the Pension Committee, he moved that
the Committee on Public Lands be discharged
from its farther consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Pensiom: agreed to.
Mr. S. al*o reported back, fiom the sam« com-
mittee, without amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pas?, the bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Monroe,
Mr PHELPS presented a memorial from Dr.
Andrew Welch, asking compensation for services
rendered certain companies of Ptotida volunteers
in the year 1837; which was reterred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE SURPLUS COPIS3
OP THE CATALOGUE OF THE LIBRARY
OF CONGRESS.
The joint resolution from the Hcuse, to author-
ize the distribution of part of the surplus copies of
the Catalogue of the Library of Congress to mem-
bers of the present Congre.--, came op for consid-
eration as in committee ot the whole; the pending
question from yesterday being on Mr. Kiso's mo-
tion to postpone the resolution indefinitely.
Mr. TAPPAN observed that he had but a few
words to say on the subject as he conceived the
proposition to be very plain. He was as much
opposed to the printing or purchasing of books for
distribution as aav cne. But here was a different
case; the books, in this instance, were on band,, oc-
cupying, most inconveniently, room wanted for
other purposes. They were, in fact, an in-
cumbrance to the liorary, and it was very
desirable to get rid of them in some way ;
and the committee considered the mode point-
ed out in the resolution the most satisfactory
and useful; There are 7ft0 surplus copies on hand.
The resolution proposes to give to each member
of the present Congress one copy. This will dis-
pose of only about 300; leaving 400 in the library,
whieh every one must allow will be enough for the
use of those who may have occasion for them
hereafter. If some better mode of disposing of
those books were pointed out, the committee would
take it into consideration. But it did appear to them
that, by giving each member of Congress a copy of
this catalogue, a useful purpose would be sub-
served, not only in relation to the facility afforded
to gentlemen in making refeiences to the books in
the library, necessary to consult in the way of
business; but, in regard to the circulation of the
ca'alogue throughout the country. Mr. T. here
referred to lists of various other surplus eopies of
books which greatly encumbered the apartments of
the library, and which the committee desired might
be disposed of in some useful way. He again re-
marked that hs was opposed to the printing or
purchasing of books for distribution to members ;
but as these surplus coriesof the catalogue were on
hand, and it was very inconvenient to keep them
any longer, he hoped the resolution would le
adopted.
Mr. KING remarked that the honorable Senator
from Ohio was so much more conversant with mat-
ters relating to the arrangement of the library, that
he should not dispute his conclusion that it
necessary to dispose of a portion of tho-e surplus
copies of the catalogue. He was, however, of
opinion that many of the books referred to in the
Senator's list were found no incumbrance.
With regard to the catalogue, he would say that
he was willing to vote for a proper distribution to
the literary and scientific institutions of the coun-
try; but he was utterly opposed to the principle of
members of Congress voting to distribute to them-
selves anything of the kind, even of the smallest
value. They had no right to distribute to them-
selves books, or anything else, paid for by the pub-
lic money. This matter might appear inconsider-
able, but still it involved the principle; and if it is
allowed now, there is no knowing where the prac-
tice may stop, or to what amount it may be in-
dulged in. Already, shameful abuses in this way
had disgraced the legislatioa of Congress, It was
time to put a stop to them. There ou«ht to be
some stopping point; and he thought the present
was a suitable occasion to arrest the practice. If
this surplus cannot be longer kept, let the distribu-
tion be made to literary and scientific institu-
tions, and the libraries of State Legislatures; oi—
what would be much better—let them be sold for
whatever they will bring, to reimburse so much of
their original cost. They will sell for something;
and, however little it may be, it will be a better
disposition of them than that proposed.
Mr. SEVIER inquired of the chairman of the
Committee on the Library what those catalogues
were worth?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied that he had no
means of ascertaining, a'ad could not satisfactorily
answer the question. While up, he would say that,
personally, it ".as indifferent to him whether the
resolution passed in its present form or not. But,
as chairman of the committee, he conceived it
proper that he should reiterate the views of the
committee, unanimt usly concurred in, and ex-
pressed by the Senator from Ohio. The ob-
j"ct of the distribution to members of Con-
gress is to afford them facilities for perform-
ing their duties This, therefote, was not the
first step, or a new thing; for facilities of this bind
had always been accorded to Representatives m
Congress, It differed in no respect, in this in-
stance, from the facilities for transacting business
afforded by the printed documents, reports, and
pamjhlets, daily laid on the desks of the members
of both Houses, The principle was the same,
whether the printed matter was in sheets like this,
(taking up a Senate document,) or a catalogue of
fcooks, necessary to be occasionally consulted in
the library of Congress. The committee, there-
fore, in recommending the resolution, did not en-
force any principle-different from that upon which,
from the beginning of the Government, facilities
for business had been furnished to members of
Congress. These catalogues were books -which
were only valuable for present use In a few
years they would be worthless, and would be su-
perseded by a new catalogue. It was considered
by the committee that they could not he of so
much use to any one else as to the present mem-
bers of Congress. If it was desirable to give
some of them to the literary institutions of the
country, enough would be left, after supplying;
each member of Congress, to distribute to such
institutions. The simple question was, whether
each member should have a copy of the catalogue,
exceedingly useful and valuable to him in the per-
formance of his duty; or the books should remain
an incumbrance, if not otherwise given away, to
no purpose.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
SEVIER and TAPPAN in favor of the resolu-
tion, and by Messrs. KING and LINN against
the principle of distribution to members of Con-
gress.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested a modification, if
the Senator from Alabama would withdraw his
motion to postpone. The modification was, in ef-
fect, to insert "literary institutions and universi-
ties."
Mr. KING consented to withdraw his motion of
postponement, for the purpose indicated by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
!Sir. LINN suggested the propriety of excepting
literary institutions and universities which bad al-
ready received conies.
Mr. WOODBURY then submitted his amend-
ment.
Mr. TAPPAN moved a modification of that
portion of the resolution which proposed the dis-
tribution to "members of Congress," by leaving
out those words, and inserting "to each person en-
titled to the use of ihe library of Congress."
Mr. WALKER thought the resolution ought to
be recommitted to the Committee on the Library.
He made a motion to that effect, but it did not
prevail.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tappan's
amendment, and it was adopted—ayes 18, noes 11.
Mr. KING moved an amendment, "excepting
members of Congress."
This was decided in the negative—ayes 12,
noes 18.
Mr. WOODBURY explained that he could not
vote for his amendment as amended,
Mr. EVANS believed many of the colleges had
already received copies of the catalogue, and,
therefore, he thought it would be well to adopt the
suggestion of the Senator from Missouri,[Mr. Linn,]
and except such as had.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said he had that moment
been informed by the Librarian that such was the
fact.
The amendment was accordingly modified, so as
to except institutions already supplied with copies
of the catalogue.
The resolution, as amended, was reported back
to ihe Senate; and, on the question, "Shall the
amendments be ordered to be engrossed, and the
joint resolution read a third time?"
Mr, KING ca led for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; and rerulted—yeas 20, nays 13, as
follows:
YEAS—Mespri it-iles, IlMTkn, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts
Evans, rniton, Memck, Morebead, Phelps, Porter, Sevier. Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Sim L-eon, Tallmadge, Tappan, White,
Wilcox, and Woodbiulee—20.
NAYS—Messis Allen, Archer, Benton, Buchanan, Hender
snn, Kins, Linn, McRoherts, Mangum, Smith of Connecticut,
Walker, Williams, and Woodbury—13.
So the amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the joint resolution to be read a third time.
QUINTUPLE TREATY.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which, under the rule?, lies one day on the
table, viz:
Resolved, Tint, in addition to copies of ali the correspond,
ence with and from all our ministers abroad in relation to the
quintuple treaty, the President he requested to communicate to
the Senate (so far as? it may be corapatihift with the public in*
terest) all such correspondence in relation to the treaty with
Giea , Buuin*
