COKGitESSI-ONAt GJLOBJS.
Also, petition of the inhabitants of Mount Peas-
ant, in the Territory of Wisconsin, a kin? Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor «t he
town of Racine, in said Territory.
Also, petition of the inhabitant of the town of
Rochester, in the Territory of Wisconsin, asking
Congress for an appropriation for a harbor at the
town of Racine, in said Territory.
Also, petition from the inhabitants of Dare
county, in the Territory of Wisconsin, a>king
Congress for the establishment of a m > 11 route
from Racine du Lac, to intersect the Mil-.vai.kie
mail-route at Cottage Grove.
THE FIFTH AUDITOR.
Mr. SPRIGG said he rose to a question of priv-
ilege. A letter had been addressed to the Speaker,
and published among the documents of the House,
dated "Fifth Auditor's Office, December 14,1842,"
which letter contained reflections upon him, per-
sonally. He presumed the letter had been read by
some of the members, but he would ask the Clerk
to read it for the information of the House:
Treasury Department,
Fifth Auditor's Office December 14, 1842.
Sir* In a report 01 a debate in thellouMiof Representatives
on Monday last, contained in the National Intelligencer of yes^
terday, it is stated that Mr. Sprigg, among other things, observ-
ed: "He remembered, too, that the House, at his instance, had
made a call upon the department (Treasury) for full and detail-
ed information as to the whole system of managing the light-
houses of the United States, the contracts for buildings, for sup-
plying oil, paying inspectors, &c., bill no answer had ever been
obtained, notwithstanding the new clerks which the House had
voted them, and notwithstanding numerous and repeated prom-
ises made to him personally."
It was with extreme surprise 1 road this statement, as I hail a
perfect recollection that it was wholly erioneous; and as it is cal-
culated, uncorrected, to injure the Treasury Department unjust-
ly, in the public estimation, I hope you and tho House will ex-
cuse me for setting the member right.
It is sufficient to state that the whole of the information called
for by the House, iu relation to light-houses, cm Mr. Spiigg's
motion, was transmitted, as required hyihe resolution, partly
to the Committee on Commerce on the 8th of March last, and
is contained in their printed report, No. 811; and partly to the
House of Representatives direct, by the Secretary of the Treai
ury, on the 11th of March last, and by the House ordered to be
printed, and will be found in document No. 140 of the last ses-
sion. These two documents contain alt the information which
was called for by the House.
Mr. Sprigg, individually, called for the cessions of jurisdic-
tion by the States over all tho lighthouse suns, tiom the
adoption of the Constitution; and although so much labor ami
time as it required might have been declined on his individual
call; yet, as I was desirous ol furnishing all the Information m
my power to eveiy person who sought it, the information was
prepared and furnished, as far as it was to be found m the
office.
This list was sent to Mi. Spiigg on the 2-lth of May, and had
occupied one clerk about six wefks in the prepataiionof it;
and yet he alleges no answer had ever been returned to his calls
for information.
I have the honor to be, veiy respectfully, your obedient
servant, *
S. I'LEA^ONTON.
Hon. John Whitk,
Speaker of theHounr, of Jlppreventativcs.
In relation to this letter, he would say that he was
forcibly impressed with the opinion that, if weal-
lowed public officers to intrude their letteis before
the House, because of n flections made upon their
conduct by members, and then place their letters
among the public documents,the power of the House
was indeed materially weakened. It was a gross
insult to the House; and even if he did commit
an error in relation to a public officer, had the of-
ficer a right to come before the House in this in-
sidious manner, 10 attack the statement of a mem-
ber 1 He said in Ihis insidious manner ; because
the letter was presented to the House by the
Speaker, without a knowledge of its contents by that
officer, who could not be presumed able to look in-
to every public document laid upon his table. Had
the Speaker been acquainted with the contents of
the fetter, he had no doubt that he would not have
presented it.
Mr. S. then went into an explanation of the pur-
port of his remarks at the last session, and gave a
statement of the action he h->d taken in order to
obtain information from the Treasury Department
oq the subject of the light-house system of ihe
country. He read several letters which he had re-
ceived from Ihe F fih Auditor, and pronounced their
statements hypocritical and false. Having finished
his narrative of his connexion with the subject, he
said he would not protract his remarks any longer.
His only wish was to asceriain whether it was the
will of the House that public officers should, in this
insidious way, make injurious reflections on its
jnembers, He would make a solemn appeal to
the House whether voluntary and ex parte state-
ments of this kind should constitute a part of its
dt catnent;; and whether their documentary records
should be swelled op, at an enormous expense, by
printing matter such as this? The injustice, too,
to the House, and to individual members, by per-
mitting letters of this kind to be printed and in-
serted in the documents, was most manifest; for
members could not get up and reply to them, and
make their replies a part of the documentary his-
tory of the House, alongside of the attacks made
on them; but such replies could only have exist-
ence in the newspapers of the day, which would
pass off and soon be forgotten. The fact was, that
some of the officers of the Government about
Washington were getting to be too important, any
how; and if (said Mr. S ) we do nothing else but
tear away the abuses that exist among them, we
shall do well. Prom the Executive down to the
subordinate departments, they had heard nothing
but abuse of that House; and here was an officer,
whose office ought not to exist in the organization
of the Treasury Department, (in fact, he was but a
fifth wheel, any how,) undertaking to make inju-
rious reflections on a member of the House, and in
the most insidious manner to make them a part
of its records.
Mr. HOPKINS said that he had not Doticed ihe
paper alluded to, until the attention of the House
bad been called to it by ihe gentleman from Ken-
tucky. It stiuck him that it was a paper which
ought not to have been filed or placed on the jour-
nal;, or printed as a part of their document?. It
was noi, in fact, a public document; and if ils
writer had any exception to make to the remarks
of the gentleman from Kentucky, the public press—
the very channel through which they were made
public—was open to him. Now, the remarks of
the gsntleman from Kentucky this morning, in re-
ply to this letter, would not find place among
ihe documents of the House; and m this way in-
justice was done him, a? it would ba done to
other members if similar proceedings should be
permitted. He did not know, however, how
the object he had in view was to b« reached; but he
would submit to the Home tha>, without any for-
mal question being taken, the Clerk should, by
general consent, be directed to strike the letter
from the journals, (which, he believed, were not
yet printed,) and to return the original paper—
which was certainly printed without any knowl-
edge of ils contents by the meinbersofthe House—
to ils author.
Mr J. C. CLARK could not believe that the
Fifth Auditor iniended any disrespect to the gen-
llernan from Kentucky, or that it was his intention
to do him any injustice. His only object appear-
ed to have been to correct a misapprehension, into
which he believed the gentleman had fallen. In
ihe remarks of ihe penileman from Kentucky, as
published in the public papers, the Fifih Auditor
found charges affecting his official character; and
o* took what he supposed to be the best means of
de'ending himself, without intending offence to
anybody. Now the question w«\s, if a member of
Congress, or a committee of the House, or any-
body else, made allegations affeciing the character
of a public officer, which, in point of fact, should be
found to be incorrect, whether he should not
have the right to defend himself, and place
his defence before the public in the best way
in his power? Mr. C. would refer to the
cases of Colonel Totten and Mr. Winslow Lewis,
who, conceiving themselves implicated by reports
of different committees of the House at the last
session, sent written communications to the House,
defending themselves; which were printed, and, re-
spectively. appended to the reports to which they
related. No injustice had, in his opinion, been
done to the gentleman from Kentucky; and he
hoped that no further action would be taken on the
subject.
Mr. MERIWETHER could not agree with
the gentleman from New .York. The cases cited
by him were not in point; for the communications
written to the House by the parties implicated were
in answer to reports of two of the committees; and
thus, both the charge and defence were printed to
geiher, as part of the documents of Ihe House. In
the present case, on the contrary, the charge and
defence would not'go together; one of them' only
Iving printed among the documents of the House.
The remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, to
which exception was taken by the Fifth- Aoditorj
did not appear in the documents of the House, but
were* only published in the ephemeral productions
of the day—the-newspaper press; and thus passed
off, and were soon forgotten. ' '
The usual course was.for a .person aggrieve*! to
conje as a memorialist .remonstrating agajiist tjfii
action of (be House; but, .in this case, the individ-
ual came as ah officer of the Treasury Depart-
ment, and he relied on the report of a member's
speech in one of the common journals of the day.
Now, he (Mr. Meriwether) thought ibe House
should vindicate its honor, by dashing from it such
communications as these, and by .instructing the
Clerk to withhold the document, and not allow it to
be bound up with the printed documents.
Mr. PROFF1T said bis name had been alluded
to in this debate; and it was said that the. Commit-,
tee on Commerce had thought fit (without' any
complaint from him) to attack him at the last ses-
sion of Congress, and a speech be had made on
this floor. Now, the reason why he made no com-
plaint was, because he had never seen nor heard
of the report until it was spread on the record and
circulated to (he country. He made a speech on thft
1 ght house system, himself believing honestly in its
mal-adtmnistration; and no gentleman answered
him—not even a single member of ihe Committee
on Commerce, that h° recollected ; yet a few weeks
afterwards, he found that the Committee on Com-
merce had allowed Mr. Pleasanion to pervert his
language, and to present it before ihe country.
Mr. SPRIGG. And further, sir, they sent your
speech to him, and invited remark.
Mr. J. C. CLARK was understood to say that it
was not done with his knowledge.
Mr. SPRIGG. Why, he Mates so himself.
Mr. PROFFIT. Yes, and not even a letter
from any Auditor, but Mr. Winslow Lewis, of
Boston, was allowed to write a letier, in which
there was a perversion of his (Mr. P.'s) speech;
and ho had no means of knowing it un ll he found
itspiead before the country, and until this mo-
ment he had never had the opportunity to show
the injustice that had been done to bim. Now,
what ought the Committee on Commerce to have
done"? Why, at least, when ihey nceivr(| those
letters from Mr. Winslow Lewis and Mr. P.'eaxan-
ton, they should have asked him if he chose? to re-
ply to those letters. If he had not been confined
to his bed by sickness when the appropriation bill
was before the House, he would have made such
ftatements on the liglit-hon-e system as would have
startled both the House and thecour.try. At pie^enr,
he had not strength to say much rn'ir<-; but he
had no hesitation ill saying this, if he had known
of these letters, and h;sd had the opportunity lo
speak !o the House on the subject, independent of
all party feeling, nine-tenths of the House would
have joined bim in stopping the printing of lhat re-
port, even coming, as it did, flora' ihe Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. J. C. CLARK said it had not been in-
tended to do injustice to the gentleman. But Mr.
Winslow Lewis, who had been mixed up with the
discussions on the light-house system, feeling him-
se'f aggrieved, presented a respectful letter to one
of his (Mr. C.'s) colleagues, and lhat letter was
appended to the committee's report wiihout com-
ment. They simply gave Mr. Lewii's statement
with their report, which had not been adopted by
the House; and the gentleman from Indiana
would have the opportunity, when the next appro-
priation bill was before the House, to take up the
matter, and give his own explanations; and if Mr.
Lewis (a gentleman of great, distinction, who had
built many light houses) had been puiliy of bad
management, or peculation, the gentleman from
Indiana could show it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, in the couise of some re-
maiks, disapproved of this course of allowing in-
dividuals to reply to the speeches of members on
that floor. If a committee of the House was about
to act on the character of an individual, it would
be proper to hear that individual; anil when <3««-
