16-4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
breed Indian) praying certain compensation for
the services of her husband during the war with
Great-Britain, and for expenditures in money and
ingoods for the United States: referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr, BENTON presented a memorial from the
city of New York, urging that the bankrupt law
was uncalled for, and unconstitutional, and highly
destructive of the lights of the creditor, and pray-
ing for its repeal: referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
the city of New York, in wh'eh the memcriaUsts
express the opinion that the bankrupt Taw was
not unconstitutional; that they were opposed to
its repeal, and suggested modifications : referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. C. also presented a re,i'i°n from George
Reber, administrator of William H. Hunter, de-
ceased, praying the allowr nee of a claim for ser-
vices performed by said Hunter for the Indian
Department: referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from DeKalb
county, Illinois, praying for the establishment of a
mail route from Chicago to Grand Detour, in that
State; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KING presented a petition from C. G.
Gunter, praying that the title to a Creek reserva-
tion may be vested in him: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that he had been re-
quested by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs to
submit a resolution; which was read, as follow,-:
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate of the 3d of
March, 1841, requesting the Secretary of War to report to the
Senate, at the ensuing session of Congress, his opinion upon rhe
subject of the reservation claims arising tinder the Cherokee
treaty, which had been rejected by the board o( commissioners,
&c., be, and the same is hereby, rescinded.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that the opinion of the
Secretary of War was unnecessary, inasmuch a* a
law had been passed, and a beard of commission-
firs had been appointed under it, to investigate
those claims. The board are now investigating
them. They do not want the opinion of the Sec-
retary; and a great labor would be saved the de-
partment by rescinding the resolution.
After a few remarks from Mr. GRAHAM,
doubting whether any board were progressing wiih
an investigation, (the claims of his constituents not
yet being investigated;) and by Mr. KING, ass ur-
ing him that said commi!-sion w,is now in session
in this city, and in the performance of their duty;
the question was put on the resolution, and it was
adopted.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following resolu-
tion, viz:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals be in
atriictedto inquire into the expediency of surrendering to the
Mate of Maryland all the interest the United Starts may have
in the stock* of the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal Company,
upou such just and liberal lerms as may be best calculated to
induce to the early completion of thai important woik, and
that ihey be instructed to report by bill or othciwise.
Mr. SMITli of Indiana suggested to the mc, et
to strike out the words ''report by bill or other-
wife," as they were unnecessary; which srgges-
tion being yielded to,
The resolution was adopted as modified.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted (he following res
olution; which lies one day on the table, under the
ru!p, v z:
Resolved, That (he Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to communicate to the Senate any repoit which may have been
mad? to him, or to the Solicitor of the Treasury, by the United
States attorney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, m re-
lation to the cloth cases, recently tried in that district, involving
forfeitures consequent upon the violation of (he revenue laws"
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutior;
which lies one day, under the rule:
Resolved, That the report of Lieutenant Wilkes to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, relating to the Terntoiy of Oregon, be print
ed; and that the charts of Columbia river, and the waters 03
the Admiralty inlet and Paget sound, ^be engiaved 01 litho-
graphed under directien of Lieutenant Wilkes.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies on the table one day, un-
der the rule, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury he directed to
report to the Senate, in as concise a form as may be piacri-
cable:
J. The amount of the public debt at the clo^e of the war of
She Revolution, and the amount paid by the Kederai Govern-
ment for the individual States, for the expenditures incurred in
that war. , , , , , .
2. The amount of the public debt at the close of the late war
with Great Britain; and the amount of the public debt at the
close of each Administration of the Federal Government.
3 The amount remaining in the treasury at the close of each
Adminissration, . .
4. The gross amount of the receipts of each Administration
—distinguishing between the receipts from imports, public
lands,and othersources. ...
5 The gross amount of the expenditures of each Adminis-
tration—distinguishing between the amount paid in discharge
of the public debt, and for other purposes.
6 The amount deposited with the States, severally.
7. The gross amount of continental paper money issued by
the Federal Government, and the amount of the same redeemed
by the Government.
8. The present pablicdebt of the United States, in gross.
9 The present pubiic debt of Great Britain, in gross
10 The gross amount of exports and of imports of theUni-
ted States, during each Administration of the Federal Govern-
"'Tt' What nations have funded their public debt, or the debts
of their citizens, under the original par value thereof, or at a
diminished rate of interest, and the terms of such funding.
Mr. MERRICK, from he Committee on the Post
Office and Post Road?, reported back, without
am ndment, House bill entitled "An set fcr the re-
lief of Samuel D. Rose and others;" and House
bill entitled "Ail act for the relief of Barent Siry-
ker "
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presen'ed several
resolutions passed by the Legislature of Connec-
ticut—
1. Instructing their Senators to make suitable
exertions to procure the passage of a law to refund
to Genera! Jackson the fine imposed on him by
Judge Hall, in the year 1815, with interest thereon
to the time of payment, without condition or qual-
ification, as an act of long-delayed justice to that
venerable citizen, patriot, and statesman.
2. Requesting Congress to make suitable provis-
ion for dulling and disciplining the militia officers
of the United States, that they may be schooled in
the arte of war, and be competent to discharge their
duties in time of war.
3 Re?olution denying the right of Congress to
dictate to the States the mode in which they sh*ll
elect their Representatives in Congress; and pro-
testing against the exercise of that right by the
Congress of the United States, as a palpable and
dangerous violation of rights of the Legislatures
and people of the States; which resolutions, on the
motion of Mr. SMITH, wereordered to be piinted.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to which had been referred the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury relating to insolvent
debtors of the United State?, reported a bill to con-
tinue in force the several acts now in existence for
the relief of insolvent debtors; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTINGTON submitted the following
resolution, which lies on the table one day:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Jlnads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so modi-
fying the existing laws as that each Assistant Postmaster General,
shall be appointed by the President, by and with th« advice and
consent of the Senate.
Also, whether it be expedient to repeal or modify the Inw
which prohibits contractor for the conveyance of then-fail from
carrying, without the consent ofihe Postmaster General, news-
papers orher than thopp carried in the mail.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, made an adverse report en the claim of
James B. M'Kownj which was crOered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. LINN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of confirming to Martin
l(,enwick, of Maryland, a certain tract of land lying in the State
ol Missouri; and that the papers oti file m ihe office of the Sec-
retary of the Senate be referred to the same committee
Resolved^ That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of confirming to Ab-
salom Link a cei tarn tract of land lying in the State of Mis-
s' uri, and that the papers on file in the office of the Secretary
ol the Senate be referred to ti e same committee.
Oa motion by Mr. LINN, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Relations be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of mokinsr an appropna-
tion for the benefit of the heirs of Wm. A. Slacnm; and that :he
petition and papers on file in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate be referred to paid committee.
On motion by Mr. LINN, it was?
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of passing an explana
tory law embracing certain land claims confirmed to the sons of
Bento Vasquez in 1836, by the board of commissioners appoint-
ed to investigate private land claims in Missouri under acts
of Congress of 9th July, 1832, and2d March, 1833.
Mr, LINN presented documents relaticg to the
claim of Dr. Fen wick; which were referred.
Mr. YOUNG, on leave, introduced a bill author-
izing the sale of school land's in the State of Illinois,
and to legalize such sales as bare been made prior
to the passage of such act; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. YOUNG presented documents on the sub-
ject of a grant of land, to aid in completing the Il-
linois and Michigan canal, which he moved the
printing of: referred to the Committee on Print-
ing-
Sundry bills from the House were taken from
the table, read twice, and appropriately referred.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The orders of the day brought up Mr. Linn's
biil "to author ze the adoption of measures for the
occupation and settlement of the Territory of Ore-
gon, for extending certain portions of the laws of
the United Stales over the same, and for other pur-
poses;" the consideration of which was resumed
from Friday, as in committee of the whole.
gome doubt being expressed as to the question
pending,
The CHAIR explained that it was on Mr.
Archer's motion renewing the motion of (be Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Taman] to strike out the pre-
amble to the bill, which was in these words:
"Whereas the title of the United States to the Ter-
ritory of Oregon is certain, and will not be aban-
doned: therefore"—
Mr. LINN remarked that he hoped, upon recon-
sideration. the gentlemen who were in favor of
striking out the preamble when the bill was last up,
would now feel satisfied that there was nothing tn
it to render this motion to strike out necessary,
whilst there was much to be considered in favor of
letting it stand. It is very certain (as he remarked
the other day) that we have some Oiegon territory,
and that to it we will not abandrn our title. Great
Britain does not deny that we have some; why,
then, should our assertion to that effect give any
caute of dissatisfaction? But, even if it did, the
assurance that we will not abandon our title should
be made, because it is requisite to quiet the minds
of our own people on that point. It is all-important
that we should give some satisfactory answer to
the daily inquiries made. We owe it to our citi-
zens already settled in the territory, and no-v
amounting to 1,500 or S,000. He had letters
which led him to the conviction that, if this assur-
ance were given, the settlers, during the next sum-
mer, would amount to at least 5,000. In a matter
of this kind, it was nor, in his opinion, at all ne-
cessary to have any regard to the effect it would
would produce on England. If that country was
so unreasonable as to object to the declaration
made in this preamble, he certainly would not be
deterred by that objec'ion; nor would he make the
least modification to suit her views. S ill, if other
gentlemen in favor cf the bill continued to oppose
the pieamble, be would not, for the sake of retain-
ing it, l,ke to lo^e the b H itself, merely because the
preamh'e was or was not stiicken out. He hoped
it would b« c<ntinued as it wa .
Mr. ARCHER s&id he was very sorry that ha
did not feel hrmselfany more at liberty to dsy, than
he d'd wh-"-n ihe bill was Lvt under censideration,
to pr.cde to the wishes of the honorable Senator
from Missouri for the wnhdrawal of that motion.
He thotght, as a matter of good taste, ihey ought
not to regain .-cch a preamble. The motives of the
honorable Senator from Missouri were—what? To
give assurance to the population of that territory
that this G-veinwit really mean to carry cut
their own b'l! i Was there any such assurance
wanted? Wss not the parage of the b,11 itself a
sufficient assurvnee? Would it not, in fact, argue
a sort ol impuiatior, if, in addition to the passage
of the b;!1, h s dec'araiion be required to be made
at a sort of guaranty for the sincerity of this
Government? The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri wou'd not affirm that such a declaration was
necetsjry, in reference to other ssbjccts of legisla-
tion; and if not necessary in other cases, why in
this?
But there were other objections still stronger.
Did not the seiitlrmtn perceive that it would be
better to avoid all fcause of offence, and to obtain
the possession c f this territory on terms of perfect
am ty and good feeling with all foreign powers,
