106
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men; and he thought, therefore, to produce equal-
ity, a greater quantum of land should be-given to
married men. He hoped there would be no ob-
jection to the amendment.
Mr. BENTON said he desired to vole for this
amendment. He went on to show that the French
and Spanish Governments, in their plans of settle-
ment in Louisiana, had granted land to the hps-
band, to (he wife, and so much for each of hi& chil-
dren, and each of his slave?; and that such plan
was equitable, and went te> equalize the grants
among the teltlers. Mr. B. said that to the man
haying a family, it was the most ccstly and
hazardous to emigrate He was for inducing men
with families to go to that country, because it
would give thp strongest bonds which could be
given for the faithful defence of the country. The
man of family has far more responsibility on
him to defend his wife and children. He would
therefore vote with the greatest pleasure for the
amendment.
Messrs. McROBERTSand GRIT TEND EN sug-
gested modifications of theawendi.-'ent; ivhich wete
accepted by the mover of it.
The question was then put on the amendment,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that the bill provided
for extending the civil and criminal jmi^diction of
the'supreme court and district courts of the Terri-
tory of Iowa over the Oregon Territory, as defined
in the bill; and for that purpose authorized the ap-
pointment of two as-'OCiate judges of the supreme
court of the Territory of Iowa, in addition to the
number now authorized by law. He did not think
it was neccssary to make the appointment of two
additional judges obligatory; and moved to strike
out the word "shall," in the 3d line of the bid, and
insert,''may, in the discretion of the President;" so
as to leave discretion with the President to judge of
the necessity of their appointment.
The question was put on the amet>d<uent, and it
Was agreed to.
Mr. LINN moved to fill the blank vsith $100,000
to carry the provisions of the bill into effect; which
amendment, after a few remarks by ftTessts. LiNN,
SMITH of Indiana, HUNTINGTO V, MrJtOB-
ERTS, and CRITTENDEN, was agreed to.
At the suggestion of Messrs. WOJDBURY,
CRITTENDEN, and SEVIER, some further
amendments were made to the bill. The bill was
then reported to the Senate; and,
At the suapeition of Mr. TAPPAN, was ordered
to lie on the tab'e till to morrow, with a view of
having it primed as amended.
Mr. ARCilER remaiked that George McDiiffie,
the Senator elected by the Legtslaiuie o( South
Carolina to fill thp vacancy occasioned by the res-
ignation of Mr. Preston, was preterit, though his
credentials were not received. Hj had hit home
with the expectation that hii credentials would be
received on his arrival here Mr. A. had been
told by the Secretary that thete weie precedents to
authorize the qualifying of Mr. McDuffi;", ihou.sh
his credentials were not form illy presented. He
moved that he be permitted to qualify.
The CHAIR re-nark-d that there were prece-
dents to justify that course.
Mr. McDoffie tlic-n presented himself, and was
qualified.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 3, 1843.
Mr. EASTMAN presented the petition of Joseph
French and (orty-nine others, ctr zens of Barn-
stead, New Hampshire, for a mat! roi:e from Gil-
manton Iron Werks to Manchester, in said State.
Also, the petition of Eph'aiai Tibh. ts, and fifty-
one others, citizens of sa-d Gi'mantou Iron "Works;
of James Knox and seventy othfn, citz.-ns oi
Pembroke; of It. T. Leavit: and oie hundred and
seventeen others, citizens of Putsfield; and of J. G.
Cilley and or.e hundred and twenty-map others,
citizens of Manchester; all praying for the estab-
lishment of said mail route from Gi'mnnton Iron
Works io Manchester; which said jevera' petition.-,
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, the petition of Thomas D. Morrison, of
New Hampshire, for remuneration; winch was re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BOYD presented the petition of sundry citi-
zens of Marshall and Calloway counties, Ken-
tucky, praying that a pension be granted to Joseph
Bowhn, a disabled soldier of the late war.
Mr. H. DODGE presented a petition, signed by
four hundred and thirty-two inhabitants of the c.ty
of Baff-iK in the State of N« w York, asking Con-
gress for s*n appropriation for a harbor at t'-e town
of MiSwaukie, in the Terri'ory of Wisconsin.
Also, ihe petition i.f inhabitants of Sieeonn
ty, in the Territory of Wisconsin, asking Cor,-
grsssfor an appropriation for th; improvement of
the navigation of the Fox and Wi-consin rivets.
Also, a petition numerously signed by inhabi-
tants of the town of Souibport, in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin, asking Conpress for an appro-
priation for a harb:r at that town, on the western
shore of Lake M>chigan-
Mr. LOWELL prt-s'n'ed ths petition of Edward
S. Jarvis, and twenty-six other shipmasters and
merchants of Mount Desert, for an appropriation
to improve the navigation of Penobscot bay,
Maine; which wast referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The several committees were called on for re-
ports.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to amend the ac
entitled "An act to establish a distric' court of the
United States at Wheeling, in the S a'.e of Vir-
ginia."
Mr. f. said, as he presumed there would be no
objection fo the bill, he moved that it be now
passed.
The hill wss then read three times and parsed.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.
Mr. C- J. IRGERSOLL offered the followitg
resolu ioti, which was adopted:
Resalcf.d, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire inio the expediency of abolishing capital
punishment hi public.
Mr. WISE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, made sundry adverse reports.
COST OF FIRE-ARMS.
Mr. CALHOUN offered the following resolution,
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War report to fhis House,
a* soon a«i practicable,
1st. The cost of the materials for the fabrication of fire-arms
ut the United rit<res aimoues.
2-1 The pu« paid lor Ubov on the nw*k<?t.
3d The evt.cri^c, pt? musket, for all other labor, compi i=uitg
rhu making and repairing of tool?, pay of officer4?, tec —pre-
senting a dN'met statement fm each of the lust three ye<iis.
Arid that In' fuiihor repoit the amount expended .it each of
the armories diirms the I t*f three ye.irs, separately, for all pur-
poses not duectly connected with the coi'isu lienor: of tne mus
ket.
LIGHT-HOUSE IN MAINE.
Mr. LOWELL offered the following resolution,
wh ch was adopted:
Resolved. That the Committee on Commerce be instiucted
to mquneiiitothe expediency of erecting a '.ight-hou«e at I,u-
t'eHivei harbor, in Cutler, Maine.
ABOLITION.
Mr. SLADE rose and said he wished to present
the re'oltuions of the Legislature oi Vermont in re-
lation to the abolition of s'avery in th« District of
Columbia- As their reception was precluded oy the
21st rule, he should lie under the necessity of mov-
ing a suspension of that rule, for the purpose of
accomplishing bw object, and offering the following
preamble and resolution:
Whereas, by a law of the United States, flamed on the 15th of
May, 1S20, the foreign slave-trade is declared to be piracy, and
is made punishable by death*
And wheieas, there is, dud has 'oag been CBivied on in the
jDistnct of Columbia, within sight, ot (he halls of the two
Houses of Congiess, and the lesidenceof the Chief Executive
Magistia'e of this nauon. a 'ratio in met), involving all the prin-
ciple's nf outrage on human rights which chai<tcteriza the f>r
eitrn sl-ive trade, and whjrh have drawn down upon it the male-
dictions ol the civi!)/,ed woild, fin*! stigmatized those engaged
m it a? enemies of the human race.
Ami whereas, the trade thus existing in this District isae:gia-
vated m er.oi mity, by rea on of its bej, g cairied on m the heart
of a n.auon whose institutions are based'upon the piinciple that
all men pre created equal, and whose laws have, in effect, pro
claimed i'c? great and superlative iniquity; asrgiavatcd, more-
over, by its outrage on the sensibilities of a Christian commu-
nity, by its sundering of the lies of Christian brotherhood, and
by the anguish of He remorseless violation of all the domestic
re'auona, rendered the more deep and endurm* by the hallow.
ing influence of the Chrisiian religion upon those relations, and
by the increased strength which it gives to the domestic affec-
tions:
And whereas, one of the purposes of the Constitution, in
providing for the setting apart, and exempting from State ju«
rsdiction, a district for the seat of the Government of the United
States, was, to provide a common ground whereon all could
meet, under a system of laws not involving, of necessity, prin-
ciples or usages peculiar to any of the States, but based upon
the great principles asserted in the Declaration of Independence,
and looking to the great objects contemplated in the pieamble
to the Constitution:
And whereas, that purpose of the Constitution is defeated, by
subjecting a majority of the Re{ reseniativesof the people and
of the States, in the two Houses of Congress, and a majority of
those employed m the executive departments at the seat of
Government, to the necessity of witnessing a trade in human
beings, which is to them a source of grievous annoyance, and
an object of deep abhorrence and detestation:
And whereas, this trade in human beioests carried on under
the authority of laws enacted by the Coheres of the United
States; thereby involving the people of all the Stales in its
guilt and disgrace- a guilt and disgrace enhanced by the con-
sideration that those laws are a virtual usurpation of power,
the Constitution of the United Stales having conferred upon
Congress no right to establ sh the relation of slavery, or to ?anc =
tion and protect the slave-trade in any portion of th's Confede-
racy; Therefore,
Resolved, That all laws in any way authorizing or sanction-
ing the slave-trade in this District, ought to be repealed, and the
trade prohibited; and that th© Committee for the Disriict of
Columbia be instructed to report a bill accordingly.
Mr. GILMER inquired if ihe motion was in or-
der; to which
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
The yeas and h&ys were ordered on ibe mo-
tion.
Mr. A. V. BROWN asked if it would be in oi 
der to move to lay the motion on the tablel
The SPEAKER said No.
Some confusion then ensued, and several gentle-
men attempted to get the floor; in the midst of
which, ihe calling of the roll was commenced.
The House refused to suspend—yeas 73, mya
109, as follows.:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Sherlock J, Andrews, Ayerigff,
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Bnardman, Bor-
den, Briggs, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun,
Child*, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James
Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Richard I). Davis,
Everett, Perns, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G, Floyd, Gates,
Giddmgfi. Patrick G. Goode, Granger, Halsted, Henry, Hud-
son, Hunt, Joseph H Ingerfoll, James. JJnn, McKennan, Mc*
Keon, Mathiot, Mattocks."Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Morris,
Moirow, Oliver, Oborne, Parmenter, Patridge, Pendleton,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Roosevelt,
William Russell, James M. Russell, Sahonstall, Sanford,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stokely, Stration, Tillinghast, To-
land, Tomlmson, Trumbull, Joseph L. White, and Win-
throp—73.
NAYS—Messrs. LandafT W. Andrews, Arnold, Arring*
ton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron
V. Brown, Milton Erown, Charles Brown, Burke, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell,
Thomas J. Campbell, Camthets, Gary, Casey, Chapman,
Cliflbrd, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, Dawson. Dean, Deberry, Eastmao, John C.
Iidwatds, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gentry, Gerry, Go?*
Kin, Gordon, Green, Gwm, Harris, Hays, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubai'd, lluriter, Chailes J. Ingersoll, Irwin, Jack,
WiJiam Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, Keim,
Kmg, Lewis, Littlofield, I-owell. Abraham McOellan, McKay,
Marchand, AlireJ Mavshalf, Thomas F. Majshall, Mathews,
Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Moore, Newhard, Owsley, Fayne,
Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Rayner, Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rhett, Rsgss, Rodney, Rogers, Saunders, Shaw,
Shields, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, Alexander II. H. Stuart,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Taiuferro, John B.
Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tnplett,
Turney, Van Buien, Ward, Washington, Watteison. Weller,
Westbrook, Edward D, White, Christopher H, Williams,
Wise, and Wood—109.
NAVAL DEPOT.
Mr. TILLINGHAST presented ihe resolutions
of the Genera] Assembly of the Siste of Rhode
Island, setting forth the very decided and superior
fitness of sume place in Narraganset Bay for a
nava! depot: referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, aud ordered to be
printed.
BREAKWATER.
Mr. SALSTONSTALL presented a resolution
instructing the Committee of Ways and Means to
inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for the construction of a breakwater at
Sar.dy Bay, Mafsachusetts.
BANKRUPT ACT.
Mr. ROOSEVELT offered a petition from
sundry citizens of New York, prayins for the repeal
of the bankrupt, law: referred to the Committee on
the Jadiciary.
ABOLITION.
Mr MORGAN presented a resolution instruct-
in" the Oummittee on the Territories to inquixe into
ihe erpedipney of repeating an act passed by the
