CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J09
to this discussion, he should follow Use example of
his "illustrious predecessors." He was aware that
this present Executive had extraordinary difficulties
to encounter. He came in en the popular wave
which swept oyer so many Stales, and defeated the
Democratic party. It was no', then, to be expect-
ed that he would be looked 011 with kind feelings
by that party. Indeed, it was natural that they
should distrust him who had such an agency in
bringing about their defeat. Yet they resolved,
whilst in a minority, to adopt a respectful course of
conduct towards him and their Whig opponents.
What was the course of the Whig majoiity towards
them? Was it characterized by magnanimity, by
chivalry, by courtesy1? No. The Democratic'
party were constantly told that they were defeated;
and were compared to convicted criminals, only
awaiting the executioner to swing them <ff The
triumph of the Whig parly in twenty Stales was a
constant theme of exultation. Never was such a
victory before obtained. He would not stop to in-
quire into the means by which it was brought
about; suffice it to say, they were such as the party
Should, in their sober senses, be ashamed of, and
such as he hoped, for the honor of his country,
would never be resorted to again.
But (continued Mr. W.) you were in power.
Your chieftain—your favorite Western statesman—
was at the other end of the Capitol, shaping the
legislation of the country to suit himself. He
thought the difficulties which had Ion? encompass-
ed his way were all removed, and the road to the
Presidency short and easy. He alreary imagined
himself in the chair, dispensing favors and shower-
ing patronage with a lordlv air. But he is fallen!
fallen, like Lucifer, to rise no more! Blasted by
the withering indignation of an insulted people, he
stands a melancholy monument of ill-directed am-
bition. I might, s-ir, quote the language which
Sliak.-peate has put into the mouih of Wolsej; but
I will not. 1 will spare his friends the mortifying
thought of having his picture before them. [Ciies
of "Quote ii"—"Oh ye*! let's hear"—''Let's ice
if he'3 enough poet for that."] Then I will quote
the memorable, and, in this instance, appropriate
passage:
"This is the flute of in.tn, lo-ilay lie put* forth
The temloi leaves ol hope, (o tnojvow blossom..,
And beats his blushing honors thick Ujmn luni
The thud <l.«y conies a fro^t, u killing host;
And when he thinks—good ca*y lull sui'ily
His greatness js a iipemng, ni|H iii« root,
Ami then he fulla as 1 do "
Yes, Mr. Speaker, there has been a frost, a kill-
ing frost, in Ohio, Pennsylvania, New York,
Maine, Maryland, and elsewhere. The victorious
banner which waved so triumphantly in 1840, is
now prof irate, and trailing in the du> t!
But, he (Mr. W.) was not disposed to exult
over a prostrate foe, except on account of the tri-
umph of principle. He would not wound the
feelings of ihe great fallen statesman, by descanting;
on his melancholy late. If their affection for him
was to be measurtd by the chastisement they had
received on his account, it was certainly very great.
But it was fraid that some men were haidened by
adversity. If such were not the fact, hn should
suppose the recent elections would have maierially
softened down the Whig party. They seemed to
be going on as before—persisting in their for-
mer course of conduct, whilst the people laughed at
their calaoiitirs. They would, he though!, )et
find that they have been kicking as.ain.st the pricks
As to ihe extra session, the Democrats weie in a
minomy, and too weak to resist the onward march
of constitutional encioaclmient by the Whig patty.
The E >c«!ife wa«, hosrver, found to possets
sufficient devotion to the ConMitution tj save it
from aggression. He vetoed the bank; and, in so
doing, defeated a measure fraught with danger to
the liberties of the people. Was it to he wondered j
at, tbat the Democratic party applauded him for i
the act? Did gentlemen of the Whig party ex-
pect the Democratic members to apply fish-markt t
epi'hets to him?
He repeated, the Preside!)." came into power sur-
rounded by peculiar circumstance?, requiring great
firmness and gmt moral nerve. Both parties te-
fused to support him. The Whigs would not, be-
cause he refused to obey the mandate of their Cap-
tain Genera). The Democrats supported many of
bis measures, whilst they denounced others. Moie
over, they saw him surrounded, then as now, by
men in whom they never had, and never can have
confidence.
The President wasdenouncedasatraitor. Why?
Because he lefused to sign the bank bill. What
right had they to expect John Tyler to sign the
bank bill, when his former votes had been against
such a measure; and when, at the extra session, be
declared that it had been condemned by the people?
Why, then, denounce him? To what v,vs he a
traitoi? To the Constitution? No; but to the
"universal Whig party"—the same which, in 1840, •
denounc:d Mr. Van Buren as Ihe President of a
party, and declared that they wanted a man who
would soar above party ! Yes, the same party, in
1840, protested that they did not ask for patronage;
that they were not actuated by a love of the spoils
and of office, but by a s.ncere devotion to their
country ! How changed the scene in cne short
year! John Tyler refuses to be a mere party Presi-
dent—refuses to permit Whig caucuses to dictate
to him—refuses to allow others to construe the
Constitution he had sworn to support. This wxs
the head and front of his offending. This was the
reason of his denunciation by the same men who
were, in 1840, so eloquent in denunciation of party
Prcs'denK He (Mr. W.) believed that John Ty-
ler ha f been governed by exalted patriotism. He
did not doubt that the measures recommended by
him were conscientiously believed to be for the best
interest of the countiy. When the excrement of
the times had subsid d, and partisans should have
tumed to other objects, his integrity would be ques-
tioned by none.
He trus'cd that he should not be charged with
making war upon this Administration, whenever
he should feel compelled to voteagain-t any of its
measures. He could not permit his personal asso-
cia'ions to influence his politic?.! principles. He
was wedded to his political principles; yet he be-
lieved that this Government belonged lo all; and
that, being but joint (enan's, we were bound not to
stop the wheels of Government becuise a man not
altogether after our own heart was at the helm-
He h<fkl it to be ihe duty of the Democratic party
to support the mea<uresof ihU Administration, so
far a.s they did not conflict with the opinions which
they advocated and with the Democratic ere id of
Jefferson and Jackson; to support them, in short,
whenever they weie not made up of the old leaven
of Federalism. Had he under.'tood the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushinq] as coming here
to offer the patronage of the Administration to such
party as should support its measures, he should
hav; told him that the President did not possess
patronage enough, all told, to buy even his humble
self, and still less a majority of the Democratic
members. The people were made of sterner stuff
than tha'. They could not be boughi, or sold, or
transferred to any party for a cDr.sideraiion.
Mr. W. said that the Executive, if sustain-
ed at ali, must tc sustained upon principle; and to
be sustained upon pimciple, he must take care to
make his principle c inform to those which are
supported by the Democratic party. It was idle
lo talk about organiz ng a pany on Executive
pAtrotiaec alone; ihose v.'ho were govcrn-d by no
pi tnciple, who were alone actuated by desiie for
office, would f.iwn on the Executive in the hour of
his prosperity, but in the day of his adversity they
would abandon him. S:> far as hs (Mr. W )
was concerned, if sny wi hed to know wheie he
\.a-> to be found, he would say that in a few
months he expected to retire to the shades of
private life; but u'her in a. public or private sta-
tion, he would always tc found adhering to ihe
Deiaoeratii party, fie expected that there would
h  a nntimai convention for tho purpose of recon-
ciling the differences in tbat patty in regard to men;
a.-.d ahca that conxemion sroke, he would be
found contending for their nomination widi ail the
energy, ail the Acal, and ail the ability he pos-
sessed.
Mr. FERRIS said tbat he had so fully expressed
his views in relation to the bankrupt law, when it
was under considerat;on, before its passage, that
he had deemed it unnecessary to make any ob-
servation in rel&ti' n to ihe bill for its repeal; that
he came io the Hou<e with the expectation of
hearing the honorable gentleman from Kentucky,
[Mr. Marshall ] and regretted the Cause which
prevented him from laying his views on this im-
portant subject before the House; tbat he (Mr.
F.) felt it his duty to reply to some of the observa-
tions he had heard against the repeal of the bill,*
and, in doing so, he should but briefly advert to
some prominent objections against the bill itself.
The bankrupt bill (said Mr. P.) was passed at the
time the country was in a state of extraordinary
cxcitement arising from revslsions in commerce,
embarrassments in trade, the derangement of the
currency, and the desolation and ruin spread over
the land from the extravagant speculations and
wild projects engendered by the inflation of the
paper system. It passed in its present uncon-
stitutional and objectionable form, in which the
rights, of creditors were totally disregarded, and the
obbgatien of contracts violated, by the most power-
ful and e'equent appeal to the passions, by which
reason was dethroned, and sympathy substituted
for judgment. The prominent constitu'ional ob-
jections then u'ged against the bankrupt law,
we;e, that it was not such a bankrupt law as
was authorized by the Constitution, inasmuch as it
was retrospective in its operation, and violated ex-
isting coniracts;that this part of the law came with-
in the spirit, if not within the express letter, of the
prohibition against the passngeof ex post facto laws;
that it was voluntary, and the proceedings might
be commenced by tnedebtor, wiihout the actual as-
sent or concurrence of the creditors, or any part of
theinj and that it extended to all peisons, instead
of being con fined in its operation to traders. It
was also urged that the law was inexpedient; that
it held out temptations for fraud and perjury; de-
stioyed confidence bnv-een man and man; and
that, while it helu out relief to the unfortunate,
imprudent, or proflipa'e; it carried «c:ol,uicn to
tbe homes of the industrious, prudent, economical,
and substantial part of the community. In vain
it was urged that it would be better to allow tbe
unfortunate io resort to the S'ate insolvent Jaw?,
and to a compromise with creditors—which is sel-
dom refused io men who make a fair exp se of
their affairs—than to afford thpm relief, by inflict-
ing on the community evils of such magnitude and
danger as would result from an unconstitutional
and badly organized bankrupt law; that it was bet-
ter even that individuals should suffer the conse-
quence of their own extravagance, folly, or impru-
dence, than that the Constituiion should be tram-
pled upon, and the rights of the citizens violated,
to accomplish the relief which the bankrupt law
was intended to afford. The bankrupt law was
passed; and experience has shown the evils result-
ing from it: and, so lar as I can form an opinion,
the people call for it>' repeal. It has been said thai
a bankiupt law was absolutely essential to the pros-
perity of « commercial country. This is not warrant-
ed by the psst experience of our own country. Fora
period of near fori/ jt-ars between the repeal of
the first and the passage of the second bankrupt
law, this country had enjoyed an unexampled state
of prc periiy. Her commerce whitened every
s^a, and the enterprise of her citizens penetrated
the most remote climes. No nation of tbe same
population had, during that time, advanced to
prosperity and greatness wilh more rapid strides, or
whose commercial transactions were more exten-
sive or varion : ; et fill this was accomplished
wi'hont a bankrupt law; and ihe unfortunate
found relief in a compromise, with creditors, or
the S.ate insolvent laws.
It has been observed by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Saltonstali.,] that a bank-
rupt law w*-.s moie e-ctssary, and better adapted
to acouniry like ours—con.-isting of many sove-
reign S;ates, wiih one federal head—than in a
kingdom under one Government. With defer-
ence to that honorable gentleman, I am of opinion
that a bankrupt law is better adapted to the condi-
tion of a people under an integral Government,
like that of Great Britain, than in a Government
like the United Stales, of a limited character, hav-
ing, ia its legislation on this subject, to interfere
with and crush the legislation of the States in rela-
