114
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BARNARD objected to this mode of
bringing bills before the House.
Mr. ARNOLD presumed tbe principal motive
with gentlemen who brought forward bills and res-
olutions on this subject, was, that they might
make an harangue in favor of the Old Hero. He
would, therefore, move to refer the resolution to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
"Union, where there was already a bill pending on
this very subject.
Mr. BOWNE did not wish, on this question, to
trust himself at all in making an answer to charges
like those which had emanated from the member
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] farther than to
say, that gentlemen who were the most ready to
impute motives of this description to others, are
most apt to entertain them themselves. The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee would most
certainly be liable to the objections of his colleague,
[Mr. Bahnarb;] for it would not be taking the or-
dinary incipient steps of legislation. His resolu-
tion, b.owsver, did nut conflict with the usual
course of legislation. It proposed to iastiuct the
Committee on the Judiciary to bring in a bill on
Thursday next; and when that bill came in, it
would, of course, take the ordinary channel of le-
gislation. His colleague was mistaken in sup-
posing there was no precedent for the resolution he
offered. His recollection informed him that at tbe
last session there was a resolution passed, instruct-
ing the Judiciary Committee to report a given bill,
(the bill to repeal the bankrupt act;) in consequence
of which, that committee did report the bill; and it
was in this way brought summarily before the
House. His only desire (Mr. B. said) was to
have this bill—which he deemed the best one—
brought at once before the House, so that there
might be a chance of acting on it at the present
- session. It must be remembered that more than
one-third of the session was already gone; and
therefore, if they expected to pass a bill on this
subject at the present session, it must be brought
speedily before the House.
[Mr. Gushing here handed to Mr. B. the case
in point, to which he alluded—bsing the resolution
referring the petition of inhabitants of the coun-
ty of Otsego, New York, to the Committee on the
Judiciary, instructing said committee to report, in-
stanter, a bill to repeal the act establishing a uni-
form system of bankruptcy.]
Mr. B., having read the resolution, said that the
difference between it and the one he offered was,
that the first directed the committee to report a
given bill, inslanler; while his directed the commit-
tee to report the bill accompanying it on the next
day. He acted, therefore, in accordance with
precedent, as well as parliamentary law. He
would say to his colleague that his parly had mis-
taken his ground in opposing this bill. The peo-
ple had spoken on the sabjeci; the President had
recommended it to the favorable consideration of
Congress; and the public press of both political
parties had loudly called for action on it. His res-
olution could do no harm; and it would require no
great length of time, and no great labor Irom ihc
Judiciary Committee, to obey its instructions. Let
u?, then, (said Mr. B ) have this bill at once
before us, so that wo may act on it before the ses-
sion closes.
Mr. EVERETT could not see what object the
gentleman from New York had in view. A bill
on this subject had already been referred to the
Committee on tbe Judiciary, and was now before
the Committee of the Whole House; so that if i'ne
gentleman ihould attain his object, the bill he now
nought to introduce would take its place on ihe
calendar after the one already on it.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL explained that the bill
reported at the last session wai referred anew to
the committee at this.
Mr. EVERETT said he spoke of what was on
the calendar. The gentleman, if he got a bill re-
ported now, must have it to come in after the one
already on the calendar.
Mr. BARNARD said that, after this explanation
of the gentleman from Vermont, he would move to
lay the who'e subject on the table.
Mr. BOWNE asked his colleague to withdraw
his motion for a moment, in order that he might
make an explanation, promising to renew the mo- ]
tion. The motion being withdrawn, Mr. B. said
there was, it was true, a bill before the House at
the last session, and was now on the calendar of
the Committee of the Whole. But the subject at
this session had been referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary; and should they reach the bill on
the calendar, it would be urged as an excuse for
delay that the Committee on the Judiciary had not
reported. Assuredly, Mr. B. said, such an excuse
would be made. Mr. B. then, according to his
promise, moved to' lay the resolution on the table,
and called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
On taking the question, it resulted in yeas 91,
nays 107, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arnold, Ay-
crigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman,
Botts, Briggs, Bronson, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun,
Childs, Chittenden, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranslon, Cravens,
Garrett Davie, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden,
Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G.
Goode, Granger, Green, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James lrvin, James, I. D, Jones,
King, Lane, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Mitchell, Morgan, Morris, Osborne, Pendle-
ton, Powell. Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,
Randolph, Rayner, Kidgway, Rodney, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stoke-
ly, Stratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Summers, Richard W.
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Under-
wood, Warren, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L.
White, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop,
Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaft" W. Andrews, Arrmgton, Beeson,
Bidlack, Black, Bowne, Brewster, Aaron "V. Brown, Milton
Brown, Chas. Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O.
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Cartlttiers, Cary, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cross,
Cusliine, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Doan, Doig, John C. £d-
wards, "Feins, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance,
Gerry, Gilmer, Go^gin, Gordon, Craham, Harris, Hastings,
.Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hunter, Charles J. Inger-
soli, William W. Irwin, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Liltlefield, Lowell, Abra-
ham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Mar-
chand, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Me-
dill, Mejiwether, Miller, Moore, Newhard, Oliver, Owsley,
Parmenter, I'atridge, jPaync, Pickens, Plumer, Profht, Read,
Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, San-
ford, Saunders, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Steenrod, John T.
Stuait, Swuney, John B. Thompson, Triplett, Trotti, Tur-
ney, Van Bnren, Wallace, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook,
Christopher II. Williams, Wise, and Wood— W.
Mr. BARNARD then offered the following
amendment:
To report to the House, with all convenient despatch, the
principal and material facts in relation to the fine imposed on
General Jacksun at New Orleans by Judge Hall, and the opin-
ion of said committee upon the material questions of law in-
volved in the imposition of such fine, and the acts leading
thereto.
Mr. BOWNE remarked, that, should the course
proposed by his colleague be adopted, the matter
would stand just where it did now. A report had
already been made, accompanying the bill which
was reported.
Mr. MERIWETHER said he should vote
against the resolution of the gentleman from New
Yoik [Mr. Bowne.] The gentleman said that the
people had called aloud for a remission of the fine
on General Jackson. True, he admitted that fact;
but the eall was got up by interested politicians.
He (Mr. M.) wished something to be done at the
present Congress. It was many years ago when
the fine was impobed. During Ihe long peiiod
which had elapsed, the Democratic parly had often
had a majority in Congress, and made no effort to
have the line refunded. Now, he wished to help
to do lhat which they had been too modest to bring
about. They would have a majority in the next
Congress; and as he presumed they would be again
too modest, there was a greater necessity for hav-
ing the fine returned bj the present. For himself,
he was willing 10 return the fine, with interest; not
because General Jackson ought to have it—not be-
cause ihe imprisonment of Judge Hall was ngb'—
but because he believed the motives of Genet at
Jackson to be pure. He wished to do that which
the friends of the Crenetal would not themselves do
for their chief. He wished the committee to report
the facts, and to show that censure of Judge Hall
was not implied.
Mr. UNDERWOOD next obtained the floor.
He commenced by referring to a pamphlet which
had been recently laid upon the tables of the mem-
bers, which was a republication of certain essays
in the Louisville Journal on the subject of the
fine, martial law, &c. He had recently heard that
the Nashville Union contained a publication from
General Jackson, in which the General gave the
lie direct to the statement contained in the
pamphlet to which he referred. Now, he (Mr. U.)
knew something of tbe author of this pamphlet;
and he was a man of talent, and of the strictest
veracity. He bad also seen the statement of
Louallier, and had read it over and over again.
When he was on the stump in 1828, tbe fine, the
imprisonment of Judge Hall, and all the facts con-
nected therewith, were made the subject of daily
discussion. Tbe statements contained in the
pamphlet to which he referred were then corrobo-
rated by General Jackson's friends. Now, if the
fine was to be returned, he wished to see the facts
reported upon by a committee of the House. If
he voted against refunding the fine, it would
be for the purpose of showing his condemn-
ation of martial law; setting an example to all
military men that no such thing as martial law
was ever to be proclaimed [A veice: "Except in
Rhode Island"] in this country.
Mr. GWIN then obtained the floor; but
The SPEAKER announced the expiration of
the morning hour.
Mr. BIDLACK presented a petition from Au-
born, Pa., praying for the repeal of the bankrupt
l3W" THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. EVERETT called up the orders of the
day—the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
Mr. BOWNE, who held the floor, said that
when he obtained the floor on yesterday, it was
more with a view to end the debate than for
any oiher object. lie was satisfied, however, that
the motion which he intended to have made would,
if now submitted, not be sustained by the House.
He therefore, on this occasion, rose to make an ap-
peal to the House; to address its sober judgment
on the propriety—nay, the necessity—of bringing to
a termination this debate, in order that it might
proceed to Ihe important measuies which had
been brought before it. He had supposed that
the subject did not need much discussion; that
the bankrupt law was already sufficiently under-
stood by the Representatives and the people; and
lhat the House was prepared for action, a.nd for
carrying out the known will of its constituents.
He felt confirmed and justified in this view, from
the fact that, at the last session, when the people
had not spoken so emphatically as now—when
their thunders had not rolled over the country, de-
claring to their Representatives, in a manner not
to be mistaken, lhat the law must be repealed,—
then, with hot haste, and by a strong vote, the law
was repealed, so far as the legislation of this House
could go. Having given this vote, the members
returned to their constituents, where the will of the
people was conveyed to them through many chan-
nels. Yet, with such facts before them, what did
they wimesu? The bankrupt law under discussion;
and not only its repeal delayed, but the public
business deferred, and a debate going on upon
everything else except the bankrupt law! What
would an inielligent man from abroad—what would
the constituents of Representatives sitting here say,
were they to step in and hear such a debate as had
taken place, when they understood that th<? subject
before the House was the repeal of the bankrupt
law? He felt humbled and mortified at the cour c
which had been pursued. Not only had the
rules appointed for tho governance of the House
been violated, without any call to order from the
Speaker or anyone else; but the very courtesies
of life had been violated and set aside. He did
not desire to speak censoriously, or to judge
harshly; and he would on no account intenlionally
wound the feelings of any member; but he would
a--k, is it becoming the character of an American
Congress, the representatives of an enlightened
and free people, to utier—nay, to listen to the
language which they had heard in relation to the
Chief Magistrate of the nation? Why, the fish-
women, and the inmates of Five Points establish-
ments, would in vain endeavor to find in their
vocabulary such terms as had been here poured
out upon the President. Was nothing due to his
station? Was there no respect left for the highest
officer of the Government—for the highest officer,
