CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
M
whose State Bank is a part of her financial system.
Look at South Carolina, which was largely inter-
ested in her banks. Would gentlemen have these
to be placed at the mercy ol the Northern and
Eastern banks, to sue out commissions of bank-
ruptcy, against them, and drag them down to ruin?
What would be the effect of such a provision on
the banks of the South and Southwest? Exchanges
were generally against them, and in favor of the
Northern and Northeastern banks, and they would
be placed at the feet of New York and New Eng-
land. The provision the gentleman sought to in-
troduce would bp, in effect, a tremendous bank of
the United States, with branches in the North and
East, having the power to ruin the Southern banks
at their pleasure. Having said all that he intended
to say on the bill before the House, he would now
briefly touch on the incidental subject that had
been brought forward in the debate.
The gentleman from Massachusetts the other
day made a very extraordinary speech; and that
speech had been quoted variously by different
members on that floor, as well as by the public
press. He did not know that he understood the
gentleman exactly; but if he meant to say (as
charged against him by several gentlemen, and
by the newspapers) that the power and patronage
of the Government were to be held for the purpose
of sustaining the Administration in office, and for
pulling down and putting up political aspirants, he
could only say to the gentleman that he irampled
such doctrines with scorn under his feet. The
gentleman knew that he (Mr. P.) stood up bere in
opposition to power and patronage, when it re-
quired some nerve to do so; and he now could not
be diverted from the line of conduct his princi-
ples had marked out for him, cither by fear or
favor. He wanted nothing from any Administra-
tion, and would fearlessly dohis duty to his coun-
try and the people he represented, without looking
to any Administration for its approbation. Nut that
he had any objection to the present President of the
United Statesn; on the contrary, he respected his
character and his integrity. He had been abused
and traduced grossly and unjustly, and he had his
(Mr. P.'s) sympathies on that account.
He would say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, that he rejoiced to see him standing
in the posilion in which he now stood. He
would do the gentleman the credit of saying
that he had always had a leaning to Demo-
cratic principles. [A laugh.] He bad great
cause to congratulate the country, and the gentle-
man himself, thai, although he had been the most
violent ultra—though he had been actually so
full of rancorous abuse, that even he (Mr P )
had shuddered with fear, daughter,]—though the
gentleman and a colleague of his (another of the
guard) had been so violent in denunciation that
he (Mr. P.) had actually shuddered lest he should
be robbed of his seat—yet he had now canse to con-
gratulate them that they had at last embraced the
truth. He did not believe they were leaving the
truth; because, according to the adage, "truth was
mighty and would prevail," and that could hardly
be said of the cause they were leaving. The
Greeks well understood the frailty of poor human
nature. They represented the Goddess of Wisdom
with a crown upon her head, cloihed with the
trappings of power, and sitiing in imperial state.
They sought to make her attractive. They well
understood nature when'they represented Wisdom
invested with the trappings and symbols of power.
He would not say the gentlemen only loved truth
because presented to them in this form; but he
would say this—that those gentlemen with whom
he (Mr. Pickens) acted, acted upon broad princi-
ples: and, as to the divisions which were supposed
to exist in the Republican party, he knew nothing
of them. He did not believe that any serious di-
visions existed. lie believed there were no divis-
ions but such as might be reconciled, with prudence
and judgment. He could see no cause for the
least want of harmony. They stood upon the
broad principles of the Constitution.
He would tell the gentlemen, that one of the
principles upon which he would not be found har-
monizing with them, was the question of free trade.
The bank question he considered dead; but, as to
this question of free trade, he would tell the gentle-
men—those who may come into power—.let them
c. me in as they may, the banner of free trade will
wave, whether on the part of the Administration
or of the opposition. Those principles which were
identified with the best interests of the country
would prevail.
Did they ask for favot? No, sir. He ceuld as-
sure them, (and there were gentlemen there who
knew the fact,) that if he had thought proper to
fawn and flatter, he could have borne the trappings
of office; but he scorned to dress himself in the
livery of any man, he cared not what power or
what patronage he might wield. He went for his
country—for the Constitution of his country—the
constitution and rights of South Carolina against
the world. [A laugh,] He would be unworthy
of the place he occupied, if he could have suffered
his mouth to be muzzled. He contended not for
the sake of paltry, party triumph. No; he scorned,
he despised the thought; it was for those great prin-
ciples which it had been the pride and glory of his
life to contend for.
As for the divisions in the Whig party, he knew
nothing about them; others were belter informed.
He could only say that he felt a sincere sympathy
for them. They came into power under the most
abandoned and profligate principles; and now they
were about to be dissolved, without much regard
to principle. [Laughter.] In reply to the famous
Kentucky orator, he wouli say they (the Whigs')
were standing aghast at the handwriting on the
wall which proclaimed their guilt.
Mr. PROFFIT said he presumed no man, read-
ing the reports of the debates in that House, could
suppose that they were discussing the bankrupt
bill. He could tell them what the feeling of the
country was in relation to the repeal of the bank-
rupt law, and in regard to the iBsincerity which
had marked the proceedings of the majority there.
The ibankrupt bill had always been in'a minotity;
it was laid on the table by 13 or 17 votes; and
afterwards taken up by means of a caucus, and
passed by a minority—five members standing be-
hind the columns, and refusing to vote. The bill
passed against the known will of the people of the
United States—against the will of those who sent
the members of that House to Congress. And
he would tell those gentlemen, by whose votes
it passed, that, when they returned home and
met their constituents face to face, they found
that it was for their interest to return here, and
vote for its repeal, before it could go fairly into
effect. They now found themselves called upon
by the country to repeal the bankrupt law. They
were now in the very same condition that they were
in last year, in rrgard to the pay of members. All
were in favor of the repeal of the bill, and yet
they could never get a dozen votes in its favor.
If gentlemen supposed the people would not un-
derstand them, they were greatly mistaken. He
would now say a word to "the Democratic party;
for, thank God, he stood in a situation where he
cared not whether he pleased or displeased either
party. [A laugh.] He had said so at home, and
he repeated it here. A plague on the heads of
both. He would now tell the gentlemen what was
the condition of the Democratic party. Every man
of them was anxious to have the bill passed,
but did not want to take the responsibility of voting
for its repeal; desiring to throw all the odium pos-
sible on the Whig party for having voted for its
passage. And now they say you do not intend to
repeal it, but intend to keep up the divisions and
dissensions which exist here. He would say, then,
to the Democrats, Do not, when you go home,
charge it upon the Whig party that they were un-
willing to repeal the law. You know that you
said at the last session you were opposed to it; if
so, walk up; let us have no humbugging; walk up
to the work, and repeal it. He (Mr. P.) clearly
saw that the law was not going to be repealed in
that House; and the only hopes he had, were, that a
bill would come from the Senate for its repeal.
Gentlemen said, strike out the voluntary
clause. But did not gentlemen see that
that would be perfectly useless? Did they
not suppose that it would be an easy thing for a
roan to go to some good fritnd, and say, Force me
into bankruptcy? Might not a man compel his<jre<i-
ltor to drive him into involuntary bankruptcy?
All systems connected with this sort of business
were liable to fraud. He believed .he had spoken
very plainly in regard to this matter. Hejield it
to be the duty of every Democrat in that House tp
walk fight up and vote for" the repeal of th^bili.
He believed that nine out of ten of all parties
were really in favor of its repeal. He had not
impugned the motives of any one; he had but ex-
pressed his own opinions.
He had heard a good ,ijeal about putting up
the Administration at auction. He would as.k the
gentlemen what they had to offer them in case they
should come forward and repeal the bankrupt law?
It was the most laughable thing he had ever beard
of. What would the gentlemen give them? Did
they mean to go upon the credit system? He (Mr.
P.) was not disposed to sell himself upon credit.
[Laughter.] He would tell the Whigs how it was
possible for them as a party, having among theta
men of intelligence, of tact,, of ingenuity, to permit
themselves to be drawn into such a debate as this.
Would they acknowledge that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cu.shino] might, at any time he
chose, draw them into a debate which must end in
their defeat as a party? They bad baen accused of
wasting the time of the House; but to allow such
a debate as this to go on, and to continue, day after
day, talking about Captain Tyler and Democracy,
without doing anything, was the greatest abuse ol"
time that had yet occurred. He gave them his
advice freely: he did not intend to charge them
anything for it. [A laugh.] There were some
few on whom the responsibility would fall: they
could gain nothing by it politically—they could not
injure the Administration. They might butt their
heads against it; but they would be likely to get
their brains knocked out, if they had any. [A
laugh.] When he acted with the Whig party, he
never fought with shadows—he had sought out
the substances, and combatted them. The over-
throw of that party he should attribute to his hav-
ing left them. [A laugh.]
He knew not exactly what the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cushinq] intended to intimate,
in the declaration mada by him to the House a
few days since; but he knew that his friend had
some peculiarities of expression. [Laughter.] He
wished he could imitate his compressing a d con-
densing power of style; for his friend from Massa-
chusetts cottld put into one sentence what other
men would occupy a whole speech with. But was
it wonderful that he should have said that persons
connected with this Administration would have
something to say in the next presidential election?
Did gentlemen suppose that his (Mr. P.'s) tongue
could be kept still? [Laughter.] Did they sup-
pose that Daniel Web-.ter would say nothing?—
that man whom they were constantly braying at as
wolves at the moon? [Laughter.] Did they sop-
pose that John C. Spencer would say nothing?—
that his friends from Massachusetts, [Mr. CosHiNa]
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and himself, as well as
others, would say nothing? [Laughter ] They—
he could assure the gentlemen—were accustomed
to have something to say; and he hoped they would
not be denied that poor privilege. He cared not
who might be the ondidate, nor how much might
be said about political consistency or £ consist-
ency.
He then went into a series of reminiscences of
scenes in the House during the late campaign—
the calling of the previous question—the course
pursued by the gentleman from South Carolina
[Mr. Pickens] in that contest—the remarks make
by Messrs. Vanslerpoel and Dromgoole. He
next proceeded to comment upon an article in the
November number of the Democratic Review, in
which the exchequer was condemned, and the re-es-
tablishment of the sub-treasury recommended with,
modifications. This writer in the Democratic Re-
view, who always wrote with sense, proposed that
there should be a separate vault in the sub-treasu-
ry for private deposites; certificates to be sold at a
small premium, in order to " accommodate the
people." Hence, he drew the inference that the
exchequer, in its essential features, was popular
with the Democratic party.
