118
CONGRESSIONAL &LOBE.
Much had been said about political inconsist-
ency and changes. How had the Whig party
got into pow^r, bat by constant accessions from
the Democratic party of men who were badly
treated, or dissatisfied? The Democratic party
•were coming into power; but it was not the power
they wanted. They would have a majority in the
next Congress; but they would die on congressional
power, unless they could get some executive pow-
er. [Laughter.] Haw could they get power, un-
less from changes? They would not reject an old
farmer who had come up to vote for them, and ac-
knowledged that he had always been in error be-
fore. Everything intended to operate on public
sentiment was to produce change. What else but
•political changes had prodnced the revolution of
26,000 votes in Ohio, 14,000 in Maine, and so on
ia other States? It was, then, idle to lalk about
political instability and inconsistency, when pubic
sentiment so much depended on the wisdom and
prudence of those in power.
He did not go for merging with the Democratic
party. He, however, claimed to be a Republican
Democrat, and always would be. The ticket
•which he voted had Harrison and Tyler on it, and
beaded "Democratic Whig" ticket. [Laughter.]
But many of those who supported that ticket knew
not, until it got in power, whether it was Demo-
cratic or not.
When the next election came, though he did
not expect to get a Jeffersonian Democrat fully
after his own heart, yet he would take the best he
could get. [Laughter ] It would not be in his
power to goout and cull flowers of his own choosing.
If he understood the wishes of the present Admin-
istration, it was desirous and anxious to go out of
power with a good name. In a few years, most of
ihe speeches now made here would be forgotten,
and with them would have passed away the excite-
ment and asperities of the sccnes now passing
around them. Then, the country would look to
the records for the acts of the present Administra-
tion; and he believed that it would be imperisha-
bly recorded as having honorably settled every
question with which it was charged when it came
into power "without a party." Its very success
would arise from the circumstance of its having
no party. Did any one believe that the treaty
"with England could have passed ihe Senate, bad
the President been possessed of the support of a
party in that body? Had the Democracy been in a
majority, and a Whig President, they would have
said, "this treaty will favor our opponents; Jet us
reject it." So, also, if the case were reversed. But
John Tyler held the executive power; and, having
aio party in the Senate, the result was 39 to 9. He
(Mr. P.) thanked God that such a state of facts
existed as a President without a party. Upon this
lie predicated his prophecy that the Oregon ques-
tion would be settled by this Administration; the
Mexican claims settled; and many other public
questions, which bad long agitated the public mind,
"brought to a close. All he asked was, that gentle-
Mien would not forestall questions of public policy.
Keep still, and, his word for it, the Administration
•would come out in triumph.
He concluded by declaring it as his conviction
that it was the duty of all those who were in favor
of the repeal of the bankrupt law, to come up
and so%.'te, instead of giving to the country the
idea that Congress could not pass a single measure
of importance without inceisant cavil.
Mr. GORDON next obtained the floor, but
yielded it to a motion for an adjournment.
The House then adjourned, at a quarter past 3
o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 5, 1843.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from
William De Puyster, now of the State of New
York, bat lately of the Territory of Florida, pray-
ing compensation for a ceitain slave taken into the
.service of the United States by the commanding
officer in Florida, and sent to Arkansas with the
emigrating Semiuoles: referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the Philadelphia Board uf Trade, signed by th°
president and secretary, in favor of the warehous-
ing system; which, on motion of Mr. B., was, in
connexion with three memorials upon the same
subject heretofore presented by him and laid on
the table, referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented three memorials
from New Yoik, remonstrating against the repeal
of the bankrupt act; which were referred to the Ju-
diciary Committee.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE MISSISSIPPI
RIVER.
^ Mr. McROBERTS presented a memorial from
citizens of Illinois, numerously signed, asking Con-
gress to adopt an efficient system, and to appropri-
ate means, to remove the snags aisd other obstruc-
tions to the navigation of the Mississippi river.
Mr. McR. remarked that the memorial contain-
ed some specific information in regard to the losses
of boats and property, at places called the "Grave-
yard" and "Goose island," in the Mississippi riv-
er, and both of which places were within the lim-
its of Illinois—losses which bad occurred within a
few months past, and which, from their magnitnde,
presented a subject for the gravest consideration.
The losses at those places and others on the river
include the following list of boats:
1. The Mentor, sunk at Goose island—boat and
cargo a total loss.
2. The New Orleans, sunk at Goose island—
boat and cargo a total loss.
3. The Pre-emption, sunk at Goose inland—the
boat a total lo?s, and most of the cargo.
4. The Robert T. Lytle, sunk at Goose island—
the boat since raised; the cargo lost.
5. The Eliza, sunk at Goose island—boat and
cargo, and thirty lives lost.
6. The Fort Pitt, sunk near Goose island—boat
a total loss, and part of the cargo.
7. The Louisville, (which was used as a lighter
to the Eclipse,) lost near the mouth of the Ohio—
boat total loss, and part of the cargo.
8. The Osage Valley, sunk at same place as the
Louisville—boat a total loss, and part of the cargo.
9. The John Perry, sunk at island 14, below the
mouth of the Ohio—boat and cargo total los«, with
the exception of the machinery.
10. The Louisa, sunk between St. Louis and the
mouth of the Ohio—whether she would be a total
loss, is not stated.
11. The North Alabama, snagged and sunk near
Natchez, said to have been loaded with cotton—a
total loss.
12. The Glaucus, sunk above St. Louis, on her
way to Galena—boat and cargo a total loss.
13. 14, and 15. Tlse Winchester, the Fair Play,
and the Liwrence, lost in Ihe Ohio, above its con-
fluence with the Mississippi.
16 The iron steamer Vallev Forge, snagged and
sunk at the "Graveyard" or Goose island.
In addition to this list are to be added the Transit,
CXueen of the Wfsf, Vicksburg, General Pratt,
Nep'une, Lebanon, and Corvette; besides others,
the mines of which are not stated in this memo-
rial.
In a memorial from citizens of S'. Louis, it is
slated that, in less than five weeks during the last
fall, boats and property were lost between St.
Louis and Cairo, amounting to two hundred and
thirty-four thousand dollais.
The losses, sinee the period referred to, and
those at other places on the Mississippi, Ohio, and
Red rivers, would, in all probability, swell the
sum to half a million—and this in a period of less
than six months. The magnitude of the losses
has become alarming, and has seriously affee'ed
the value of steamboat property.
Mr. McR. said that, according to a statement
recently published, it appeared that there were
about one hundred steamboats regularly employed
in the trade of the Mississippi as high up as St.
Louis and Alton; and that, of this number, twenty-
three were lost in 1841, and nearly as many tave
been lo«t in the same trade the present year. He
said the appropriations made at the last session
had enabled the department to put some of the
^nag-boats in repair, and to commence operation?;
but that much more means were lequired, and
ihe establishment of an efficient system to afford
protection to the commerce upon our great Western
rivers.
He believed that, in the adoption of the system,
and in the execution of the work, ihe experienced
captains of steamboats were the men who would best
accomplish it. The practical knowledge which
they possess of the river, and which they have
acquired by years of experience, and their intre-
pidity of character, render them better qualified
than any other class ef men. He would prefer to
see them employed; but, be that as it may, he
hoped an ample appropriation would be made;
and that, at all practicable seasons of the year, the
work would be vigorously prosecuted.
The petition was, on his motion, referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred the bill from the
House entitled "An act for the relief of the
owners, officers, ?nd crew of Ihe armed brig War-
rior, and their legal representatives," made a report
recommending that the bill do not pass; which re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH of la-., from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the House
bill for the relief of Elisha Moreland, William M.
Kennedy, Robert J. Kennedy, and Mason E.
Lewis.
Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of the citizens of Scott
county, Arkansas, praying a donation of land for
the county seat of said county, reported that the
object of the petition was provided for in the gen-
eral law, and asked that the committee be dis-
charged; which v-as done.
Also,- reported back from the same committee,
with an amendment, the bill to authorize the Le-
gislatures of Illinois, Arkansas, Louisiana, and
Tennesree to sell the school lands heretofore ap-
propriated for the use of schools in those States.
Also, reported back, without amendment, the
bill to authorize the sale of school lands in the
State of Illinois, and to legalize such sales as have
been made prior to the passage of this act, and
recommending that it be indefinitely postponed;
the bill immediately preceding having been so
amended by the committee as to embrace (he ob-
jects of this bill.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that they do pass, the following bills
from the House, viz:
The bill for the relief of Peter Lionberger.
The bill for the relief of John R. Delany.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Captain Samuel Shannon, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Cornelius Wilson and
James Carter; and
The bill for tha relief of James M. Moigan.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revo-
la ionary Claims, reported adversely on the claim
of George Burke, for bounty land for revolution-
ary serv.ces; which was ordered to be printed.
Tho following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Buchanan, was taken up and adopted, viz:
Mfiwlvnd, That the Secretary of the Treasuiy be directed to
communicate to the Sen,ii^any report which may have been
made to him, or to the Solicitor of the Treasury, by the United
States a'torney for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, in rela-
tion to the cloth cleceutlv tried m that diMrict, involving
forfeiting consequ"iit upon the viohiiion of the revenue laws,
The following resolution, heretofore submitted
by Mr. Smith of Indiana, was taken up and adop-
ted, viz:
ThoMhe Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
leport to the Senate, in a3 concise a form as may be practi-
cable:
1. The amount of the publ.c debt at the clore of the war o,f
the Revolution, and th^ amount paid by the Federal Oovern-
ment for the individual state?, fur the expenditures incurred in
that war.
2. The amount of lh#> pubUo debt at the close of the late war
wuh Oreat Britain; ami the amount of the public debt at the
clo^e of each Administration of the Federal Government.
3 The amount j cmaimng m the tieasuiy atthe clo eofeach
Administration
4. Theer'T^amomi! ofthercceipfs of each Admiritefiation—
disiinsimhitig between the receipts fiom imports, public land?,
and othersources.
5. The gios*amount of the expendifmes of each Adminis-
tration--dis'm^'ii-d.imr between the amount paid in discharge
ofthe public deht, <-tnd for olhei purf osfs.
6 The amount deposited with the States, severally.
7. The n-oa-3 amount of continental puper money issued by
