CONGRESSIONAL ClLO&E.
i#
the Federal Government, and the amount of the same redeemed
by the Government.
8. The present public debt of the United States, in grog's.
9 The present public debt of Great Britain, in ?ross.|
10 Thegroas amount of exportaand of importgof the United
States, during each Administration of the Federal Govern-
ment.
11. What nations have funded their public debt, or the debts
of their citizens, under the original par value thereof, or at a
diminished rate of interest, and the termsof such funding.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolced, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
year.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested to the mover of
the resolution the propriety of so modifying it as to
distinguish between the exports and imports of
foreign and domestic coin. The resolution only
calls for the exports and imports of gold and
silver coin, without regard to whether foreign or
domestic. The Senate might not be aware of it,
but there was at least $2,000,000 of domestic coin
exported annually.
Mr. BENTON, in accordance with the sug-
gestion, modified his resolution by adding, at the
end thereof, the words "distinguishing between
foreign and domestic coin." It was then adopted.
CAROLINE AFFAIR.
The resolution introduced by Mr. Rives on yes-
terday, calling upon the President of the United
Stales to communicate to the Senate, (if not incom-
patible with the public interest,) all the correspond-
ence between the American Minister at London
and others, in relation to the destruction of the
Caroline, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. RIVES said it was proper, perhaps, to say
a single word as to the particular object he had in
view in presenting the resolution. It was in the
recollection of the Senate, that a great deal of cor-
respondence, touching this subject, of a very im-
portant character, was before this body, in secret
session. In several of the published speeches on
this treaty, partial extracts had been made from
that correspondence. As a matter of justice to all
concerned, it was due that the whole correspond-
ence should be communicated, and that they should
not be judged by partial extracts therefrom- In
all candor and fairness towards those concerned, it
was due that it should be published entire; and he
saw no reason why the whole should not be com-
municated to the Senate, for that purpose.
The resolution was then adopted.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Barrow, on yesterday, was taken up, and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the Socretavy of the Navy be directed to
communicate to the Senate the evidence in his possesion
showing that depredations of a moat rutnoua kind are being
daily commuted on the navy timber growing on the public
lands; and [hat our own people are daily selling to our Govern-
ment live-oak umber, which they take from (lie public lands
and alao ^tich proof as may be in hia possession tending 10
chow that any foreign Government has, by contracts with any
of our citizens, obtained supplies of live oak, cm from tho pub-
lic land; and, also, mlorm the Senate what, additional grants ol
power and means to the officers of Government are, in hia
opinion, necessary to complete the preservation, lor national
uses, of the live oak umber crowing on the public lamia m the
State of Louisiana and the Territory oi Fiouda.
House bill entitled "An act lo amend the act es-
tablishing a district court at Wheeling, Va.," was.
read twice, and referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.
The bill declaring the assent of Congress to the
State of Illinois to impose a lax on all lands sold
in that State from and after the time of such sale,
was read the second time.
THE BRITISH TREATY AND THE [RED
LINES.
Mr. WALKER rose and observed that, before
the morning hour passed away, he desired to make
a brief statement m relation to a matter which h 
understood the attention of the Senate was called
to yesterday; and, during the discussion of which,
he bad been appealed to by the Senator from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Rives,] as lo a conversation which he
had had with him on his arrival at the beginning
of the present session. He alluded to the subject
of the maps brought forward last session, in secret
session, while the treaty with Great Britain was
tinder discussion; one of which maps was referred
to by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr, Rxves,] and
the other by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
t n] He understood that the Senator from Vir-
ginia, yesterday, in connexion with the re-
marks which he had made, referred to him (Mr.
Walker) as entertaining, on one point of the
controversy between him and the Senator from
Missouri, concurrent recollections and impressions
of what occurred at the time of the discussion in
secret session particulaily referred to by the latter
Senator. That point was in relation to the object
and purpose for which the Senator from Missouri
introduced the old French map of 17S4, from Mr.
Jefferson's collection in the library of Congress.
The Senator from Virginia, he understood, refer-
red to a conversation with him lately in confirma-
tion of this. The conversation alluded to, he re-
collected, oecurred the day after he took his seat in
the Senate. His friend from Virginia asked him
if he had seen the printed speech of the Senator
from Missouri, on the subject of the treaty. He
replied that he had not. He then asked if he (Mr.
W.) had, at the time of the discussion, understood
the Senator from Missouri as introducing the old
French map of-1784, from Mr. Jefferson's collec-
tion in the library, with a view of rebutting the
map referred to by Mr. Sparks, on the supposition
of its being Dr. Franklin's map, which indicated
by a red line the northeastern boundary of the
United States. Pie (Mr. W.) replied that he did
understand the Senator from Missouri as intro-
ducing the old French map, with the view of re-
butting the statement of Mr. Sparks, that the line
marked on the map found by him in the archives of
the foreign department in France, was made by
Dr. Franklin.
The Senator from Virginia also aslted him
(Mr. W.) if he recollected whether, at the time of
the discussion on that point, his impression was
that the Senator from Missouri had or had not suc-
ceeded in effecting the object and purpose for which
he produced the old French map; and, as well as
he (Mr. W.) recollected, he replied that it was his
impression that the old French map proved noth-
ing: that, standing by itself, if it proved anything
at all, it would be rather more unfavorable to th~e
claim of the United States than anything else.
He (Mr. W.) reiterated to the Senator what he
had during the discussion in secret sesion repeated-
ly asserted—that the map referred to by Mr. Sparks
never did belong to Dr. Franklin, and most prob-
ably never had been seen by him. Now, as re-
gards the object or purpose with which the Senator
from Missouri introduced the old French map, all
he could do was merely to give his opinion, and to
state the impressions left on his mind by what oc-
curred at the time. And, first, with regard to the
dispute as to the time the Senator introduced the
map, he should say that it was his opinion, that
when the subject of Mr. Spark's communication
was mentioned by the Senator from Virginia, the
Senator from Missouri produced this map, to rebut
the statem<nt of Mr. Sparks, and most especially
the presumption that the red line alluded to by Mr.
Sparks was made by Dr. Franklin. The Senator
from Missouri pointed to the red line on the French
map, to show that the same line was marked on
oiher maps besides- that alluded to by Mr. Sparks.
That line, in fact, was on all the old French maps,
and indicated merely th . boundary of Canada
claimed by tha French when it was in their posses-
sion.
Mr. BENTON. I not only produced it for ihat
purpose, but to show that the great secret was no
secret at all; and I proclaimed the "broad, strong
red line" aloud from ray seat.
Mr. WALKER resumed. He thought that the
Senaior not only proclaimed it aloud, but, in an
emphatic manner, used the expression "here is the
bloody red matk." He (Mr. W.) did not think ihe
old French map of 1784 sustained the presump-
tion that the red mark on the map found by Mr.
Sparks was either made by Dr. Franklin, or in-
tended to indicate the boundary line between the
United States and the British territory.
There were reasons, probably well known to
the Senate, why he (Mr. W.) should have bis
attention arrested by any mention of the name of
Dr. Franklin. When, therefore, the Senator from
Virginia, during the discussion in secret session,
had introduced the subject of Mr. Sparks'^ com-
munication, the moment the name of that distin-
guished patriot was mentioned, his (Mr. W. >s)
attention was aroused. As soon as an opportunity
was afforded, he rose and stated that it was not
his purpose to make a speech; but that he had
risen with a view of entering his protest against
the inference that the map found by Mr. Spaiks
was the one referred to in Dr. Franklin's note
quoted by him. He then, took' the ground that it
could not be the marked boundary made by Dr.
Franklin; and sustained this position by reference
lo the treaty which Dr. Franklin had drawn up
himself but a few days previous. He even pointed
out to the Senator from Virginia the impossibility
of reconciling that red line with the description of
the boundary line given in the treaty drawn up
by Dr. Franklin, and which he must have referred
to iu the note quoted by Mr. Sparks. The red line
on the map did not run one inch to the north, and
therefore could not answer to the description of
the boundary line given by Dr. Franklin. His
friend from Virginia [Mr. Rives] seemed particu-
larly struck with this view of the matter. He rose
in his place, and doubted that such could be the
case; but he (Mr. W.) showed him that it was, and
immediately demonstrated to him that the red line
did not run one solitary inch, to the north, but took
its course due east. Now, it was very well known
that Dr. Franklin's great anxiety was to extend the
boundary line of the United Slates as far north as
it was possible to extend it. How, then, could it
be reconciled to this well-established fact, that, in-
stead of keeping up to the words of the treaty, he
should so far sacrifice the rights of the United
Slates as to draw a line on the map which did not
run noith at all, but ran due east? It was not ree-
oncilable with his solicitude for the northern exten-
sion of his native State, and his anxiety to procure
all he could for his country, that he should mark
out such a boundary as that supposed by Mr.
Sparks to be his. On comparing the wording of the
treaty drawn up by Dr. Franklin, with the act of
Parliamentof 1774 designating the boundary line of
Canada, it would be found that he must have had of
that act of Parliament before him, and that he
literally copied from it the description of the bound-
ary line, agreeing in every particular except the
last word.
Here Mr. W. quoted both the act and the treaty,
and commented on the subject of the true bound-
ary line intended, for some time.
He insisted that the French maps in use at the
time all followed the boundaries fixed by maps
made 40 years before that date, when Canada be-
longed to the French, and when France maintained
her right to the territory north of that red line. It
was a mark merely indicating on a French map the
French claim of boundary. In renewing those
maps, no regard was paid to errors committed in
the old maps. It was not at all probable that Dr.
Franklin would take one of those old erroneous
French maps upon which to draw the line of
boundary intended by him in the wording of the
treaty. It was more consistent with all the cir-
cumsunces of the occasion that he should take the
best English msp of the day, and mark it with the
bne referred to in his note quoted by Mr. Sparks.
There was not one particle of evidence to bs ad-
duced from the circumstance that the $ap found
by Mr. Sparks in Paris had a broad, strong red
line, indicating some boundary of Canada, was the
map marked by Dr. Franklin; because every
French map of the day had the same red line on it.
Nothing could be more common lhan it was for
maps to have such red lines. They proved noth-
ing in such a case as this.
Mr. W., after a few more remarks, concluded,
reiterating his impressions as to the object and pur-
pose with which the Senator from Missouri intro-
dnced the old French map from Mr. Jefferson's
collection.
Mr. TAPPAN said he recollected perfectly well
the circumstances referred to; and he could say
that what had been stated by the Senator from
Mississippi, regarding the purpose of the Senator
from Missouri in producing the map, conformed _
exactly with the recollection he had of what oc-
curred.
