CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
121
Mr. Jefferson's collection, in secret session, and
his signal failure in that object, which made too
strong a sensation in the Senate chamber at the
time, to be readily forgotten by any who were wit-
nesses of the scene. The Senate, in whose pres-
ence this transaction passed, are the only compe-
tent triers of the fact; and to their conscious knowl-
edge and recollection|of what occurred, I leave,
with unshaken confidence, the justification, in
every material particular, of the representation I
have given.
Mr. BENTON. I will bring ihis matter to a
point. I will not make a speech about opinions.
I want the facts only. The Senate will recollect
that, at the time of the occurrence about these
maps, I had not spoken on the subject of the
treaty. It was the next day that I made my argu-
ment. So that, so far from iis being part of that
argument, the argument itself was not made till the
day after the occurrence. When the Senator from
Virginia had gone through his exposition, and pro-
duced what he called our attention to as a grand
secret of state, the moment I heard what it was, I
proclaimed the red lines on this map. I said aloud,
"Here are your red lines—it is no secret at all."
Yes, sir, I proclaimed it from my seat—"Here are
your red lines." And so identical were they in
both maps, that I could not but think, for some
time, they were the same. I did produce the map
to rebut Mr. Sparks. First, to show that his grand
state secret was no secret at all; and, next, to show
that there was no evidence in it that Doctor
Franklin drew the red line which Sparlis relied
upon as his. Any schoolboy or girl might
make it was well as Dr. Franklin. I did pro-
duce the map to destroy the inferences drawn by
Mr. Sparks; to show that his secret was no socret;
and that there was not a particle of evidence in it
that Dr. Franklin ever knew anything about it. I
do not complain of gentlemen entertaining opin-
ions or drawing inferences; but I do complain of
statements being made as facts, which  re the re-
verse of facts; and to keep to this point I shall read
again the words in the printed speech of ihe Sena-
tor from Virginia. They are:
"The Senator who produced it [the map | rould see nothing-
but themki oscopic dotted line running oil in a northeasternly
direction; but in?, moment other ryrtt were applied to it, there
waa found, iu bold relief", a strong red line indicating the limits
of the Unitod States, according to the treaty of peace, and coin-
ciding minutely and exactly with the boundary tiacedon the
map ofMr. Sparks "
Here is the point of which I do complain—that
I could not, or would not, sec the ".strong red line;"
but could, and did, see the micro.-copic dotted line,
which I pressed upon the Senate as the true bound-
ary, concealing the "strong red line." I com-
plain of the assertion for fact, that not until "other
eyes" were applied to the map, was it discovered
that a "strong red line" was on it, corroborating
the line on Sparks's map. Now, on ihis question
of fact, I appealed yesterday to forty-eight Sena-
tors, who were present on the. occasion, that I was
the first to proclaim from my table, ''Here are your
red lines." On this question of fact, 1 stated yes-
terday, in the presence of those forty eight Sena-
tors, who must know the truth, that 1 took my
stand; and I will not now be driven from it. I
stand now, as well as then, on the quo-lion of fact,
that I did not wait for "other eyes" to see this
' s'rong red line." These aie qnes'ions of fact on
which I take my stand; and nothing'list has >et
been raid can drive me from it.
Mr. RIVES said he ceitainly did not deem it ne-
cessary to say anything further upon the subject.
The Senator from Missouri r/iust know that they
were speaking in the presence of gentlemen who
were well aware of all the circumstances. His
(Mr. R.'s) belief was, that his repies8ntation of
the transaction was thoroughly borne out. If the
Senate would not decide let-.eeen ihrm, the Sena-
tor must be left to entertain his own opinion.
Mr. BENTON. I will read the words over
again. I stick to the words, sir:
"The Senator who produced it [the map! could see nothing
6tjlthe microscopic (Jolted line running oil 111 a northeasterly
direction; but llie moment other eyes were applied to it, there
waa found, in boid relief, a stiong ted !toe, indicating the limits
of the United States according tu thetieatyof peace, and coin-
ciding minutely and exactly with the boundary traced on the
map of Mr. Sparks.*'
Mr. RIVES. Will the Senator be so good a?\j|
to read the whole paragraph from the beginning?\
Mr. BENTON. I make no complaint about
that part. I complain only of the assertion in the
part I have read, and that assertion I deny. Yes,
sir, I deny the assertion. I deny it in the presence
of forty;eight Senators, who know 
The CHAIR interposed to say that ihe whole of
this was quite irregular.
Some indications of a desire to continue the con-
troversy were manifested; but the Chair called the
Senate to order by the usual knocking of the
hammer on ihe table, and other business pro-
ceeded.
INDEMNITY FOR FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to which numerous memorials upon the
subject had been referred, reported a bill ta settle
the claims for French spoliations commuted prior
to 1800; which was read, and ordered to a second
readiDg.
OREGON BILL.
The bill to authorize the adoption of measures
for the occupation and settlement of the Territory
of Oregon, for extending certain portions of the
laws of the United States over the same, and for
other purposes, was taken up for the purpose of
receiving its third reading.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that this was a bill
which involved the most important consequences;
and it was of the utmost importance, therefore,
that it should be examined with great care, to see
whether its provisions accorded wilh enisling treaty
stipulations.
Mr. LINN remarked that the bill did not conflict
with treaty stipulations.
Mr. CALHOUN further remarked, that its pro-
visions should be examined with great care, and
compared with treaty stipulations. In the negotia-
tions which led to the conclusion of the treaty,
there was correspondence of great ability, which
went fully into the subject; and he, for one, was
desirous to It ok a little more into that correspond-
ence before giving his vote for that bill. He would,
therefore, either move to lay the bill on the table,
or to fix a day for its consideration, as might best
suit ihe wishes of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Linn ]
Mr. LINN said he would prefer that the bill
should be passed over informally. He disliked the
fixing of any particular day for its consideration,
because other business would be almost certain to
get precedence over it.
It was finally agreed, however, that its considera-
tion should be postponed until Monday next.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy was
then read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, the Senate then
proceeded to Ihe consideration of executive busi-
ness; and, after some time spent theiem,
Adjourned.
HOUaE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 5, 1843.
Mr. A. C. DODSE offered the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Territories be instruct-
. ed to untune into tlie expediency and necessity of so amend-
ing the act approved 29th of August last, entitled "An act to
piovuie foi the settlement of ceilctin accounts for the suppnic
of Uovcinm^nt in the Territory of Wisconsin," <Sre , as to an-
thonze the Legislatmes of the respective Territories of the
United Slates to employ a sufficient number of officers and as-
sistanta for the transaction of the public business, and to regu-
late Uteii per diem compensation so that it shall not, in the ag-
gregate, exceed the sum of three dollars per day to each, and
that they rep-at by bill or otherwise.
Mr. HOPKINS asked and obtained leave to
withdraw, from the files of the House, the papers of
Sally iVJcCiaw, of Grayson county, "Virginia,
praying to be allowed a pension; which, upon his
motion, was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions.
He also offered a resolution directing the same
committee t  inquire into the expediency and pro-
priety of reporting a bill for the relief of the heirs
of William Howell, for his services in the war of
the Revolution: which was agreed to, and ihe pa-
pers accompanying it were also referred.
Mr. MARCHAND presented a petition of ,T. M.
Carpenter and 108 citizens of Pennsylvania, for the
repeal of the bankrupt law.
THE APPORTIONMENT ACT.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL introduced a bill to sus-
pend the operation of the 3d section of the act for
ihe apportionment of Representatives in Congress,
according to the sixth census.
The bill was twice read, as follows:
A BILL to suspend the operation of the second section of the
act entitled "An actforthe apportionmentof Representatives
among the several States, according to the sixth census."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the operation ofthesecond eeetion ofthe actentitled "An
act for the apportionment of Representatives amongthe several
States, according to the sixth census," appioved June 25,1842,
be, and the same is hereby, suspended, so far as the same may
affect the election of any person who has been, or may be,
chosen to serve as a Representative in the twenty-eighth Con-
gress.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL hoped it would now be en-
grossed and passed. [Cries of "No."] He moved
that it be printed.
Mr. BARNARD moved to refer the bill to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said he shoold like to submit
a few remarks upon the bill. [Cries of "No."]
The bill was then ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. CROSS introduced a bill supplementary to
an act entitled "An act to settle the title to certain
tracts of lard in the State of Arkansas, approved
11th August, 1842;" which was twice read, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON offered the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to the
heirs of George Yates, deceased, compensation for his services
as a surgeon's mate in the war of the Revolution.
Mr. HALSTED introduced a bill "to regulate
the mode of taking trstimony in contested elections,
and for other purposes." Read twice, and referred
to the Committee of the Whale on the state of the
Union.
DUELLING IN THE NAVY.
Mr. STRATTON offered the following resolu-
tion, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill for the
suppression of duelling in the navy.
Mr. M. A. COOPER introduced a bill to author-
ize the issuing of a land patent to John H. How-
ard; which was twice read, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
PUBLICATION OF THE ACTS OP CON-
GRESS.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN offered the following reso-
lution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Tudinary inquire into
the expediency of jepealmg so much of the 21st section of the
act ot Congress, appioved 26th August, 1842, entitled "An acc
making appropriation for such necessary objects as have been
usually included m the ffeneial appropriation bills, without au-
thouty of law, and to fi<c and provide for ceitain incidental
expenses of the depariments and offices of the Government,
ami for other purposes," as prohibits the Secretary of State
fiom publishing the laws of the United States in any newspa-
per except those published m the city of Washington; and that
said committee also inqiuie into the expediency of providing
by law for a more extensive publication of the acts and resolu-
tions of Congies?, in the English and German languages.
MAIL ROUTE IN NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. GRAHAM moved the following resolution;
which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a nid.ll \oute f.om Rutherfardton, by the Ready Patch Gap
and Edneyville, to Hendcr««onville, in "North Carolina.
Mr. CUSHING objected to further business of
this sort.
The committees were then called on for reports.
Mr. JAME3 COOFES, from the Committee on
Jnc'ian A fair?, reported a bill for the relief of
George C. Johnson: read twice, and referred to the
Ci.remittee o! the Whole House.
Mr. READ, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, m.<de sundry adverse reports.
Mr. EVEXKTT caKed for the consideration of
the bill to repeal the bankrupt act, and expressed
the hope that the House would come to a vote to-
day.
The SPEAKER said the business of the morning
