im
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hour was first in order, and the gentleman from
Mississippi [Mr. Gwin] was entitled to the floor.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE,
The House resumed the consideration of the
resolution of the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Bowne] directing the Committee of the Whole to
report the bill to refund the fine imposed on Gen.
Andrew Jackson in 1815, together with an amend-
ment thereto by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Barnard ]
Mr. GWIN, who held the floor from yesterday,
addressed the House in favor of the resolution-
Mr. G. said that the gentleman from Geor-
gia [Mr. Meriwether] had declared his intention
to rote for the bill to repay, wiih interest, the fine
imposed on General Jackson at New Orleans, by
Judge Hall. The gentleman also invoked action
on the bill this session. He (Mr. G ) was glad to
hear that the gentleman from Georgia would not
only vote for the bill, but urge early action upon
it. He hoped the gentleman'-; zeal would not
abate under the influence of party drill; for such
certainly were not the feelings or intentions of his
party associates on this floor. He (Mr. G.) was
of opinion that the dominant party in this House
intended to give the go-by to the bill; and, for that
reason, he had urged the- gentleman from New
York (Mr. Bowne] to introduce the resolution now
under discussion. It was a resolution of instruc-
tion, which could, by a call of the yeas and nays,
test the sense of the House wt.elher there should
be action on this subject this session or not. His
reason for believing that no action would be had
on the bill this session, was founded upon the man-
ner in which the go-by was given to it at the last
session of Congress. The subject had been relcr-
red to the Judiciary Committee at an early period
of the session. Before action could be had upon
it in committee, a member from Ohio [Mr. Medill]
had to move instructions, by a resolution similar to
the one now under consideration. Tne resolution
■was not adopted; but it brought the bill out of
committee, and it was referred to the Committee
of the Whole. There it was permitted to sleep for
three months. At length, after every important
public bill had been disposed of, he (Mr.
G.) had tried, from day to day, to get this
bill Hp in committee for consideration; but the
majority pertinaciously rehired to take it up.
He at length, to test the sense of the House,
moved to make it the special order, and called
the yeas and nays. A majority of the members
present voted to make it the special order; but not
two-thirds, as required by the 1 ale; and his motion
was lost. But in five minutes, (ihe House having
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole,) he
was able to catch the chairman>  eye, and moved
to take up the bill. The majority on yeas and
nays, that had existed but a few minutes before,
suddenly vanished, when the only test of their sin-
cerity was a vote by tellers; and he failed to get it
off the table. Well, sir, how stands the question
now? The President has recommended to Con-
gress to pass a bill refunding that money to Gen-
eral Jackson. Instead of referring that portion of
the message to the Committee of the Whole, (where
the bill of the last session now is,) it was, by a
parly vote, referred to the Jadu-iaiy Committee.
What bad been the action of the c.-m-'since < n the
snbjectjie had no meais of knowing, fie had in-
quired of a member of the commiute, find learned
that it was m the keeping of a member ~ew ab-
sent from the city, and" f!>ere was no to'lin^ v hen
the committee would act upon i'. Urdor the'e
circumstances, the subject had been brouch' before
the House in its present form, to ascertain whether
it was the wish of a majority to consider the sub-
ject this session, or give it the go-by, as was d"ne
at the last. From the remarks of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Mejuwkthek,] he had - ome
hop« that the bill would rot o-.ly be acted
on, but passed. He (Mr. G ) had a few words
to say in reply to the pentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Underwood.] T::at gentleman had
referred to an anonymous publication that had ap-
peared in a Kentucky paper, over ihe signature of
"A Kentuckian," tevievsing the declaration of mar-
tial law at New Orleans by General Jackson. The
gentleman from Kentucky vouches for the correct-
ness of this publication so far as it refers "to Gen.
Jackson, and says the writer is a gentleman of high
standing and fine talents. The gentleman also re-
ferred to a letter, written recently by General Jack-
son, pronouncing many of the statements of this
writer, in regard to his acts and c-onvsrsations st
New Orleans, false. But for the endorssment giv-
en by the gentleman from Kentucky to this anony-
mous wiiter'- statements, and the eulogy be bad
passed upon him, he would not at this time have
alluded to them, being willing to leave the author
and bis statements where General Jackson had
placed them. As the gentleman from Ken'ucky
had introduced the subject into Ihe House, and as
these numbers, signed "A Kentuckian," had been
published in a pamphlet form, and placed on the
table (if every member, he (Mr. G.) thought he was
justified in referring to it, and showing to the
House that the writer was entirely mistaken in
some of the facts he had relied on to support his
attack upon General Jackson. In the first place,
he had asrerted that Gen. Jackson "had proclaim-
ed martial law, and caused it to be enforced upon
the metnlers of the Legislature, by either thrust-
ing them out, or keeping them out, of their legisla-
tive halls by an armed force." This is not true.
Nothing of the kind occurred.
Again, he says: "That the order for the arrest, al-
though made on the day of publication, was hot
executed until ihe 6th. On the 5th, Judge Hall, of
the United States court, acting upon misinforma-
tion as to his being then under arrest, issued a writ
of habeas corpus tohavshim brought before the court.
Finding, on a renewal of the application next
day, that the writ had been prematurely issued,
and never acted on, the Judge, for the purpose of
saving the trouble of writing a new order, and for
no other conceivable motive, altered the date of
the order to the 6th, and redelivered it to the officers."
Here (said Mr. G ) is a tissue of errors—to apply
no haisher epithet to them. Louallier was arrested
en the 5ih of March. The petition for the writ of
habeas corpus was made out on that day. It was
grant-d on the same day, the Judge instructing
Louallier's attorney to notify General Jackson that
he had applied for the writ. The attorney accord-
ingly wrote to the General on the same day, (die
5,h,) notifying him of his application for the writ.
On the samed3y, Judge Hall was arrested. After
his arres1, General Jackson learned that the Judge
had mutilated the record in the case, by altering
the date of the petition for the writ made by Lou-
allier';', attorney, as well as his own order. He
sent for the clerk, and asked him if this was tru«.
The clerk answered in Ihe. affirmative, produced
111*? papers which be had in his pocket, and showed
the alterations. This was on the 5th of March;
and the petition lor the writ of habeas corpus, pnd
the order of the Judge granting it, were altered to
the 6 h; thus showing that it was the intention of
Judge Hall to make it appear, from the record,
ibat he was arrested oa the 5th for an act not per-
f> rmed uijlii the day rfter. Let the mo'ive of
Judge Hall be judged of lenten'ly or harshly, there
is no doubt bul he cor.isnitud forgery in alt.-ring
the da'e of the petition, e-ieu supposing he had the
right to alter the date of his own order.
The writer goes on to st>r that sn order w.is also
issued for the arre<t .'if Judse Lewis and Mr.
Dick, the United States attorney; Ihst Dick was
arrested, but Lewis, from some unexplained rau5e,
was n«t. This is, no doubt, sn error also. He
(iVEr. G.) had had occasion to examine the docu-
ments connected with this ca^e, with seme care;
and he rever before heard ef the arrest of Dick,
or the intention to -rrest Judge Lewis.
The writer fur:her states, that "on this same 6th
of March, General Jackson wrote to the Spthb
commander, notifying him that he had received
information of the tificition of the treaty of
This is not true. General Jackson never
wrote such a letter to the Biitish commander, ror
did he reeetve notice of the ratification of the
tr aty nitil the 13-h of March. Be also alludes
to a publication made at the time by Judge Hall,
and snakes quotations from it. Such publication
may have been made, buthe nev?r heard of it before.
He woolu make no further reference to the errors
in fact in this publication. His only motive for
alluding to it at all, was to counteract any impres-
sion that might be made upon any member cf the
House from the endorsement of the gentleman
from Kentucky, whose high standing in the House
for integrity and honor none acknowledged more
cheerfully than he (Mr. G.) did.
In conclusion, (Mr. G. said,) he was indifferent
as to the disposition Ihe House made of the reso-
lution. Ths object of the friends of the bill would
be accomplished, if it should be speedily brought
before the House for its action.
Mr. CUSHING said he had regretted to per-
ceive, in the course of the conversation, rather than
the debate, which had taken place on this subject,
the least possible indications of any tendency to
refer this question to party or personal controver-
sies. He equally regretted to perceive mere tech-
nical questions—he meant qusstions appertaining
to legal disputes which had occurred in Louisiana
at the time of these incidents—that they should in
like manner be deemed material to the question
which arose on this bill, or the resolution of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bowne ] He
thought the question invoked the House to regard it
under an aspect far more interesting to them, and
with reference to considerations which he should
hope would preclude division in that House, and
lead to unanimity of opinion on the subject of the
bill. He could not but recall to mind that they
were then on the eve of the anniversary of that
victory of New Orleans—one of the greatest events
in ihe history of our country; and shich (whatev-
er might be Ihe differences of opinion in regard to
personal incidents in the even'—whatever ques-
tions there might be in regard to the political
views of him who was the hero of that day)
was an event which covers the name of our
country with imperishable laurels; and he would
it were possible for that House and for that Con-
gress (if that bill were to be passed, as he hoped
it would) to cast avide all the lesser considerations
on which he had touched, to take up the bill in
Committee of the Whole, to pass it, and to make
the anniversary of the victory of New Orleans a
day to be sanctified, in the action cf this House, by
a restoration of the amount of that fine to Andrew
Jackson. [Cries of "Good."] And he intended
to propose to the House (if they were ready to
welcome aud act on such a proposition) a method
by which the subject might be accomplished; for
there were many of them there-—it might be a ma-
jority of that House—who had bad occasion to
condemn certain of the administrative acts of that
individual. But he had ceased to be the President of
the United States—he was no longer the director
of the administration of this country—he had
passed from the theatre of public action here, to be
an historical personage, not only in this country,
hut in the eyes of the world.
It seem d to him that it became them to regard
that man, and to regard this measure, above all
things, in relation to an historical personage and to
the honor of the country as connected with that great
event,and not in regard to the changeful vicissitudes
that might embarrass the mind, arouse the passions,
or gather around him either the reproach or ap-
plause of the transitory party passion? of the hour;
for there was one thing which was remarkable in
that, and ano'.herincident in the recent history of our
country, that signalized it to the world. Let the
House cast its iecollections back to the commence-
ment of the twenty-five years' war which burst
upon the w<?rld with the French Revolution. Look
at the history of England during those twenty-five
years; pass upon the events of the victorious career
of that great power; and remember, whether in the
Eust or in the West—in Ana, in Africa, or in
Europe—that the whole career of that great
power durir.g ihe whole of those twenty-five years
was one of almo-t un"hecked victory and glory.
On the oee.in, there were the victories of
Trafalgar, and Copenhagen, and the Nile, to show
that wherever, in the seas of Europe, a British
fleet encountered her enemy, it wa-- to add new
splendor and lustre to the cross of St, George.
Follow her on land. It was not merely on the
plains of India—it was not merely where Welles-
ley led his countrymen to victory on the field of
Hindoo Assaye; but go to Europe, and they would
