CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i m
cbasers of land in the Greensborough (late St.
Helena) laud district: ordered to lie oo the table,
and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, asking for an
appropriation to carry into effect the law passed at
the last session, authorizing an ascertainment of
the damages done the property of Daniel M.
Hughes and others, by certain emigrating Creek
Indians; which, on motion of Mr. EVANS, was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a large nnmber of citizens of Franklin county,
Pa., asking Congress to repeal the bankrupt law;
which was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from
Brooklyn, and one from the city of New York,
asking Congress to adopt the exchequer plan rec-
ommended by the Executive; which was ordered
to lie on the table, where the bill on that subject
now lies.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Illinois, instructing the Sen-
ators and requesting the Representatives from that
State to vote for a bill refunding to General Jack-
son the fine and costs imposed on him by Judge
Hall, with interest ihereon: ordered to be piinted
and referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from in-
habitants of Cayuga county, New York, praying
that the law which authorized the issuing of boun-
ty lands to the widows of officers and soldiers of
the late war, and which expired in 1839, maybe
renewed and extended m juch manner as Congress
thinks proper: referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from B. Ad-
ams & Co., importing merchants of the ci'y of
Boston, asking the refunding ot duties which were
overpaid by them on goods imported under the act
of 1833: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition from Wm.
McPherson, who wax a seaman in the naval ser-
vice of the United States, asking a pension for cer-
tain injuries received in such service: referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial
from the commissioners of internal improvement
of the State of Michigan, praying an extension of
the time allowed by law fur laying down certain
railroad iron imported for the use of the railroads
in that Slate free of duty: referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from Ma-
ry Anne Boyd, widow of an officer who died in the
service of the United Slates, asking ihe continu-
ance of the pension which she heretofore received
under the naval pension law repealed at the laf-t
session; which was rcfened to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of Mary
Furber, the widow ot Pierce Power, for a pension;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. also repoited, from the fame committee,
a bill for the relief of Samuel Dicy; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading; and the
report accompanying it to be printed.
Mr. FULTON presented a petition from Jaincs
S. Conway, of Arkansas, praying to be released
from a certain judgment obtained against him by
the United Slates lor the recoveiy ol a balance of
money intruded to htm for disbursement, on hi-,
paying what he alleges justly to be due: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred the bill from the House
for the relief of the vestry and churchwardens of ihe
Protestant Episcopal Cnurch of Ihe parish of Si.
Philip, in Charleston, South Carolina, made a im-
port adverse to its passage; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
wjth a recommendation that it do pas^s, the House
bid entitled "An act for the relief of the legal iep-
resentatives of Alexander Macomb, Robert Jen-
nings, and the heirs and legal representatives of
James Roddy, as sureties of Samuel Charnplin, de-
ceased, a paymaster in the army of the United
States."
Also, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, th? bill
from the House for the relief of John P. Skinner.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
the Library, reported a joint resolution for the dis-
tribution of certain copies of the census return
and compendium^ of the sixth census; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. RIVES, the petition of John
Good, of Ohio county, Va., praying the payment
to him of certain damages sustained by the loca-
tion of the Cumberland road, was ordered to be
laken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, cn leave, introduced a
joint lesolution, authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to correct an error in the proposals, and to
contract anew for carrying the mail from Chicago
to St. Joseph's; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. BAYARD, on leave, introduced a bill to
regulate enlistments in the army, navy, and ma-
rine corps; which was read twice, and referred to
ihe Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Commitiee on the Judi-
ciary, reported back, without amendment, and with
a recommendation th it it de pass, the Hou.-e bill
to amend ihe act establishing a district court of the
United States at Wheeling, Va.
Mr. B. remarked that as a court was soon to be
held in Wheeling, it was desirable that the bill
should receive the sanction ol the Senate forthwith.
I-Ie asked that it might be considered then. There
being no objection, the bill was taken up, as ineom-
mittee ol the whole; and, after a few conversational
remarks by Me -srs. KING, CRITTENDEN, BER-
RIEN, and ARCHER, was reported to the Senate,
read the third time, and passed.
The following resolution, introduced heretofore
by Mr. Huntington, was taken up for consid-
eration:
Resolved, Thnt the Committee on the Post Oflicc ami Post
Riwda be iubU'uuhI lu in>|ime into Hie expedient.? ol so nixill-
lyiu* II,<■ ciiui" I.lwn, at? llial e.tdi Assistant Postmaster Oen-
cml shall l>o appointed tiy the I'lesideut, by and with the ,ul-
vice ami consent ol the ts^natii.
Al>;o, whether it be expedient to repeal or modify the l.nv
winch j'lohibus contractors tor the conveyance of ihe until
Irom cttnyinK, wiiluuu the consent ol tin: Posunas'er General,
newsj>.t|>ota other than those caiuetlin tho mail.
Mr. II. remarked, that the Assistant Postmasters
General were formerly designated by law as clerks
and assistants to the Postmaster General, and sub-
ject to appointment of the Postmaster General; but
by a subsequent law, they were designated Aisirt-
ant Postmasters General, and made impoitant
officers. Still, the power lo appoint those officers
wai left will) the Ptatmaster General. He tn?.n-
tained that their was no c;ood reason why these
a^istants, who lnd become, by Uw, important
( fficois, and exercised the power of dispensing the
patri'iiiigo of office—who welt?, by law, authorized
to exeieise all the powers pertaining 10 the office of
Ihe Postuiaiter Geneial hnn>ell', 111 case of the
di ath or resignation of that officer,—should be ex-
empt from the usual routine of appointment, (that
is, of nomination bv the President, and confirma-
tion by the   natr;) especially so, as unimportant
deputy postmasters, whose salaries exceed ^1,000,
are subjected to mat mode of appointment, tie
then dwelt at great length on the second branch of
the resolution, touching the subject of cairying
newspapers out of the mails in the u^-uat m-xil
conveyances, lie impre^ed on the Committee
on the Foot Office and Post Roads the im-
portance of 1'ic inquiry, whether it was light
th.it the inhabitants of ciu?s, and those living
on raf.id mad routes, should enjoy the privilege
of receiving papers without postage, when the
same privilege was not extended to ihose liv-
ing in ihe interior of the country, and could not
be from the necessity ol the case—the same facility
for thus carrying the papers not existing. He was
aware that the Postmaster General had the power
to grant the privilege to a contractor, at the time of
making the contract for carrying the mail, to ca'ry
papers out of the mail, provided no preference was
given thereby to the proprietor of one newspaper
over another in the same place. But such a dis-
cretion and power was not in accordance and con-
sonance with our institutions. It ought to be re-
pealed; not because it was abused, but because.lt
was liable to abuse. It gave the Postmaster Gen-
eial a great .power over the public press, because it
gave him the means of giving preference of one
newspaper over another; and the time might come,
when it would be used to subserve the purposes of
parly, and to promote its ends. The public inter-
est, he said, did hot demand that he should have
the power; it was anti-republican, liable to abuse,
and ought to be repealed.
The question was then put on the resolution, and
it was adopted. „ ,
The Senate bill (No. 40) for the relief of per-
sons heretofore residing within the supposed limits
of Arkansas and Louisiana, but by the late settle-
ment of the boundary lines thrown into the territo-
ry ot Texas, was taken up, as in committee of the
whole, for consideration.
Mr. BERRIEN, chairman of the'Committee on
the Judiciary, by whom the bill had been reported
to the Senate, explained that it was a bill of last
session, which did not reach the House of Repre-
sentatives in time to be acted upon. It provides
relief for a class of persons who wish to remove
into the United States wi:h their property, prefer-
ring to remain citizens of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not suppose any doubt
could exist of the right of such persons to remove
into the United Slates. They were citizens of the -
United States;, and had an undoubted right to do sp
without any new law on the subject.
Mr. McROBERTS concurred with the Senator
from Kentucky; and cited a caase in point, which
happened once between Virginia and Pennsylva-
nia, when Virginia cxerci.-ed territorial govern-
ment over the town of Washington, near Wheel-
ing, though it was subsequently found that the lo-
cation fell within the territory of Pennsylvania.
An issue was tried on the point, whether slaves
held by citizens of Virginia in that town were enti-
tled to their freedom in consequence of long residence
in it. And the supreme court of Kentucky, before
which the trial took place, decided that, although
the town was virtually m the State of Pennsylva-
nia, yet Virginia having exercised territorial gov-
einment over it without interruption from Pennsyl-
vania, the slaves were the property of their mas-
ters, and were not entitled to their freedom; that,
in fact, the masters were citizens of Virginia, and
entitled to all their privileges as such. He (Mr..
McR.) therefore thought this law unnecessary, as
the persons who resided within the supposed limits
of Arkansas and Louisiana, while under the terri-
torial government of tho.*e States, arc actual citi-
zens of the United States, and have a right to re-
move into the limits of the Slates with their proper-
ty, jiv-t the same as they would lave if the bound-
aiy line of Texas had been placed beyond them.
Mr. FULTON explained that, however un-
doubted their right might be, they might be
subjected to great wmoyanccs and expenses in
trying that, right; all of which could be avoided by
parsing this act, the object of which was to remove
all pretexts Tor difficulty.
Mr. CONRAD thought there ought lobe a slight
amendment. The bill authorizes those persons to
bring into the United States all their property.
Now, much of thispropeity may have been ac« .
quired since the boundary line Kas determined. It
may consist of cotton an! slaves since purchased,
and not entitled to be brought into ihe States by
any other citizens. He thought there should be
a limitation to cuchpropeity as they possessed at
the time tne boundary laic was determined.
Mr. SEVIER pointed out how injuriously and
unequally such a limitation would act. Female
slaves, having chiidren immediately after the set-
tlement of the boundary, or subsequently, would
be compelled to leave them in Texas, though
brought into the United States themselves. Prop-
erty transferred from one citizen to another since
that period, or received as inheritance, might be ex- /
eluded.
Mr. CONRAD had not thought of those diffi-"
culties; his mind was more immediately directed
