128
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to the introduction cf cotton, the produce of Texas.
But if the friends of the bill thought 110 danger of
abuse would arise, be should not press his amend-
ment.
Mr. BERRIEN assured the Senate ibat the
bill was very carefully considered by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and that it was sufficiently
guarded and confined to the objects and purposes
for which it was required.
Mr. ALLEN thought some amendment was
necessary to avoid an inference, which might be
drawn from the wording of the bill, that those
persons had ceased to be citizens by the act of this
Government, and that Congress was, in this law,
restoring their citizenship. He denied the power
of this Government to take away the right of citi-
zenship; and would not, therefore, fanction any-
thing which might seera to imply that the citizen-
ship of these persons was in the slightest degree
impaired or rendered doubtful by their being
thrown within the limits of Texas. To avoid any
construction of this nature, he proposed an amend-
ment, the necessity for which he explained at con-
siderable length.
A long discussion ensued as to the necessity for
any amendment; in which Messrs. ALLEN, BER-
RIEN, CRITTENDEN, KING, MOREHEAD,
McROBERTS, WOODBURY, and BAYARD,
took part; all concurring that the change of the
boundary line did not impair the citizenship ef those
persons, and that, therefore, without any new law,
they might return into any part of the United States,
fully entitled to the exercise of their citizpnship;
but some believing that the same immunity did not
extend to their property.
Mr. BAYARD suggested that, by changing a
word, the difficulty might be removed, it might
be expressed that thote persons "returning" into
the United States might bring in their property,
Ac.
Mr. ALLEN accepted this modification, and
made his amendment comform to the suggestion.
He called for the yeas and nay>; which were or-
dered.
The question on the amendment was ihen taken,
and derided in the negative—yeas 13, nays 25.
Mr. BERRIEN explained that the bill, without
any amendment, provided for the return of those
persons, with all their property, into the United
States, upon taking the course pomltd out by it,
of applying to the proper court lor the necessary
authority 10 remove ihe piopeity in conloirnity lo
law.
The bill was ihen reported back to the Senate
without amendment; and was ordered to he en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion of Mr. BERKIEN, it was agreed that
when the Senate adjourn, it should be to Monday
next.
On motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN, leave was
granted lo withdraw from the files the memorial
and papers of Win. Duvall.
A bill for the relief of the claimants of slaves
lost in the Comet and Encomium, at Nassau, New
Providence, arid paid for by the British Govern-
ment, was ihen taken up, as m committee of the
whole.
Inquiry berna made as to the na'.uie of the bill, by
Messrs CALHOUN and KING, it was explained
by Mr. GRAHAM that a balance of the indem-
nity paid by the British Govemmcni remained in
the treasury of Use Um'cd States; aiid that, of righ',
u belonged to the claimant;; but, owing to the man-
ner in which it had been kept hack, (which was
done to see whether any claims for insurance, &c.,
might spring up,) the money could not be r aid out
without a special law for the purpose. Thi-i act
was at the instance of the department; and merely
gave to the owners of the money the $7,965 which
remained of the indemnity paid into the treasury
for the claimants by Great Britain.
This explanation proving satisfactory, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third tiihe.
The Senate (bill No 38) repotted from the Com-
mittee on the Pon Office and Post Roads, for Ihe
relief of George P. Hill, postmaster of New
Orleans, was taken up, as in committee of the
whole, and explained by Mr. CONRAD. It ap-
peared by his statement, that ia 1841, in conse-
quence of the new regulations limiting the emolu-
ments of postmasters to $5,000 per annum, and in
consequence of greater expense to the postmaster
at New Orleans than other postmasters were sub-
ject to, an allowance of #800 was made to him by
the department to meet the excess of expense.
But the rent from boxes and commission did not
pay him the full salary and allowance—falling
short about $650. This bill was to authorize him
to refund himself that amount out of the box rents
of the office.
Messrs. TAPPAN and KING opposed the bill;
and before any question was taken on it.
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 6, 1843.
Mr. BIDLACK presented the petition of citi-
zens of nortl ern Pennsylvania, for the repeal of
the bankrupt law.
Mr. READ presented the petition of 384 citi-
zens of Bradford county, Pennsylvania, praying
for Ihe establishment of a mail route from Trc y
to Athens, in said county.
Also, the petition of sundry citizens of Bradford
and Susquehanna counties, praying for a mail
route from Montrose, in Susquehanna county, to
Athens, in Bradford county.
Mr. BIDLACK presented the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquiieinto the expediency of allowing apen-
sion to Catharine Uuod, widow of Jacob Good, ofPennsylvama.
Mr. WHITE oi Indiana presented ihe memo-
rial of sundry shipwrights of New York, in favor
of the erection of a dry duck at that place: refer-
red to the Committee on NavaJ Affair,?.
STEAM NAVIGATION.
- Mr. TRIPLETT submitted the following reso-
lution;
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury communicate
to tins House, as eayly as possible, the number of steamboats,
and their tonnage, employed on the Mississippi rivei, from Jan-
uary 1, 1841, to January 1, 3843, and then-probable cost or
valuejdndthe value of the cargoes transported in them; the
number of persons annually employed m navigating them, and
the number of persons conveyed as passengers in them for the
years aforesaid; the number and value o! the steamboats lost
or materially damaged meach of the said years, and the cause
of such loss 01 matenal injury, and the loss sustained by ihe
destruction or damage of the cargoes of such boats, with an
aggregate of the loss and damago ol boats and cargoes, distin-
guishing between those lost by the boats running on snags, bars,
and rocks, and those lost from other causes; also, the number
ot lives lost during the said time, making the same distinction.
Mr. FILLMORE requested Mr. T. to modify
his resolution, so as to include steamboats navi-
gating the lakes; which being assented to, the reso-
lution was adopted.
Mr. TALIAFERRO called for the orders of the
day, when
The SPEAKER announced that the regular
order of business would be the calling for the re-
ports of the standing committees.
The committees being called on, the following
reports were severally made.
WAR OFFICE.
Mr. STANLY, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred so much of the
President's message and accompanying docu-
ments as relates lo the army, reported the follow-
ing resolution:
Ile$olvcdK That the Committee on Public Buildings be in-
truded 10 report to the House of Representatives what amount
of appiopuauoj) is necessary for the erection ol ail additional
building foi the W*r Department, with a plan of said build-
ing.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of William
Faber; which was read twice, and, after being or-
dered to be engrossed, read the third time, ?nd
pasted.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported, wiihout amend-
ment, the bill from the Senate making compensa-
tion to pension agents; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
to which had been referred the bill from the Sen-
ate to continue the office of Commissioner of Pen-
sions, reported the same without amendment.
On motion by Mr. TALIAFERRO, the bill was
then carried through its diifeient stages, and
passed.
Mr. FORNANCE, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions, reported a bill granting pen-
sions lo certain widows of revolutionary soldiers;
which was read twice, and referred.
Mr. MORRIS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of James Gray; which
was read twice, and referred.
Mi. JAS. COOPER asked leave to submit the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the postmaster of the House he, and he
is hereby, instructed to furnish to the reporteis of the debates
in this House such a quantity of stationery as may be required
by them in reporting said debates, of which an aoc-ount shall he
kept.
Objection being made—
Mr. C. observed, that he understood, for the first
time this morning, that the reporters had been fur-
nishing their own stationery; and, as their reports
were necessary for the information of the public,
he thought the expense of their stationery at least
should be bcrne by the House. He, accordingly,
moved a suspension of the rules for the purpose of
receiving the resolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nay?, but they were not ordered; and,
On takinr the question, the motion was rejected.
Mr. GILMER gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish
certain subordinate offices in ihe General Land Of-
fice.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
The SPEAKER announced that the next busi-
ness in order would be the unfinished business of
yesterday, which was the resolution of ihe gentle-
man from New York, fMr. Bowne,] directing the
Committeeonthe Judiciary to reportabillto refund
the fine imposed on General Jackson at New
Orleans in 1815, by Judge Hall—the question pend-
ing being upon„the motion of Mr. Arnold to com-
mit the whole subject to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. ADAMS, who was emitted to the floor, and
as a preface to the remarks he was about to make,
submitted the following amendment:
"Strike out all after the word 'resolved,' and in-
sert—
"That the Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
has been referred that part of the message of the
President ef the United States at the commence-
ment of the session, which recommends the reim-
bursement of the fine imposed on General Jack-
son by the district court of the United States at
New Orleans, in March, 1815, be instructed to re-
port within days an amendment to be pro-
posed to the bill No. 503, now in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, which shall
make the bill conformable to the recommendation
of the President,' without designing any reflection
on the judicial tribunal which imposed Ihe fine.''
"And that the said committee do further report
their opinion, whether the declaration of martial
law by General Jackson, at New Orleans, was with-
in the competency of his official powers, by the laws
of war, without violation of the Constitution of (he
United States; and, if so, whether his imprisonment
of Dominick A. Hall, judge of the district court
of the United States, and his arrest and subjection of
Louis Louallier, a member of the Legislature of
the State of Louisiana, to a trial by a court mar-
tial, appointed by General Jackson himself, were
justifiable acts of martial law, and not an abusive
exercise of des-potic and arbitrary power.
"And also their opinion whether, by the pas-
sage of this act, according to the recommendation
in the message of the Presides, the sanction of Con-
gress will be given to the principle that those acts
of General Jackson belong to that class of cases in
which punishment may well be restrained within
that limit which 'asserts and maintains the au-
thority of the law, and the subjection of the mili-
tary to the civil power.' "
The SPEAKER decided that the amendmenj
was out of order, unless the gentleman from Ten-
