134
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tery territory. He alluded to the provision grant
ing lands to settlers, which he read from the bill.
To show in what respect this conflicted with the
treaty, he should first lake a review of the grounds
on which both countries lay claim to the territory,
and then the provisions of the adjustment by
treaty, which must govern the action of both.
Here Mr. C. made a clear and preeise statement
of the three grounds upon which the United States
Government sustains its title: first, of discovery by
Captain Gray of the mouth of the Columbia river,
and then by Lewis and Clark of its sources; next,
by its transferred right to the Spanish title to the
northwest coast; and, thirdly, to the transferred ti-
tleand claims of France, through its eitension of the
Louisiana territory. He also stated the grounds upon
■which England based her claims, which were two:
first, under the treaty with Spain, in 1790; and
next, with regard to the Columbia river, by pri-
ority of discovery of the country tributary to that
river. These conflicting claims had been the subject
of negotiation, and by the treaty of 1818 it was
agreed between Great Britain and the United Slates
that the territory should be open to the subjects of
Great Britain and citizens of the United States for
ten years. In 1827 the treaty was renewed, leav-
ing it optional with either country to discontinue Us
obligations upon giving the other a year's notice.
He pointed out that the British Government mere-
ly claimed for its subjects the equal right of settle-
ment and occupation of the territory with the citi-
zens of the United States; and the Government of
the United States insisted on its exclusive right
of occupation, settlement, and jurisdiction. He
also deduced, from the review of the whole case,
that any provision of this bill undertaking to se-
cure to a settler any part of land which he should
occupy for five years, would be in conflict with the
spirit and meaning of the treaty. For this reason,
and also for another reason—namely, that it might
be necessary to investigate whether the manner in
which it is proposed to extend jurisdiction over the
territory is reconcilable with the provisions of the
treaty, and the interpretation of it by the British
Government as exemplified in its acts of Parlia-
meat—he thought it desirable the bill should be
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary, or
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. LINN replied, acknowledging that theSen-
ta0r from South Carolina had correctly stated the
claims of the two Governments, and the position
ia which they stood wilh regard to the treaty of
18j8, renewed in 1827, and requuing one year's
no(ice of discontinuance. He denied, however,
tha t the Senator's deductions were corrsct—first,
that the promise of this bill to make a grant ot
lands to the settlers, was in conflict with the treat);
and, next, that there could be any question of the
right ot the United States to extend our jurifdic-
tion over our citizens residing in the territory. The
object of the bill was to encourage emigration, by
an assurance to those emigrating thai they should
have the benefit of the jurisdiction of our laws,
and the security of their settlements. Without
these encouragements, there would be no emigra-
tion of our citizens, and England would be left to
occupy the whole country, through the sgency of
her Hudson's Bay Compatsy. Through that agen-
cy, she was daily settling down her subjects—ta-
king possession of, and occupying for all practical
purposes, the choicest portions of the territory.
Through the same agency, she had extended to
those settlers the protection of the British laws.
We asked, by this bill, to do nothing more than
Great Britain had done. If she interpreted the
treaty to her advantage, we surely are entitled to
make use of her interpretation to our advantage,
But he did not want either the example or dicta-
tion of Great Britain in this matter. He took
ground upon the indefeasible right of the United
States to the territory, and to our indisputable right
to extend the jurisdiction of this Government to
our citizens within our territory.
Mr. CHOATE was sorry that hs was obliged to
concur with the Senator from South Carolina, that
there was one objection fatal to the provision in
the bill making a grant of lands to settlers. He
said sorry; because he was entirely favorable to the
bill itself, and approved of the objects and purposes
propoted by it. On due examination oi the exist-
ing treaty, he was constrained to say that, to grant
away, or to secure a settlement, (whichamoutited to
the same thing,) would be to exercife an ownership,
contrary to the spirit of ihe treaty, according to
which every portion of the territory is to be left
open to the citizens of both Governments. The
obligation not to exercise "exclusive jurisdic-
tion or ownership by either* party, was implied
in the obligation to leave the country free and
open to the mutual occupation and settle-
ment of Ihe citizens of both. There was nothing
in this view of the treaty conflicting with the ex-
tension of the British laws to the subjects of Great
Britain residing in the territory; nor would there be
m the extension of the jurisdiction of the Jaws of
the United States, in the same manner, over our
citizens residing there. There would be mu-
tual jurisdiction; but mutual occupation could not
be reconciled with an undertaking on our part to
secure locations to our settlers.
Mr. LINN observed, that Congress bad, at all
event*, made some progress in this matter. It was
now admitted in Congress that there may be mu-
tual occupation and jurisdiction, without cause of
offenee to Great Britain. As Great Britain had
extended her laws over the territory, so may we ex-
tend ours. As she had built ioris and made settle-
ments, i<o may we. She is either to set us the ex-
ample, or dictate to us what we may do. Now, he
would pay no regard to the dictation of Great Brit-
ain. He maintained our right to the territory over
vvhich we propose to extend our jurisdiction and
our population, and it was on this right he based
the present bill. There was nothing m it to con-
flict wilh any obligation of the United States.
Here Mr. L. extended his remarks, m reply to
portions of the obrervations made by the Senators
irom South Carolina and Massachusetts, only
glanced at above.
Mr. McROBERTS followed, in an argument of
much point, which showed the indisputable nature
of our claim to the territory, and. our unequivocal
right to pass a bill with the provisions which this
bill contains.
After a few remarks from Messrs. CHOATE
and HENDERSON,
Mr. BAYARD sutmilted an amendment, which
he thought would remove all difficulty. It was, in
effect, that the provision of a grant of lands, as ex-
pressed in the bill, should be changed so as to read,
that any person occupying a settlement m the ter-
ritory for live years should be entitled to a pre-
emption right, as against the United States, for 640
acres of land; and so for the share nf the wife of
a settler and e^ch child tor 160 acres.
Mr. CHOATE en£~e^ten that the amendment
might be primed, nnd the further consideration of
the bill postponed till to morrow.
It was also suggested that the amendment could
bp adopted by unanimous convent—which it would
require, as the bill was otherwise past the stage for
amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that, as the modifica-
tion proposed by the Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] required unanimous consent for its ad-
mi>sion into the bill, he, for one, must object to it;
because, it admitted, trie amendment would, in his
rmnd, be an admission of some doubt as to our
tide to ihe territory. He was not prepared to sane,
tion any thing that could bear that construction, be-
lieving that, the title of the United States was clear.
Mr C. desiied to say a few words funh«r; but, at
the suggestion of Mr, ARCHER, yielded the floor
to a motion for adjournment; wishing it, at the
same time, to be understood that he was not en-
titled to the floor, as he only wanted a few minutes
to express what he had to say.
0 i motion, the Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 9, 1843.
JMr. OLIVER presented a petition from 75 men
and 35 women, from Yates county, New York,
in favcr of a repeal of the present law in lefereoce
to a recapture of slaves, &c.
Mr. O. also presented a petition from New York,
of 75 men and 35 women, against the admission of
Texas into the Union.
Mr. BUBARD presented the petition of John
Dixon, for aa invalid pension; which was, under
the rule, referred to the appropriate committee.
Mr. HENRY DODGE presented the petition of
the citizens of the town of Madison, the seat of
government for the Territory of Wisconsin, ask-
ing Congress for an appropriation for a harbor at
the town of Milwaukie, in said Territory.
Also, the petition of the citizens of the town of
Jamesville, Rock connty, Territory of Wisconsin,
asking Congress for an appropriation for a harbor
at the mouth of Root river, town of Raciae, in said
Terr tory.
Also, a memorial from citizens of the town of
Racine, in the Territory of Wisconsin, asking Con-
gress for an appropriation for a harbor at that
town, on the western shore of Lake Michigan.
EXTRA PAY.
Mr. BRIGG3, by genera! consent, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered and
adopted :
JSe&oZtfec2,ThattheCommUtee on Accounts be Instructed to
allow the pay of all such members of this House as may have
been unavoidably detained on their way to the seat of Govern-
ment at the commencement of this session by the storms, and
closing of the rivers by ice, which occurred about that time;
or who were detained by being injured by accident; they hav-
ingleft their lespective places of abode a sufficient time to
hdve i cached the capital in time to have taken their seats on the
iirst day of the session.
IMPEACHMENT.
Mr. BOTTS desired to give notice to the House
that, to-morrow he should present for their con-
sideration the charges upon which he expected to
found an impeachment against the acting President
of the United States.,
Mr. ROOSEVELT presented a peti'ion from
sundry citizens of New York, on the subject of the
repeal of the bankrupt law; which was appropri-
ately referred.
PLAN OP THE EXCHEQUER.
Mr. FILLMORE, on leave, made a report from
the Committee of Ways and Means, on the plan of
an exchequer presented by the Secretary of the
Treasury, and recommended by the President of
the United States, concluding with the following
resolution, which Mr. F. said was unanimously
adopted:
Resolved, That ths plan of an exchequer presented to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury at the last session, and
entitled bill amendatory of the several acts establishing the
Treasury Department," ought not to be adopted.
Mr. ATBERTON afcked leave, and presented
t report on the same subject, from ihe minority of
the committee, concluding with the following amend-
ment, which ho said he was instructed by them to
offer:
And thai the Commuter of Ways and Means be instructed
to bring in a bi;l regulating the collection, safekeeping, trans-
fer, and disbursement of ihe public, money, in such a manner
as shrill, as far as possible, substitute provisions of law for ex-
ecutive discretion in the management of the finances, shall pre-
vent the moneys of the people from being used for purposes of
private speculation and emolument, and shall render the Gov.
ernmeijt independent of the agency and influence of moneyed
corporations.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was instructed by the
committee tc move the printing of the report, and
he would include in his motion the report and
amendment of ths minority. He would further
move >bat 10,000 copies of both reports be printed,
and that they be postponed to, and made the order
of the dav for, this day if-o weeks.
Mr. GUSHING "nderstocd this to be an
argumentative report from the Committee of Ways
and Means, containing nothing but a negative prop-
ctl'on, while the repo.t ci the minority pro-
p.i'esl some definite 3cii"aon the part of the House.
He therefore moved that the who'e subject be re-
fused to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of ihe Union, which already had a b'll before them
in relation lo it.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland wished to know
whether the Committee of Ways and Means in-
tended to bring forward any bi:l or plan this ses-
sion on the suhj°ct of the currency. He under-
stood this to he a negative proposition—that the
commit'ee weuld not bring forward the plan of the
Secretary of the Treasury; and he now wished to
know whether they intended to bring forward any
plan of their own.
Mr, FILLMORE observed that the gentleman
