136
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wan had complained that the Committee cf Ways
andMearre had presented this subject in a way
that would not result in legislation, and the honor-
able gentleman from Maryland [Mr. W. C. John-
son] took exception to the report on the same
ground. Now, what was the history of that ques-
tion before the House? for, by recurring to that,
they would see if there was weight in that objec-
tion. It was submitted to Congress at the com-
mencement of the last session, and the report, con-
taining the plan as recommended by the Executive,
was sent to a committee, a majority of whose
members were the avowed friends of the Execu-
tive. That committee, after holding the subject
under consideration until the middle of February,
made a report, accompanied by a bill as a substi-
tute for the plan recommended by the Executive
—a plan which had been prepared by a leading
member of the Cabinet, and of which a distin-
guished member of the Cabinet, in a speech at
Boston, avowed himself the advocate, and de-
clared that the plan submitted as a substitute for
the plan of the Executive was not worth a rush—
that it was not worth the parchment on which it
was written.
He then went on to remark that the subject of
the currency and finance was before ths House
and the country in every porsible phasis in which
it could be presented. There was no reason why
the House could not come to a vote. If any mem-
ber was in favor of the plan of the exchequer, it
■would be easy for him to move to strike out the
w«rd "not" in the resolution reported from the
Committee'of Ways and Means, and thus make it
declare that the plan is expedient. He should
like to see the individual who was prepared 10 vote
for it.
But the gentleman [Mr. Gushing] had said that
the committee had failed to discharge its whote
duty. What was that duty? Was it to report the
plan of the gentleman from Massachusetts'? Was
it to report a bank? No: it was made the specific
duty of the committee to report another particular
plan. The resolution of reference made it the duty
of the .Committee of Ways and Means to lake into
consideration such parts of the President's message
as treated of the currency, "including ihe exche-
quer plan and the tariff." The Committee of
Ways and Means of course had the whole subject
of finance under its charge; bat the exchequer and
the tariff were expressly referred to ir. The geu
tleman said that the committee should have re-
ported some affirmative plan. Were the commit-
tec authorized to report a bill which they did not
approve, in violation of' all parliamentary preceT
dent? According to the doctrine of the gentleman,
the committee were bound to report in favor ot the
Executive plan.
Mr. GUSHING rose to explain. He did not
say that the committee were bound to report in fa-
vor of the plan of the Executive, but that they
should have reported some bill.
Mr. FILLMORE resumed, and was understood
to insist upon the interpretation he had put upon
the remarks of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Cwhing.] He believed that the committee
had discharged its duty. If the House differed
from it, let the committee be instructed to report a
bill in a modified form. He (Mr. F.) had been
called out prematurely in this debate; and he de-
sired to state the fact to the House. Though he
had moved that the subject be postponed, and hoped
it would be, for the purpose of examination; yet he
would tell the gentleman from Massachusetts, who
appeared so desirous of having theqaesticn passed
upon, that, should thegentleman move to take up
the exchequer bill, he (Mr F.) would not oppose
the motion. The House had been spending weeks
in debating abstractions and political question*, in
which debate the gentleman himself led off. His
only desire, in wishing this report postponed a
week or two, was in order to give titne for its ex-
amination.
Mr. WISE said that the result of the reference
of the President's message to the Committee of
Ways and Means was precisely what he had anti
cipated and predicted. Indeed, when the motion
was first made to that effect, it was intimated by
tbe friends of the measure, (the exchequer,) that to
refer ihe message of ihe President to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means would be 110 more nor
less than "committers agnum lupo." It was referred
there simply to be destroyed—not to get some other
plan from that committee, but to get their verdict
of condemnation upon this one plan.
Bat what had the committee reported? A glance
through the preamble had enabled him to discover
some of the reasons on which they based their
resolution. The reason was, that for ten years
past the money power of the Government has
been in the hands of the Federal Executive.
The report said that it was now in the hands
of the Executive; that such a state of things was
dangerous; and that the Executive ought to be
stripped of it. Now, the Executive had recom-
mended' a plan, by which he would be stripped
of this power; and the Committee of Ways and
Means, instead of carrying out their correct
views, in which he (Mr. W.) agreed, contented
themselves with saying that the plan would not do.
There, their wisdom stopped. There, their patriot-
ism stopped. They merely said that one plan out
of a thousand was objectionable. But did the
committee say that no other plan should be adopted?
That the plan was so bad as to be unworthy of
repairs? Did the gentleman [Mr. Fillmore] say
that he could not report a creature of his own
brain, which would suit the wants of the country?
For some years past there seemed to be but two
alternatives—a bank of ihe United States and a
sub-treasury. This, however, was now contra-
dicted by the exhibition of the exchequer—a mid-
dle ground between the other two measures. The
gentleman said this would not do: why, then, did
he not give the House the model of a bank, which,
some sessions ago, was made to assume any Pro-
tean shape? Could not the pentleman report that
measure again? The fair and only construction of
his report was, that he wished to have "aut Catsar,
axtt nullus." Anything bnt a bank was unworthy
ol amendment or consideration! Did the gentle-
man weigh his words when he said that the exche-
quer could not be amended? What was the mean-
in s of amendment? Was not every proposition
capable of amendment? Was it not a common
mode of amendment to move to strike cut all after
the enacting clatne, and insert a wholly different
proposition? Did the gentleman mean to say that
the plan was so bad that it could not even be reme-
died in that form? Did he mean to say that he
could not strike out Ihe plan of Ihe Secretary of the
Tieasury, and insert one from the collective wis-
dom of the Committee of Ways and Means? Why
was nut a substitute reported?
Mr. FILLMORE said, if the gentleman desired
him to answer his question, he would say that a
substitute had already been reported by the friends
of ihe Executive, and was now before ihe House.
Mr. WISE said that the friends of the President
did not themselves consider the plan of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to be perfect, and reported
amendments to it Was he io understand the gen-
tleman as concurring in the amendments? No; the
gentleman did not agree to them. Thegentleman
did not concur in the plan of the Secretaiy of the
Treasury, or in the amendments to that plan by the
friends of the President. Why, then, did he not
report a better substitute? Tbe gentleman had no
answer to th/.t question! The answer was a con-
cealed one.
Mr. FILLMORE remarked that the majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means had twice
reported their plan to f.e House, but it was, on
both occasions, defeated by the Executive.
Mr. WISE said he had no.v go; the answer he
wanted. He would go befoie the people upon
it. A bank of She Untied States or nothing! He
was willing to ^o before a jury of the country
on this answer. Yes; the gentleman was willing to
let the President have ihe power of the purse, un-
less he could get his national bank! Though
tl'ere ".veieregulations for the organization of the
Treasury Department, yet the gentleman very
properly thought that something further should be
done to limit Executive discretion. When a plan
for that purpose was proposed, what was his an-
swer? A bank or nothing. There were no de-
grees—no gradations of policy or expediency.
Aut Omar aut nullas, was the gentleman's maxim.
He (Mr. W ) differed from his fiiend [Mr.
Coshing] as to the disposition to be made of tbis
report. He did not agree with him in wishing its
reference to the Committee of tbe Whole on tbe
state of the Union. He wanted it before the
House, to be decided by yeas and nays; and thus
see wheiher one party would say that it would take
nothing but the sub treasury, wh'dst the other de-
clared it must have a bank. He wished to see
whether these two parties would insist upon ex-
tremes, or no measure. He was willing to sus-
tain Ihe previous question, and ss ready to vote
now as he would be two weeks hence. When the
question should be taken, after the previous ques-
tion was sustained, he should vote with the minoti*
ty of the Committee of Ways and Means, who re-
ported an amendment to the resolution of the ma-
jority. He should vote for the resolution of the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ather-
ton;] and he would ask the Clerk to read it aloud,
for the information of the House.
[The resolution was read accordingly.]
The majority of the committee undertook to say
that the plan of the Secretary of the Treasury
should not be adopted. The minority did not
choose to t'cp here; but wisely went further. They
wished the majority to prescribe rules to the Ex-
ecutive foi xdr.iinisterir.g the finances of the coun-
try. In the first place, they said some plan (they
did not sAy what) should be adopted to strip tbe
Executive of his power over the purse of the coun-
try. In this, they concurred with the majority, and
with htraselt, that the Executive should be deprived
of hi.i pres'Ct discretion. In the second place, he
concurred with the minority, that the public offi-
ccis should not be allowed to use ihe money of tbe
Government,
Mr. -ATHERTON s.'id the minority went fur-
ther. They were in favor of prohibiting all per-
sons whatsoever fiom uring the publia.money.
Mr. WISE said he went the full length with the
gentleman. He would allow non'-' the privilege of
trading upon the public money. In the third place,
the minority said thai they would separate the Gov-
ernment from all moneyed corporations. He (Mr.
W.) would go that, too, He went for the doctrine
in its full extent. Now, all three of these doc-
trines which he had lumed were asserted by the
plan of the friend.5 of thp President. He should
vote for the amendment of the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Athkhton,] although he
preferred, instead o' instructing the Committee of
Ways and Means—which had already said it would
not concur in any plan but that of a bank, which
had been twice presented, and which they knew
could not be adopted—'hat the report and resolu-
tion should be referred to the Committee of Ihe
Whole on the slate of the Union. When in that
committee, there would be found a bill fully an-
swering in its character to the instructions pro-
posed. He was anxious to go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole to vindicate this measure, to ex-
hibit all its details line by line, and to show that it
comported with the instructions reported from the
mmority of the Committee of Ways and Means.
He wished in show that it guarded the public
funds; that it separated the Government from
moneyed corporation--; that it devised a system of
law for the regulation of our finances; and that it in
ali respects agreed with tbe true Democratic
theorleu o." the pirscnt day and of the past time.
He would show that the modification of the sub-
tie'.sury, proposed by the leading periodical of
the Democratic partv, wou'd render it such as that
it w'ouk! agree with the exchequer. Tbe only
difference btt*een ihem was this: The sub-treasury
provided two currencies—-one for the Government,
and die other 1\ r the ,ieopie; whilst ihe exchequer
provided the same currency fir both. He begged
tfca' the Bous': ra-ght, at an early day, go into
committee on this measure, and let a vote be taken,
flo beggt-d this Oongren not to go away without
settling the question. He warned both of the po-
litical parties that ii was not their policy to leave
;t unsettled. It was too much the policy of the lead-
ers of both to keep it open. They seemed disposed
to go before the country with the maxim aut
