CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1JT
Cmaraut mllus—with extreme measures—and re-
solved not to lake any middle ground. If they
should continue to pursue (his policy, he ventured
to predict that both would be defeated, and that
that party which bad been most instrumental in
keeping this question open would suffer most from
the indignation of a suffering people.
Mr. GRANGER observed that the gentleman
from "Virginia who had just taken his seat [Mr.
Wise] remarked that this question had met the
fate he supposed it would meet, when the reference
of it was made to the Committee of Ways and
Means. He (Mr. G) would go further, and say,
that it had met the fate he desired that it should
meet, when he gave his vote for that reference.
Notwithstanding all that the newspaper scribblers
had said on this subject—notwithstanding all the
efforts that had been made to manufacture public
opinion here—notwithstanding the first and second
Executive recommendations of this plan, he had
declared elsewhere, and he now declared here, that
there never was a time, from the mom?nt that that
plan was presented to this, when any mem-
ber of either House of Congress was prepared to
record his vote in its favor. We now (^aid Mr. G.)
have that plan before us; and where is the flutter-
ing? Do we (said he) charge it to those who have
been chargcd with delaying the public business by
useless and factious declamations? No. No sooner
was the report presented from the Committee of
Ways and Means, than the honorable gentleman
from Massachusetts, not having his cue, thought
that the interests of the Administration required
that the child should be strangled. He hardly
thought the interests of the White House, when
an opportunity was presented for the iepre;enta-
tives of the people to vote oil this favorite child of
(he Executive, which had been committed to the
wolf—hisftiend from New York [Mr. Fillmore] ~
were best consulted by strangling it, as the gentle-
man seemed to wish. No sooner was the proposi
lion presented, than the gentleman from Massachu-
setts (one of the friends of the Executive) rose to
see whether it coald not be boiled down and frit-
tered away in Ihe grand caldron of the Commit-
tee of the Whole. It was not his purpose now to
say anything in relation to this plan of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. It was enough for him ziow
to say that he looked upon it to be a monstrous
shoot of a Government bank engrafted upon rhe
plan of the sub-treasury. We have heard some-
thing (said Mr. G ) of the history of this plan,
in the House and out of doors. The gentleman
firm Virginia [(Mr. Wish] tpoke of the lamb's hav-
ing been committed to the wolf; and let us then see
(continued Mr. G.,) who has treated this pet lamb
most kindly—the wolves to whom it had been com-
mitted, rr Ihe nurses whose peculiar charge it was.
Let us see who has given it the most nourishment,
who has been the most prepared to receive it into
the folds, or turn it out to the wolves. This pet lamb
—this darling of the Executive (ivho, although
a year older than when they first saw it, seemed
not to be as large as it then was,) was sent to a
select committee on the 14th day of December:
and what did they do? It was sent properly to a
committee, within which was comprised every
avowed friend of the Executive on that floor; and
it was due to the Executive and to them that such
a reference should be made. What was its fate?
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts—
who was in the habit of every now and then read-
ing the House a lccture on the delay of ihe public
business—could not bring forward his proposition
till the l^t of February, when this pet lamb was
presented, and (good heavens) how little it looked !
Having received this bill m the committee, and
being head of the guard, the gentleman felt as if he
could do with it as he pleaded; and, after having it
nine weeks in his possession, he brought it bark in
such a shape that nobody could have supposed that
it was the one that was committed to him. If it
had been turned out in the east room, the Presi-
dent himself would not have known it. Its
tail was cut cfl, its ears slit, and every
member of the committee seemed to have put
his private mark upon it. It was then brought
into the House, arid they tried (said Mr. G.)
to pall its wool over our eyes. [Laughter.]
When this plan first came from the Executive,
there was a great anxiety manifested in the public
mind in relation to it; and, therefore, it was ex-
pected that the committee would have given it a
chance of being brought before the House, and
considered by it. Bat what next? Why, the report
of the gentleman from Massachusetts came in,
and nothing was heard of the plan of the Execu-
tive. On the contrary, nothing was heard of but
the splendid plan of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and the magnificent report accompanying it. We
waited (said Mr. G.) a little longer; and what
next? The honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Tallmadoe] presented a plan, which was ex-
tolled to the skies; while that of the Executive, as
well as of the select committee, was fergotlen.
He would add a single word in reply to the com-
plaints that had been made of the Committee of
Ways and Means for not reporting a bill. What
was the proposition of the committee? Why, that
the members of that Houte should be called on,
like men, to record their votes, ay or no, for the
proposition presented by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and recommended to their favorable considera-
tion by the Executive. Did that bar the legisla-
tion of the House? Certainly not. Suppose the
honorable chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means had reported a bill. If he had, he
(Mr. G.) must be permitted to say thai the busi-
ness of the country would not have been forwarded
by it. It would have come in behind the bill of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the bill of the hon-
orable gentleman from Massachusetts; and thus
not probably be reached this session.
Mr. G. said that, if this plan <f the Executive
was the Democratic Republican plan for keeping
the public money that it was represented lo be, be
wished every gentleman there to have an opportu-
nity of recording his vole upon it. He had voted
against the sub-treasury; and he wanted now to
have an opportunity of recording his vote against
thK exchequer plan, which he considered emphati-
cally a sub treasury, with a most powerful Gov-
ernment bank engraftei upon it. Me would net
say thus much of the plan of the gentleman from
Massachusetts. He looked upon it as one of t?e
mcst harmless machines he ever saw; though the
one of the Executive was the most powerful, dan-
gerous, and pernicious agent that any Govern-
ment could be possessed of, controlling all the
commercc of the country, and bringing ali its
business within the influence of the Executive.
Mr. G., in conclusion, said he rose merely to
say that if the gentleman from Virginia had seen
the result he cxpected when the reference of this
subject was reads to the Committee of Ways and
Means, he had seen the result he desired when
he gave it his vote. When the resolution reported
by ihe committee came up, he hoped that, if there
was any gentleman here who favored the plan of
itic Executive, he would move to strike out the
the word "not," so as to get, a direct vote for or
against it. If no such motion should be made, he
would then conclude that there was not a single
member present who was in favor of the plan.
Mr. J. R. 1NGERSOLL, a member of the Com-
mitiee of Ways and Means, supported the motion
of the gentleman from New York, and defended
the report of the committee, contending that they
had obeyed the order of the House in presenting
the report they did. Had the committee reported
a bill, as the gentleman from Massachusetts ar-
gued that they should, the business of the House
would not have been forwarded by it; for it
would have to take i s place on the calendar be-
hind the bill ot the Select Committee, and he did
not know but a dozen other proposi'iom on the
the same subject. He believed that the country
wanted action, not abstract reports; and therefore
he thought it best to let the House take up and act
on such of these propositions as the majority pre
(erred. The committee, in his opinion, took the
best coarse in reporting only on the plan commit-
ted to them. The country bad a right to have the
question decided whether the plan of the Executive
was or was not lo receive the favorable considera-
tion of Congress. We desire (said Mr. I.) to
have this question passed upon; and there seems to
be no opposition to there being an immediate de-
cision on it, but from the friends of the Executive.
Mr. TURNEY said thly met there, at the extra
session, when the Whig party had an overwhelm-
ing majority in both branches of Congress, and an
Executive of their own choosing, and they com-
menced operations to pass a system of measures;
and yet, at this late day, it seemed to be doubtful
who was to blame for the. present state of things,
and for substituting the pocket of the President for
a responsible treasury, in which to deposite and
safely keep the public moneys1 Some years ago,
it was deemed a most odious proceeding, when
General Jackson removed the deposites; and he
was loudly denounced for it by the Whig party:
but now they had themselves removed the public
moneys from the security of the independent treas-
ury to the pocket of the President. And who was
blameable for it? It was said, by the friends of
the President, that he was not chargeable with it;
and how, then, was he to understand it? •
Befor" the President approved the bill repealing
the sub-treasury, that House had reported a bill by
one of its committees, and was acting on that plan,
to establish a bank of the United Stales. The
President knew this when he signed that bill; and
had he, or had be not, made up his mind at that
time? for he knew that a national bank was intend-
ed to be a substitute for the sub-treasury. Or did he
intend (hat his own pocket should bs the depository
for the public moneys? The President chose to
approve the bill repealing the sub-treasury, and
thereby releaied the public money from the control
of law, and placed it in his own pock.'t. He (Mr.
T ) therefore held that the President chose his own
individual pocket in preference to any fiscality.
And how stood the Vhig party on that floor in re-
lation to that subjcct? They voted to repeal the
sub-treasury, and thereby placed the public money
in the packet of the President for sa<ekeeping.
And what propositions had they now? Why, they
had the exehrqut.r recommended by the President
of the United States; but, it was s?id, that the
proposition would not receive the sanction of the
House. They had also the proposition of the se-
lect committee of ihe last session. The Whig
party, having a majority in that House, bad pro-
posed a bank of the United States as their first
choice. Well, that could not receive the sanction
of the President of the United States, and there-
lore could not become law. The Whig party, then,
would be forced lo choose between two proposi-
tions; and they must take either the sub-treasury
which had been reported by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, or allow the public moneys to
remain in the pocket of the President. But what
did the Whig party say of the character of the
President? 7h.it he was honect? That he had
one drop of patriotic blood in h>s veins? No; not
one. But, on', he contrary, the whole Whig party
said that this evil President ought not to be trusted
by the people of the United States. Why, they de-
nounced him as a traitor, who had sold himself and
sacrificed his country on ihe altar of individual
aggrandizement—that he was as base as base could
be. That was the cnaracter given of the
Whig President by the Whig party on that
floor. And yet what were they about to do ?
They could not establish tS.eir favorite system—a
bank of the United States; but they had the choice,
either to leave the money in the pocket of this base
individual; or lo take the sub-treasury, odious as it
might be to them. And which did they prefer?
If tfcev preferred ihe ptcket of the President
of the United States, they gave the lie to ail they
had said of the charscer of John Tyler, and pro-
nounced that they did not themselves believe what
they said. John Tyler was the Whig choice, base
man or no'; and whether he remained so, he (Mr.
T.) would leave Ihe country to judge by what now
occurred Did she Wh'gs then choose to keep the
public money in the pocket of John Tyler as their
secor.d choice? Their firct choice was a United
Slates bank; and, lading in that, did they deem the
pocket of John Tyler, without restraint or control of
law, the best possible plan? The Whigs had now
Ihe opportunity to speak out, and say whether they
would have the sub-treasury, or the pocket of
John Tyler—believing him to be, as they asserted, a
