138
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
baseand corruptman. It «asev,dent they must take
one or the other boraof the dilemma. Tnough
k frf fUry T88/0'lheif ''a f>"«e scheme, yet
, e '^e danger to which the other was
apfwh^K8 itUSe?rem"mberit wasthfi.r own
the' monp,P-'rod,uced ,hlii slate ot things. They pat
men?™! "ft P0Cket of Johft Ty'« for disburse-
heeDittherp"n)h h°g'iand WHuld ll>ey prefer to
thri r, in ifn ^ knew, by two vetoes, that
they coti d not have a Untied States bank? They
we^p'nn™ 'hemselves in this difficulty, and they
means nf f0ttlPelied 10 adopt the sub-treasury as a
" = I plIlg lhe Publ!0 nicney-a plan by
nose- nf USB °* IJle Pu!)iic money for the pur-
c° opuon was p,evented; or they must
had «§0i tCl American people (hit all they
Mt tk 116 ba'eness tf John Ty|er wss whol|y
alse. That was bis (Mr. T.'s) view of the qoes-
InL rL11 WSS P,e£en!ed 10 the Hocsc; and he
madp 0tK C°e Klember 0f lhe Hocte wh,i had n°t
^wfions ,m,md UP°  > aad !,pon ad the other
ter of thst^ICa WCre mvolved '1 .he subjeci-mat-
fLp , d^"«ion. John Tyler was the Wfl.g
nil nn.««p fi Was made a!!d crea'ed by (hem, for
Fhem tv, k-e'r own> and he was betur known :o
mHli/rw rh'rf (Mr-TnaKEy.) John Tyler was
whom h Ce' Dorlhe choice of those
rnit fai h !,eSeI" °n !ba' flu0'i ,ci' h«d
When r "i f' n0r coul(i the5' comprehend him.
nh« ? I ?Sra removed the deposites,' he was
charged wuh violating the Constitution, and Mr. Ty-
-rXrlT 2f ,'T wb0 heid that doc,""«; b <
Tyler now held that a bank vL the United Stages
T ^?n„^nSt,,U.UOn^- H0W' c ,iik! G--nonU
Jackson be guilty of a violation of the Constintion,
roV«,!f<!V1118,'hedfpPSl!Ps/f0m an.lleealaaj un-
fea ve ?h° "?f,ulU!ltnJ He (Mr. T.) would
reoILd H « V™ °''eu to Ermine. He
nnr nf h 1i'lerwa« favoriu-Oi h,S
ouoh, T^: Lw he fcas (he e (or
hfm uhpw h .lils^hig P'  y, for they placcd
but as if l ,C '% quarrelled, it was true;
them to ! Hi' >a l]y ^"arrei, h<; would leave
to settle it amongst themselves.
Darn-' ?nT T ar< 10 build up a third
of bmhnt ander,®hai "aw-? The moderate men
some tL- I6J* ^r*®rc was an attempt made
eg°' Wk"n Jae!Se VVh '- a no
or other nfT- ^ T'} Wl!i ^
was r-'pKi* !Vea' P:atles (,f 'be country
thirH if 1 CCujcj iioi comprehend how a
men nfT'f K'?"S '° bP wo.le.ato
wef Lr f"?1 Who were ifcry? There
they were Ultra ' a, ;-UD-treasury; and
Poiiw n«f Therer. re, :},is moderate patty
the l b \°ruW"a lhe'n- 7ben lb^!~ we-e
the bank Whig-.; £Ed they were ultra, Tfc 
inoderaie men could ,.ot, therefore, go with
between "the 6fw'o—a ^ ««
But what was T^hqaure.:cch"cqe::;
0dinT,eS, reP°ned!hat which were more
rrnf.pH Q, th^n aQ old f^bioned bank of the
tion f; tnd hS feU elalefa! lhat t!-at q'«-
°®f!" broua!s! forward, for he wished to
«f,U g3 pUt tneir namfs ca record in ocpo-
MUon to it, as some gaor.nn-y that the inten-st- nf
•ii-hitm*0 IyJere- J10!1 10 ('eSiroyed by such in-
on ihot8' ® wlbj,eoiej lfle tVhijjs CLinmiited
oil that quest'on; for r,« had leered that ie litig
themselves tumbling to pieces. the>; would all
V?me ?-0Cn p''ar'< romprom!>e wth
SmnP t' yJer"> Gai>tdin •"yi'-f « es cer.-amly eo
Democrat, tor sie rreiene-i t;.s r^civet i-i s siih.
Bnf uy' ThiCh w',SSQariJed by legal pnni^-hments.
B«c the other party said be was no Wh'f, bec-ute
he would not sanction a United Bank.' If
lhens he was neither Whig nor Democr?t. he wos
certainly not ie& moderate of both najfi s"
He LhereL°'e' b® raii!ed roDnd i>y them.
' T,) 'b°ught it was 'jceedingly difficult
to de8ne a moderate man of both par!ies-a man
who sometimes went W1th the Federalists, and
, meiim.es TUu lne era- , t u£ who, at all
time?, abused ihem both.
Thus, then, it was s!tempted to baild up a third
P«rty. But the war which had sprung up in the
ig party did not &i ali affect the democratic
prmctp.e. It did not touch the tub-treasury. They
had been told by the Whig jarly that the times
were bard and oppiessive; and ihai the prosperity
of the country, and high prices, and public confi-
dence must b.i restored by the repeal of the sub-
treasury. They had repealed it; they had destroy-
ed the Demociatie policy: and had the? raised ttie
price of produce? had they increased the reward of
labor? had they restored confidence m ttie commu-
nity? had they done anything toward-the accom-
plishment of their promises made in the late cam-
paign? They had repealed the sub-treasury the
moment they got inio power, but their other prom-
ises weie unredeemed; and he could not acquit
Captain Tyler, p.nd a great class of the Whig pa."-
ty, tor repealing that Uw, before some sutsiitute
was provided for it. John Tylei knew that the re-
peal would throw the money into his own pocket,
without the restraint ol law; and the Whig party
had allowed it to remain there, without having
made any great attempts to remove it elsewhere,
where it coud be pre tccted bylaw. Wo w he whhed
the Whigs to say in what attitude they stood
before the country. Let them look back to iheir
own speeches at the time when General Jackson
removed the deposites, and then say how they
could now allow the public monev to regain in
the pocket of a man whom thev say they believe to
be both base and corrupt. He (Mr. T ) believed
the Whig parly would say that John Tyler was by
far more base and more corrupt than they had ever
fsid General Jacks-on was; and yet thc-v p«rmitted
him to retain ths public money in his pocket. They
would not go for the exchequer; they would not
sc.:ept the sub-treasury, which they knew they
could pjtss, and thereby guard the money by !«gal
s-ifi guards; and did they no', thereior , make the
admission that they preferred the pocket of the
ba-'e and corrupt Pre:iden! to any ether placo ex-
cept the bank, which they knew they could not ob-
tain? For himself, he should vo'e for the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from New Hampshire; and if
the House did not adopt that proposition, he should
consider it to be :;n admission ot a preference of
John 1\let's pocket (whence the money might be
taken for corrupt and dangerous purposes) to a
system restrained ?nd governed by law.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina did not
ri^e for the pi:rp(Ke of discti-smg the exchequer
prijet, l.if.re than once recommended by the Presi-
dent, r.nd now reported upon unfavorably by the
Committee of Ways and Means further than to
ssy th-it, m hi> opinion, :i was by no means lhe
most pr-posterou* proposition that has been sub-
mitted to the cou-idetaiion of the American peo-
since questions connected wuh the currency
aaveoccupiedio much of th:iratieutioa. Kvtnifits
merrs could be <;emonsira;cd, it would probably
nave but little prospec' ot success in a Curgreis, al-
moc> every member of which is pledged, by bis
previous course, to some other proposr.ion. He
had merely risen wiih the intention (without enter-
ing into the discussion at Irngtb) of indicating to
his constituents ihe course which he should proba-
bly hereafter pursue in connexion n-fh subjects of
this ehaiacter.
Mr. C., as his speeches sufficiency testified, had
been always iavorab'e to a separation of the Gov-
eimnent funds from the u;es of banks; but. when
that prop-sition, so correct m principle, had been
connected wilb another, requiting the public dues
to be collected exclusively in spec e, he had inva-
riably voted sgains-t it—believing tha' such a re-
quirement was c.Jculated to increase the pressure
on ihe commerce of the country, already almost
'oo gre^t to be boroe.
Since that question, however, was k-J a,eiiaicd
in Congress, a change has occuired. Bank circu-
lation. without any oppression on the part of the
Government, has gone on gradually decreasing,
until, iu many of the States, the circulation is re-
duced below the specie actually in their vaults.
UndT ihese circumstances, Mr C. believed that
the separation of the Government funds Irom the
business (f trade, even if connected with the re-
quirement of specie, or Government ciedits, ex-
clusively, in payment of the public dues, would
now be accomplished, without producing a shcck
upon the commerce and industry of the country.
He bad made theie remarks, not because he ex-
pected, during the existence of the present Con-
gress, lo change bis vote in relation to this subject;
lor having been elected by his constituents with a
knowledge of his previous eourse, he would scarce-
ly feel himself at liberty to do so. But he wished
to indicate to them, by ihe remarks he bad submit-
ted, that in the event of being returned to the. next
Congress, he would, unless a change occurred in
our monetary affairs, probably act wtth the Demo-
cratic party en this subject, as be had upon most
others.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and inquired what would
be the effect of a motion to lay the subject before
the House upon the table.
The SPEAKER replied that the effect would be,
that a vote of two-thirds would be required to take
it U3.
Mr. FILLMORE declined to make any motion.
Mr. THOMAS F. MARSHALL next obtained
(he floor, ainid. many competitors, and addressed
the House at large. He desired to take this op-
portunity of saying that, tri the action of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, (of which committee
he was a member,) he entirely and heartily con-
curred. He would also remark, that his concur-
rence with the Committee of Ways and Means on
this subject, and the vote he should give upon the
exchequer—a vote which he hoped would be that
of an overwhelming majority of the House—did not
result, in any manner, from the source whence the
proposition had emanated. If he could be induced,
by any motive, to look upon the exchequer with a
favorable eye, after the endorsement it had re-
ceived, ihe open avowal that it met with the en-
tire approbation of the American Sectetary of
State would have afforded hits '.ha; motive and in-
durement. [Profound attention m all parts of the
hall.] There was no man—he made the propo-
sition broadly, and without exception—in whom,
on subjects of this nature, twelve months ago, be
felt so profound a confidence as the American
Secretary of Sla^e. He was not one of those—
and he wished to let it be known, let censure come
upon him, as heretofore, from wh .t quarter it
might—who denounced the Secretary of State be-
cause he chose to remain connected with the Cab-
met when the remaining members saw fit to retire,
lie refused then to censure the Secretary for re-
mining at his post. He refused now. It was a
question, as Mr. Webster remarked, involving his
own honor, ar.d which, therefore, nrght be left to
his own decision. He (f/Ir. m.) found nothing on
which to rest a censure. The American Secretary
said that he had teen looked to, oa account of his
supposed knowledge of the subject of finance by
the President elect, as one who would be a fit per-
son to be placed at the head of the Treasury De-
partment; and, from the knowledge which he had
often displayed in ihis Capitol and elsewhere on
such subjecis, he (Mr. M ) should have said that
there could nut be a mors competent judge than
the Secretary of Siale.
It had !ee?n thirteen years since he first put his
foot in the Canitol of the United Slates. It was in
February, 1830, that he, for the first time, put his
loot in the Senate chamber; and when he entered
the lobby of the Senate, ihe floor was occupied by
the Senator from Massachusetts, upon a question
growing out of what were called and known as
the Foot resolu'ions. He thought then, and now,
ihat he had never seen such a man as he then saw.
He had just come irorn the Virginia con vention,
where all the greatness of Virginia was assembled
—where there were three generations of men, con-
stituting ihe choicest spirits of the Old Dominion.
He heard thc-m all. Still, the yearning desire
which he had so early formed, to look upon what
he considered a great man in all respects, bad not
been gratified. But when he entered the lobby of
the Senate chamber, and heard the Massachusetts
Senator speaking upon a subject involving the
true nature and genius of out institutions, and dis-
cussing the question then before the Senate with
one of ihe most brilliant sons of the South, [Mr.
Hayne,] he thought that he hc.d, /or once, looked
upon a great man, m ail parts and in all respects.
After hearing thatspetch, the impression of which
cnuld never fade from bio memory, he gat Mr.
Webster's books, He searched for every scrap
