CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13$
which had ever fallen from him, and Mr. Web-
ster's works were his vade mecum. Such was his
enthusiastic admiration of the man and his produc-
tions, thai for years he slept with his speeches un-
der his head. He studied them over and over;
and if God had vouchsafed to him any of that
faculty by which one man could unders and the
views ot another, he bad it from him. If he had
not mistaken the whole principles of philosophy,
currency, finance, and the political organization of
this Government, as laid down m those works—if
he bad searched those woiks truly—all which con-
demned those principles was to be found in the
proposition for an exchequer.
A Government bank, with a State rights feature
incorporated in it, emanat.ng from Daniel Web-
ster ! He (Mr. M.) had seen and heard strange
things since he bad been a member here; but this
was the strangest of all -things he had ever been
called on to witness ! If the great Senator from
Massachusetts, appointed Secretary ot State by the
Sate President (for whom all Whigs voted) to con-
duct the delicate and difficult negotiations apper-
taining to that portion of the Union whence he
came, and whose confidence he enjoyed, cht>se to
remain connected with the Cabinet in order to dis-
charge the duty assigned to him, he (Mr. M ) ad-
mired the firmness which induced him to remain
and serve his country, in spite of the denunciations
hurled against him. If the great Senator—and
he preferred to call him so, because it was in that
character in which he first beheld him—chose to treat
with scorn and contempt those who, laying it
down as the law that the Cabinet should be dis-
solved in toto, hurled themselves against him for
maintaining his post and discharging his duty, not
as the retainer of any man, but with a single eye
to the obligations due to his country, he (Mr. M.)
would be the last to denounce him, let orders to
that effect come Irom what quarter they might.
He well knew what it was to receive orders, and
to have the party scourge laid upon his tree back.
He admired the man who had the firmness to re-
sist those orders;—but more of that hereafter.
The Secretary of State, in his late speech, said
(and some thought sarcastically) that the motives
of public men should be presumed 10 be pure. He
(Mr. M.) would be the last person ever to presume
impurity of motive against the Secretary of State.
He had charged no man: he now meant to charge
no man. It was no invention or argument, of his
own that he brought before the House. If his
principles were wrong, the Sfcretary of State had
taught them to him. On him, therefore, let the
blame rest. It the ideas he advocated were "obso-
lete," the Secretary of State taught him what was
obsolete.
By the exchequer, the Government was made to
Segislate under favor of the States' permission.
You are to pass a law, which is to be a law, or not,
according to whether it *hsll be permitted by Slate
sovereignties! Here was to be a Government
bank, under political direction, trading upon the
revenues of the country, and ten millions besides,
with a State-rights principle incorpoiated! Such a
measure as> bad never been heard of before ! He
could never go for it. Give him the law of 1789,
under which the operations of the Treasury De-
partment were now conducted—give him the sub-
treasury—give him everything else, piled up on
one another, rather than this exchequer.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise J taunt-
ed the Committee of Wajs and Means because
ibey did not report a substitute tor the exchequer.
Wby should they have done otherwise than pursue
the course they took? Had ihe gentleman forgot-
ten what be (Mr. M.) beaulbini say (and the gen-
tleman would pardon him for declaring that he al-
ways listened to everything which fell from his lips
with the utmost attention) when he told the House
that the Whig party, which once had so much life,
that he would as soon think of stiiking a woman,
or kicking a corpse, as of raiaeking it? Lion-like,
he turned off from the insignificance of the object.
After a few more remarks in this behalf,
not distinctly heard, he proceeded as follows:
"We have you hung up—suspenditur per col-
km—between heaven and earth, and fit for
neither;" and I made bold to ask the gentleman
which of the two schemes was the scheme of the |
President; when 1 was answered by him that it ■
was that of the Secretary of State. Now, if this
were true—if the gentleman had authority to speak.
on this subject, and tell this Congress, after the ex-
perience he had gained of the strong nature of this
"fixed fact in the ConstitutiQn," that this proposi-
tion, and no other, would ba taken,—why, Mr.
M. would ask, should the Committee of Ways
and Means be expected to report any othei?
Mr. WISE said the gentleman was mistaken
when he said that be had authority to speak for
the Executive on that floor.
Mr. M took it for granted that the gentleman was
acquainted - with the designs of the Executive
on this subject of the treasury. He had heard
him say that he might be waked up at any hour of
theni?ht, and he would tell at once what John Ty-
ler would do in regard to a bank of the United
States. He had also heard htm say to the Whig
party that they should have this measure, and r.o
other. Surely, the gentleman did not mean to say
that his word was law to the House. He did not
refer to his own power, when he spoke in that au-
thoritative tone. Knowing the stubborn nature of
the veto—and, by-the-by, he approved of that pow-
er in the Constitution—he could, of course, only
suppose that he referred to the action of the Ex-
ecutive, and spoke by authority. But why should
the Committee of Ways and Means report any-
thing else? To get anoiher veto? Did the gentle-
man wish lo place the Congress of the United
Stales again in this predicament? Who did not
remember the charges made against the Whig
party at the last session—and for which he had no
doubt they were condemned by the prople—of le-
gislating for the purpose of catching vetoes? Why,
then, (said Mr. M.) should vre report another plan,
or amend this? The Secretary of Slate had said,
"Don\ change this thing." He knew his fkill, and
the tools he had used, and that it would work well.
"Don't, therefore, (?aid he,) alter it in the least; but
give us ihe thing we have sent you,and I pledge"—
Oh! what a pledge—''I pledge my reputation that
it will work well." Why, then, (isid Mr. M.)
should we report anoiher bill, and get another veto?
for another veto is inevitable if we do it.
He bad been charged in that House and out of
ihe House with being inclined to surrender to Mr.
Tyler the independence of Congress upon the sub-
ject of tha clause in relation to the public lands
that was .stricken out of the tariff bill (as he said)
upon his motion, (though there seemed to be some
obscurity upon that question.) When that ques-
tion came up, as his own honor was involved, he
would have that question explained. When that
subject came up, it would be tound wbeiher he
wa* inclined to surrender, so far as he was c 'n-
eerned, the independence of the legislative branch
of the Government to the Executive power.
On that question he differed honestly with some
of the most distinguished men of his party; bat
here emphatically was a question of a surrender
of ihe privileges of the House of Representatives.
We have (said Mr. M.) sent plan afier plan to the
Executive, and they have been vetoed; we have
been told that any law on this subject, according
with our principles, will be vetoed; we have been
told that the legislative will on this subject must
submit, and that we must take the law, and every
letter of it, from the Executive. This was not a
ques'ion of the veto power. Not at all. ltwa«not
here the question, whether, because the Executive
vetoes a law, the Constitution shall be changed.
Not at all. The question was, whether the Legis-
lature should take the law draughted by th,> Execu-
tive, with every i dotted and every f woised,or get
no law at all.
Must they take the law as it came from him,
and have no power to amend it? That was the
question; and let it be expressly understood, that
if the exchequer bill were passed by this Congress, it
would be parsed contrary to the principles of both
parties. Dared be to vote upon a principle like
this? Dared he to legislate under the dictation of
the President of the United States? That Capitol
might crumble to ruin over his head—the com-
merce of the country might suffer ten thousand
fold more than it was now suffering, ere he would
lend himself to any such proceeding. It was a
question of liberty itself; and yet gentlemen were
exceedingly anxious that the measure should pass.
He (Mr. Marshall) would probably have an-
other opportunity, before the 4th of March next, to
continue his speech. He desired this to be under-
stood as merely the exordium of the speech which
he intended to make. [A laugh.] He had a
great variety of matters to discourse upon, a great
many things to say in relation to his course in Con-
gress, and in relation to his very peculiar position,
which he intended to define exactly. [A laugh]
The gentlemen connected with the Administration
on that floor were extremely anxious that this
measure should pass. They had had a tolerably
district annunciation upon this subject, the other
day, from the gentleman from Massachusetts.
He (Mr. M.) had suffered so much from mis-
representation himself, that he would not willingly
misrepresent any human being. He had not read
the gentleman's reported speech; but he had beard
at least three-fourihs of it. He considered it as
being a sort of half-jest, half-earnest affair—one
that might be taken either way. He did not un-
derstand the gentleman as announcing upon that
floor, by authi nfy of the President, that any one
u bo expected to get office under John Tyler must
vote for this bill. Bat he certainly did understand
the gentleman to say that the Whig party were as
dead as a slone; that they bad butted their
brai-.s out against the constitutional question;
and that the Administration had thrown them off.
He understood it to be, on the part of the President
and hii administration, a distinct and final repudi-
ation of the Whig party. The gentleman had
announced one fae,i—which would, he feared, be
found to be a fact, and a melancholy one—that
there was now in the United Stales no man of suf-
ficiently commanding character and patriotism—no
man who, by his rarae and weight of character
alone, could rally around him, as around a com-
mon cemre, any parly in this country. The gen-
tleman had also declared that the proceedings of
that body v.ere but a cominual -struggle between a
number of gentlemen in that House, whose name
was Legion, and the President of the Un'ted States;
and that, among this numerous host, there was not
a single individual ef such standing and stability
as to draw with him the support of a party. That
the Democrats, divided as they now were, were in
very great danger, by means of the "constitutional
fact," (against which the Whigs had butted their
brains out,) to be placed in precisely ihe same fix.
For there stood the same "constitutional fact,"
and there stood the great party who had been sig-
nally discomfited, and there was anoiher great par-
ty soon to be pul hors du combat. The ring was to
be cleared. [A Juurh.] He did not know who
tho-e gentlemen were whose name was Legion; he
had no dou&t they could easily be distinguished by
the gentleman. Though ihey were marked as dis-
tinctly as ihe little sheep so pathetically described
by the gentleman from New York—though reject-
ed and driven from the fold—no one could blatae
them for casting a few wistiu! glances towards
those they had left; and he had a sort of hope that,
amid the divisions on ihe other side, and in the ex-
ultation which an overwhelming majority was so
ant to inspire—believing, as they did, that the
Whigs were dead—stone-dead—some of these days
they might again lcok up, and recover their former
standing. The gentleman fiom Massachusetts ap-
parently desired to settle this great question for
Congress, leaving ihem no ground to starid upon.
It vould, however, all thought, be a queer state of
things to see a uruon between Mr. Tyler, Mr.
Webster, and the Postmaster General, He spoke
not now of the other members of the Cabinet, for
he did not k::ow ibem so well; he would not name
the gentleman from Maine. But to unite either the
Northern or Southern interest with John Tyler 
my conscience, what a coalition it would be! If
this should lake place, and ths gentleman from
VugiGia should be found amongst them, would he
ever say anything more on that floor about coali-
tion?
A strange sight to see Mr. Van Buren associated
with Mr. Calhoun and Mr. Webster! [A laugh.}
But enough of this: let the Democracy stick to
