142
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
approbation of his conscience and of his country,
in the glorious result of his immortal victories on
a frontier saved from savage fury and from indis-
criminate massacre, in the rescue.of New Orleans
and the reconquest oi Louisiana and of its noble
, river; paid in closing oar late eventful struggle
with glory and renown; paid in the highest honors
and offices which a grateful people could bestow;
and, through ages to come, posterity will continue
the payment in gratitude, and praise, re-eeb'~ed by
countless millions throughout this great republic,
and in every country and in every land where our
principles shall go on, conquering and to conquer,
striking down the thrones of despots, and ereciing
upon their ruins the glorious fabiic of the people's
will. And are these the services which it is now
proposed to compensate by the payment of this
paltry sum, in a bill for the relief of General
Andrew Jacksonl It is not a bill for relief, but
for indemnity; not a paym^Lt for services, but a
restoration of mosey unjustly withheld; and in no
other view can it receive the support ot
"R. j. WALKER."
Mr. BERRIEN moved that the report of the
committee, and the bill, as amended, be printed;
which motion was put, and agreed 10.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the report of the
minority of the committee was ordered to he print-
ed, and appended to the report of the majority.
Mr. LINN moved that 20,000 copics eitra be
printed of both repons.
Mr. EVANS remarked, that that motion would
lie over, undi-r the rule, for the present.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana was under tood to say
that it teemed to him that the mo'ion was not thi n
in order, as the question of printing U e report was
disposed of. Tr.ey had that moment otdercd the
reports to be printed; const quently, this was s new
and independent motion, winch would have lo go
to the Committee on Priming.
Mr.BAYARD said the motion would hare to
go to the Committee on Printing.
The CHAIR was undersiiod to say that the
views of the minority were not, ftrieily speaking,
a report; ardnot being such, ihe motion to print
should propel iy have In en relerrtd 10 the Oomimt-
tec on Printing; tin there l>- ng no uhjcc'ion .it
the lime, ihe question wa-. put on the mo'ion to
print, aDd dccided in the iillimative without dis-
sent; which was tantamount to a unanimous vote.
Mr. LINN remarked, that the qjvstion v/,=.s now
on ordering an add.honal quantity to be printed.
The motion to pm.l ihe u.su-ii quantity, as ;< report,
was already ikciittd; and 'Iv- question could roi
be revived, wiihout it was s ;r<e'Jy a repoit, ui ;!r>
sense of the rule. The Senate having decided ! y
that vote that it was a report, tli= qu'slien to prn.t
an additional quantity was exempted f« the opera-
tion of Ihe rule which required the motion to be
referred to the Committee on Pri.".tinn.
The CHAIR was understood to pay thai, as a
report, it was not t>cce-sa?y to relet the motion to
print to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. EVANS said there was no objfciion 10
printing the u<-cal quantity uf a jeooit; but, th-
motion to prnf an addi'iuri.-' qmntity b-ir« an
independent re>o!uti"ri, rutin he over one day,
under the rule.
Mr. BUCHANAN !o th? 3en;;>0''
from Missouri [\ir. Link] to lot 'he rr.o'joa Iw
over till to-moirow, rnrf ccll !•<[ yejs ;>n .1 nay;
on the motion to pn:.:; 'or j. vrr.'-- evident tha1 <io
bill would pa.-'S thi- :es<i"jn to liid-'nnify Cieneia!
Jackson.
Mr. LINN modified hisi..o(ioa so 10,000 oopi-:s,
instead of 20 000.
Mr. BUCHANAN suppo-ed 'ho S-v.\<-u, ,'iom
Missouri could get o-er all the difficulty I y Idling
it He over till io-morrow morning, when it wi-dti
not be nccesi?.ry so ask t'.-.r the unanimous consent
to pass upon the motion.
Mr. LINN yielded 'o the suggestion; ?nj the
motion was laid over till to-morrow.
Several bills from the House were then read
twice, and referred so appropriate committees.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Baercw, was taken np and *"iopted, viz:
"Resolved^ That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
Shs Senate why the appropriation made by Congress, at the
last session, for Fort Livingston, m the State of Louisiana, hag
been withheld from the officer superintending the construction
of that work; and, also, by virtue of what law, or by whose au-
thority, said appropriation was withheld; and whether the ap-
propriation has been expended on any ot the military defences
'of the country; and, also, that he infoim the Senate whether the
completion of Fort Livingston ia not indispensably necessary to
the military defence ofNew Orleans."
The foliowing resolution, submitted by Mr.
Conrad yesterday, was taken up and adopted,
viz;
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of repealing so much
of the act, entitled "An act respecting the organization of the
army, and for other purposes," passed August 23,1842, as pro-
vides that the second regiment of dragoons shall, from and after
the 4rh day of March next, be converted into a regiment of ri-
flemen.
OREGON BILL.
The CHAIR- announced the unfinished busi-
ness of jesteiday—ihe bill authorizing the occupa-
tion and settlement of the Territory of Oregon The
pending question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays; which
weie ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN inquired if there was not a
proposition pending at the adjournment yesterday?
Mr. BAYARD observed that he had had some
idea yesterday of presenting an amendment which
would obviate the difficulty now likely to impede
the passage of the bill; but at that stage of the pro-
ceedings it could be adop'ed only by unanimous
consent. Since then, he had thought more about the
matter, and should now decline moving the amend-
ment. It was one of the most delicate and difficult
questions to touch upon. There was no doubt as
to the propriety of encouraging o r citizens to set-
tle in that country, nor as to the propriety ot' estab-
lishing fortifications; but a-> to making appropria-
tions of portions ot the territory, what had been
said by the Senator fiom South Carolina and the
Senator from Massachusetts yfsterday, had placed
the subject in a very strong light. As, und<?r ex-
isting arrangements, the territory wss 'o be used in
common for the purposes of trade, the question
which now arose was, whether tbey could, with
any propriety, under the existing relations between
this G.mrnment and Great Britain, adopt such a
biil as this, unless the provision regarding the
gian's of knd to settlers be stricken out. It that
portion of the bill were stricken out, he (Mr. B )
would, wilh great cheerfulness, vo'e for ihe estab-
li'bmentof (unifications. He would not, however,
at present, offer any amendment.
Mr. CALHOUN observed that the Senate, from
."ome cause or other, was exceedingly thin—too
much so, be thought, to permit the question to be
taken at presen'. He had waited in expectation
that other views than his would be stated; but it
appeared that no one at present was inclined to
continue the debate. His wish was to reply to
any objections which might be offered in relaiiun
to what he had said on the subject yes;erday; b: ing
entitled, as he thought, to c!o>e the debate. He
w «s anxious, too, that the few remarks which he
intended to make in conclusion should be heard
by the whole Senate; he would move, therefore,
(and he h >ped ihe motion would meet the concur-
rence of ihe Senate,) that the further consideration
of this subject be postponed until to-morrow.
It was accordingly postponed.
Sena'e bill No. 34, providing for ascertaining
pnd deposing of ihe lead-mineral la -,ds m the
fi-aies of Illinois and Aikansas, and Territories of
Wisconsin and Iowa, ar.d for other purposes, was
taktr. up a? in committee of the whole.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Land--, observed that he would
offer two sets of amendments; one set proposed by
himself, on the part of the ccrnmiitce, and the other
suggested by the Secretary of War; bat wiih regard
to wb eh he would merely slate his opinion, leav-
ing the Senate, to act upon them. Mr. S. ihen ex-
plained Ihe amendments he recommended, many
of which were merely verbal alterations. One was
to extend the time for entry at Ihe minimum price,
afier the lots were offered for public sale, from two
to three years. Another was to substitute the
words "mineral lands" for "lead mines "
All the amendments recommended by Ihe com-
mittee were adopted,
Mr. S. then submitted the amendments suggested
by the Secretary of War.
One was. to include with lead minerals, "or ores
of copper and zinc " Another, to increase the
minimum price at ahich the lands were to be of-
fered at public sale, from $5 to $10.
Mr. SMITH staled that he did not approve of
these amendments, but would leave the matter
with the Senators from Illinois and the Senate.
Mr. YOUNG stated that there were strong ob-
jections to both. As to copper and zinc, he knew
of no mines of ihat nature in Illingis. He believ-
ed, some years ago, a copper mine was opened
within the border of Wisconsin, which at first, it
was supposed, would realize considerable profit;
and he understood good prices were obtained for
the land in consequence of it. But the speculation
was subsequently found unprofitable, and it came
to nothing. As to the increase of price, it would
be most injurious. He would rather see the price
reduced from $5.
Mr. SMITH concurred with the Senator from
Illinois, that the amendments ought not to be adopt-
ed. He thought the pries of the lands for public
sale sufficiently high, under all the circumstances.
There might be instances in wh ch $100, or $50
an acre, would not be too much; but, in the great
mass of cases, $5 would be found a sufficiently
high average. Tne Houseof Representatives had,
indeed, set it down much lower—at $2 50; which
was doub.'ed by the Senate.
Mr. YOUNG explained, tha', in nine cases out
of ten, the lots bought on speculation as mineral
lands were finally turned into mere farming lots,
and the pursuit of minerals was given up as too
unprofitable. It was not more iban one in ten of
those speculations 'hat made money.
Mr. McBOBERTS concurred with his colleague,
and objected to those amendments.
Mr. SMITH said he should not, of course,
press the amendments, as ihey were not approved
of by the Senators from Illinois, who understood
the subject so wr 11.
Mr. CALHOUN mads a sngseslion, that per-
haps it would be proper to fix the minimum price
for public sate much higher than at present; and
then to mske a rapid reduction for private entry.
It was understood that, for some mineral lots, $100
an acre would not be too much. An opportunity
might be given to obtain, by c?mpetition, at pub-
lic sale, as high a price as possible; and, if the lots
were not disposed of at public sale, they could be
passed rapidly into private hands, at ihe minimum
price fixed by ihe bill. He merely made the sug-
gestion.
Mr. YOUNG asked the Senators from Missouri
what price the mineral lands of that State were
sold for?
He was answered that they were sold for the
ordinary price of $1 25 per acre.
Afier a lew more ob^cvations from Messrs.
YOUNG, SMITH, WOODBURY, and LINN,
the two amendment were negatived.
Mr, YOUNG fubrrnted a few amendments;
some of which were adopted, and some negatived.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and
the amendments were concurred in. It was then
ordered to b° engrossed -,nd read a third time.
The CI.I ASH announced the tpeciai orders of
the day.
Mr. SMITH of Indiant hoped the Senate
v,-oulJ indulge him by allowing the Senate bill No.
4 i to be tr.ken up. It was a bill for the relief of a
widow, who had, by mistake, mace a wrong entry
of an 80-rcre lot in Missouri.
The Senate assenting, ihe bil! was taken up,
entitled "A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Monroe;"
and was ordered to be engrossed, and read a third
lime.
As the fir-t of the special order?, the bill for the
relief of William De Bays, postmaster at New
Orleans, was taken up, and considered as in com-
mittee of^iho whole; but no amendment being of-
fered, it wc.s r ported back; and on the question of
ordering ii to be engrossed for a third reading—
Mr, KING asked for some explanation as to
its being m conformity with the purpose and ob-
jects of ihe law of 1840. regulating the salaries aad
emoluments of postmasters.
