144
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
consideration of that resolution also; and modified
bis motion accordingly.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, in order to admit the motion of
Mr. Kennedy. The House refused to suspend—•
ayes 70, noes 52—not two-thirds.
IMPEACHMENT OF THE PRESIDENT OF
THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BOTTS rose and inquired of the Chair
■whether the proposition which he had given notice
of bis intention to sabmit on yesterday, could be
now received and entertained as a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER replied in (he affirmative.
Mr. BOTTS then said that he came prepared to
acquit himself of the pledge which he was under,
to prefer charges against the acting President of
the United Siatps.
Here Mr. EVERETT arose and inquired if he
was to understand ike Chair as decid ng lhat Ihe
proceeding on the part of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia was in order at that time.
The SPEAKER replied that he had so decided.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr, Botts,] in
bringing forward articles of impeachment, pre-
senied to the House high constitutional question,
and one which wss privileged.
Mr. EVERETT satd, as he desired to take the
sense of the House upon this point, he would
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CUSHING asked for the jeas and nays on
the appeal.
Mr. WISE. State the ques ion before the
House.
Mr. BOTX'S inquired whether he was to under-
stand the gentlemen [Messrs. Wise and Cushino]
as objecting to the consideration of 'he motion l,e
had made?
Several voices: "No."
The bustle prevailing throughout the hall about
this time having subsided,
Mr. BOTTS resumed the remark-- he had begun
He said that he pioposed to introduce charges of
Corruption, of mal-conduct in office, of Inch crimes
and misdemeanors, commitird by the acting Presi-
dent of the United Stsies—-charges which he Mo. d
prepared to prove, by testimony the most conclu-
sive. He asked that the Hen ye misht appoint a
committee to investigate the chatges, and to report
what course it wrs pio;er lo pursue. He was
himself prepared to p*ovo every charge which he
should bring against the Presiu< n>. He not only
asked, but he demanded ai. opportunity of making
these charges good. Were he to come here ss the
humblest citizen of the Republic, and deea.-e ins
readiness to prove them, he would claim the priv-
ilege of doing so as such; much more <,o, then, did
be claim, and insr.t upon it, as the Rejuescnutiyp
of fifty thousand people. It was his highest con-
stitutional privilege. One hundred members of ih's
House had declated, and placed it on recon], ih.it
John Tyler had committed impeachable cfl'cnccs.
He (Mr. B ) had declared; and he coesider-d it
due to his own pcr-onn! honor md replication ih'it
he ■should be permuted to prove the truth of That
he asserted. lie v/e.'- not one of 'the- :--- who dealt in
vague and trencial eii^rp- s, lis: would not eerie up
and put their awrtioas m a t-'iigiWe foi m. He made
no charges which h  wes; nor prepa.ed to M'-nm
with tlie most eoi,<.lnsive proof. Wince his (ir-t
agitation of the! sishj'-o! at the 'ie«on, He had
been deeply rc-fl cun-.j ■ n<: deliberating rpmi and
the more he reilected, the more imperalivo appear-
ed h.sduty to make tite-e charges. in doing «o,
he run's! declare that, so 'ar fiom being adopted by
a desire to render hi.nscif conspicuou ■, le'o.o. ibe
country, and place ahead of ili-"«r o:: thar
floor whose lead he generally followed, and r-hom
he would be proud to lolicv; on this r-s o-\ othee
subjects, he must be pTinitted : > declare fiat ifai-,
was the ao:[ painful duty he i.h-J ever un iertake-i
to perform. He declaral that he was actuated
alone by the obligations w'.ich r>tr,l upon him.
He knew not how long he sirjui t be a member of
the Houce of Repre'rn'aliVfs. H the ability of
 h  Legislature of his Stale was equal to their good-
mill towards him, he sfcojld not sit h<"-re lone;
[laughter;] but he could sot retire to priv?te hie,
uuless he had first discharged this sacred dntv.
Should he live to see the overgrown power of the
Executive hereafter trampling under foot all opposi-
tion—the independence of the Legislature sacri-
ficed—the energies of the people relaxed into iist-
ltesness af Executive encroachment and obedience
to his will;—should he witness such a state of
things in this country, he would have the satisfac-
tion, with a proud heart and erect bearing, that he,
for one, at least, had endeavored to arrest it.
Here Mr. EVERETT rose to a question of or-
der. He said he hac taken an appeal from the
decision of the Chair, by which the gentleman
[rVSr. Botts] was allowed to proceed.
Mr. BOTTS asked if the gentleman was not too
late wilh his objection'?
The SPKAKER said no. The gentlemun had
a right to insist on his appeal.
Mr. BOTTS said he was recognised by the
Chair, and inquired whether his resolution could
not be entertained as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BOTI'S was proceeding with his remarks
before the gentleman [Mr. Everett] made his
objection, and ha submitted whether the gentle-
man was not too late in taking an appeal.
Mr. EVERETT insisted upon his position. He
was anxious to have the bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law taken up and disposed of.
Mr. BOTTS said that if the gentleman appre-
hended that his resolution would consume too
much of the lime o! the House, he was prepared to
submit it in sach a form as would render it not
liable to the least objection. The whole subject
might then be disposed of in fifteen minute;;.
Mr. EVERETT observed that he did not, 81 first,
know the object the gentleman had in view; and,
therefore, listened awhile to his remarks, tdl he
Rained what it was. He then immediately rose,
and appealed from the decision of the Chair. It
w<ts with gieat reluctance that he interrupted the
gendeman, but he felt desirous that ihe business of
the House should not bo delayed by any collateral
m.itier. There were two subjects now before the
House, on which debate was going on; and he was
for bringing both those subjects to a close as soon
as possible. The Speaker had decided that thii
was a puvileged question, and from that decision
he appealed. If the House decided against the.
appeal, ihen the gentleman from Virginia could
go on with his remitks.
The SPEAKER had no doubt that, if the gen-
tl-man from Vermont insisted on his point of
order and the appeal, he must pur the question
< ii it.
The SPEAKER then stated the question; and,
at the n-qu. st uf Mr. GILMER, repeated his deci-
sion, and the point of order and appeal of te,e gen-
tleman from Vermont.
Mr. WISE asked if any motion was made in
writing. If so, he should like to have it lead, in
order that he might judge for himself when he came
to vote.
Mr. BOTTS said lhat he would read it himself.
Mr. WISE wished the Clerk to read it.
Mr. BOTTS replied that ha would rather read it
himself, as he understood his own writing better
than anybody else did.
Mr. B. then began reading, and h*d lead but j>
few parses, when
Mr. COOPER of Georgiaexrre.-fed a wish that
the gentleman would read from the, Cieik's table.
We can't (said he) hear a word in tlv- part of
the House.
Mr. BOTTS. I'.rill lake a position where the
gentleman cr.n here me, [going to a seat further
back ia she circle,] Mr. B. then lead ihe follow-
ing cbaig;:
"I do impeach John Tyler, Vice President, ac'ieg
as President of U-e United S-atcs, of the folio
high crimes and misdemeanors:
"1. I charge him with gross usurpation of power
and violation ol law, in attempting to exercise
?. controlling itflaenee over the accounting ciiicers
of the Treasury Department, by ordering the pay-
ment of amounts of long standing, that hud been
by them njected for want of legal authority to
pay, and tmeatemng them with expulsion from
oflice utile.*:, his orders were obeyed; by virtue oi
which threat, thousands were drawn from the pub*
lie treasury without the authority of law.
''2. I charge him with a wicked and corrupt
abuse of the power of appointment to, and removal
from, office; first, in displacing those who were
competent and faithful in the discharge of their
public duties, only because they were supposed to
entertain a political preference for another; and,
secondly, in bestowing them on creatures of his
own will, aitke regardless of the public welfare and
his duty to the country.
"3. I charge him with the high crime and misde-
meanor of aiding to excite a disorganizing and
revolutionary spirit in the country, by placing on
the records of the State Department his objections
to a law, as cairying no constitutional obligation
with it; whereby the several Slates of this Union
were invited to disregard and disobey a law of
Congress, which he himself had sanctioned and
sworn to see faithfully executed, from which
nothing but disorder, confusion, and anarchy can
follow.
"4. I chsrge him with being guilty of a high
misdemeanor, in retaining men in oflice for months
after they have been rejected by the Spnate as
unworthy, incompetent, and unfaithful, with an
utter defiance of the public will, and total indiffer-
ence to the public interests
"5. I charge him with the high crime and misde-
meanor of withholding his assent to laws undispen-
sable to the just operations of government, which
involved no constitutional difficulty on his part; of
depriving the Government of all legal sources of
revenue; and of ass«ming to himself the whole
power of taxaion, and of collecting duties of the
people without the authority or sanction of law.
"6. I chaige him with au arbitrary, despotic,
and corrupt abuse of the veto power, to gratify his
personal and political resentments against the Sen-
ate of the Umted States, for a constitutional exer-
cise cf their prerogative, in the rejection of his
nominees to effiee, wilh such evident marks of in-
consistency and duplicity as leave no room to
doubt his disregard of the interests of the people,
and his duty to his country.
"7. I charge him with gross official misconduct,
in having been guilty of a shameless duplicity,
equivocation, and falsehood, with his late Cabinet
and Congress, which l"d to idle legislation, and
useless public expense; and by which he has
brought such dishonor on himself as to disqualify
him from administering the Government with ad-
vantage, honor, or virtue, and for which alone h§
would deserve to be removed from oflice.
8. I charge him with an illegal and unconsti-
tutional exercise of power, in instituting a commis-
sion to investigate the past transactions under a
former administration of the custom house in New
York, under ihe pretence of seeing the laws faith-
fully executed—with having arrested the iavestiga-
tion at a rnorr.eut when the irqmry was to be made
as to the manner in which those laws were execu-
ted under his own administration—with having di-
rected or sanctioned the appropriation of large
sums of the public revenue to the compensation of
officers o:'his own creation, without the authority
of law; which, if sanctioned, would place the en-
tire levenues of the country at his disposal,
"9. I charge htm with the high misdemeanor of
having withheld from Ihe Representatives of the
people information called for, and declared to be
nccejsary to the investigation of s'tipendous frauds
and abuses alleged to have been committed by
agents of the Government, both upon individuals
and the Government i.self, whereby he himself be-
comes accessary to thct« fiands."
Mr. BOTTS then saiu that he wished to connect
no man or set of men with his fame on this resolu-
tion. He wished no man to commit himself on it
till he had an opportunity of piovmg the truth of
his charges.
Mr. WISE interrupted his co'lesgue, and asked
for the reading of the proposition founded on the
charges. He did not wish to hear ihe gentleman's
speech till he was'n possession of the whole subject.
Mr. BOTTS submitted that the laatter was not
within the control of bis colleague.
The SPEAKER requested the gentleman to sub-
mit his motion to the House; when
