€0MRES§10iAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1843.
Volume 12-"*No. 10.
Continued from No. 9.
Mr. BOTTS read the following resolution: .
Resolved, That a committee of nine members be appointed,
with.instructions diligently to inquire into the truth of the pre-
ceding charges preferred against John Tyler, and to report to
this House the testimony taken to establish said charges, to-
gether with their opinion whether the said John Tyler hath so
acted in his official capacity as to require the interposition of
the constitutional power of this House; and that tin committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BOTTS then observed that he had bat one
remaik to make, and he hoped he would not fee
interrupted by his colleague while making it. Af-
ter having been challenged, defied, and dared lo
make these charges—
Mr. WISE would throw no obstructions in his
colleague's way. All that he desired was, that the
strict orderof the House ihould be preserved in these
proceedings.
Mr. BOTTS asked permission of the House to
make an explanation.
The SPEAKER observed thai, except by uni-
versal consent, the gentleman could not be indulged;
and the gentleman from Virginia on his right [Mr.
Wise] objected.
Mr. WISE said that he would not object to his
colleague's proceeding, when the ^matter was fully
before the House. As he understood it, the ques-
tion was now on the appeal of ihe gentleman trom
Vermont; the decision of which would be a decision
whether the matter was before the House or not.
All that he asked was, that equal latitude of debate
should be allowed to all.
Mr. BOTTS said that all he wan'cd to remark
was, that he desired to connect no man, or set of
,men, with his proposition. He desired no man or
party to be committed on it, till the evidence was
before the House. By the appointment of a com-
mittee to investigate the testimony he would be
able to bring forward, they would b.; able to de-
cide, at a future day, whether Mr. Tyler had com-
mitted acts deserving of impeachment by that
House. If be succeeded in establishing the truth
of these charges, he presumed there would be no
member of that Hou^e found voting against the
impeachment. If, on the contrary, he failed in
establishing them, let the odium fall on him, and
him alone. He-was willing to take all the respon-
sibility; and he wanted no man now to commit
himself for or against the chargts he offered.
The SPEAKER here asked permission to ex-
plain more (ally the grounds of his decision. Since
the present Speaker had been m the chair, there
had been no cas>e of this kind before the House, and
only two cai-es since the beginning of the Govern-
ment. The first was that of Chief J ustice Chase,
in which no question like the one w w raised
was presented. That case was then considered and
acted upon by the House as a privileged question.
Mr. Randolph rote in his seat, and, without any
resolution or specific charges, alter some remarks
on the conduct of Judge Chave, moved for a com-
mittee to take into consideration the propriety of
impeaching him. The m.utrr went on day after
day, and, by the universal acquiesccnee of the
House, took preference of all oliier business as a
privileged question. In addition to this, the Chair
considered this as a high constitutional question,
paramount to all others, without reference to ihe
rules of the House. The Chair, theiefore, con-
sidered the House bound to acton the resolution,
either by reception or rejection of it.
Mr. EVERETT th?n withdrew bi« appeal. His
reason, be said, for makir.g it, was, that he wished
to see the bn -iue'.s of the Hou<e carried on.
Mr. RAYNER h are moved lha pre zious ques-
tion.
Mr. WISE wished to make ?n inquiry, and re-
quested the gentleman from INorth Carolina to
withdraw his motion, promising to renew it. fie
wished to inquire what the charges were, and froan
whom they came. He understood that this House
only could make charges on which to found an im-
peachment.
Mr. BOTTS referred as precedents to the case
of Judge Chase, in which Mr. Randolph made the
charges; and to the case of Judge Peck, in which
the charges were made by a member of the Mis-
souri bar. In both cases, the matter was referred
to a committee. What he now presented were
not articles of impeachment, but charges for a
committee to investigate the truth of, and to found
an impeachment on, if substantiated.
Mr. WISE, in a few observations, contended
that there was no precedent in the case of Judge
Chase; and if the House would look into it, they
would find that there was no analogy between that
and the present case. In this case, his colleague
made himself the impeaching power.
Mr. BOTTS, at the suggestion of Mr. McKAY;
modified bis resolution, by inserting the word "pre-
ceding," before the word "charges " Mr. B. took
the occasion further to modify his resolution, by
adding "and that the said committee shall have
power to send for persons and papers."
The resolution as modified was then read; when
Mr. WISE said: Now, sir, I ask, what are the
presiding charges'!
Mr. BOTTS said that he had now appended the
resolution to the charges, and would send them up
in that form lo be read.
Mr. WISE. I only wish to inquire, further,
whether these charges are signed by any person?
Who is "I ?"
Mr. BOTTS. No, sir; they are not signed; but
I can put my name to them—and do it in ihe
prrsencc of witnesses*, too, if the gentleman
pleases.
Mr. PRQFFIT. Send them up; send them up.
The charges and resolution were then sent up
to the Chair, and read by the Clerk.
At the conclusion of the reading bv the Clerk,
there wrrp loud cries of "Q,uestion," "Question."
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the reso-
lution on the table. [Cries of "Oh, no; let us have
a vote."J
Mr. BOTTS called for the yeas and nays cn the
motion of the gectleman from Tenncs-ee.
Mr. WISE, and many other members, entreated
Mr. C. Johnson to withdraw his motion; but he
refused to do so.
The yeas and nays were then ordered; and,
being taken, resulted—yeas 101, nays 119, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Sherlock .7. Andrews, Arrington, Baker,
Barton, flidlack, Borden, Bowne, Britrgs, Brockway, Bion-
son, Aaron V, Brown, Charles Brown, liuinelJ, William But-
ler, Green W. Caldwell, Patliok C. Caldwell, Calhoun,
John Campbell, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Co wen
Cross, II. 1). Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doig, John C. Edwards'
Egbert, Everett, Fen is, Fessenden, John G. Floyd, Charles A.
Floyd, Fornance, Gates, Giddmgs, Patrick G. Goode, Wm.
O, Goode, Gordon, Graham, Gwm, Hastings, Henry, Hop-
kins, [lubard, Hudson, Hunter, James Irvin, Jack, William
Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac D, Jones, Keim, Lewis,
Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan,
McKeon, Mallory, Alfred Marshall, Samson Mason, John
Thomson Mason, Mathews, Maxwell, Meriwether, Mitchell,
Moore, Parmemer, Partridge, Pickens, Benj. Randall, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Roosevelt, Saunders, Shields, Sol-
lers, Sprigg, Steenrod, Stokely, Alexander II. ii. Stuart, Sum-
ter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Tillmghast, Tomhnson, Trotii
Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward, Westbreok'
Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop. Wood, and Yorke—101. '
JNAYS— Messrs, Adams, Landalf W. Andiews, Arnold, Ath-
erton, Aycnw, Bibcock, Barnard, Beeson, Birdseye, Black,
Blair, Boarduian, Bolls, Boyd, Brewster, Milton Brown, Jer-
emiah Biown, Buike, William B. Campbell, Thomas J
Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden, J.
C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper
Cranston, Cravens, Cushing, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Debeiry'
Eastman, John Edwards, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gam'
ble, Gently, Gilmer, Goggin, Green. Gusune, Ilalsted Harris
Hays, Holmes, Houck, Houston, Howard, Hunt, Joseph R
Ingeisoll, Win. W. Irwm, James, John P.Kennedy, Andrew
Kennedy, King, I.ane, McKay, McKennan, Marehand, Thomas
F. Marshall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maynarci, Medill Miller
Morgan, Morrow, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne. Owsley, Pavne'
Pope, Powell, Pro Hit, Ramsey, Randolph', Rayner, Read'
Reding, Itidgway, Rodney, Rogers, Wm. Russell, James
M. Kussell, Salstonstall, Sanford, Sewell, Shaw, Shepnerd
Slade, Tiuman Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Stratum, John T*
Stuart, Summers, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thomp'
son, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood. War-
ren, Washington, Watterson, Weller, Edward D. White, Jo
seph L. White, Christopher II. Williams, L Wil-
liams, Wise, Augustus Young, and John young—119.
So the motion was negatived.
The question then recurred on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question; which was agreed
to.
Mr. GUSHING demanded the yeas and nays or
the question, Shall the main question be now put?
[Cries of "Oh, no."]
Mr. PROFFIT. Yes; let us have the yeai and
nays.
Mr. TURNEY inquired what would be the ef-
fect of negativing- the main question?
The SPEAKER replied, it would drive the
question over till to-morrow.
Mr. GUSHING then withdrew his call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD renewed the demand; and
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk began to call the roll, when
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and said he recollected
that, under a recent decision of the Speaker, the
effect of deciding against putting the main ques-
tion would be to lay it over from day to day, as
had occurred a short time ago; he would therefore
withdraw his demand for the yeas and Bays.
[Cries of "Oh! no; it is too late."] Well, then,
ha gave notice that, if the main question should be
negatived, he would move a reconsideration of the
vote seconding the -demand for the previous ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
—yeas 122, nays 90, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W: Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Arrington, Atherton, Aycrigg, Babcock, Ba-
ker, Barton, Beeson, Birdseye, Black, Blair, Boardman, Bor-
den, Bowne, Boyd, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burke, Burnell. William Butler, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey,
Chittenden, Staley JS. Clarke, Clinton, Colquitt, James Coop,
er, Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Cross, Gushing, Dan.
iel, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Eastman, John Ed.
wards, John C. Edwards, Ferris, Fessenden, Filimore, A. L.
Foster, Gentry, Gilmer, Green, Gustine, Harris, Hays, Houck,
Houston, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, James. Irvin, William W.
Irwin, Jack, James, Cave Johnson, John-P. Kennedy, King,
Lane, Lewis, Marehand, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason,
Mathiot, Maxwell, Medill, Mitchell, Morgan, Morrow, New.
hard, Oliver, Owsley, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall,
Rayner, Read, Reding, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell,
Saltonstall, Sanford, Sewell, Shaw, Slade, Truman Smith,,
Sprigg, Stauly, Steenrod, Stratton, Alexander H. H. Stuart.
John T. Stuart, Summers, John B. Thompson, Richard W,
Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Turney, Underwood,
Van Rensselaer, Warren, Washington, Watterson, Weller
Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Wise, and Yorke 
122.
NAYS—Messrs. Bidlack, Botts,' Brewster, Briggs, Broek-
way, Charles Brown, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, Calhoun, John Campbell, Clifford, Coles, Cowen, Rich-
ard D. Davis, Dean, Doig, Egbert, Everett, John G. Floyd, C.
A. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gales, Girldings, Goggin, P. G.
Goode, Gotdon, Graham, Granger, Gwin, Halsted, Henry,
Holmes, Hopkins, Ilubard, Hunter, WillJiam Cost Johnson,
Isaac 1). Jiines, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Lowell,
Abinham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKennan,
McKeon, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Maihews,
Mattocks, Miller, Moore, Osborne, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne.
Pickens, Pope, Pioffit, Randolph, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett,
Riggs, Rogers, James M. Russell, Saunders, Shepperd,
Shields, Snyder, Stokely, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Tillinghdst, Trotti, Trumbull, Van Buren, Wallace, Ward,
Westbrook, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams.
Winthrop, Wood, Augustus Young, and John Young- 90.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the House had ordered the
main question to be put, and also of the vote by
which the previous question was seconded. He
was about to debate the motion; but was called to
order.
The SPEAKER decided that one motion only
could be entertained at a time. The motion to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, would first be in order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD accordingly made that mo-
tion, and asked for the yeas and nays thereon.
The House refused to order the yeas and nays.
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked for tellers.
The House refused to order tellers.
The question wbs then taken on the motion to
reconsider, and the House refused to agree to it.
The question then recurring upon the adoption
of the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botts]  . e. of impeachment—
Mr. CSANGER rose and said that one of the
proposed charges against the President of the
United States was, that he removed certain inno*
