146
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cent uwn from office. [Laughter ] Now, there
was a time when he (Mr. G.) acted as accessory
to the President, in the execution of a number of
political innocents, [laughter,] and he should there-
fore ask to tK; excused from voting upon the ac-
ceptance of the charges preferred.
Mr. HOPKINS asked for the yeas and nays on
the m.'otion, and they were ordered.
The House agreed to excuse the gentleman—
yeas 111, nays 91. When Mr. Houston's name
■was called, he rose and inquired if it was too late
to ask the gentleman [Mr. Granger] a question.
He wished to know whether the gentleman from
New York considered the charge of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] as implicating him-
self, and rendering him liable to the charge of cor-
ruption in office?
Tee SPEAKER said it was too late to ask and
answer a question after the call of ihe roll had
been commenced.
The question then Recurred on the resolution of
the gentleman from. Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] and re-
sulted as follows,-; ayes 83, nays 127.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold'
Aycrigg, xiabcoek, Barnard, Birdseye, Black, Boardman,
Botts, Boyd, Milton Brown, William B, Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, John C. Clark, Staley N.
Clarke, Colquitt, James Cooper, Matk A. Cooper, Cranston,
Cravens, Danlei, Garrett. Davis, Deberry, John Edwards,
FefcSeoden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble, Gentry,
«*oggin, Green, Halsted, Hays, Houston, Hunt, Joseph R,
Ingereoll, James, John P. Kennedy, King, Lane, McKennan,
Thomas F. Maishall, Mathtot, Maynard, Moore, Morgan,
Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pendleton,' Powell, Ramsey, Alex-
ander Randall, tflayner, Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell,
James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sewell, Shepperd, Slade,
Truman Smith, Boilers, Stanly, Stratton, John T. Stuart,
Summers, J. B. Thompson, R. W. Thompson, Toland, Triplett,
Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, Warren, Washington, Joseph
L. White, Christopher II. Williams, and John Young—83.
NAY&~-Messrs. S. J, Andrews, Athcrton, Baker, Barton,
Beeeon, Bidlack, Borden, Bowne, Brewster, IJriggs, Aaron V.
Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Burnell, William Butler,
Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, John
Campbell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cmven,
Cross, Cushing, Richard I). Davis, Dawson. Dean, Doan,
Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris,
Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gates, Giddings, Gilmer, Pat-
nek G. Goode, Wm. O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Gustine,
Gwin, Harris, Hastings, Henry, Holmes, Hopkins, Ilouck,
Howard, Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, James Irvin, William W,
Irwin, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac D.
Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefleld, Lowell,
Abraham McClellan, Robert McOlellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallory, Marchand, Allred Marshall, S. Mason, J. T. Mason,
Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Medill, Meriwether, Miller,
Mitchell, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Pick-
ens, Profit, Read, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder, Sprieg,
Bteenrod, Stokely, Alexander H II. Stuart. Sumter, Jacob
Thompson, Tillmghaet, Trotti, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Ward, Watterson, Welier, Westbrook, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L. William.,, Winthrop, Wise, Wood, and
Augustus Young—127.
So the House refused to adopt the resolution.
The SPEAKER then announced that ihe next
business in order would be the reception of reports
from the standing committees; and, they being
called on, reports were made as follows:
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported a bill to
legalize the sale of certain lands made at Choc-
chuma and Columbus, Mississippi; which was
twice read, and referred.
Mr. HOWARD presented the preamble and
resolutions of ihe Legislature of Michigan, on the
subject of a military road fromSaganaw to Macki-
nac.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill declaratory of the 1st and
2d articles of the treaty made with the Chippewa
Indians at Saganaw, Michigan; which was twice
read, and referred.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee oa Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Ann
Wangus; which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. WOOD reported a joint resolution directing
the application of an existing appropriation for
building a dry-dock at Brooklyn, New York;
which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. ADAMS presented the memorial of Hora-
tio Greenoagh on the subject of the disposal of his
statue of Washington; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from ihe Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the
relief of Elizabeth Gresham; which was twice read,
and referred.
Mr- MATHIOT, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Elizabeth Powers;
which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, from the Committee on
the Library, reported a joint resolution for the dis-
tribution of certain copies of the census returns,
and the Compendium of the Sixth Census; which
was read twice, and referred.
Mr. PENDLETON said he bad a petition
which he wished to present, from a soldier of
Wayne's army, who was wounded at the battle of
Maumee; and begged leave to accompany it with
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of extending the laws
relating to revolutionary pensions, to the armies employed
against the Indians northwest of the Ohio riverprior to theyear
1795, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was adopted, and the petition
referred to the same committee.
Mr. CHAPMAN presented the resolutions of
the Legislature of Alabama, on the subject of the
appointment of an agent to settle all questions re-
maining unsetted under the late Creek treaty: re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. ROOSEVELT presented a petition from
sundry citizens of New York, complaining of the
operations of the new tariff on the importation of
hardware. As the memorial contained valuable
statistical information, be moved that it be printed;
which was agreed to.
Mr UNDERWOOD presented the memorial of
sundry captains and owners of steamboats navi-
gating the western waters, complaining of the act
of Congress regulating steamboat transportation;
which was referred to a select committee.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the bill to repeal the bank-
rupt law.
The SPEAKER said that the next business in
order would be the resolution of the gentleman
from New York, [VIr. Bowne,] to refund the fine
imposed on General Jackson.
Mr. EVERETT moved to postpone that resolu-
tion till to-morrow; which motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER said that the resolution reported
by the Committee of Ways and Means, on the sub-
ject of the exchequer, would be Ihe next business
in order.
Mr. PKOFFIT, who had the floor, addressed the
House m reply to Mr. Marshall ; and, in the
course of his remarks, commented very severely
on the tortuous course of the Whig party. He
could not keep the run of them; and at no one
time did he know where to find them. At the last
session, a large majority of them declared that the
President was guilty of impeachable offences; and
now, when one of their number stood boldly for-
ward, and brought forth his charges on which to
found an impeachment, staking his reputation,
name, and fame on the truth of them,—why, they
were gone. This morning, it was decided that the
President was unimpeached and unimpeachable,
He was willing, and all the business men of the
country were willing that they should withdraw
their case, pay costs, and let it drop. For his pait,
he would have been perfectly willing that the im-
peachment should have gone on, as he would like
to see the black silk gowns, and other trappings of
a court of impeachment; but he did not vote for
the resolution, bt cause he did not believe in the
truth of the charges, or that they contained im-
peachable matter. He conceived, however, that
every gentleman who voted for it believed that
the charges did contain impeachable matter.
Mr. T F. MARSHALL here asked leave to
make an explanation; which being granted, he said
that he voted for the resolution, but did not exptct,
nor did he with, to be understood as committing
himself to ihe questions, either as lo the propriety
of an impeachment, or whether the charges con-
tained impeachable matter, which was one of ihe
gravtest and most difficult questions which could
be brought forward. Further, he had not exam-'
ined that question. He was only in favor of giv-
ing the gentleman the committee, and nothing more.
Mr. PROFFIT. Well, sir, here is one of tl.e
first lawyers in the House, that is not for endorsing
the charges as containing impeachable matter. I
take it for granted that all" the lawyers in the
House will say the same thing, and that the vote
on the resolution was a kind of accommodation vote.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia asked leave to make
an explanation. He was far from thinking, in the
vote he gave, of expressing any opinion in regard
to this matter. He merely intended to say that it
was due to the gentleman from Virginia, due to
the country, and due to the officer, that he should
vote for a committee of investigation. He did
not believe for one moment, that any commi'tee
could be found who could implicate the President.
Mr. PROFFIT hoped there would be no more
explanations, and that he might be permitted to go
on. The gentleman from Virginia, itseemed, was
to be left alone in his glory.
Mr. BOTTS asked leave to make an explana-
tion. He was prouder of the position he occupied,
than that of any other gentleman on the floor.
Mr. PROFFIT made a remark in reply, which
was not heard; and then went on to notice the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Gr/ngeh,] and the charges that gentleman had
made against the Executive and his friends on that
floor. The gentleman said that he (Mr. P.) and
his friends took the pet lamb and crippled it, and
he thought, with the gentleman from Kentucky,
that the gentleman from New York was perfectly
competent to speak about sheep. Mr. P., for him-
self, confessed that the gentleman's speech was the
most sheepish speech he had ever heard.
Again, (said Mr. P.,) we werfe told that the friends
of the President follow his lead on ail occasions;
and, in five minutes after, in direct contradiction
to what he had just said, he charged us with disa-
greeing with the President, and making his bill our
own. One moment, the gentleman charged him
(Mr. P.) and his friends wish following the Presi-
dent's lead; and Ihe next, he charged them with
having taken the President's pet lamb and crop-
ping it, and cutting its tail off. Why did not the
Whig party have their caucuses as formerly, and
agree upon a plan of attack?
Afier some further remarks, he denied that he
was in favor of the President's exchequer plan in
all its details; but, nevertheless, he was surprised,
on passing through Cincinnati, on his way to the
seat of the General Government, to find so many
persons in favor of it—from 5,000 to 6,000 of whom
in that city had signed a petition to Congress, pray-
ing its passage, with very distinguished Whig gen-
tlemen at their head. The report of the gentle-
man from New York, which originated this debate,
he had no doubt every Democrat would wish to
see printed; nay, he doubted not they would vote to
print 10,000 extra copies, for it was the strongest
report in favor of the snb-treasury that ever ema-
nated from any committee on earth. He knew
ihey said the sub-lreasury had some errors; but
every word in that report, against the exchequer,
was an argument against a bank of the United
States. They went against expansive power: and was
not that right? and was it not an argument against
a bank of the United States as well as against the
President's exchequer? He pursued this theme some
time; then replied to arguments based on the as-
sumption that the officers of the Government would
issue more paper than the law allowed under the
exchequer, pointing to the issue of treasury notes,
which was not known to exceed the authorized
amount, under Mr. Van Buren's or Ihe subsequent
Administration. He then cited a case to show the
influence of leading politicians in procuring for
their friends loans from a national bank. He
rext noticed some remarks made by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall]! yesterday on the
present exchequer plan.
Mr. MARSHALL explained.
Mr. WISE desired to correct ihe report of Mr.
Marshall's remarks, which appeared in the Na-
tional In'eliigencer of this morning, as far as they
regarded himself. In that report, Mr. Marshall
was made to say that he (Mr. W.) had said he
might be waked up at 4 or 6 o'clock in the morn-
ing, and he could tell what Mr. Tyler would do in
relation to any measure.
Mr. MARSHALL said he did not make any
such remark.
Mr. WISE continued. What he said in the re-
marks referred to by the geatleman from Ken-
