CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ui
tacky [Mr. Marshall] was, that he could tell, on
Buy morning at 6 o'clock, when fairly awake,
whether Mr. Tyler mould sign a United States Bank
bill or not. He did not assume to know what he
would do upon other subjects. He could make one
additional remark. It was,two weeks after the
death of General Harrison, when he (Mr. W.)
was on bis circuit, canvassing for Congress, before
he beard of the death of that man. The news of his
death was accompanied with the inaugural address
of John Tyler, in which it was stated that he
would, as regarded a United States bank, follow
the example'of the fathers of the Republican fkith.
Between that moment and the interview which he
had with Mr. Tyler, after the death of General
Harrison, he had some hesitation about the course
which Mr. T. would pursue upon the subject. He
did not know whether he would follow the exam-
ple of Madison on the one hand, or of Jefferson on
the other. Yet, always having believed, himself,
that a bank of the United States was constitutional,
and knowing that it had been so decided, he bad
hoped the President had determined to remain stare
decisis, and to sanction the establishment of such an
institution. Under that impression, and with this
doubt upon his mind, he came to Washington. His
first interview with the President dispelled every
doubt; and from that time forward, he could not
have been waked up without declaring that John
Tyler never would sign a bank bill. He knew
John Tyler's history well. John Tyler had been
his constituent, as also he had been John Tylerti.
He knew his votes in the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, and in Congress; and, from that knowledge,
he was enabled to make up his opinion.
Mr. T. P. MARSHALL was glad that the gen-
tleman [Mr. Wise] had made the correction of
the report of his remarks. He (Mr. M.) had him-
self intended to have made the same correction.
Mr. PROFFIT resumed, and proceeded to ad-
dress the House upon various political topics of
the present day. He defended the President from
the charge of wishing to have his exchequer scheme
passed without an amendment, and even without
the dottinc of an t and the crossing of a t. He
charged it upon the parry opposed to him, that
they passed a bank bill without the dotling of an i
or the crossing of a t, and without affording op-
portunity for due cetmideraton. He charged them
with making a report which avoided the issues
before the country, and with a condemnation of
the exchequer project by a committee, on which
there was not a friend of the President to vindicate
his views. He pressed upon the consideration of
the House the fact that the Democratic Review
and several leading papers of the Democratic party
had advocated a plan of finance precisely similar
to that of tbe gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Cdshino;] and leplied to the remark that the
friends of the President thought one way with re-
gard to I his measure, and his friends another.
Mr. GUSHING asked permission to withdraw
the moiion he had made to commit the report of
the Commitiee of Ways and Means on tbe exche-
quer to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. EVERETT objected to the withdrawal of
the moiion.
Mr. PROFFIT resumed. He replied to the re-
mark that Mr. Websier said ihe plan of an exche-
quer, as reported by the friends of the President,
was not worth a rush, by saving that this showed
that the fnends'of the Prasident had agreed to dif-
fer among one another without quarrelling. They
were all independent men. As to the remark of
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,'
that he for a long time slept with Webstei's
works under bis pillow, he (Mr. P.) would say
that he believed Dickens (more geneially called
Boz) had made the? same remark about his sleeping
with some book about him. He (Mr. P.) believed
he should hereafter p,et a pile <<f books and put
them under his head every night. All he had to
say about the Whigs not assigning to the gm-
tleman from Ken ucky [Mr. Marshall] such
a position as he deserved, and was entitled to by
his commanding talents, was, that the Whig party
were ungrateful. Tbe gentleman, however, on that
subject, only mads the same speech which he (Mr.
P.) had heard him make twice before. He asked the
Whigs ifthey really meant to do nothing in relation
to the curreney, except what they bad proposed al-
ready. If not, he begged they would say so, and let it
go out lo thecoilhtry. The Democrats would come
into the next Congress with a great majority; and
he predicted that they would pass nothing but the
ordinary appropriation bills. They would make
no new issues before the people. Though willing
to go before the country on the sub-treasury, yet
they would talk about its modification, and about
having a chest for the accommodation of the peo-
ple, by selling them small drafts at a discount.
He then went on, until the expiration of bis
hour, defining what he thought would be the posi-
tion of tbe Democratic party, the Whig party, and
the Administration.
After he had concluded,
Mr. UNDERWOOD obtained the floor, and
made a personal explanation in relation to the loan
of the United Stales Bank to Owens, referred to by
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Proffit.]
Without concluding, he moved an adjournment;
which was carried.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 11, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate a report from the Commissioner of Public
Buildings, in relation to the manner of the expen-
diture of the appropriations subject to his control;
which,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, was ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Commitiee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
THE QUINTUPLE TREATY.
Also, laid before the Senate a commnnication
from the President of the United States, transmitted
in reply to the resolution of the Senate of the 27th
December last, calling upon him for information
as to whether the quintuple treaty for the suppression
of the slave-trade had been communicated to the
Government of the United States in any form
whatever, and as to what had been the course of
the Government in relation thereto, &c. The
communication states that no application had been
made to this Government to become a party to
that treaty; but that agents abroad, who regarded
the signature of that treaty as an occurrence of
some political importance, had transmitted un-
official copies of it lo the Slate Department; but
that it had not been communicated from any other
quarter, or in any other form.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the communica-
tion was ordered to be printed; and, on motion by
Mr. ARCHER, it was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented certain docu-
ments from the War Department, relative to a
claim pending before the Commitiee on Public
Lands; which was referred to that committee.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial, signed by
P. K. Dickerson and other citizens of North Caro-
lina, residing on the line of the Raleigh Railroad,
praying such a modification of the tariff as to al-
low railroad iron to be imported free of duty: re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. M. also presented a memorial from citizens
of the city of Washington, praying that the char-
ters of the banks in said city may be extended for
ten years: referred lo ihe Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. BATES prssented the memorial of Horatio
Greenough, sculptor, upon the subject of the statue
of Washington, suggesting the propriety of a
change of its position. Mr. B. moved its reference
to the Joint Committee on the Library, statiDg that
the memorial was a paper of much merit and in-
terest, as was everything coming from the hands
or pen of that distinguished artist. The memorial
was referred accordingly, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, lo which had been referred the memo-
rial of William Russell, praying for fishing boun-
ty, reported a bill for bis relief, and others; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading, and ihe
report accompanying it ordered to be primed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred the petition of Rufus and Charles
Lune, praying for fishing bounty, reported a bill
for tbe relief of the owners and crew of the
schooner Twin; which was read, and ordered to- a
second reading, and the report accompanying it or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. H., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of Samuel Brown,
praying additional compensation for hi?, services
as naval officer at Providence, Rhode Island; which
was ordered to lie on the table, and be printed. ,
Mr. H., from the same committee, made re-
ports, which were ordered to be printed, adverse
to tbe passage of the following bills from the
House, viz:
Tbe biil for the relief of owners, masters, and
crew, of the schooner Joanna, of Ellsworth,
' Maine.
The bill (499) for the relief of Samuel Billings,
owner of the fishing-schooner Laura. *
The bill (227) for the relief of the owners, mas-
ter, and crew of the schooner Martha, of Eastport,
Maine.
The bill (390) for the relief of the owners ana
crew of the sehooner Martha.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill for the
relief of the West Feliciana Railroad Company,
and tbe Grand Gulf Railroad and Banking Com-
pany.
Mr. E. also reported back, from the same com-
mittee, the bill from the House for the relief of
John Gerard Ford, accompanied by a written
report adverse to its passage; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, made reports, which were ordered to
be printed, adverse to the passage of the following
House bills, viz:
The bill (414) for the relief of Isaac Champlin,
and others, owners of the schooner Buffalo; and,
The bill (415) for the relief of Orrin Prentiss, of
Stonington, Connecticut, owner of the schooner
Lilly, and the crew of said vessel.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from per-
sons residing at Harper's Ferry, and in the neigh-
borhood, praying a restoration of the civil super-
mtendency over the armory at that place; which
was referred to (he Committee on Military Affairs.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BENTON presented tbe petition of Abra-
ham R. Van Nest and others, of the city of New
York, praying for tbe unconditional repeal of the
(so called) bankrupt act, upon the ground of its un-
constitutionality, and because it was destructive of
the rights of creditors.
In pieser.ung this petition, Mr. B. took leave,
under the indulgence of the Senate, to correct, for
tbe third lime in this body, an error into which
he had fallen some time back in relation to volun-
tary bankruptcy. He had been led to believe that
bankruptcy might be voluntary—that the English
bankrupt system contained this principle; and,
consequently, the principle came to hs as a part of
the system which we had borrowed from England.
He had been led to believe this, and had expressed
himself in several speeches to that effect He
bad spoken in favor of this voluntary bankruptcy,
and, on questions of amendment, or in substitution
of one bill for another, he had voted in favor of it.
But it was all wrong, and he had declared and
renounced the error in two speeches heretofors
made before the Senate—once in December, 1841,
and again in August 1842—on both which occa-
sions he had traced the error to its source, and
showed there was no such thing in the English
systems. The sixth section of the act of George
IV (1826) was tbe foundation of this error: on
referring to that section, (which he did a year or
two ago,) he found that the scction only author-
ized those traders and merchants who were the
proper subject of a bankrupt law to make a de-
claration of insolvency, and file it in the bankrupt
court, where it operated as an act of bankruptcy,
on which the creditors might proceed, or not,
as they pleased. If the creditors did not proceed,
and that within a limited time, tbe declaration of
insolvency stood for nothing: the debtor could not
proeeed upon it—he could not drag the creditors
