Congressional globe.
4p
In a bank of the United States, he admitted such
influence would exist, in a greater or less degree;
but he contended that the danger to be apprehended
from the exercise of this power by a directory of
private individuals was infinitely less than (bat
Which was threatened by its exercise by a Govern-
ment, to whom the exchequer scheme would give
aa accumulation of power. There was, therefore,
ho analogy; nor was there anything in the argu-
ment of the gentleman which could operate against
the establishment of a national bank; while the
full force of his argument operated against giving
such power to an Executive or a Government.
He then proceeded to say that, as they should
do nothing more than discuss these questions du-
ring the present session, they mightas well dis-
cuss them on this resolution as in any other way.
And the first remark which he wished to make on
the currency question, and to which he wished to
call the attention of the House and of the coun-
try, was, that, by the passage of any one of th*-se
exchequer bills, they would lake the subject from
private individuals, or a corporation of private
stockholders, and give it to the Government of the
country; thereby enlarging its powers to a danger-
ous extent. The great defect in, and the great er-
ror (as he conceived) of, the legislation of the coun-
try on the subject of the currency in times past, had
been, that it destroyed the association of private in-
dividuals forming a Bank of the United States, and
giving a currency to the country through their
means. The idea was thrown out by Mr. Van
Buren, and others of that party, that the associa-
tion of wealth, in the shape of a corporation,
was dangerous to the liberties of the country,
and was anti-republican in iis tendencies; but,
seeing that a currency was necessary, in some
way, to meet Ihe wants of the couniry, this
exchequer plan of the Executive was formed,
with a view to gain popularity, and to form a
middle party. And he (Mr. Underwood) acknowl-
edged that the exchequer plan would give the
country a currency, but it would increase the power
and patronage of the Executive to a dangerous ex-
tent. He conceived they never could have a cur-
rency in this couniry, which would restore the
prosperity of the people, unless it was based on an
association of capitalists in the form of a chartered
national bank; and instead of making such a cor-
poration pay the Government a bonus, and then
allow them to make as much interest as Ihey could
on their loans and on bills of exchange, the true
policy would be to refuse a bonus, and limit the
bank in the amount of its profits; and thus
all temptation to expansion would be taken
away, and thereby they would diminish the injury
to the country, while they would extend the bene-
fits to every rank. The great injury to the country
at the present time was the restriction cl' its cur-
rency, and its diminution to a gold and silverstand-
ard. He illustrated this part of the subject, by
stating its effect on sales under an expanded, in
Contrast with the prices under a contracted curren-
cy; and the difference produced in ihe ability of the
people to secure around ihem the comforts of life.
Now Ihis exchequer plan of his friend from Mas-
sachusetts, instead of increasing ihe circulating me-
diumof the country—inslead of enhancing the price
of labor—instead of operating as a remedy for exist-
ing evils, simply proposed that there should be dol-
lar for dollar thrown into circulaiion for the
amount of specie in their vaults. So far, there-
fore, as it operated on the prices of the labor and
property of the country, it would have no sort of
influence in remedying the evils wilh which the
couniry was afflicted. What, then, would it do?
Its only effect would be to enable the individual
that might have $1,000 in his possession, to de-
posite it in specie, and get that amount in portable
currency, that be might carry about him. Now,
was it worih while to create an institution which
would only have that effect so far as the currency
and business of the country was concerned? As a
mere fiscal agent, its operation would not be more
beneficial than the sub-treasury; and, as that had
been condemned both by the popular voice and by
the existing Administration; and as it was not,
under present circumstances, likely to be resorted
to by either party, it was not necessary for him to
pursus that point of his argument. As to the ex-
chequer, so far as the currency was concerned, it
would have no sort of effect whatever, because it
would create no scrt of additional circulation. It
would only give as much paper circulation as its
operations would abstract from the specie circu-
lation of the country; and, therefore, it would not
remedy the existing evils produced by a limited
amount of currency.
In ihe progress of the debate, a great many argu-
ments had been urged, which he would like to have
time to reply to; but, as it was impossible to go into
a discussion of the objects, views, and principles of
parties and of men, he should very briefly notice
a few things that had been said, and bring his re-
marks to a close.
It had been said on tbat floor that the Whig
party was prostrate, and that it was incapable of
making any effort hereafter to resuscitate itself from
the overthrow it had sustained from the Democratic
party in the fall elections. He believed that these
declarations, made from various quarters, pro-
ceeded more from the fears of the individuals ma-
king them, than from the solid convictions of their
judgments. The only real foundation on which
these declarations rested, was the example set by
the New York elections of last fall. He would
not take the time to go into all the circumstances
connected with these elections; but every gentle-
man who looked at them, and compared them with
the elections of 1840, would find that there were
more than 40,000 individuals who did not go to the
polls.
[A member here said: "Pipe-laying had ceased;"
and another was heard to say: "The times were so
hard, that they had no money to expend in elec-
tions."]
Yes, sir: there were more than 40,000 persons
who did not vote at all. The successful candidate
fell short of the vote of 1840 more than 4,000 votes;
and the defeated candidate more than 20,000.
Now, had these voters changed their opinions? and
was there any evidence that Ihey would not vote in
1844 as they did in 1840? There was no evidence
of it; and those gentlemen who boast of the result
felt very much as Bob Bailey the duellist did,
when his adversary fell at the first fire. This
worthy said tbat, when he saw bis antagonist fall
before him, his first sensation was fear lest he
might get up again, and demand another fire.
So it was with the Democrats exulting over
iheir late victory in New York; they were afraid of
meeting their adversaries a second time. He ad-
milted that some things had happened which had a
tendency so to sour and chagrin great numbers of
the Whig party, that they refrained from going to
the polls; but he confidently believed ihat the great
motives which kept them away in 1842, would
carry them to the rolls in 1844. Everylhing was
tending to form parties on principles, and not on
men; and issues made up on principles alone
would induce • people to go to the polls and vote.
Those who had kept away from the polls had seen
that their votes would do no good; and therefore
they had, in perfect disgust at those who had pre-
vented the adoption of the measures they believed
indispensable to the welfare of the country, refrain-
ed from voting at the late elections.
How was it in Ohio? The Democratic triumph
there was a minority triumph, and they had a mi-
nority Governor. There was also the same falling
off in the number of votes polled, as was exhibited
in the New York elections. Sir, the conduct of the
guard and of Mr. Tyler had kept the people away
irom the polls. [A member asked: Will not the
same conduct continue?] No, sir, you can't keep
them away in 1844. The constitutional fact will com-
pel them to go. The time has not yet arrived when
it is necessary fo them to exert themselves; but the
demonstration they made in 1842 in behalf of prin-
cip'es of 1840, will convince their adversaries that
the Whig party are strong and united. [A voice:
• What are the principles of 1840?"1
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] said
the other day, that, if waked up at six o'clock any
morning, he could have told what John Tyler
would do in rega"rd to a bank of the United States—
that a bank bill would not be signed by him.
That was information which the people of this coun-
try had not in their possession. It was not be*
lieved in his section of the country. The very
fact that Mr. Tyler attended the Harrisburg con-
vention—the very fact, which was known, that
Mr. Clay was his favorite candidate for the Presi-
dency, was enough to show tbat he woi Id have
approved and signed anything that Mr. p|ay
would have approved and signed. Now, he wofila
ask with what consistency could Mr. Tyler, after
being in favor of Mr. Clay's selection for the Presi-
dency, who was known to be the advocate of &
United States bank, pretend that he was not looked
upon as being also in favor of that measure? .
Mr. BIDLACK besged leave to interrupt the
gentleman, and ask him if Mr. Clay himself had
not, on various occasions, and particularly at
Hanover court-house, disclaimed that he was in.
favor of a national bank.
Mr. UNDERWOOD had never heard any such
disclaimer imputed to Mr. Clay since the Harris-
burg convention. If there had been any such dis-
claimer, he would thank the gentleman to show it.(
Mr. BIDLACK said that such a disclaimer had
twice before been brought to the notice of the
House; and in a speech which he had made, ha
had produced the proof from documentary evi-
dence. He referred particularly to the Hanover
speech.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said that the speech would
speak for itself. He was not aware of any such
evidence. But if Mr. Tyler was not pledged to
approve ihe measures of Mr. Clay—if he was de-
sirous to nominate him for the Presidency, and ac-
tually shed tears, as it was said, because he did not
receive the nomination, were there not good grounds
to believe tbat he would approve a national bank
bill? What were they to say in regard to the testi-
mony of Hill and Owen of North Carolina, who
testified that Mr. Tyler expressly told them that
- his opinions in relation to a national bank had un-
dergone a change? He had not heaid ths veracity
of these gentlemen questioned; and yet here was
a direct issue between them and Mr. Tyler on this
subject.
Mr. WISE would inquire of the honorable gen-
tleman from Kentucky, whether, during the can-
vass for the Presidency of 1840, he saw the address
which was put forth by the Central Harrison Com-
mittee of Virginia? That address was published
in all the Richmond papers; and it would be found
there asserted, not only that Mr. Tyler would not
sign a bank bill, but that General Harrison would
not Hgn one. He would ask the gentleman if he
ever read that address.
Mr. UNDERWOOD did not recollect that.he
had ever read it. He did not refer to these nu-
merous addresses, made throughout the country
during Ifce presidential canvass.
Mr. RAYNER asked leave to make an expla-
nation, as reference had been made to two gentle-
men of his Stale. The charge they made was, that
Mr. Tyler positively informed them that his opin-
ions upon the constitutionality of a bank of the
United States had changed. This was published
in the papers of the qpuntry; and Mr. Tyler dodged
the question, by saying that he never expressed any
such opinion in the Harrisburg convention.
Mr. WISE observed that, if bis friend from
Kentucky would permit him, he would undertake
to say that the President had denied that he ever
made any such declaration at all. The gentleman
need not, therefore, say that he dodged the ques-
tion. The President had denied, and published to
the world the denial, that he made any such de-
claration whatever to Gen. Owen, Mr. Hill, or any-
body else.
Mr. UNDERWOOD observed that his time was
drawing to a close, and he would, therefore, go on
with his remarks, and, as he hoped, without any
more interruptions. The Virginia Wh'gs might
have written and published an address, such as the
gentleman alluded to, and it might have been de-
signed to operate on that State alone. The great
error of the Whig party, and for which he believed
the judgment of Heaven had fallen upon them,
was their selecting John Tyler as their candidate
for the Vice Presidency, in the hope of carrying the
State of Virginia. Instead of selecting a man who
was knojrn to have co-operated with them in all
