eOKOREBSIONAL GLOBE.
■w$
Whenever a claim asain3t the United States of any description
has been or shall be presented to either House, and referred to
a committee, and such committee shall have made a report in
writing against the allowance of the claim, and the same shall
hare been concurred in by such House, it shall not be in order
to revive the consideration of such claim in that House, at the
same or any future session of Congress, either by bill, resolu-
tion. petition, or otherwise, except upon a memorial of the
claimant, first setting forth, upon affidavit, that he Has discover-
ed new evidence in support of his claim since the decision against
it, and a statementof the substance of such evidence; or, second,
assigning specific errors in the report of the committee adverse
to it: Provided, That an order discharging a committee from
the further consideration of a claim, shall in nowise require a
compliance with this rule.
Mr. TALIAFERRO opposed the proposition,
and asked for information.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN called for its reading; and
it was again read. [Cries of "Good;" "That's
right."]
Mr. GIDDINGS advocated the proposition.
Mr. TALIAFERRO contended that it would be
unjust to adopt such a rule, without giving previous
notice to the country.
Mr. GIDDINGS rejoined.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN took the ground that it
would be unjust, and be committing a gross piece
of injustice to adopt such a rule. He doubted the
right of Congress to cut off ihe right of appeal to
the equity, justice, and consideration of a future
Congress.
Mr. GRAHAM advocated the proposed rule;
and contended that it was rendered necessary by
the constant practice of presenting the same claim
over and over again for years, after it had been
rejected by each successive Congress.
Mr. EVERETT called for the reading of the
resolution; which was again read.
Mr. EVERETT moved to lay the resolution on
the table; but, at the solicitation of Mr. RAYNER,
he withdrew it.
The debate was then continued by Messrs. RAY-
NER, TILLINGHAST, REYNOLDS, and HOP-
KINS, who concluded by renewing the motion to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GRAHAM called for the yeas and nays on
the question; which being ordered, were taken,
and resulted in yeas 80, nays 129.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was not agreed to.
The morning hour having expired, the resolu.
lion was therefore laid over till to-morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of ihe Chair what
would be the next business in ordet?
The SPEAKER replied that the report and res-
olutions of the Commitieeof Ways and Means,
together with the pending questions on that sub'
ject, were now in order.
Mr. FILLMORE said he wou'd then appeal to
the House to know whether they would not, by
general consent, permit this subject to be laid over,
with the understanding that the previous question
should be withdrawn, and that the further consid-
eration of it be postponed till Monday week, and
made the special order of the day for that day. In
the mean time, Mr. F. hoped that the printing of
the extra copies of the report of the committee,
and the minority report, would be ordered.
Mr. EVERETT made a few remark.', in too
low a tone to be heard by the reporter.
Mr. BIDLACK observed that he should have
no objection to the postponement, but that he had
made a pledge yesterday to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] which he should
like to redeem. That gentleman denipd that he
could furnish proof that Mr. Clay disclaimed a na-
tional bank during the late Presidential contest,
and said that other expedients could be resorted to.
Mr. B. was now prepared with the proof he alluded
to, and wished to have an opportunity to show it.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the gentleman would
permit the question on printing to be taken first;
and Mr. B. assenting—
The question on printing the extra copies was
taken and carried.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped the question would be
next taken on the postponement till Monday week
Mr. WISE wished it to be understood that ihe
decision of this question was not to interfere with
the going into the Committee of the Whole on the
exchequer bill.
Mr. FILLMORE. Certainly,
Mr. CUSHING supposed also, with the under-
standing that the previous question should be with-
drawn; which was also agreed to.
Mr. BIDLACK rose and asked permission to
address the House, so as to redeem the pledge he
made yesterday to ihe gentleman from Kentucky.
He had the proof ready, and was prepared to pro-
duce it.
Mr. WISE presumed the gentleman could wait
till Monday week, when the whole subject would
come up.
Mr. BIDLACK said that he would not detain
the House ten minutes.
Cries of "Hear him," "Hear him."
Objection being made—
Mr. CUSHING said that he would move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the exchequer bill. Should this motion
prevail, the gentleman would have an opportunity
to make all the explanation he desired.
Mr.RAYNER asked if the motion of the gentle-
man would not interfere with the repeal of the
bankrupt act. If so, he was opposed to it.
Mr. CUSHING having called for the yeas and
nays orf his motion, the question was taken and
resulted in yeas 101, nays 104, as follows:
YEAS-JMessrs. Allen, Arnold, Aycrigg, Baker Barnard,
Barton, Bidlack, Black, Blair, Borden, Bowne, Boyd, Briges,
Bronson, Buroell, Green W, Caldwell, Patriot C. Caldwell,
Calhoun, John Campbell, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
Staley N. Clarke, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cran-
ston, Cross, Cushion, Dawson, John Edwards, Egbert,
Ferris, Pessenden, Fillmore, John (J. Floyd, Fornance, Gam*
ble, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G. Goode, William O. Goode,
Granger, Gwin, Halsted, Hays, Henry, Holmes, Howard,
Hubard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, James Irvin,
William W. Irwin, William Cost Johnson, Isaac T). Jones,
Lewis, Robert McClellan, McKeon, Mallory, Mitchell, Mor-
gan, Morrow. Osborne, Pendleton, Proffit, Benjamin Randall,
Rencher, Riagway, Rodney, Roosevelt, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Saunders, Shields, Slario,
William Smith, Stokely, Stratton, Sumter, Taliaferro, John
R Thompson, Tillinghast, Tomlinson, Trotti, Trumbull, V.in
Rensselaer, Ward, Warren, Watterson, Weller, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Wood, and
John, Youne—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, L. W. Andrews, S. J. Andrews,
Arrington, Atherton, Babeock, Bceson, lJirdseye, Boaidmnn,
Botts, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charles
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke, William Butler, William
B Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Cary, Casev, Chapman,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cravens, Daniel, G. Davis R. D.
Pavia, Dean, Deberry, Doiff, Eastman, John C. Edwavds,
Everett, ChailesA. Floyd, A. Lawrence Foster, Gentry, Gog-
gin, Gordon, Graham, Green, Harris, Hopkins, liouck, Hous-
ton, Jack, James, Cavo Johnson, Keim, John P. Kennedy,
Kinsr, Lane, Linn, LiUlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan,
McKay, McKennan, Marchand, A11 red Marshall, Samson Mason,
MaUiior, Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynanl, Medtll,
Meriwethor, Miller, Owsley, Parmenter, Ramsey, Alexander
Randall, Randolph. Rayner, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs,
Rogers, Shaw, Shepperd, Truman Smith, Snyder, Sprigg,
Stanly, Steonvocl, Alexander JI. IT Stuart, John T Stuart,
Summers, Sweney, Richard W. Thompson, Jacob Thomp-
son, Toland, Triplet!, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Wash-
ington, WeHtbrook, Christopher H. Williams, Yorke, and Au-
gustus Young—101.
Mr. HOLMES moved that the House go into
Committee of the Whole on the French spoliation
claims.
The molion was ruled out of order.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
On motion of Mr. EVERETT, the House re-
sumed the consideration of Ihe bill to repeal the
bankrupt law, together with the various t.mend-
aiems thereto.
Mr. McKEON (who had the floor) resumed
and concluded his remarks. He said he was aware
that objections had been made to such a discussion
as had been going on upon this measure; but if
gentlemen would rrcollpct the history of the House
<,( Representatives, they must perceive that de-
bites of this character would arise upon some sub-
ject brought brfore it during the session. He did
not know a subject on which it was more proper
than the present. It was a common thing in the
House of Commons of England for both parties
to discuss the measures of the ministry in general.
It was also common in this country. In the pres-
ent instance, the debate began with the majority of
the House, upon the lead of the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] who was followed by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Coshinq.J
and then by two colleagues of his own, [Messrs.
Bowne ar.d Gordon,] who separated from each
o'her. As these gentlemen had defined their posi-
tions, he intended to place himself right—speaking
his own individual opinions, and not those of any
one else.
It had been suggested to him to inquire what the
Democratic party should do, when the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] said that if
the Whigs would not support the administration,
the President must get support from their oppo-
nents'.
Mr. CUSHING desired to make a correction.
He did not wish to be judged either by the con- ggj
strnction or misconstruction of the gentleman,
Mr. McKEON said he would read from the
gentleman's speech. He then read the following
"Mr O. would say to gentlemen of all parties in the House,
and more especially to gentlemen constituting the majority in
Congress, if you will not co-operate with the President m
carrying on the Government, which is your highest duty, he
must seek the aid of your adversaries."
Mr. CUSHING. "Carrying on the Govern-
ment," not supporting the Administration.
Mr. McKEON. " Carrying on the Govern-
ment." What did that mean?
Mr. CUSHING said he would explain its mean-
ing.
Mr. McKEON said he could not yield the floor,
as he had but forty minutes leftr
Mr. CUSHING said he desired the House* to
observe this.
Mr. McKEON resumed, and again read from
the speech of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
as follows:
"If you Whigs will lock the wheels of the Government, I
trust aid will be found in the Democrats."
"What were the measures of this Administration
which the Democratic party were called on to ap-
plaud and support1! One of the strongest meas-
ures of the last session—he meant the remedial
justice bill, which took away from the State sov-
ereignties a portion of their judicial power, and
.transferred it to the Federal courts—received the
unbrohen and undivided vote of the Democratic
party against it. Yet this measure was recom-
mended by the President in his message of De-
cember, 1841. The President then said:
"I cannot fail, however, to sugeest to Congress the propriety,
and, in some degree, the necessity, of making such provisions
by law, so far as they may constitutionally do so, for the re-
moval at their commencement, and at the option of the party,
of all such cases as may hereafter arise, and which may involve
the faithful observance and execution of our international ob-
ligations, from tho State to the Federal Judiciary."
It was in pursuance of this recommendation that
the remedial-justice law was passed by the major-
ity in the House and the Senate. The Democratic
party opposed it at every step; but it received the
signatuie of the President, whom they were cailed
on to support! Again: the ground taken by Mr-
Webster (and, without doubt, sanctioned by. the
Executive) in his correspondence about the Mc-
Leod affair, was not approved by the Democratic
party. Were they now a ked to endorse if! Were
they also required to acquiesce in the distribution
bill, which the President signed, and which he de-
cidedly recommended, provided it did not render an
increase of the duties on imports above 20 per
cent.? In December, 1841, after the passage of the
bill, the President said:
"It might be esteemed desirable that no such augmentation
of the taxes should take place as would have the effect of an-
nulling the land-proceeds-distributiori act of the last session,
which act is declared to be inoperative the moment the duties
are increased beyond 20 per cent, the maximum rate estab-
lished by the coQipiomise act."
Thus it seemed that the President was exceed-
ingly anxious that the law should be carried into
effect.
But, he asked, were the Democrats to find rea-
son to support him on account of his course in the
Rhode Island affaii? Was it the loan bill which
commended him to favor? The gentleman from
Indiana'[Mr. Proffit] but the other day pictured
the glories of ihe Administration in eloquent
terms. "Who before this Administration, in a lime
of profound peace, bad ever witnessed the specta-
cle of an agent of the Government going about
the strrets of London to borrow money without
success? Was that one of the glories of thisAd-
miaistration? At the last session, it asked for in-
ordinate appropriations for the army and navy;
but, under the lead of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Caye Johnson,] a majority of the
House reduced them to a more moderate standard.
The President approved of the tariff bill, too,
which was the worst ever passed by an American
