CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
15?
and boiling of the political caldron, the scum of
that party was about to be thrown off.
Mr. R., in reply to various remarks made during
the debate, spoke until the expiration of his hour.
Mr. T. P. MARSHALL then obtained the floor,
but deferred his remarks until to-morrow.
THf5 UNITED STATES LOAN.
The SPEAKER submitted a communication
from the Treasury Department, enclosing a report
of the amount borrowed in pursuance of the bill
to authorize a loan.
The communication not being opened, several
gentlemen asked for its reading; whereupon the
Clerk read the accompanying letter of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, from which it appeared that
the amount borrowed under authority of the act of
Congress was $5,672,976 88.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the communica-
tjpn be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to inquire into the expe-
diency of modifying so much of the law as requires
the Secretary of the Treasury to report the amount
of the loan effected under par value.
Mr. SPRIGQ asked, was it not intended that the
communication should be printed?
Mr. FILLMORE said it might not be prudent
to print it.
The motion was then agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER submitted the following Execu-
tive communications:
A communication from the Navy Department,
cohteining a list of vessels built in the United
States since 1§26: laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
A communication from the War Department,
covering the report of Capt. Hughes's reconnois-
sance of the Ohio river: referred, on motion of Mr.
IRWIN, to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Navy Department,
showing in what manner the contingent fund of
that department had been expended: laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House call-
ing for information in relation to the alleged defal-
cation of Jesse Hoyt, late collector of the port of
New York: laid' on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, covering copies of the statement rendered by
the incorporated banks of the District of Colum-
bia: referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. S. MASON, the use of the
hall, on Tuesday next, was granted to the Colon-
ization Society.
Mr. ROOSEVELT gavo notice of bis intention
to move a suspension of the rule appropriating
three days to the consideration of Territorial busi-
ness.
TRIAL OP LOUALLIER.
Mr. BARNARD rose and said, that as the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary wished to obtaiu informa-
tion to aid them in their investigation of ihe matteis
before them relative to General Jackson'^ fins, ho
would ask the House to adopt the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to furnish
to this House a copy of all the papers and proceedings to lie
fountl m his department lelative to the arrest, and trial by
court Hlarlial, under the ordeis ol Oenenil Jackson, of E I„
JLouallier, (or Mr. Loualher, jr,) at New Oilcans, in March,
1815.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from ihe Senate were sev-
erally twice read, and referred :
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Monroe: re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill for the relief of persons residing within
the reputed limits of she States of Arkansas and
Louisiana, and beyond the boundary line between
the United States and the republic of Texas, as
establwbed by the commissioners, appointed to as-
certain the same: teferred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A, bill for the relief of Wm, De Buys, postmaster
at New Orleans: referred t<j the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
A bill to provide for ascertaining and disposing
of the lead mineral lands in the States of Illinois
and Arkansas, and Territories of Wisconsin and
Iowa, and for other purposes: referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A bill to re-enact and continue in operation the
several acts now in force for the relief of insolvent
debtors of the United States,: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A bill for the relief of Wareham Kingsley: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
A bill for the relief of claimants to indemnities
received from the British Government for loss
of slaves from on board the Comet and the Enco-
mium at Nassau, Bahamas: referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
The amendment of the Senate to the bill for the
relief of Joshua Drew was concurred in.
REDUCTION OP THE ARMY.
Mr. MERIWETHER offered the following
resolution, which was 'adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the propriety of reducing the number of commissioned
officers of the army, corresponding with the reduction of pri-
vates; whether the army may not be further reduced, by dis-
banding one or more regiments of infantry, or the second regi-
ment of dragoons; and whether a regiment or battalion of in-
fantry may noi be converted into marines.
PENSIONS IN WESTERN VIRGINIA.
On motion of Mr. HOPKINS, it was
Resolved, That Hie Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
pension agency at Wythevtlle, Virginia, for the counties of
Lee, Scott, Hussell, Tazewell, Washington, Smyth, Wythe,
Grayson, Cartoll, Pulaski, Mercer, and Giles.
On motion of Mr. ANDREWS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 13, 1843.
On motion by Mr. BARROW, it was ordered
that, when the Senate adjourn, it adjourn till Mon-
.day next.
The PRESIDENT pre tm. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from ihe State Department,
.transmitting, in compliance with a resolu'ion of the
Senate of the 21st of August last, information ob-
tained from the American consuls abroad as to the.
cost of all commodities imported by this country
from foreign countries, at the places from whence
imported, during the months of July, August, and
September of the past year, with the rates of in-
surance, freights, &c.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, (on whose mo-
tion the information was called for,) the commu-
nication was ordeied to lie on the table, and be
printed.
The PRESIDENT pro (em. also laid before the
Senate a report from the War Department in com-
pliance with the 5th section of the act of Congress
of 3d May, 1809, giving a statement of contracts
and agreement made by the late Board of Navy
Commissioners during the last year, not already
included in their .report to Congress of the 13th
December, 1842; which,
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
Uiica and Schenectady Railroad Company, pray-
ing that ihe tariff law may be so modified as to al-
low two years further for the imposing of railroad
iron free of duty; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. TAPF'AN presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Carrollton, Ohio, representing that they
view, with feelings of deep regret and mortification,
the gross injustice which has been done the Hon.
Amos Kendall for "a desire faithfully to perform the
duties of his office as Postmaster General, and to protect
Ihe public interest committed to his charge," in the suit
and rendition of judgment against him, in his in-
dividual capaci'y, m favor cf Wm. B. Stokes anil
oihers; and urge thai, where a public officpr arts
and performs his duties "faithfully," the Govern,
ment for which he thus acta should, iu justice, pro-
tect and defend him m person and properly in con-
nexion with such performance. The memorialists,
therefore, pray Congress to adopt some measures
that will extricate Mr. Kendall from the difficulties
growing out of his desire'to,gua{d the interests of
the United States faithfully.
Mr. T. moved that the memorial be referred to
a select committee. This proposition elicited some,
discussion as to the propriety of the proposed ref-
erence; in which Messrs. BERRIEN, GRAHAM,
ARCHER, CONRAD, KING, WALKER, and
TAPPAN participated.
The memorial was disposed of by referring it,
on the motion of Mr. BERRIEN, to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was ordered that
the memorial of a number of ship-owners of the town
of Robmaon, Maine, for a port of delivery at that
place, be taken from the files of the Senate, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from cer-
tain freeholders in the county of Erie, Pennsylva-
nia, remonstrating against the repeal of the bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Monroe, Michigan, for a like object; which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented a memoriat
from George B. Staler and others, of Connecticut,
praying an appropriation to complete certain im-
provements to the navigation of the river Thamesj
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it was ordered
that the petition and papers of Richard Patten be
taken from the files, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WOODBURY presented resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of New Hampshire, in relation
to the proceeds arising from the sales of ihe public
lands; declaring that the distribution thereof to the
States is unconstitutional, and recommending that
the distributive share of that State (whichshe declines
to accept) be applied to the general expenditures:
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Also, from the same source, a resolution re-
specting the postage on letters, and urging a re-
duction thereof; and recommending a limitation ott
the franking privilege, and certain other modifica-
tions of the post office laws: ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, from the same source, resolutions upon
the subject of the bankrupt law, the tariff lair, and
the distribution law, urging the propriety of their
repeal; and requesting the Representatives and in-
structing the Senators from that State to vote for
their repeal: ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Mr. KERR presented a memorial,signed by 160
citiz'nsof Baltimore, chiefly business men, remon-
strating against the repeal of the bankrupt law: re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GRAHAM, on leave, introduced a bill di-
recting a survey of a direct communication between
Albemarle Sound and the Atlantic ocean; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Commiltee on Pension?,
made reports (which were ordered to be printed)
on ihe following bills fri-m the Houve, and adverse
to iheir passage, viz:
The bill for the relief of Richard Marsh.
The bill for the relief of A. Spear, the widow of
John Spear.
The bill for ihe relief of Alice Usher,
The bill for the relief of Mary Williams, widow
of Jacob Williams, deceased.
Mr. PHELPS, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of Jonathan.
Brown, praying for a pension; which was order
to be printed.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill for
the relief of John Wharry.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, made reports (which were order-*
