160
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which was referred the bill from the Senate, for
the relief of Ephraim H, Dickson, made an unfa-
vorable report thereon.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the Governor
of the State of Arkansas to select six sections of
land under the act for the admission of said State
into the Union: read twice and referred.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, ordered
that the second Thursday and Friday of February
next be set apart for the consideration of business
relating to the District of Columbia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Colombia, reported a biil to extend
the charter qf certain banks in said District; read
twice, and referred.
. Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, from the Committee
on. Public Lands, reported a bill to grant a town-
ship of land to the Virginia Institution for the edu-
cation of the blind, deaf, and dumb; lead twice,
and referred.
Mr. CUSHING moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union: rejected without a division.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS gave notice that he
would to-morrow ask leave to introduce a bill to
reduce the number of persons in the employment
of the Government at the port of New York.
Mr. LEVY submitted the following resolution,
which was considered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be required to furnish
to this House a copy of the report and survey of the mouth of
the Suwanee river in Florida, and the estimate for said work;
and that he also furnish to this House an estimate of the cost of
•urveyingaronte for a railroad to connect the waters ol the
St. John's and Suwanee rivers.
Mr. MARK A. COOPER submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which lies over one daj:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to in-
quire into the expediency and justice of refunding to the State
of Georgia an unliquidated balance paid by thai State for vol
unteers ordered out m the years 1835,1836, 1837, and 1838, and
notembraced in the law of last session providing for this claim,
PINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
The resolution introduced by Mr. BoWne, to
instruct the Committee on the Judiciary to bring
in a bill to refund the fine extorted from General
Jackson at New Orleans, in 1815, by Judge Hall,
came up as the business of the morning hour.
The amendment submitted by Mt. Adams, to
refer the subject, with certain instructions, to the
same committee, being the pending question—
Mr. HUNT (who had the floor) ofctrvtd that,
coming into the House as he did, at the commence-
ment of the set-sion, just recovering from a severe
indisposition, he had prescribed to himself the
course of a silent member, attending to ihe public
business, and casting a silent vote as his conscience
dictated. He should have adhered to that deter-
mination, but for the sttange, and, to him, alarm-
ing legal proposition put forward by the genthman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingersoll,] in con-
nexion with the case now under consideration.
Feeble as he was, he could not consent to give a
silent vote upon the question stated by bim, when
that question had been placed on the ground as-
sumed by the gentleman. He had been relieved
somewhat from the effect produced by the startling
proposition to which he had just alluded, m refer-
ence to the law that should govern this and simi-
lar cases—that was, in reference to the supremacy of
civil over military law—m consequence of the
ground on which the gentlemau from Kentucky
[Mr. W. 0. Butlcr] h?J placed it. He under-
stood that gentleman distinctly to avow that Gen-
eral Jackson himself never claimed that the military
was superior to the civil power; and he understood
the gentleman further, in the course of his able and
eloquent remarks, which were listened to by himself,
as well as the House, with the greatest pleasure,
distinctly to say that he placed the refunding ot
this fine upon the ground that Genera! Jackson,
under the circumstances in which he found him-
self, acted from an overruling necessny. If,
therefore, the case was to come before the House
placed on that ground, it was stripped of the ob-
jectionable features thrown round it by the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. A bill
had been reported in the other House, proposing to
refund this fine; and it was placed on the ground
of the meritorious, services rendered by General
Jackson, without casting the slightest reflection
upon the judge who imposed the fine, and giving
no intimation that the military was superior to the
6ivil power. It was placed on the ground that
General Jackson, in the honesty of his motives,
was placed under the necessity, for the time being,
of prostrating or closing up' the civil tribunals; or,
to use his own language, proclaim martial law.
He did not say that, placing it on that footing, he
would vote for the refunding of this fine; all he
meant to say was, that placing it on these grounds
would relieve it from the objectionable features
thrown around it by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Having but a brief portion of the morning hour
left him, he proposed, as succinctly as possible, to
place before the House his own views of the legal
grounds on which this case rested; and, in order to
do that more intelligibly, he should endeavor to
present to the notice of the House the laws bearing
on it, exclusive of any opinions of his own. If he
succeeded in getting through with the legal ques-
tion before the expiration of his hour, he should
then, with the leave of the House, proceed to give
his own opinions on it.
Now, in order to understand the principles
which ought to govern this question, he asked the
House calmly to consider what it was. Laying out
of view many of the circumstances which it would
be necessary to take into consideration, and which
would take from General Jackson all pretence that
the proclamation of martial law was indispensable
to the preservation of the city he defended, he
would present a statement of facts, according to
dates, which it would be important to consider m
coming to a decision on this question. The battle
of New Orleans, as was known to all, was fought
on the 8th of January, 1815; and, on the 3d of
March following, an article appeared in the New
Oileans Courier, signed "A Citizen of Louisiana,
of French origin," and which article was written
by a Mr. Louallier. On the 5th of Match, Lou-
alher was arrested by order of General Jackson;
and, on the same day, application was made to
Judge Hall, the district judge of Louisiana, for a
writ of habeas corpus in his favor. The order wa?
ifsued by the Judge; and, in issuing it, the writ was
made returnable on Monday, the 8th. The Judge
dated the order on the 6th. It was ascertained,
before the writ was issued, or before it passed
out of his control, that there was a rhistake; and
the J udge was called on to correct it, which was
done by dating it the 6th. On the evening of that
day the counsel of Louallier, at the suggestion of
Judge Hall, apprized General Jackson of these
proceedings, and that a writ of habeas corpus had
been issued. On that day Judge Hall himself was
arrested by General Jackson's order; aad, on the
morning of the 6th, before breakfast, a court-raw-
tial wai appointed to sit on the life of Louallier.
Judge Hall was kept in confinement from the 5th
to the 11th or 12th, and then taken byt a guard of
regular soldiers without the limits of 'the city, and
discharged. Gentlemen would find the truth of
this statement in Senate Doc. No. 14 of the pres-
ent session.
Now) the first question he wished to ask was
this: had General Jackson any authority to declare
martial law? He wished to meet thi<; broad ques-
tioa, because he thought the time had arrived when
it should be settled, while they could do it, instead
of transferring it to posterity, when it would be
more difficult of settlement. Had, then, General
Jackson, or had any military officer, even in time
of war, the right to proclaim martial law, and to
suspend the civil proceedings of the tribunals of
the country? It was important to answer this
question; otherwise, it might become a precedent
of most dangerous import hereafter. He un-
dertook to show that neither General Jackson
ncr any other military officer had any such
authority, (and on this point he thought t'ne
country was much indebted to a writer who
had been often quoted on this floor, in opposition to
the right to such authority of any military power;)
but he did not contend that, in time of war, a mili-
tary commander might not find himself placed in
circumstances as described by a gentleman from
Kentucky, who had preceded him in this debate,
in which an overruling necessity might compel
him to invade the rights of property and of per-
sons; but of that necessity such officer must judge,
and act at his peril. He admitted that the neces-
sity might exist for a commander to burn houses
and take property; but the Government would be
under the necessity of making compensation for
property so destroyed or taken; and as it was over-
ruling necessity that afforded the law for such a
procedure, there was not—there could not be—any
provision made for it by law in advance. Ia
illustration of this position, he showed that com-
pensation was made for property destroyed in the
defence of Baltimore.
He next quoted the Bth section of the 1st article
of the Constitution, which provides that "the privi-
lege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended, unless when, in cases of rebellion or inva-
sion, the public safety may require it;" and he ask-
ed who was to be thejadge of that necessity? Was
it the President of the United States, or any subordi-
nate officer in command? No; it was the Legisla-
ture of the country that was the judge, and the
only judge, of that necessity. He supported this
position by citing the practice of Mr. Jefferson, who
in 1807, as President of the United States, applied
to Congress for a temporary suspension of the writ
of habeas corpus for three months; which, however,
was refused by the House of Representatives,
where the bill was defeated, which had passed the
Senate for that purpose. Where, then, was the
authority found by which General Jackson pro-
claimed martial law? It was certainly not in the
Constitution; for he found no countenance for the
exercise of it there; nor yet in the history of Eng-
land, whence the habeas corpus, as well as the prin-
ciples of freedom on which our system is based,
was derived. The habeas corpus was one of the
boons which tha siurdy Barons wrested from King
John at Runnymede; and when had there been
any attempt to suspend it there? Besides, eminent
legal authority had distinctly stated that the
doctrine of military or martial law as laid down
in Blackstone and Holt, had no application to
England; and surely the inhabitants of this coun-
try ought to have as great protection for life and
property, as was enjoyed there under that law.
He next glanced at the trial of Louallier by a
a drum-head court-martial, (for which he was un-
derstood to contend that General Jackson had
no legal authority,) for the purpose of opposing
the declaration of General Jackson's friends and
defenders, that the imposition of the fine was a
usurpation of authority, i<nd an unjust judgment,
which they were called upon to wipe away. By
the citation of the articles of war, &c., he showed
the authority of a commandcr, which, however,
he asserted did not extent so far as General Jack-
son appeared to have supposed.
Thus he had presented one portion of his case.
He had asked the friends of General Jackson to
show him where General Jackson, or any other
military commander, got his authority to suspend
the writ of habeas corpus?—where he got his au-
thority for ihe arrest and trial of Louallier by a
drum-head court-martial? And lie thoBght he had
not left it on tha* ground, and with interrogations
only; for he hid shown affirmatively, on the other
hand, that the Constitution guarantied the right of
ihe writ of habeas corpus, except in urgent cases;
and he had shown further the opinion of Mr. Jef-
ferson, by his.praciice, and the action of the Legis-
lature, in relation to an abrogation of that right,
from which it wis evident it was not conceded that
a subordinate officer possessed such authority.
The SPEAKER here announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
Several Senate bills were read twice, and re-
ferred.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting the
annual statement of contracts made by the Navy
Department for and during the year 1842, in bt«
half of the United States, sent to Congress in pur-
suance of the act of 3d of March, 1809; which
letter and statement were laid on the table.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from James D. Doty, Governor of the Ter-
ritory of Wisconsin, enclosing a printed comiM-
