162
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
establishment of schools of instruction, in the naval
service of ihe United States.
Also, from the same committee, made a re-
port (which was ordered to be printed) adverse
to the passage of House bill (356) for the relief of
Lloyd J. Bryan.
Also reported, from the same committee, a bill
for the relief of Richard Patten; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BENTON presented a petition from John
F. Delaplaine, a native citizen of the United States,
representing that he has lost more than a million
of dollars by the bankrupt law, and that be will
lose all he is worth, unless it be repealed; he
therefor#prays for its repeal: referred to the Judi-
ciary Committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the bill
for the relief of Robert Ramsay.
Also, from the same committee, made a report
(which was ordered to be printed,) adverse to the
passage of the bill for the relief of Susan Brown.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the
bill to revive the act entitled "An act to enable
the claimants to lands within the limits of Missouri
and the Tsrritory of Arkansas to institute pro-
ceedings to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the 26ih of May, 1824; and an act to amend
the same, and extending the provisions of said act
lo claimants to land within the States of Louisiana
and Mississippi.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on Patents,
reported back, without amendment, the bill for ex-
fending the Patent Office to 9,h street.
V Also, from the same committee, to which had
been referred the petition of Charles M. Keller,
praying that so much of the patent law as prohibit-
ed any person in the Patent Office from taking out
a right for inventions, be suspended, so as to extend
the benefits of the patent law to an invention of
bis for propelling steamships, reported a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to second read-
ing.
Mr. KING presented a petition from Mr. Stew-
art, of Washington city, administrator of Captain
William Walker, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to settle, on principles of
justice and equity, the claim of said Walker for
services in taking a delegation of Creek Indians to
Washington, and for certain expenditures of money
on their account, which was disallowed him by the
disbursing officers: referred to the Committee, on
Claims.
Mr. PHELPS moved to take up the Senate bill
No. 25, te authorize the settlement of the account
of Joseph Nonrse; which had been laid on the
table, at his instaBce, some time ago.
The bill was accordingly taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole, and read. No amendment be
ing offered, it was reported back to the Senate;
when
Mr, KING moved to'strike out so much of the
bill as awards interest to the Claimant. He made
strong objection to the whole principle of the bill,
which bad, within a few years, become a practice.
The principle was, to get a decision of the courts
in favor of a claim, without any authority from
CoDgress te try the issue against the United
States.
Mr. WALKER pointed out an act of Congress,
in conformity with which the decision in this case
had been made by the courts, and confirmed by the
Supreme Court, vtj'on points contended throughout
by the district attorney. He said the interest al-
lowed was only from the time of the decision in
favor of ihe claimant.
Mr. KING called for the yeas and nays on bis
motion to strike out the portion of the bill allowirg
interest; which were ordered.
The motion resulted in the negative—yeas 16,
nays 17.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
reasl a third lime.
The CHAIR announced that the unfinished
business of last week was next in order, being the
bill for the settlement and occupation of thf Ter-
ritory of Oregon. •
Mr. CttOATE was entitled to the floor, but
hoped the Senator from Missouri would have no
objection to the bill being passed over informally
till to-morrow.
No dissent being expressed, it was passed over
informally.
The special orders were next called up; but,
Mr. PHELPS made an appeal to the Senate
to take up a private bill for the relief of Thomas
Pillebrown, jr.
On the motion to take up this bill, a quorum did
not vote.
Mr. LINN said his only reason for voting in the
negative was, that he thought the bill would inter-
fere with the special orders; on one of which it
might be the desire of the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
TiPPAN] to address the Senate.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that it was a matter
of indifference to him when he should offer the
few observations he bad to make.
Mr. PHELPS explained the necessity which he
conceived existed for taking up the private bill he
bad mentioned.
On the question to take it up, there were 14
ayes, and 14 noes.
So it was decided in the negative.
The special order then proceeded; being the joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, so as to limit the term
of office of the judges of the supreme and inferior
courts.
The joint resolution was read; and the question
beiDg on its adoption,
Mr. TAPPAN, by whom it had been introduced,
explained at considerable length its objects and
necessity.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut followed in a speech
of much research, pointing out the difference be-
tween the Government of this country and that of
England, and showing that the independence of the
judges in Great Britain was proper against the
sovereign power; but only proper here against the
executive and legislative power, returning to the
people at stated times their legitimate control.
Mr. BERRIEN did not suppose any considera-
ble number of Senators could be in favor of any
change; and therefore conceived it unnecessary to
argue the subject. Pie merely called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question on the adoption of the joint reso-
lution was then taken by yeas and nays, and resulted
in the negative, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton, Linn,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wilcox, and
Woodbury—II.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bales, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Ciafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Kerr, McDuffie, Mangum, Miller, Merrick, Phelps, Porter,
Hives, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbrldge- -
24.
Senate bill No. 65, for the relief of Samuel
Dicey, was then taken up and ordered to a third
reading. Also House bill, No. 397, for the relief
of Mary Tucker.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 16, 1843.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petitions of L. F.
Wheeler and six other merchants and shipmas-
ters of Eastpsrt; of James Moore and twelve other
merchants and shipmasters of Machiasport; and of
Barnabas Strout and nineteen other merchants and
of shipmasters of Cherryfield—all praying for an
appropriation to improva the navigation of Penob-
scot bay, Maine; which were referred to the Com-
mi'tee on Commerce.
Mr. PLUMER presented a petition, numerously
i-igned by citizens of West Pennsylvania, praying
for the unconditiesal repeal of the bankrupt law,
Mr. REYNOLDS presented petitions of citi-
zens of the Slate of Illinois, praying a grant of a
section of land to each male inhabitant of. the age
of twenty-one years, who shall emigrate to, settle on,
and cultivate the soil in the Territory of Oregon;
which petitions, together with proceedings of a
public meeting of citizens of Alton, in the same
State, upon the same subject, were referred to a
select committee.
Mr. WISE rose to present two memorials—one
from citizens of Baltimore, and the other from
citizens of Philadelphia—in relation to the ex-
chequer; which he moved to refer to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ARNOLD objected to the presentation of
those petitions, and to all other business that was
out of order.
THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. CLIFFORD inquired if this was not res-
olution day, and if resolutions were not in order from
the State of Maine. As the Speaker was un-
derstood to assent, he offered a resolution to the
effect that the Judiciary Committee be instructed
to report forthwith the folio wing bill to repeal the
bankrupt act. [The bill referred to in the resolu-
tion simply provided that the bankrupt law "be,
and the same if, hereby repealed."]
Mr. ARNOLD objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. TOLAND was also understood te urge some
objection.
Mr. WINTHROP rose to a point of order; and
inquired whether it was in order to introduce a
resolution instructing a committee on a subject
pending in the House.
Mr. CLIFFORD replied that this was a sepa-
rate bill altogether, and essentially different from
any other before the House.
The SPEAKER overruled all the objections
which bad been raised.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved the previous question
on his resolution.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the yeas and nays;
which being ordered, resulted as follows: yeas 81,
nays 110:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrew#, Ar-
nold, Aycrigg, Baker, Barnard, Blair, Borden, Bnggs, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun, Childs, Staley N. Clarke,
James Coopei, Coweu, Cranston, Cravens, Cushing, Dawson,
John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gentry, Giddings,
Patrick G. Goode, Granger, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt. Joseph R. Ingersell, James Irvm, William W. Irwin,
Jamea, John P.Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, ThomasF.
Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Meri-
wether, Moore, Morgan, Oliver, Osborne, Pearce, Pendleton,
Powell, B. Randall,Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Wm. Russell,
James M- Russell, Truman Smith, Sollers, Stokely, Stratton,
Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren, Washington, Joseph
L. White, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wm-
throp, Yorke, A. Young, and John Young—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Arnngton, Atherton,
Barton, Beeson, Birdseye, Black, Boardman, Botts, Brewster,
Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, William
Butler, Green W. Caldwell. Patrick C, Caldwell, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Caiy. Casey, Chap,
man, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Cross,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, Richard D Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doig,
Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, John G. Floyd, Charles
A. Floyd, Fornance, A. Lawrence Foster, Goggin, William O.
Goode, Gordon, Green, Gustine, Gwin, Harris, Hopkins,
Houck, Houston, Ilubard, Hunter, Jack, Cave Johnson,
Kcirn, A. Kennedy, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell, A McClellan, R.
McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Marchand, Alfred Marshal!,
Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Morris, New-
hard, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Payne, Plumer, Ramsey,
Read, Reding, Reynolds, Rheit, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Sanford, Saunders, Sewell, Shaw, Snyder, Steenrod, A. H. H.
Stuart, JohnT. Stuart, Summers, Sweney, Taliaferro, John
B. Thompson, Tillinghast, Trotti, Turaey, Underwood, Ward,
Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Wise, andWood—110.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
previous question.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for tellers, and
Messrs. C. Johnson and James were appointed;
and, havjng taken the vote, they reported 91 ia the
affirmative, and 79 in the negative.
So the motion for the previous question was
seconded.
The question recurred, ''Shall the main question
be now putl"
Mr. BARNARD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted— yeas 115, nays
88, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaft' W. Andrews, Arrington, Atherton,
Barton, Beeson, BidUck, Bmlseye, Black, Bowne, Boyd,
Brewster, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown,Charles Brown, Burke,
Wm. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Wil-
liam B. Campbell, T. J. Campbell, Caiuthers, Cary, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper,
Cross, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Hichard D Davis. Dean, De.
berry, Doig, Eastman, John C Edwards, Egbert, Ferris, John
G.Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, A. L. Foster, Gentry,
Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goode. Gordon, Green, Gustine,
Gwin, Harris, Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston,
Hubard, Hunter. Jack, Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kenne-
dy, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert
