CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
general report. Every member ot" ibe committee,
as far as he could observe, was well disposed to-
wards the object in view, and all were aware at
the importance of the naviga ion of these Western
fivers, and of the necessity for doing something to
attest the losses complained of.
The committee had imposed on him the task of
collating the materials and making up the report,
which he was at present engaged upon, and hoj-ed
wortld be ready for consideration in a few days.
When the report is completed, it will be found that
the printing of this memorial, or of thai from Cin-
cinnati, separately, will be unnecessary; as all that
they contain will be introduced in the report it-
self.
Mr. CALHOUN said, in the absence of a rep-
resentation of the State of Tennessee in this body,
he thought it proper to call the attention of the
committee to one of the main branches of the
Mississippi river, which had apparently been en-
tirely overlooked: he alluded to the Tennessee river.
That river was, he believed, of more importance
than any other of the branches of the Mississippi,
With the exception of the Ohio. There were no
less than six States interested in the navigation of
that river. It was a larger stream than the Ohio,
and, if the same expense were bestowed upon it,
as upon the Ohio river, he would not be at all sur-
prised to see, in the course of ten years, the com-
merce upon that river exceed that of the Ohio.
He hoped that the interests of Tennessee would not
be allowed to suffer, in consequence of having no
representation here; but that the committee would
inquire how far this great river was entitled to their
attention; and that they would establish some
principle upon which the navigation of these great
internal seas—for such, to all intents, they were—
might be improved; and to see how far this great
river was entitled to their attention, on the princi-
ple thus established.
He believed the time was not far distant when a
large proportion of the commerce of the Missis-
sippi would pass through this channel. There
was already in process of construction a railroad
connecting the city of Savannah wiih the Tennes-
see river—a very considerable portion of which
was now nearly completed, being graded, and ready
to receive the iron. It would require but small ex-
pense to open a continuous road from Charleston,
on the one side, to the Tennessee river on the
other; which would afford, at all seasons of the year,
a more speedy communication than any line upon
the Atlantic coast.
Mr. BENTON rose to invite the aitention of the
committee to the appropriation of $100,000, made
at the last session of Congress, for removing ob-
structions in the Mississippi river, and other gieat
Western rivers. He read the appropriation, in
these words:
"For building anil repairing the necessary boats, and foi cai-
rying on the improvements on the Missouri, Mississippi, Ohio,
and Arkansas rivers, one hundred thousand ityllats, under the
direction ofthe Secretary of War; and for the preservation and
repairs of public works heretofore constructed for the nnprsve-
ment ot harbors, thirty thousand dollars."
The appropriation for the rivers (Mr. 13. said)
was made on the motion of the Senator from Ken-
tucky farthest on the other side, [Mr. Critten-
den;] and he would wish the commtttee to ascer-
tain how far it had been applied.
He (Mr. E.) had been on the Mississippi and
Missouri since the appropriation. That was made
in August, and he had been on the river in October
and November; at which time he saw no employ-
ment of these snag-boats. The destruction of the
commercial boats was the greatest that ever was
known. He had passed one (the Eliza) immedi-
ately after its loss—the top was visible above the
water—and where forty lives, to say nothing of
property, were supposed to be lost. It was ago-
nizing to behold the survivors wandering among the
trees on the shore, consumed by grief, and linger-
ing at the spot where the dearest of objects had
gone to the bottom. He saw this soon after it
happened. It was one of numerous instances;
and not only farther appropriations were needed,
but it was well to know how far the one of the last
session had been applied.
Mr. WALKER called the attention of the com-
mittee to a navigable tributary of the Mississippi
river, flowing 600 miles through a country that
furnished a larger contribution of cotton to the
commerce of the South, than either the Tennessee,
the Red river, or the Arkansas. He alluded to the
Yazoo, river. If the attention of the committee
was to be directed to the improvements of the
rivers just mentioned, he should require an ex-
tension of the appropriation for that purpose to the
necessary improvements of the Yazoo. Mr. W.
entered into a variety of details, showing the im-
portance and value of the navigation of the
Yazoo river and its connecting rivers and passes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN said he regretted that any-
thing like disputation should occur at this early
stage of the business, as to the extent of the im-
provements to be made, and as to the rivers to be
improved. He hoped that something would be
done in relation to the great rivers of the West—
the Mississippi and the Ohio, and perhaps some
others; but if they were going to include all the in-
ferior streams, it was perfectly evident, as had
been well said by the Senator from Alabama, [Mr.
Kino,] they would not be able to legislate upon the
subject at all. The Mississippi and the Ohio rivers
were to those Slates whose boundary they formed,
what the ocean was to our Atlantic brethren; and
it would be found, upon examination, that there
was a greater amount of commerce upon those riv-
ers than upon the whole Atlantic coast. These
rivers" were our great inland ocean, and we had as
much right to claim the assistance of this Gov-
ernment as those living upon the Atlantic coast
had. He did not desire to see public atten-
tion drawn off from those rivers which were
important in themselves, to those of comparatively
less importance. He hoped the committee
which had charge of the subject would confine
themselves to the groat object of the improvement
of these large rivers. This would be sufficient to
engage their attention for the present; and—as the
gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Kins] had well
said—hereafter, when their means would enable
them to do so, it would be proper to turn their at-
tention to. the smaller rivers. Upon the same prin-
ciple upon which the attention of Congress was
demanded to the Yazoo, a hundred other streams
would claim attention. There were in the State of
Kentucky two or three rivers: there was Green
river, Kentucky river, and Licking river—
[Mr. BUCHANAN. And Salt river.]
—all these to be improved by the State itself, at an
expense of millions of dollars. He hoped the
committee, for the purpose of rendering effectual
anything which they might do upon this subject,
would confine their attention tp those rivers which
partake of the character of national.
Mr. WALKER thought this a question of as
great imporiance as could come before the Com-
mittee on Commerce. The navigation of these
great inland channels of communication with the
ocean, furnished more produce for exportation than
the Atlantic coast, on which so many millions had
been expended for. the alleged benefit of com-
merce. He pointed out the vast sums expended
for the mere survey of that eoast, and contrasted
the amount of expenditure yet required to complete
it, and for which appropriations were continually
solicited from Congress, with the amount required
for improving the Western waters, which it seem-
ed so difficult to obtain. He did not wish it to be
understood, that if no appropriation was made for
the Yazoo river, he would oppose the appropriation
for the Ohio and Mississippi rivers; but what he
meant to say was, that if the Tennessee and other
rivers are introduced into the measure, he would
insist on the superior claims of the Yazoo.
Mr BENTON said the application now made
from St. Louis was for the application of the pe-
culiar remedy invented for the rivers with falling-in
banks; and it would be injurious to the object to
complicate it with a general inquiry into the pro-
priety of improving all the Western rivers. These
rivers were of different characters, and required
different modes of improvement. Those with fall-
ing-in banks and soft bottoms were obstructed
chiefly by logs and trees. Those with permanent
banks were obstructed chiefly by rocks and hard
bars. For each, a different treatment was required.
The snag-boat had been invented twelve or fifteen
years ago, for the removal of logs and trce.s; arid
the application now was ;io cfltjtiaue. to.. employ
them. The .Mississippi, the Missouri,/, the Red.
river, and the Arkansas, were the principal rivets
which required them. TheJObiojrtq uked them in
a less degree, as there were, but few.sunken leg? <Jr
trees in it. Its banks were permanent, and pre-
sented no: examples of the acres of land falling in
at once, with all their vast trees..upon it, which
were seen upon the rivers with falling in banks.
He (Mr. B.) was very willing that the 'TenWes-
see and other rivers should receive the .improve-
ment suitable to them; but it would be wrong to
clog the present application with an inquiry in re-
lation to them. Rocks and hard bars did not re-
quire snag-boats; and the whole application now
was for the snag-boats. He (Mr. B ) was willing
they should be used wherever necessary, 'and
wherever they could go. They- were obliged to
be large, to have the power necessary to drag these
immense trees from their beds in the rivers they
could not go into small rivers; but he was willing
they should go where they could. But they should
first go to the great theatre cf the destruction of
life and property—and that was the Mississippi.
Mr. SEYIER pointed out that the appropriation
now sought for was to remove snags in the rivers:
where they formed such dangerous impediments to
navigation. The other rivers to which gentlemen,
alluded were not impeded by snags or sawyers;
the improvements they might require were alto-
gether of a different character.
Mr. CALHOUN said, in reference to the im-
provement of the Tennessee riyer, he had, at the
last session of Congress, been charged with a me-
morial, very numerously signed, praying that that
important river might be put upon exactly the same
footing as the othef great branches of the Missis-
sippi. The'memorial was referred to a committee,
but he believed no action had been taken upon
it. He would not, perhaps, have thought it
necessary to take so lively an interest in
the subject, had he not been particularly
solicited by the memorialists to bring the matter
under the notice of the Senate. What he desired,
therefore, at present, was, that whatever prin-
ciple should be applied to the other important
branches of the Mississippi, should be applied to this
also. He claimed, on behalf of the memorialists, that
the committee should adopt some broad principle
which should be applicable to all the important
branches of the Mississippi, and not confined to
one or two only.
Mr. BARROW said be would add one addi-
tional remark to what he had said when first up.
He certainly did not desire to protract this desul-
tory conversational debate, because he thought it
was altogether mistimed; but he thought it his duty,
in order that Senators might not suppose that he
had omitted to take notice of their suggestions, or
that he had any disposition to overlook this im-
portant stream to which they had called the atten-
tion of the committee of the Senate, to make this
single remark: that the Committee on Commerce
had before it memorials from the West, and from,
the East, asking Congress for an appropriation
for the improvement of the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio rivers; and, by some of them,
the Missouri was also included. These memorials
had bepn handed over by the committee to him,
[Mr. Barrow,] for examination, and in order that
he might make a report upon them.
He believed the committee were bound to report
upon the subject as it had been submitted, and that
they had no right to enter into an inquiry whether
an appropriation ought to be made at this session
for the improvement of the Tennessee and the
Yazoo, or any other than those which had been
specially submitted to their consideration by the
memorialists. He would ask, was it a reasonable
expectation that the committee should go into tha
broad subject of improvement, unless specially in-
structed so to do? He would not have troubled
the Senate with this additional remark, had he not
apprehended that the Senator from South Carolina,
and the Senator from Mississippi might suppose
that the committee had overlooked important mat-
ters to which their attention had been called.
