CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. TURKEY moved to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. COWEN asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion.
The House refused to order them.
The motion to lay on the table was then adopted
without a division.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY presented a petition from
Baltimore against the repeal of the bankrupt law;
which,.he said, was numerously signed by men of
both parties.
Mr. WARREN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of W. S. Esleth: read twice, and referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CARY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting the right of pre-
emption to certain settlers in Wisconsin: read
twice, and referred to the Committee of she Whole
House.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill granting a quantity of land
for the improvement of Grant river, at the town of
Potosi, in Wisconsin Territory: read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Also, a bill granting to the Territory of Wiscon-
. sin a certain tract of land, for the benefit of the
town ofFairplay, in said Territory: read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported Senate bill
39, (proposing certain amendments to the bill for
the establishment of additional mail routes, passed
August, 1842,) with the unanimous recommenda-
tion that it be rejected. The bill and report of the
committee were ordered to lie on the table.
REPEAL OP THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported the following bill:
A BILL to repeal the bankrupt law.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of ike United Slates of America in Congress assembled.
That the act entitled "An act to establish an uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States," approved on the
19th day of August, 1841, be, and the same is hereby, repealetl.
Provided, however, That the repeal shall not extend to or
affect any case which, at the time this act goes into effect, shall
be pending before any court; nor to any proceeding which, at
Raid time, shatl have been legally commenced, and which shall
be then in progress, under and by virtue of the said act hereby
repealed.
The bill was read a first time.
Mr. BARNARD objected to its second reading,
which he said he could do under the rule, which
forbade the second reading of a bill on the same
day it was reported, unless no objection was made.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that the second
reading of the bill having been objected to, the
question would come up before the House, Shall
this bill be rejected?
Mr. BARNARD repeated his objection, and in-
sisted on his right to make it.
Mr. CLIFFORD remarked that the parliament-
ary law was imperative in requiring the question
to be taken on the rejection of the bill, after the
objection made to its second reading by the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Barnard ]
The SPEAKER said that, by reference to the
109th rule of the House, he found that, if objec-
tion was made to the first reading of the bill, the
question would then ensue upon its rejection. By
that rule, no bill could have its first and second
reading en the same day, without a special order
from the House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON. Let ns make it the
special order now.
Mr. BARNARD said he claimed the floor to
make another report from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. MOORE suggested that the second reading
of the bill be fired for to-morrow.
Mr. BARNARD persisted in his point of order,
and his right to the floor.
Mr. ATHERTON observed, that the bill had
been read the first time; and it was not necessary
for it to be read a second time, that the gentleman
from New York [Mr. BiRNiBD] should make the
motion. He (Mr. A ) would now make the mo-
tion that the bill be read the second time.
JVIr, BARNARD said thai the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Atherton] wasnot entitled
to the fieor to make the motion.
Mr. ATHERTON said that the bill was not dis-
posed of; it was under consideration; and, the gen-
tleman having reported it, and refused to move its
second reading, or its reference, he had no right to
the floor for any other purpose.
Mr. BARNARD insisted upon it that the bill was
not before the House. He had the floor, and no
person had a right to make the motion bu* himself.
Mr. BRIGGS understood that the gentleman
claimed the floor for another subject. ^
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked if it was not now in
order to move to amend the bill?
After some further conversation—
The SPEAKER said that he was clearly of
opinion that the House had the right to order the
bill to be read a seeond time now.
Mr. BARNARD then observed that, after that
decision of the Chair, he should no longer object to
the second reading.
The bill was then read the second time; when
M.r. TURNEY rose, and said that he wished to
offer an amendment to the bill; but,
Mr. BARNARD rising, the Speaker awarded
the floor to that gentleman.
Mr. B. then, under instructions from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, moved to recommit the bill
to that committee, with instructions to report
amendment? to the following effect:
"1st. Confining the repeal to that part of the
bankrupt law which authorizes proceedings in
bankruptcy on the sole petition and motion of the
bankrupt.
"2d. Authorizing any bankrupt to declare him-
self insolvent, and making such declaration an act
of bankruptcy upon which his creditors may pro-
ceed against him in bankruptcy.
"3d. Authorizing the creditors, or a majority of
them in amount, to nominate the assignee of the
bankrupt's estate.
"4th. Providing that the assent of a majority in
amount of the creditors shall be necessary to a
discharge."
Mr. TURNEY rose to a question of order. The
Speaker, he understood, gave the floor to the gen-
tleman from New York, as a matter of courtesy to
the reporter of a bill. Now, he contended that he,
having risen and claimed the floor before the gen-
tleman, was entitled to it. The gentleman from
New York, he added, had forfeited his right by
courtesy, because, after reporting the bill, he had
objected to its second reading, And refused to make
a motion to refer it to the Committee of the Whole,
in accordance with the universal practice.
The CHAIR said that the member from New
York was entitled to the preference given him, ac-
cording to the universal practice o£ the House.
No member had ever interposed between the re-
porter of a bill and any motion he might wish to
make in regard to it.
Mr. TDRNEY contended that the present case
was entirely different from the usual practice of
the House; for here the reporter of the bill object-
ed to its iecend reading, and refused to make any
motion to facilitate its progress.
The SPEAKER persisting in his decision,
Mr. TURNEY appealed, and addressed the
House in favor of the appeal.
Mr. BARNARD was so unfortunate as to differ
with the gentleman from Tennessee in regard to
the facts of the case. According to his recollec-
tion, he addressed the Chair before the seeond
reading of the bill; and after it was read the sec
time, he again addressed the Chair first.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired to say that his
colleague [Mr. Turney] was correct as to the facts
stated by him. After the bill was read the second
time, his colleague got up first, and addressed the
Chair. This fact was within the recollection of
several members. The Speaker, he understood,
gave the floor to the gentleman from New York,
on the ground of courtesy to the introducer of a
bill; but it must be observed^that the gentleman
from New Hampshire [Mr. Athebton] got the
floor between the introduction of the bill and its
second reading, and that it was upon his motion that
it was read the second time.
Mr. HOUSTON desired to ask the Chair whether
it would now be in order to offer an amendment.
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Mr. HOPKINS hoped the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would withdraw the appeal. The Chair, in
his opinion, had an arbitrary and unqualified right,
under the parliamentary law, of awarding the floor
to either of the members who may -rise at. the same
time. Besides, the object that both he and the-gen-
tleman from Tennessee had in view, would not be
promoted by persisting in the appeal. But for the
appeal, a motion to amend would be in order, and
a motion to commit also. He only asked the gen-
tleman to withdraw his appeal, and he would
make a motion to strike out the proviso.
The SPEAKER said that he would not go into
an issue with the gentleman from Tennessee upon
his statement of facts, because the Chair did not
decide upon the facts he stated. The Chair de-
cided upon the uniform practice and courtesy of
the House to the reporter of a bill. The second
reading occurred not upon the motion of the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire, (who was not en-
titled to the floor to make it,) but as the necessary
course of the bill upon the withdrawal of the ob-
jections of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard] Had the gentleman persisted in his
objections, the question would have been, not upon
the second reading, "but upon the rejection of the
bill.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked if an amendment stri-
king out the proviso of the bill would be in order,
if the appeal were withdrawn.
The SPEAKER said that it would not.
Mr. CLIFFORD then addressed the House in
favor of the appeal, contending that, upon the
grounds stated by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Torney,] the Speaker ought to have given
him the floor, instead of the gentleman from New
Yotk. The object of the gentleman from New
York, as was apparent to every one, was to de-
feat the bill. He therefore hoped that all who
were in favor of the repeal would vote to reverse
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. BRIGGS exclaimed against the appeal of
the gentlsman from Maine to the House, to vote
against the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CLIFFORD. Because it is wrong.
Mr. BRIGGS (without noticiBg the explana-
tion) said, if the Speaker was light, it was the duty
of the House to sustain him; but the course pointed
out by the gentleman from Maine, who was him-
self a lawyer, would give a blow *at parliamentary
rnle, with a vengeance; for it was an appeal to vote
against the decision of the Chair, right or wroDg.
Ha made some further remarks which were not
distinctly heard.
Mr. WISE said there was no principle involved,
except as to who was entitled to the floor; and he
added that he believed the Speaker had absolute
power on that point.
The SPEAKER then put the question, "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the House?" which was determined in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. WISE then asked what would be the effect
of the previous question.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that it
would bring the House to a vote on the engross-
ment of the bill.
Mr. WISE inquired whether it would cut off the
proviso.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. WISE. Then I move the previous ques-
tion. I am in favor of the proviso. [Great ex-
citement.]
Mr. BARNARD, Mr. Speaker, if this mo-
tion 
Mr. WISE (amidst much confusion) Mr.
Speaker, ia this in order?
The SPEAKER replied, but his voice was over~
powered by the hum of excited con versa'ion
throughout the hall.
Mr. WISE. Mr. Speaker, I cannot hear a word.
[Great confusion.}
Mr. BARNARD. If this motion had been
made in the ordinary way ■ «
Mr. WISE again interposed, and exclaimed that
he could not hear a word that was said.
