m
CdMGRESSiONAL GLOB®,
The'SPEAKER called the House to order.
Mr. BARNARD then resumed, and said if this
motion had besn made in the ordinary way, on the
commitment of the bill, aDd the previous question
was sustained, he was aware it would brin^ ihe
House directly to a vote on the main proposition;
but the Speaker would remember that the motion
was not made by him as an individual member of
the House, but as the organ of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and in the form and shape of a report from
that committee; and in such a case, he submitted,
the rule did not apply; and that if the previous
question was seconded, the vote must first be la-
ken on the report of the Judiciary Committee.
The SPEAKER'S reply did not reach the re-
porter's desk-
Mr. BARNARD inquired whether the House
could cut off the report of a committee.
The SPEAKER replied that it was fcr a major-
ity of the House to derermine.
Mr. WISE asked the Clerk to read the bill as it
would stand if the previous question was sec-
onded.
The Clerk read the bill, as submitted yesterday
by Mr. Clifford, simply repealing the bankrupt
law, with the proviso submitted by Mr. Tilling-
hast.
Mr. WISE. I stick to tbe previous question.
The Speaker put the question on seconding the
demand for the previous question, but he was un-
able to decide. Tellers were then demanded, and
Messrs. Weller and Brigos were appointed; and
havine taken the vote, they reported 92 in the af-
firmative, and 83 in the nega'ive. There was,
therefore, a second.
Mr. BARNARD. Mr. Speaker, has the morn-
ing hour expired? (It was 10 minutes past I )
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. BARNARD. Then I call for the orders of
the day.
The SPEAKER. The order of the day is the
further consideration of the bill for the repeal of
the bankrupt law. [Roars of laughter ]
[This bill, which was now the order of the day,
was the bill some time since introduced by Mr.
Everett, to which various amendments had been
offered, and on which Mr. Marshall was entitled
to the floor from the middle of last week.]
Mr. CUSH1NG rose and said Mr. Kennedy's
bill to regulate the moils of measuring Ihe tonnage
of vessels had been made the special order for this
day.
Mr. WISE inquired 'if the previous question had
not been seconded on the bill which tha Judiciary
Committee, by direction of the House, had re-
ported.
The SPEAKER said it had, and it would be the
order of the day for the morning hour to morrow.
Mr. WISE. [Laughing.] Well, "take your
time, Miss Lucy." [Laughter ]
Some conversation ensued respecting the bill
which Mr. Cushing contended was the special or-
der for this day; but
The SPEAKER announced the order of the dcy
to be Mr. Everett's bill to repeal the bankrupt
law, on which the gentleman from Kentucky wa«
entitled to the floor.
And the state of the question wa* this:
Mr. Barnard had moved the following amend-
ment to (or substitute for) the original bill:
"That so much of the act entitled 'An acf to establish a uni-
form system of bankruptcy throughout the Tinned Writes,' ap
proved on the 19th of August, 1841, as authois7.es any person
owmg debts to apply hy petition, for the benefit of salt! act, to-
gether with all the parts of said act which ore applicable solely
to the mode of obtaining the benefit of the provisions of such
act, in behalf of debtors, by the voluntary petition of such deb-
tors, without the concurrence or aid of their creditors he, and
thesame is hereby, repealed: Prmided,,That ihis act shall not
affect any case or proceeding in bankruptcy already commenced,
or which shall be commenced before the 4th day of July next,
or any pains, penalties, or forfeitures, prescribed and incurred
or which shall be incurred, under said act." '
And Mr. Cushing had offered the following
amendment to the original bid:
"In tbe proviso of the original bill, strike out the '5ih day of
December, 1842,' &c , and insert so that the proviso shall read
as follows. '"Provided, That this act shall not affect any case
or proceeding in bankruptcy commenced before tbe passage of
this act, or any pains, penalties, or forfeitures incurred undei
the said act; but every such proceeding may be continued to In
final consummation, in like manner as if this act had hot been
passed."
Mr. Brmgs had mo?ed thsi tbe bill be com-
mitt Hi to the Committee on on the Judiciary, with
the following instructions:
"To report a bill to repeal that part of the existing law which
authorizes the voluntary application of debtors, and to inclnde
corporations which issue paper to circulate as money within
the operations of said law."
Which proposed instruction"? Mr. C. Johnson
had moved to amend, so as to instruct the commit-
tee to report a bill for the immediate repeal of the
bankrupt law, without limit or qaalifieations; (sim-
ply, in fact, striking out the proviso ef the origi-
nal bill of Mr. Everett ]
Mr. MARSHALL rose and said he would not be
re^pon?ib!e for any delay of the action of this
House on the subject of the bankrupt law; but he
wished to inquire what would be the effect on him-
self, if he moved the previous question, and it
should not be sustained by the House—whether
he should retain tbe right to the fl or. He
did not wish to take the responsibility of r.ny delay
in the action of the Hoiisp; but he did r.ot wish to
forfeit bis right to the floor, if the House should
refu«e to second his motion.
The SPEAKER replied that, it the previous
question was votfd down, the gentleman from
Kentucky would not be absolutely entitled to the
floor, though, no doubt, he would obtain it by
courtesv.
Mr. MARSHALL said, then, for the second or
third time, he put himself on the courtesy of the
Honse, and he moved the previous question.
Mr GRANGER said, if the previous question
was not sustained, he should certainly object to the
gentleman from Kenttickv having the floor.
Mr. MARSHALL. But if I get it, the gentle-
man from New York cannot prevent my speaking.
Mr. GRANGER said, warmly, the gentleman
from Kentucky had spoken once.
Mr. MARSHALL contradicted the assertion of
tbe gentleman from New York.
The SPEAKER also said that the gentleman
from Kentucky had not spoken on this question.
Mr. MARSHALL again moved the previous
question.
Mr. CUSHING protested against the motion
for tbe previous qutstion. He said several gentle-
men had entered into a very general debate, which
had been continued for several days while this bill
was before the House, and he protested against being
thus cut off from a reply. If, however, he could
get the floor, if the House should negative the pre-
vious question, he should claim and retain it, cour-
tesy or no courtesy.
Mr. MARSHAEL said there was not a gentle-
man on that floor more anxious to discuss the ques-
tion thnn he was.
(Cries of "Go on, then.")
Mr. WISE inquired, if the previous question was
sustained, and the main question was ordered to be
put, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cojhihg] should be adopted,
whether the bill would not then be, in substance,
the same as the bill to be acted upon to-morrow
morning?
Mr. CUSHING. Precisely.
Some conversation ensued as to the priority of
the amendment?; and
Tellers were demanded on seconding the motion
for the previous question. Messrs. Briogs and
Read were appointed; and they reported 110 in the
affirmative, and 28 in the negative; there was,
therefore, a second.
The effect of sustaining the previous question
was to cut off the several motions to corneal. with
instructions, and to bring the Houfe to a vu'e
upon the amendments to the bill.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gushing ]
Mr. SMITH of Virginia called for its reading;
and it was read.
Mr. S expressed a de.sire to move an amend-
ment to the amendment; but the motion was ruled
out of order.
The amendment was then adopted—yeas 1-18,
nays 02, as follows:
YEAfe—Messrs. Ailamp, Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sher-
lock .1. Andrews, Arnold, Ayorigs:, Babcock, Baker, Bainaid,
Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye, Black, Boaidman, Bordpn,
Botts, Bowne, Brewster. Briggs, Bronson, Milton Brotvn. Jere-
miah Brown, Burneli, William Butler, Calhoun, John Camp-
bell, Thomas J Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chapman,
Child?, John C. Clark, Staloy N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston,
Craven*, Cushing, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
John Edveards, John C. Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore,
John G. Floyd. Charles A. Floyd, Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Gog-
gin, Patrick G Goode, Gordon, Graham, Granger, Green,
Gustine, Henry. Holmes, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J.
Ingersoll, Joseph R. Ingersoil, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, Jack. James, William Cost Johnson, Isaac D. Jones,
John P. Kennedy, Line, Linn, Robert McClellan, McKerman,
McKeon, Maliory, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Meriwether, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Mouis, Morrow, Newhaid, Oliver, Osborne,
Parmenter, Payne, Pearce, Pendleton. Pickens Pin me r, Pope,
Powell, Ramsay, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Rencher,
Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, James M. Russell,
SaltonstaM, Sanfoid, Scwcll, Shields, Slade, Truman Smith,
Rollers, Stanly, Stokely, Stratum, Alex. IJ. H. Stuart, John
T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Ricbard
W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tillinehast, Toland, Tom-
iinson, Triplett, TrotU, Trumbull, Van Buren, Van Rensse-
laer, Wallace, Ward, Warren, Washington, Watte rson, Weet-
brook, E iwaril 1). White, Joseph L White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams. Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop, Wife, Wood, Yorke,
and Augustus Youriff—148,
NAYsS—Messrs. Arrington, Alherton, Boyd. Burke, Green
W. Caldwell, Patrick C Caldwell, William B. Campbell,Cary,
Clifford, Clinton, Maik A. Cooper, Daniel, Garrett Davis,
Dean, Doan, Doig, Eastman, Egbert. Ferris, Fornance,
Gilmer, William O Goode, Gwin, Harris, Hastings, Hays,
Hopkins, Huuck, Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy,
Lewis, Littlefield, T.owell, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Mar-
chand, Alfred Marshall, Mathews, Medill, Millet, Owsley,
Partridge, ProfFit, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Saun-
ders, Shcppcrd, William Smith, Snyder,"Sprigg, Steenrod,
Sumter, Sweney, Turney, Underwood, and Welier—G2.
The question next came up upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bar-
nard ]
Mr. MOORE asked for the yeas and nays; and
they iveie ordered.
The amendment was then rejected—yeas 73,
nays 136, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Aycrigff, Babcock, Baker, Barnaid, Boardman, Borden,
Briggs, Jeiemiah Biown, Burneli. Wrn, B. Calhoun, Childs,
J. C Clark, Sfaley N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Craven5?,
Dawson, John Edwards, Fes&enden, Fillmore, Gates, Patrick
G. Goode, Granger, Henry, Howard, Hunt, Joseph R. In-
cersoll, James Irvm, Wm. W. Irwin, Jan.cs, King, Linn, Mc-
Kennan, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Maxwell, Maynard, Mor-
gan, Morrow, Osborne, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Benjamin
Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, James M. Russell,
Sahonstall, Sollers, Stokely, Siratton, A. H H. Stuart, R. W.
Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Underwood, Van
Rensselaer, Wairen, Edward 1). Whue, Jos. L. White, Thoa.
W. Williams, Chiistopher II. Williams, Joseph h. Wil-
hams, Wmthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—
NAYS—Messis. L. W. Andrews, Arrington, Atherton, Bar-
ton, Beeson, Bidiack, Birdseye, Black, Botts, Bowne, Boyd,
Brewster, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charles
Brown, Burke, Wm. Butler, William O. Butler, Green W.
Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, M. A. Cooper, Daniel, Gar-
rett Davis, R. D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Dean, Doig, East-
man, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, John G.
Floyd, Fornance, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Wm. O. Goode,
Goidon, Graham, Green, Gustine, Gwin, Harris, Hastings,
Ilays, Ilolmes, Hopkins, H^uck, Houston, Ilubard, Hudson,
Hunter. Charles J Ingersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, Isaac D.
Jones, Keim, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy, Lane, Lew-
is, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan,
McKay, McKeon, Maliory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, T. F.
Marshall, Mathews, Mattocks, Medill, Meriwether, Miller,
Mitchell, Moore, Morris, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter, Par-
tridge, Pickens, Pinmer, Pope, Ramsey, Rayner, Reding,
Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell,
San ford, Saundeis, Sewell, Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Slade,
Truman Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, JohnT.
Stuart, Summer?, Sumter, Sweney, John B Thompson, Ja-
cob Thompson, Tillinffhas', Trr-dett, Trotti, Van Buren,
Wallace, Ward, Washington, Weller, Westbrook, Wise, and
Wood—13G.
The SPEAKER announced the question to be
upon the engrossment of the bill; and it was or-
dered to be engrossed.
Tbe CHAIR. When shall ihe bill have its
third rep.dirrj
Many members. "Nw"'.'1"'
Mr. ARNOLD Rod objpcted, upon the
ground th*t the bill was* not yet engrossed,
Tbe SPEAKER said that the bill mm go over
until to morion, tuJes? by ur anh^ous consent.
Mr. EVERETT movd that the bill be read
again to-day.
The SPEAKER s>ald ilvt ihe bill not being s-n-
grossed, that could net le done but by general
consent.
Mr. HOPKINS paid that itrould be done by or-
der of the Hou«f .
Mr. EVERETT moved a suspension of the
rule.
Mr. WISE inquired ~vhat would be the effect
if the bill should b^ brought in engrossed in an
hour',? time? Could it not be read the- third time
(hr-u? If was u^elees for gentlemen to persist in
this kind of opposition, where there was so large a
majority in favor of th* repeal. It would be better
