dOMf ltlSSIONAL' GLOBE.
169
to let the bill be read the third time now, aad passed,
and be done with it.
The question was then put on the suspension of
the rules—and decided m the affirmative, ayes 143.
noes 28.
Mr. GRANGER called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the biU; which being ordered,
It was read the third time and passed—yeas 140,
nays 71, as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. LandafT W. Andrews, Arrington, Atherton,
Barton, Beeeoa, Bidlack, Birdseye, Biaclc, Boarciman, Botts,
Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Buike,
W. Butter, W, O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, P. C. Caldwell.
William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary,
Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Cowen, Daniel, Gar-
rett Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Deb'erry, Doan, Doig,
Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, John
G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer,
Goggin, Patrick G. Goode, William O. Goode, Gordon. Gra-
ham, Green, Gustine, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Iludson, Huater, Charles J.
Ingertoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy,
Lewis, Littleneld, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert Me-
Cfelian, McKay, McKennan, McKeon, Mallory, Marchand,
Alfred Marshall, Ihomas F. Marshall, Mathews, Mattocks,
Medili, Mitchell, Morris, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley,
Parmentep, Partridge, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Proffit, Ram-
sey, Rayner, Head, Reding, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Rices,
Roosevelt, Sanford, Sewell, Shaw, Sheppeid, Shields, Wladc.
Truman Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely
Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter,
Sweney, Taliaferro, John B Thompson, Jacob Thompson,
Tilhnghast, Tripletf, Trotti, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Buren,
Ward, Washington, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Wise,
Wood, and Augustus Younp—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams," Allen, Sherlock .T. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Borden, Brig«s, Mihon
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Buinell, Calhoun, Clnlds, JohnC.
Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Cranston, Cravens, Cushing, John
Edwards, Fessenden, Fillmore, Gates^Granger, Henry, How-
ard, Hunt, Joseph R. IngersoII, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, James, William Cost Johnson, laaac I>. Jones, John P.
Kennedy, Km?, Lane, Linn, Samson Mason, Mathmt, Maxwell,
Maynarn, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Pearce, Pen-
dleton, Powell, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Rid^way, Rod-
ney, William Russell, James M Russell, iSaltonstall, Rtratton,
Richard W. Thompson, Toland, Tonilinson. Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Warren, Edward I>. While, Joseph L. Whiie, Thos>
W. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph X*. Williams,
Winthrop, Yorke, and John Young—7V1.
So the bill was passed in the following -form:
AN ACT to repeal the Bankrupt Act.
Be it enacted by the Seriate, and House of Reprcsentatiw s
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the act entitled "An act to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United Stairs," approved 19th
August, U&l, be, and the same is hereby, repealed: Pi ovideil,
That this act shall notallectuny ease or proceeding in bank-
ruptcy commenced befoie the passage of tins art, or any patns,
penalties, or forfeitures incurred under the said act; but every
such proceeding may be continued to its final conaummatinn, in
like manner us if this act had not been passed.
[Mr. M.A. Cooper desired to move to be ex-
cused from voting; but the Speaker decided that
the motion came too late, as the first two names
on the roll had already been called ]
Mr. Mark A. Cocper asked to be excused from
voting on the bill for the following reasons:
He is desirous to vote for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law, as a true representative of his constitu-
ents" opinions, as well as of his own.
The friends of this bill have incorpora'od into
it a proviso, which sanctions all the principles of
the bankrupt law; principle-; which he thinks un-
constitutional and unjust, a-s well as immoral in their
effects, and ought not to receiye his support. He
cannot, therefore, vote for the bill. It it were a
mere question of time, he could vote; but that is not
the case.
Again: being in favor of the repeal, he cannot
vote against the bill; a part of which proposes a
repeal of the bankrupt act; because that would be
to sanction the existence End operation of the act
for an indefinite period.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
Hopkins of Virginia mgihe chair.)
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
lake up House bill No. 645, being a bill making
appropriations for the army, &a.
The motion was agreed to; and the Clerk read
the bill through all its sections. It was then read
section by section for amendment, and the House
passed several without objection. When the item
was under consideration which appropriates
$90,000 for arsenals—
Mr. DEBERRY moved to strike out f.90,000,
and insert $110,000, with the specific direc'ion
that $20,000 of that sum should be appropriated
for the completion of the arsenal at Fayetteville,
North Carolina. He went into some statements to
show the importance of that arsenal, and the action
which had been had in relation thereto by the
Legislature of North Carolina; whence instructions
had been received by the Senators for that State,
and a request by its members in the House of
Representatives, that they would give their aid in
procuring the necessary appropriations for the
completion of that work. It had been going on
for several years, but the appropriation hitherto
had been too small to enable the Government to
complete it; and he now moved his amendment
in conformity with the wishes of his State Legis-
lature and of his immediate constituents, amongst
whom this arsenal was situated.
Mr. FILLMORE said if the arsenal was in
the course of construction, it was provided for by
the present appropriation, for the department ask-
ed for sums sufficient to carry on all works that
were deemed essential; and if this work was not
embraced m the detailed statement from the depart-
ment, he supposed it was not deemed necessary.
He hoped, therefore, that there would be no par-
ticular designation of arsenals in this bill. The
Committee of Ways and Means had recommended
all the appropriations asked for by the department;
and he trusted, in the present embarrassed state of
the treasury, they should not go beyond the esti-
mates.
Mr. McKAY said if the ehairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Mtans would examine the de-
tailed estimates, he would find that it was not in-
tended to expend any portion of this money on the
arsenal in question; the amendment of his col-
league was, therefore, a proper one. The chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means had
said that it was unnecessary to specify any particu-
lar works; but if that gentleman would look at
previous acts of Congress, he would find that it
had beea trequently done; and there was no reason
why it should not be done in this case, as the
works had been begun, and no appropriation was
proponed for their completion.
Mr. FILLMORE replied.
The committee then rose and reported progress.
Mr. PROFFIT moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill to repeal the bankrupt act
had been parsed.
Mr. CUSHING obtained the floor on the ques-
tion of reconsideration, and then moved an ad-
journment.
Mr. FILLMORE requested the gentleman from
Massachusetts to wi'hdraw that motion, that the
House might receive some Executive communica-
tions which were on the Speaker's table.
Mr. CUSHING consented to do so, with the un-
derstanding that he retained the floor on the ques-
tion of reconsideration when it should come up.
The SPEAKER then presented vartou* JEsecu-
tive communications, mainly consistin? rf informa-
tion called for by resolutions of the House. One
was a report of the inspectors ot the penitentiary
in the District of Columbia. Another was a com-
munication from the War Department, in answer
to a resolution of the 27ih ultimo, requiring a de-
tailed statement of all the expenditures from the
Chickasaw fund. Another was a communication
in answer to a resolution calling for certified copies
of all papers on file relating to the arrest and trial
of Louallier by a court-martial, by direction of
General Jackson, at New Orleans, in 1815.
Mr. KING of Georgia presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Baltimore, praying tor the estab
lishmcnt of a steamboat communication between
that port and Chagres, South America; which was
referred to the Select Committee heretofore appoint-
ed on that subject.
On motion of Mr. TURNEY, the House ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 18, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with tha act? of Con-
gress of 1808 and 1809, statements of all the con-
tracts made by the bureaus under the direction of
that department, in the year 1842; which, on mo-
tion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, was laid on the
table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
city of New York, praying for the repeal of the
bankrupt law; which was referred to the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial sign-
ed by J. Bagby, praying that the bankrupt law
may be so modified as to give mechanics a Hen on
work executed by them; which was rtferred lo
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a petition from
William Morrow, praying remuneration in conse-
quence of violations by United States agents of a
contract for executing certain works at the United
States arsenal in the District of Columbia; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from citize-ns
of the southern part of Missouri, praying for the
removal of the land office from Jackson lo Fred-
ericktown, in that State: referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. WOODBKIDGE, on leave, introduced a bill
to apply certain alternate sections of the public do-
main towards completing works of internal im-
provement in the Stale ot Michigan, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands was discharged from
the further consideration of the claim of Mr.
Downing, for reimbursement of money paid by him
for clerk-hire in his office as register of a land of-
fice; and it was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee on the Dis- f
irict of Columbia, reported back, with amend-1
ments, the bill for repaving and repairing a jprtion
of Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom the subject had been referred, made
a report (which was concurred in) in favor of
printing the communication from the Solicitor of
the Treasury in relation to the cloth cases, in
which frauds were attempted on the revenue.
Mr. WOODBURY stated that, as the subject of
resolutions was now before the Senate, he felt
obliged lo make a remaik as to one introduced at
the last session by bis former colleague.
Mr. W. regretted that the resolution had not
yet been answered. Some of the information de-
sired in it related to the persons and matters con-
nected with the cloth cases, on which a report had
just been ordered to be printed. Other reports,
containing letters and documents cn this topic, and
the conduct of those concerned in it, had been
printed by Congress at the last session, and dis-
tributed widely abroad as well as in this country.
It was dot; to all concerned that the answer to
the call made in the resolution of my laie colleague,
should go to ihe world with the other papers bear-
ins on this question. It was supposed to be calcu-
lated to throw much light on the whole subject.
The answer may have been delcycd or omitted
by accident. If 50, ihis notice would revive at-
tention to it in the proper quarter, and would
save the introduction of any other resolution ask-
ing for the reasons which had prevented a reply-
hitherto.
The PRESIDENT fro tern, laid before the
Senate a communication from the State Depart-
ment, transraittijg in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, furth°r information received at that
department concerning the operations of the bank-
rupi law; which,on motkn of air. BATES,was or-
dered to he on the table, arid be prin'.'-d.
Also, laid before ihe Senate; a communication
from Ihe War D.-partmem, ir?.r.s-miting, in com-
pliance with the act of Congress of 1804, a report
of the names, dates of appointment, aid pay of
all person-: employed in the Indian Department;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, referred back, wi'houtamendment,
the bill from the House for the relief of the repre-
sentatives of Baron De Kalb.
THE RED LINES AGAIN.
Mr. BENTON (after some prefatory remarks, to
the effect that he had waited for some days till the
Senator from Virginia, who had been absent, re-
sumed his seat, for an opportunity to recall that
