congressional globe.
171
a case like that, could have but little influence up-
on the public mind.
Mr. BENTON reiterated that, in the presence
of forty-eight Senators, (mest of whom were pres-
ent on the occasion,) he was the first himself to
proclaim the red line. He not only could see
them, contrary to the words he had quoted; but he
did not, as they assert, leave it to "other eyes" to
be applied to the map to discover them. He pro-
claimed th«m aloud from his seat. This was the
issue of fact. And on it he appealed to the Sen-
ators around him for their recollections.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut observed that, ac-
cording to his recollection, when fbeSenator from
Missouri heard of Sparks's map, he raised the map
in his own hands, and exclaimed, "here are the
bloody red lines." The words were so remarkable,
that they made a strong impression on his mind.
Mr. BENTON asked if he had any recollection
of allusion being made to the "secret?"
Mr. SMITH replied that his recollection was
rather indistinct about that; but still Jais impression
was, that it must have been to show there was no
secret about it.
Mr. ALLEN observed that this was (to say the
least of it) a very troublesome dispute, growing out
of a deeply exciting discussion which had taken
place with closed doors, and in consequence of the
additional circumstance that the matter had nut
been noticed at the time by any reporter. His im-
pression was, that there was no real difference be-
tween the Senatortrom Virginia and the Senator
from Missouri. The difference was barely as to
the form of the question now made—the one
adhering to the object for which the map was
introduced, and the other to the fact of the
announcement of the brosd red line which
-was visible to every one. Believing, then, that
there was nothing substantial involved in ihe con-
troversy, he must be permitted 10 express his regret
that the matter should be deemed sufficiently im-
portant to occupy the attention of the Senate.
He had hitherto remained quiet, and volunteered
no opinion nor expression of his impressions upon
the subject; but, being now particularly called
upon, he could state very readily what those im-
pressions were; and he did so with a perfect con-
viction that the statement could not reflect in the
least degree on any member of that body, m one
way or the other. His attention was attracted to
the fact of the introduction of the map by the Sen-
ator from Virginia, by the solemnity with which it
was introduced; the Senator evidently regarding it
as a matter of peculiar importance, and calling the
attention of the Senate very pointeilly to the map.
While this part of the division was going on,
the Senator from Missouri (according to his recol-
leclion of the case) obtained an old atlas, and
spreading open a map, exclaimed, "here, is the red
line." As to the motive with which the Senator
from Missouri introduced ihe atlas, his recollection
was not very distinct; but the circumstance of ihe
red line having been pointed out by him he (Mr.
A.) particularly remembered, in consequence of
the manner in which ihe Senator had called atten-
tion to it, being devoid of that deference or courte-
sy which he (Mr. A.) conceived due to the
gentleman who had possession of the floor. As to
the fact of the announcement of the red line, he
recollected distinctly that the Senator from Missou-
ri made use of the word "bloody." He might not
perhaps have recollected the circumstance, but for
the phrase made use of by the Senator; which, of
itself, was calculated to make an impre:sion upon
•the memory. He repeated, that he did not con-
ceive that this statement could affcci eilherSenator,
one way or the other; for he did net conceive that
there was any essential difference between the Sen-
ators—the one contending as to the object for
which ihe map was produced, and the failure of
that object; and the other as to the announcement
of the broad red line.
Mr. RIVES begged leave to say that he did not
think it at all necessary to enter into the discus-
sion of the matter with any spirit of controversy,
but 
The CHAIR here interrupted the Senator from
Virginia, with a request that he might he permitted
to explain the preceding remarks he had made.
The Chair then stated lhat his recollection was re-
freshed by the remarks which had fallen from the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen.] They reminded
him that he had held a conversation with him, and
in which conversation that Senator accorded with
his recollection, that there was no substantial differ-
ence between the two Senators. The Chair super-
added' the remark, that if it was the sense of the
Senate, he would add that no issue was made
up on the fact of the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton] having announced the red lines. That,
on a previous occasion, the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Kites] had remarked that he could not have
fallen into the absurdity of imputing the design
to the Senator fro.n Missouri, of an intended sup-
pression of the red line, with the view to impose
upon the Senate or the country. That the recol-
lection of the Chair was, that the red line was
announced; but the ground of his supposition, that
there was no substantial difference between
Ihe Senators, was, that the remarks of the Senator
from Virginia, complained of, were not literal and
exact, but only figurative. They had been so re-
garded by the Chair. And if the Chair might use
the expression, he had understood the expression of
the Senator from Virginia to mean, that the mind's
eye of the Senator from Missouri was so engrossed
with the microscopic dotted line, that he gave none,
or scarcely any,consideration to the plain or palpa-
ble red line; and that his opinion on this point was
much fortified by the statement made by the Sen-
ator from Virginia on a previous occasion, that he
could not, or did not, design the absurdity of at-
tempting to produce the impression, either upon
the Senate or the public mind, that the Senator
from Missouri attempted to exhibit the dotted line,
and at the same time to suppress or conceal the ex-
istence of the red line, which was bold and strong-
y marked on Ihe same map.
Mr. RIVES said he desired to say a word or
two, for the purpose of placing the matter in its
trus attitude before the public, though he doubted
whether Ihe public were disposed to take any in-
terest in the matter at all. He concurred entirely
in the very candid and sober view of the matter
which had been presented by the Chair, and by
the Senator from Ohio, with regard to the red line
and the dotted line. The whole difference be-
tween the Senator from Missouri and himself, re-
duced itself to a mere matter of opinion, as had
been very justly remarked. He would state, most
distinctly, that his own impression in regard to the
expressions used by Ihe Senator from Missouri,
was, that the Senator had not referred to the red
lines at all; though it was pojsible that the words
might have been spoken, without having reached
his ears, as there was some confusion at the time,
and as he (Mr. Rites) was then speaking. At all
event, the circumstance, if it so occurred, had
made no impression upon his mind; and he had
consequently no recollection of it. What he desired
to say was (what bad been so happily expressed by the
Chair,) that it was the mind's eye by which the red
line was di-regarded; tlr: red line might have been
seen, but, if seen, not recognised as the true
boundary; but the microscopic dotted line was in-
sisted on by ihe Senator as being the true bound-
ary. And he was confirmed in this opinion, by
referring io the printed speech of the Senator from
Missouri; in which he insisted,in three distinct
places, rpon the dotted line as being the true bound-
ary; and, according to the recollection of ihe Sena-
tor from South Carolina, the Senator from
Missouri made the remark," that any little school
miss might have drawn the red line.
The Senator from Miss< uri seemed disposed to
leave ent.rely m the dark ths object for which he
had introduced the map, and confined him-elf to
the expression (which, undoubtedly, was intended to
be understood as a figurative expression) that
the broad red line could not be seen until other
eyes were applied to it. He had never intended
to deny that the Senator announced the red line;
but wtiathe asserted was, that the Senator had in-
sisted upon the microscopic dotted line as being
the true boundary. The whole question, then, was,
in truth, a difference of impression or of recollic-
tion as to the object for which the map had been
introduced. He (Mr. R.) had honestly stated his
own impression as to what that object was, and
that he considered the Senator as having failed to
accomplish that object and in that opinion he be-
lieved he was sustained by a very large majority
of the Senate. With regard to the other point, it
was a matter of form merely.
Mr. BENTON said he was entirely satisfied
with the explanation of the Senator from Virginia.
He would now drop everything that had passed,
and would merely read to Ihe Senate the last letter
which was ever written by Dr. Franklin; it was
written in the year 1790, and addressed to Mr.
Jefferson, who was at that time Secretary of State.
Copy of the last Utter tcritten by Dr. Franklin,
"Philadelphia, April 8, 1790.
"Sir: I received your letter of the 31st of last past, relating
to encroachments made on the eastern limits of the United
States, by settlers under the British Government, pretending
that it is the western, and not the eastern river of the bay of
Passamaquoddy, which was designated by the name of St;
Croix, in the treaty of peace with tljdt nation, and requesting of
me to communicate any facis which my me/nory or papers
may enable me to recollect, and which may indicate the true
river which the commissioners on both sides had in their view
to establish as the boundary between the two nations
"Your letter found me under a severe fit of my malady, which,
prevented my answering it sooner, or attending, indeed, to any
kind of business. I now can assure you that lam perfectly
clear in the remembrance that (he map we used m tracing the
boundary was brought to the treaty by the commissioners from
England; and that it was 'he same that was published by
Mitchell above twenty yeais before. Having a copy of that
map by me in loose sheets, I send you that sheet which con-
tains the bay of Passamaquoddy, wheie you will see that part of
the boundary traced. I lemember, too, that m that part of the
boundary we relied much on the opinion of Mr. Adams, who
had been concerned jn some former disputes concerning those
territories. I think, therefore, that you may obtanj still iarther
light from him.
"That the map we used was Mitchell's map, Congress were
acquainted at the time, by letter to their Secretary for Foreign
Affairs, which, I suppose, may be found upon their files.
"I have the honor to he, with the greatest esteem and re-
spect, sir, your most obedient and most humble servant,
"B. FRANKLIN.
"To Thomas Jefferson,
"Secretary of State of the United States."
Mr. B. said that this put an end to Mr.
Sparks's map. This letter shows that Mitchell's
map, and not D'Anville's map, was that Dr. Frank-
lin used for showing our tille; and here is that
map, showing eur boundary along the mountain
ridge by Gluebec and the St. Lawrence, and going
to the northwest corner of Nova Scotia, within a
quarter of an inch of the river on this map—within
ten or fifteen miles of it, in fact. This shows that
Mr. Sparks's discovery in Paris is not the measure
of our title to the Northeastern boundary.
Here the subject dropped.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The CHAIR announced the order of the day to be
the unfinished debate on the passage of the bill for
the settlement and occupation of the Territory of
Oregon.
Mr. CHOATE, being entitled to the floor, address-
ed the Senate for nearly two hours. The two main
topics upon which hs dwelt, were: first, the ques-
tion of the proposed grant of lands to settlers, as
an infraction of the convention between this coun-
try and Great Britain, established for ten years in
1818, and renewed in 1327, to continue from year
to year uaiil discontinued by a year's notice from
either paity; and next, the question of ihe settle-
ment of oiher difficulties with England by the late
treaty, without also settling that m relation to the
Oregon Territory.
In the course of his remarks, he stated that his
only objection to the hill was in relation to the
provision making a grant of lands. If it was re-
committed, and that provision was stricken out,
the rest nf the bill should have his hearty concur-
rence. Even if the bill remained in its present
shape, and it could be satisfactorily proved to him
that this provision, whieh proposes a grant of
land to settlers, is not an infraciion of the treaty,
he would give it his support. He would go
further; he would say, that if ihe year's notice
were given of opr intention to relinquish the treaty
wiEh Great Britain, he would, after the cessation of
our obhgations under it, most cheerfully support
a bill of ibis kind. But he conceived the whole
question, at present, was, whether this bill, in its
present form, would not be a violation of our
obligations under the treaty; and that it would, he
had not now the slightest doubt.
Here Mr. C. went into an examination of the
terms of the treaty, with a view of showing that
