CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;.
173
the tellers, (Messrs.,Wei,lur and Stratton,) who
reported ayes 68, noes 78.
So Mr. Adams's motion was again rejected.
The question recurring on Mr. Deberrt's amend-
ment,
Mr. McKAY suggested to his colleague to mod-
ify it, so as not to increase the appropriation, bat
to make it obligatory on the Secretary of War to
apply $10,000 of the balance of the appropriation
of last year, now on hand, to the arsenal at Fayette-
ville. Mr. McK. said that there was an appro-
priation of f120,000 made last year, with the un-
derstanding that §10,000 of it should be applied to
the North Carolina arsenal; and of this appropria-
tion, he had ascertained that over $94,000 now re-
mained unexpended in the treasury. All that was
wanted, therefore, was to direct the application of
a part of this sum to the object his colleague had
in view. If his colleague would modify his amend-
ment in the manner he hail suggested, he presumed
that no gentleman would object to it, as there
would in that case be no increase of the appro-
priation.
Mr. DEBERRY had no particular objection to
the course of his colleague, but his constituents
were anxious for the appropriation which he had
proposed. They strongly suspected that there was
no intention on the part of the department to make
this any thing more than a mere arsenal of deposite.
It was for this reason that the Legislature of North
Carolina interfered and passed resolutions. He
urged the propriety and necessity for completing
this arsenal, since it was the only arsenal south
of the Potomac. He did not believe in the sincerity
of those officers of the department, who held out
that they intended to complete the work. His con-
stituents were tired of being tantalized and humbug-
ged, and it was now several years since any pro-
gress had been made. He expressed his willing-
ness to modify his amendment according to the sug-
gestion of his colleague, [Mr. McKay,] so as to au-
thorize theSecretary of War to appropriate $10,000
of the money now on hand to the completion of the
arsenal at Fayettevilfe.
Mr. McKAY read a letter from the officer under
whose charge the work was; from which it ap-
peared that a large quantity of materials was now
on hand for the construction of the work, and the
Government would suffer injury by allowing the
works to remain much longer in their present situa-
tion.
Mr. GILMER opposed the amendment. He
thought the ptincipie wrong. He saw no reason
why Congress should makti any exception m favor
of the arsenal in North Carolina, when the process
of restricting all the expenditures of the Govern-
ment was going on.
Mr. GRAHAM replied, and sustained the
amendment. He contended that the Legislature
should interfere in this matter. The case was pe-
culiar. In addition to the fact that the materials
were on hand, he urged tlse fact that no other
arsenal existed south of the Potomac.
Mr. FILLMORE said, if an unexpended balance
remained over from last year, it w?s unnecessary
to give this direction in relation lo the North Caro-
lina arsenal. Let the department make the ex-
denditure. He urged, moreover, that the pro-
posed division of a part of the appropriation for
arsenals to the North Carolina arsenal would en-
danger the public propetty elsewhere.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a desire to have the
Fayetteville arsenal completed; and pressed upon
the committee the consideration, that, whilst there
were many arsenals throughout the Northern and
Eastern States, there was none1 in the South and
Southwest. He advocated a reorganization and
overhauling of the whole system of arsenals, con-
tending that there were too many in some sections,
and not enough m others.
Mr. GILMER inquired whether this appropria
tion was to complete arsenals already began, or to
erect new arsenals, or for the custody of arms.
Mr. FILLMORE said that there were but two
arsenals began which were not finished. The ap-
propriation was mainly intended for repairs; for
the items of which expenditure he referred to doc-
ument No,. 45.
Mr. GILMER coacurred with the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Calhoun,] that there
were too many arsenals at present. He should
move to reduce the appropriation from £90,000 to
$50,000, so as to expend money only on those ab-
solutely necessary.
The CHAIR decided the motion would not be
in order at this time.
Mr. GILMER said be had so supposed, but now
gave notice of his intention to make it at the proper
time.
Mr. SAUNDERS replied to various gentlemen
who had opposed the appropriation. He thought
it due at least to the wishes of the State Legisla-
ture of North Carolina to make this small appro-
priation of $10,000.
Mr. MERIWETHER complained that he was
in the dark as to (he propriety of this appropria-
tion. He did not understand the reason for many
of the proposed items of appropriation, and wished
for information before he could consent to vote
away the public money.
Mr. GRAHAM explained, for the information
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Meri-
wether ]
The question was the!) put on the amendment;
and, as 16 only rose in its favor,
Mr. DE8ERRY withdrew it.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia moved to strike out
the whole appropriation, and insert an appropria-
tion of $25,000 for the completion of arsenals at
Little Rock, Ark., and Fayetteville, N. C. He
said that the arsenals, it must be admitted, were in
decent and reputable condition, especially as
$90,000 of the money previously appropriated
for their repair was yet unexpended. But, be-
yond this, it was stated by gentlemen on that floor'
that many of the arsenals were unnecessary; and,
as the treasury of the country was, and was likely
to continue, in :sn cmbairassed condition, he ha.l
proposed to strike out the whole appropriation,
and substitute a sum which would be sufficient for
two arsenals, at points where it was obvious they
were requisite.
Mr. GILMER called the attention of his col-
league to the detailed estimate., which wculd show
hitn that $10,000 only was required for each of the
arsenals for which he proposed to make appropria-
tion.
Mr . SMITH acted on the suggestion, and sub-
stituted 030,000 for $25,000.
Mr. FILLMORE expressed bis surprise at the
proposition of the gentleman trom Virginia. He
said an appropriation was necessary to repair the
arsenals, both for their preservation and the preser-
vation uf the arms which they contained; and fur-
ther, he deprecated the basing of legislation on un-
authorized statements. Instead of $90,000 unex-
pended, as slated by the gentleman from Vnginia,
there was only some §70,000; and it must be borne
in mind, that that sum was appropriated to defray
such expenses as should be require! in the inter-
val, up lo the 1st of July, and it was for the period
subsequent to that day that the appropriation un-
der consideration was to be made.
Mr. SMITH said there was no proposition more
clear than that the buildings were in good condi-
tion and repair; and, according to the gentleman's
own admission, thete was some $70,000 unexpend-
ed, and therefore he could not be justly charged
with a desire to leave the public property to go to
ruin. He then justified his motion on other grounds.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Calhoun]
had shown that vome of the arsenals were unneces-
sary, and therefore it was their obvious duty lo
put them out of existence; but, in justification of
iiis amendment, especially in relation to the arsen-
al at Little Rock, he reminded the committee of the
proximity of 40,100 Indian warriors to that coun-
try, who could sweep its occupants from that por 
tion of tins Union.
Mr. CROSS opposed the amendment in some
remarks, which wuic not distinctly heard.
The amendment was then negatived.
Mr. GILMER moved to strike out $90,000 and
insert $50,000.
The motion was negatived.
Several items wcrt then read and passed with-
out amendment.
When the Clerk read the item making an ap-
propriation for further military surveys,
Mr. GILMER said he thought that was a
•branch of the public service which could be sus-
pended, and he moved to strike out that appropria-
tion.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means how that
money was expended. He thought there were
men amongst the officers of this country that
were competent to make these surveys.
M r. FILLMOR E understood that there was a con-
siderable additional expense beyond that of mere
officers, such as clerk-hire, transportation, &c.
Mr. SMITH observed that they bad very large
annual expenditures for transportation, and a num-
ber of officers of high pay. It seemed to him that
the military service should be exclusively employed
in thesa surveys. It was by employing other per-
sons than the regular officers of the Government,
that ihe expenditures of the Government were
swelled up to such an extent.
Mr. FILLMORE spoke of the great importance
of the surveys, and said that they wfre made so as
to be ready whenever it might be necessary to
erect fortifications.
Mr. SMITH observed that there were two or
three different classes of fortifications, covering
the whole frontier; and he could not imagine the
necessity for an appropriation as small as this. He
thought that these surveys were more for the par-
pose of giving good jobs to the officers above their
regular pay, than for any real benefit to the conn-
try. Oar officers were so well paid, that it was not
necessary to give them such jobs to eke out their
means of living.
The question was then taken on Mr. Fillmore's
motion, and it was rejected.
Mr. CALHOUN desired to ask the chairman of
the committee what was meant by the clause "for
expenses for preparing drawings for artillery." The
reason he asked was, there was generally a proviso
in the appropriation bills, that there should be no
extra compensation paid to any officers, or other
persons in the employment of the department. Yet,
notwithstanding this proviso, ihe committee of
which the gentleman lrom Virginia [Mr. Gilmer]
was at the head, had ferreted out the fact that
many of the ordnance officers received "an extra
compensation of $2 per day, in addition to their
regular pay, for preparing drawings of artillery.
Now, it appeared to hiia that this kind of work
was part cf'the regular duty of these officers, for
which they received regular pay.
Mr. FILLMORE explained that there had been
a board of officers appointed for the purpose of
making every part of the artillery uniform,and that
a draughtsman was employed to assist them. The
committee, considering the extra pay of this board
an abuse, struck it out of the appropriation of last
year, and this year there was no estimate for it.
The pay of the draughtsman, however,was estimated
for; and this, with the incidental expenses of sta-
tionery, &c., made up this item.
Mr. CALHOUN said that as there had been a
provision inserted in the former appropriation bills,
ti at no person in regular pay should receive any
extra compensation, the law had been trampled on
by the department m making such allowances; and
he would suggest to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Arnold,] to call up his bill as soon as possi-
ble, to correct this and all similar abuses.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked if this $1,300
®ai for the purchase ot paper alone.
Mr. FILLMORE answered, for drawing paper,
ink, &c.
Mr. SMITH then observed, that this "and so
forth" might ir.c'ude everything.
Mr. GILMER wished to call the attention of the
committee to the Met, that m thi- bill there were
$65,000 appiopria'.cd, by three clauses in juxtapo-
sition, and all for the same general and specific
i -Kpuses. First, these was a clause appropriating
$15,000 lor the surveys for the military defences of
the country, inland and Atlantic; secondly, for mili-
taiy and geographical surveys west of the Missis-
sippi,$15,000 for the half calendar year, and $15,000
for the fiscal year—making $20,000; and, thirdly,
tor the continuation of the surveys on the Northern
