CON«REMSI#I# Ai, GLOBE.
_1 PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
37th Cong 3d Sess. WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 25, 1843. Volume 12— No. 12
Continued from No. 11.
in| what was called the Ashburton treaty. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs had charge of the
general.subjec, by the reference to them of a por-
tion of the President's message at the commence-
ment of the session, and particularly by the refer-
ence of the message communicating the treaty.
The committee had, therefore, reported this bill for
the purpose of carrying into effect those provisions
of the treaty which required the legislation of Con-
gress. The sixth article was as follows:
"It is furthermore understood and agreed, that for the pur.
pose of running and tracing those parts of the lme between the
source of the St. Croix and the St. Lawrence rivers, which will
require to be run and ascertained, and for marking the residue
of said line by proper monuments on the land, two commission*
ers shall be appointed—one by the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate thereof, ana
one.by her Britannic Majesty; and the said commissioners shall
meet at Bangor, in the State of Maine, on the 1st day of May
next, or as soon thereafter as may be, and shall proceed to mark
the line above described from the source of the St. Croix to the
river St. John; and shall trace on proper maps the dividing line
atong said river, and along the nver St. Francis to the outlet of
Lake Pohenagamook; and from the outlet of the said lake, they
shall ascertain, fix, and mark, by proper and durable monu.
menta upon the land, the line described in the first article of
this treaty; and the said commissioners shall make to each of
theit respective Governments a joint report or declaration, un-
der their hands and seals, designating such line of boundary;
andphall accompany said report or declaration with maps cei-
tified by them to be true maps of the new boundary."
In looking at ihe treaty, it was found lhat not
only the 6:h article, but others, required appropria-
tions to carry them into effect; but for one of the
other articles the Committee of Ways and Means
had already reported an appropriation of $300,000
in the general appropriation bill, viz: to pay and
satisfy the States of Maine and Massachusetts for
the expenses incurred by them in protecting and
surveying the disputed territory. It was found,
however, by reference to the rules of the House,
that the Committee of Ways and Means were pro-
hibited from including in the general appropriation
bills any appropriations for carrying treaties into
effect. Therefore there were two appropriations to be
made under that article; and u would be found,
on referring to the rules of the House, that there
was a rule providing that an appropriation for
carrying out a treaty shall not be included in the
general appropriation bill. The rule is in these
words:
"In preparing bills of appropriation for other objects, the
Committee of ways and Means shall not include appropria-
tions for carrying out treaties made by the United States; and
where an appropriation bill shall be referred to them for their
consideration, which contains appropriations for carrying a
treaty into effect, and for other objects, thi-y shall piopose such
amendments as shall prevent appropriations for carrying a
treaty into effect beine; included in the same bill with appropria-
tions for other objects."
Thus it became necessary that all appropriations
for carrying out treaties should be made in sepa-
rate bills; and in this case it was deemed judicious
to do it in the bill providing for the appointment
of a commissioner. The committee had also fur-
ther, iu the execution of the treaty, thought it
proper to insert the 6 h section, for the provision of
a squadron for the coast of Africa. That section
is iu these words:
1 Sec. 6. And be it further tunc ltd, That it shall be the
duty of the President of the United States, m the execution ol
the provisions of the 8th article ol said iruaty, to apply so much
of the naval appropriations as may be neressaiy therefor to the
preparation, equipment, and maintenance of the naval forcf
therein stipulated to be employed on the coast ol Africa by On*
United States.''
As this bill contained appropriations he moved
that it be referred to the Committee ot the Whole
on the state of the Union, in the usual couise.
Mr. C. J. I1MGER.SOLL inquired if there was
any report accompanying the bill.
Mr. CUSHINdf replied that there was not a re-
port; bat he would state that it was contemplated to
make a report, which would be presented before
the bill came up tor consideration.
Mr. C. J. 1NGERSOLL was understood to itv
quire the nature of the report.
Mr. GUSHING replied that he would only yet
say that there would be a report.
After a few words of conversation and explana-
tion between Mr. FILLMORE and Mr. CUSH-
ING, the motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then continued the call for re-
ports, and the following were presented:
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on the Territories, reported a bill entitled "An act
making appropriation for a law library for the
use of the court of appeals for the Territory of
Florida;" which was read twice, and committed.
He also reported a bill making appropriations
for completing the public buildings of Florida;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. STALEY N. CLARKE, from the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for
the relief of Samuel Edgecomb; which was read
twice, and committed.
And, also, a bill granting a pension to David
Munn.
Mr. BABCOCK reported a bill for the relief of
Jacob Miller; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made divers adverse reports.
Mr. READ, from the same committee, made an
adverse report in the case of Peter W. Short.
Mr. STRATTON was also understood to make
an adverse report on the case of James Stevens.
Mr. McKENNAN moved that the Committee
on Roads and Canals be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a petition for a harbor at
Racine, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Commerce; which was agreed to.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, reported the Senate
bill for the relief of the Steamboat Company of
Nantucket; which was committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
FINE ON GENERAL JACKSON.
Mr. HUNT (who was entitled to the floor dur-
ing the morning hour, for fifteen minutes, being the
residue of his hour, partly occupied on a previous
day) then resumed his speech on the subject of
General Jackson's fine, the resolution of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bowne] coming up
as the business next in order. He said his time
was too limited to permit him to go into this sub-
ject as he desired; but he proposed to show that,
by the Constitution of the United States, and the
laws on the subject, Judge Hall was justified in
the course he took; that he was bound to issue the
writ as he did; and that he was equally bound, in
reference to the dignity and the integrity of his
court, to punish as for contempt, and to punish
summarily. The first authority to which he would
call the attention of the House was the third arti-
cle of the treaty of Paris of April 30, 1803—the
treaty by which this country obtained what is now
Louisiana:
"Art. 3. The inhabitants of the ceiled territory shall be in.
corporated in the Union of the United States, and admitted, as
hooo as possible, according to the principles of the Federal
Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
andj^tmunitiea of citizens ol the "United States; and, in the
meantime, they shall be maintained and protected in the free
enjoyment of their liberty, property, and the religion which
theartrofess."
The next authority to which he asked ihe alien-
tion of the House, was the act of the 8th of April,
1812, admitting Louisiana into the Union. The
second section of that act provides as follows:
"And that all thelaw3 of the United States, not locally inap-
plicable, shall be extended to the said States, and shall have the
same force and effect within the same, as elsewhere within the
United States."
Now, what were the laws of the United States,
that, by the article of the treaty of Paris, and the
act admitting Louisiana into the Union, were to
extend and operate over that State? The act of
1789, commonly called the judiciary act, showed
what some of them were; and, amongst them,
there was a law extending to the inhabitants of
that State the writ of habeas corpus. He asked the
attention of gentlemen to the 14th and 17th sections
of the judiciary act of 1789. The 14th section
was iu these words;
"Thatallthe beforementioned courts of the United States
shall have power to issue writs ot scire facias^ htweUs cdrpuSy
and all other writs not specially provided for by atatute, -which
may be necessary for the exercise of .their respective jurisdic-
tions, and agreeable to the principles and usages of law; and
that either of the justices of the Supreme Court, as well a 
judges of the district courts, shall have power to grant writs of
habeas corptts for the purpose ol an inquiry into the cause of
commitments."
The 17th section contained these words:
"That all the said courts, Sec. shall have power, &c. and te
punish, by fine or imprisonment, at the discretion of said
courts, all contempts of authority in any cause or hearing be-
fore the same."
These 14th and 17th sections were expressly ex-
tended to Louisiana by the treaty to which he had
called the attention of the House, and by the-act
of 1812, from which he had already quoted; and
yet the gentleman from Pennsylvania baa said
that there was no law there in force but the laws
of Spain or Portugal, and France.
But, in this connexion, he referred to the 4th ar-
ticle of the Constitution of the United States, which,
of itself, would setlle this question. The 4th sec-
tion of the 4th article of the Constitution has these
words:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State in the
Union a republican form of government, and shall protect each
of them against invasion."
And now he would say a word to the gentleman,
from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. 3. Ingersoll] re-
specting the case of Judge Peck, which, probably,
gave rise to the act of 1831. The gentleman,
from Pennsylvania would not 6nd, from the begin-
ning to the end of the proceedings in that case,
(and the managers appointed on the part of this
House were men of the highest abilities,) that it
was assumed or admitted that in any other case
than that under consideration could Jud e Peck
have been subjected to impeachment. Judge Peck
had undertaken to punish as for contempt when
the case was one of libel; but it was not admitted
that in any other class of cases he could have been
subject to impeachment. And he (Mr. H.) should
like to know if, anywhere, contempt was punisha-
ble with the intervention of a jury? The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania had referred to ihe act of
1831, in the course of his observations, and, there-
fore, he (Mr. H.) would briefly allude to it.
In consequence of the act of Judge Peck, Ihe
Legislature of the country passed a law, pointing
out the future limits within which judges should
confine themselves; but, on looking over that law,
he found that it expressly recognised the case exist-
ing before Judge Hall, and only went to strip judges
of the power which Judge Peck exercised—ot pun-
ishing as for contempt libel committed out of his
court. With the permission of the House, he;
would read the first section of the act of March 2,
1831, which was passed in consequence of th« act
of Judge Peck. It was as follows:
"That the power ofthe several courtsof the United States to-
issue attachments and indict summary punishments for con-
tempts of court, shall not be construed to extend to any cases ex-
cept the misbehavior of any person or persons in the presence
of the said courts, or so near thereto as to obstruct the adminis-
tration of justice; the misbehavior of any of the officers of thei
said courts in their official transactions; and the disobedience*,
or resistance by any officer ol the said courts, party, juror, wit-
ness, or any other person or persons, to any lawful writ, pro-,
cess, order, rule, decree, or command of the said courts."
Now, with what face could the gentleman front
Virginia say that, in the act of 1831, there was any
condemnation of the course pursued by Judge
Hall? He (Mr. Hunt) submitted, then, lhat, both
by the Constitution and the laws of ihis country,
Judge Hall was bour.d, or he would have violated
his oath of office, to issue the writ, and to punishi
contempt summarily and without the intervention.,
of a jury.
Here * the gentleman's hour expired, and Mr J
BOTTS obtained tbe floor.
Mr. FILLMORE requested the gentleman from.
Virginia to give way, for a motion either to take up>
the question of reconsideration of the vote by whicbt.
the bankrupt repeal bill was passed, or to go into
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman front
