t?<3
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
New York that there were various Senate bills on
the table, and also several Executive messages, th«
disposal of which he suggested.
The several Senate bills were accordingly read
twice, and committed; and the Executive messages
were presented to the House, and appropriately re-
ferred. Of the Executive communications, there
were the following:
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the report of the surveyor gen-
eral of Arkansas and the Territories of Wisconsin
and Florida.
Also, a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
showing the number of officers, &c , at the port of
New York on the 1st July, 1828, and the 1st Jan-
uary, 1842, and the amount of revenue at those
two peiicds.
Likewise, a report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, in answer to a resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the 11th January, 1843, in refer-
ence to goods lost by fire in the public stores of
New York.
The SPEAKER also submitted a communica-
tion from the War Department, in answer to a
resolution of the House adopted on the 14th ult.,
calling for a survey in Florida: referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MATHIOT, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
Nancy Wilson: twice read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole House.
REPEAL OF THE BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. FILLMORE called up the bill for the re-
peal of tiie bankrupt law, which was passed by the
House, but still on the Speaker's table, in conse-
quence of a motion of reconsideration made by the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Proffit.]
Mr. CUSHING, who was entitled to the floor,
addressed the House at length, in reply to the re-
marks made by various gentlemen, during the Ia>t
three weeks in relation to the present Administra-
tion. He commenced by remarking that the Pres-
ident of the United States was accused of obstruct-
ing the passage of Whig measures of relief, and
was charged with uncertainty and vacillation of
purpose. As these charges had been made against
the President, he felt it to be his duty to ask (he
country who was chargeable with vacillation and
uncertainty of purpose, and the destruction of
measures of relief? Who were they who, with sac-
rilegious hands, were seeking to expunge the last
measure of the "ill-starred" extra session from the
Matate-books? Forty-seven Whigs, he answered,
associated with the Democratic party in the House,
and formed a coalition to blot out that measure.
[Laughter, and cries of "Good."] He repeated it:
lorty-seven Whigs formed a coalition with the
Democrats to expunge all the remains of the extra
.session which existed. For three weeks past,
there had been constantly poured forth the most
eloquent denunciations of the President, of the
Secretary of State, and of himself. He might
imagine, as was said by Warren Hastings when
such torrents of denunciation were poured out up-
on him, that there was some foundation for the
imputation of the orators. He should inquire into
ihe merits e>f the political questions, and into the
accusations made against him. He was told that
he had thrown a firebrand into the House —that he
had brought a tomahawk here. He denied it.
Ha had done no puch thing. It was not true that
he commenced Ihe debate which was carried on;
and when gentlemen said that he had volunteered
remarks out of the regular ord'.r, in reply to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] he told
them that they were not judges. His mode of de-
fence was counter-attack, and it was for him to
judge of the argument. If he carried the war into
the enemy's camp, the responsibilty was wish
those who commenced the attack.
It was arrogated to themselves by the Whigs,
that they possessed the exclusive license of attack,
and that the friends of the Administration must
not stand up and defend themselves. According
to these gentlemen, he must not resist th? attacks
made upon him. He understood his rights; and if
gentlemen would a'sail the Administration—if they
would pour out frantic abuse upon it, it was his
right, ts reply, whenever his convictions of duty
enabled him. In doing this, he had held up a magic
mirror to the country. He had placed before the
House the means by which members could read
their own hearts. When gentlemen undertook to
arraign him for alleged sins against the Constitu-
tion and the form of our Government, and put up-
on him an imputation which could not be found in
his speech, and which he challenged them to justi-
fy by pointing out one sentence,—when gentlemen
come here into the House and do this, he declared
that it was an endeavor to pass upon the country
the false coin of political profession. Was there
any one who would say that, of 242 members of
this House, every man was free from political mo-
tives in his conduct? He repelled the charges
which they made upon him and upon the Admin-
istration; and he should endeavor to show that they
proceeded only from interested motives, whether
of fame, wealth, power, or anything else by which
men were banded together as parties. What was
a party? He defined a party to be an association
of men seeking to get power.
When they talked of principles, what did they
mean? The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mar-
shall] did not develop any principles on which he
acted. Principle with that gentleman was a meas-
ure—the United States bank. Did the United Stales
bank constitute principle? Did the sub-treasury of
itself constitute a principle? The gentleman from
New York [Mr. McKeon] nods assent. It such a
thing constituted principle, he (Mr. C.)scorned the
idea. He did not recognise the notion that the
question whether the public deposites should be
kept by a cashier or an agent, constituted a prin-
ciple. He scomed the idea that a man should be
called a traitor if he did not rally around the sub-
treasury. He well understood what the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKeon] meant by prin-
ciples; and that was, the restoration of the expelled
Bourbons, and with them the revival of their repu-
diated sub treasury—a return to power, to revenge
themselves upon those who had an agency in their
expulsion. As to the principles of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall] he should wait
until that gentleman should have had an opportu-
nity to develop them, before he made any com-
ments.
Thus, then, when he saw that the questions now
agitating the country were questions of party; that
parties were divided upon the issue of what they
called the principles of a national bank and a sub-
treasury, he thought it was time for the country to
interfere, and prevent the interests of the people
from being crushed between the upper and nether
millstones. For presenting the true issue to the
country, and for calling upon the House to aid the
constitutional chief of the Government in carrying
on the Government, he had been accused of
offering at auction the power of the Federal
Government! When he Raw the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. R. W. Thompson] occupying
an hour in expanding a paragraph from the Globe
into a speech, and the gentleman from New York
responding to the strain of his argument, he was
reminded of a portion of the funeral oration of
Antony over Caesar, (wh eh Mr. C. recited ) When
he found the gentleman from Indiana taking up
the interested lead of the Globe, and re-echoing
the charges of the Globe, he asked himself, was
that gentleman in favor of Mr. Van Buren for
the Presidency? If not, he could not explain wht
that gentleman had fallen into the trap set by
this organ of Mr. Van Buren; and it., indeed,
seemed to him that the gentleman,and those who
followed him, were like the wild bull in the Spanish
shows, who rushed at the red flag neld out to him,
whilst the matader stood by to plunge the dagger
in his side.
He would ask gentlemen to consider the merits
of this debate. Wbat was the point in the elo-
quent denunciations and the continued invectives
which had been heaped upon him? He argued
that the people of the United States were peculiarly
a nation of political-readers, and that they prided
themselves upon their political information; bat, in
their reading, there was too much of party—too
much of the superficial party discussions of the
day. If a man advanced a general idea of politi-
cal action apart from party, the people fell into
spasms at the paradox; and the remark was imme-
diately made a subject of attack by all the cham-
pions of party. This was illustrated by the treat-
ment of a remark made by him at the last session,
upon the exercise of the veto power by the Presi-
dent. For weeks together, he was denounced for
advancing the very idea which was to be found in
the works of Madison. But it was necessary, to
be made a topic of reproach against one of the
friends of the President; and, therefore, it did not
avail anything to show that he was right, and that
the very doctrine which he advanced was once ut-
tered by Henry Clay in a corresponding debate in
the Senate of the United States. The same line of
debate was renewed upon him at the present ses-
sion.
The position of the two great parties, and those
few who stood here to defend the acts of the Ad-
ministration, was peculiar. Our Government was
now undergoing a test in a new particular. This
was the first time that the Administration of the
Government had ever devolved upon the Vice
President. Now, he had called upon the people
and the House to adapt themselves to that contin-
gency, and support the Constitution; for with the
"constitutional fact" was associated the party
fact; and whilst the President was not a party chief,
there was a 'party chief of the party in powerl
The question was, whether there could be two
Administrations—one, a constitutional Administra-
tion, by the President; and the other, a party Ad-
ministration, exercised by a party chief in the
Capitol? With this i<nie before him—whether the
President, or the party leader—the chief in the White
House, or the chief in the Capitol—should carry on
the Administration—he felt it to be a duty which he
owed to the Government of his country to give his
aid to the constitutional chief. That was the real
question whichhad pervaded all ourcontests thusfar.
He said to the majority here, that it was no less
their duty to their party than to their country, if
they expected to succeed, to aid the Administra-
tion in carrying on she Government. It was not
merely the only mode in which they could carry on
the Government, but also the only means by which
they could maintain the ascendency of their party
in power. Every consideration of duty invoked
thsm to sustain the President.
He (Mr. C.) had been charged with separation
from the Whig party as a crime. He would say
that, had that party followed his advice, they would
now have been powerful, united, and omnipotent,
as at the commencement of the Administration; but
he was overruled, and the batteries of the two po-
litical parties were both turned upon the President.
The question with all was, What were the interests
of party? From that time all discussions were but
the voice and the echo of party. The inquiry did
not arise how the public interests were to be affect,
ed by any measure; but the President was accused
of treason, whenever he did not approve of it.
Yes; the President was accused of treason—not lo
the Constitution, nor to the Government of his coun-
try, but to party. Instead of asking what was the
President's duty to the country, they only inquired
what he ought to do for the party. In this view of
matters, he (Mr. C.) took his stand in defence of
the Constitution. He cared not what might be the
clamors of party men raised around him. He
should stand and permit himself to be hewn down,
rather than yield any of the positions which he had
taken. In this spirit he came to touch upon the
topics advanced in the general debate upon the
meri's of the Administration. Each party had an
interest in misconstruing the Administration. All
parties here wished to break it down, by making an
attack on the motives of its friends.
They expected it; they were ready to encounter
it; they appealed to lime for a judgment on their
actions, and the course they had pursued. What
was it that the gentlemen from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] and Indiana [Mr. R. W. Thompson]
and Vermrnt [Mr. Evehett] had imputed to them;
giving the lead in this debate to all the denuncia>
tion.s which had been poured upon them? The
gentleman from Maine admitted that he had adopt-
ed the idea of the gentleman from Indiana, in char-
ging him (Mr. Gushing) with offering the power of
this Government at auction, as the price with which
