CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
H#
to purchase a party in that House; and be chal-
lenged the gentleman from Indiana to point out a
sentence of his speech which could bear such a
construction.
Mr. THOMPSON rose; but
Mr. CUSHING said he could not yield the floor.
Mr. THOMPSON said, then, he hoped the gen-
tleman would not challenge him for an explana-
tion, unless he would yield the floor, to give him
an. opportunity to make it.
Mr. COSHING said the gentleman could not es-
cape in that way. He had felt it to be his duty to
spread out an article of the Globe, and he would
have opportunity sufficient to explain hereafter;
but he (Mr. Coshih«) could not now yield any part
of the half hour that remained to him.
The gentleman from Maine had said that, in-
stead of replying to the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Arnold ] who commenced this debate, he (Mr.
C.) had only devoted ten lines to that gentleman's
speech.
Mr. FE8SENDENT rose.
Mr. PROFFIT. ''Order!" "order!"
Mr. CUSHING refused to yield the floor, and
continued his rumarks. The gentleman from
Maine said he (Mr. G.) besran the attack on the
Whig party at me extra session; but he denied that
that was true. He s^obe but once on party ques-
tions at the extra sesuon, and then in reply to as-
saults on the Administration.
Mr. PESSENDEN again row, but
Mr. CUSHING said he could not—he would
not—yield any part of the sma 1 portion of time
remaining to him, and continued. The gentleman
from Maine sail that, at the commencement of the
second session, he began a like course of ramark;
but he (Mr. C.) said that was not true. Late in,
or about the middle of the session, he did reply 10
various speeches; but he did not begin the attack
on any gentleman, or any party. It was after a
debate in which many gentlemen had spoken, that
he replied to those gentlemen. The gentleman
from Miine then proceeded to i>ay, that, in the con-
troversy of the last session, it wav not as alleged by
him—it was not a fact lhat the Whig party was
broken to pieces against the fixed consiituiional
fact of ihe constitutional power of th« President;
but it was in consequence of the disappointment
felt on the failure or measures of relief. What
measures? Did noi the Piesideat concur with
the House in the enactment of ihe bankrupt
lawl And when had he asked for its repeal?
Did not ihe President concur in the passage
of the distribution aw? And when the House
and the Senate chore to pass measure:, for relief,
what measures did they pass in which the Presi-
dent did not concur? There was nothing but the
United States Bank in which ho did not concur;
and he (Mr. G.) appealed to this House, and from
this House to the people of the United Stales,
whether there was anything else; and he there as-
serted that a majority of the people of the Uniied
States were opposed to a United States lank.
The gentleman from Indiana had quoted from a
speech of his in 1834, on the bank bill, for the pur-
pose ot showing an extreme inconsistency on his
part; to which he would only reply, that he could
not conceive that political blindness could be ?o
obtuse as not to peiceive that the experience of the
last fourvears in thehivury of theBanknf theUutied
States must have affected every one's judgment in
regard to that bank. Wcie ihey expected to fix
their judgments and opinions on what Ihey wereb. 
fore that pr riod? Weie ihey expected to i etnin opin-
ions held before the gross corruptions and abuses of
that bank were brought to light? He denied that Ihe
people of the Uniied S ates, or amajmityof them,
were m favor of a United St-ites bank; but if ihis
were so, it did not change the nature o£ ihe con-
stitutional faci to which he had adverted.
Mr. C. then referred to and quoted some re-
marks of Mr. Fessenden, i;i which he spoke ot
the power of the President over th« public press,
and of the venality and corruption of some of the
Whig newspapers. Mr. C. said that the remarks
of the gentleman involved two facts. In the first
place, there was the allegation that the entire Whig
press was venal; and, in ihe next place, that it was
bought up by the President of the United States.
There could be no other meaning attached to the
gentleman's remarks. In reply to the gentleman,
he denied the venality of the press in these broad
terms. He admitted that there was much of the
extreme of faction in it; there was faction inihat
House, and. among the people; and it was conse-
quent on the common passions of our nature: but
it was not true ihat the press was thus venal,
and under the control of the Presidentof the United
States; and that, being bribed by him, it had ca-
lumniaied the present Congress. The gentleman
had supposed an impossible fact. The President
never possessed the patronage sufficient to mate-
rially affect the press; and what little patronage he
did possess, had been taken away by the act of the
last session. The gentleman from Maine then
proceeded to arraign him (Mr. C ) as a no-party
man, and to pick out of the newspapers and quote
against him a migratory paragraph which some of
them had extracted from Jonathan Swift; and
Jonathan Swift, the most corrupt tory of the
corrupt reign of dueen Anne, with Lord Bo-
lingbrobe by his side, was used to arraign bim
for his speeches in an American Congress. All
the coarse denunciations of that man, (who was
not inaptly termed the libeller of his generation,)
vented forth against the party opposed to him, in
order that he might hound on the dogs of faction,
were quoted against him, beffanse he deprecated
faction and parly excrement. He was ashamed
that any gen.leman should come into lhat House,
and read lessons on party spirit from the most fac-
u'ous and corrupt wtiter lhat ever existed. There
were lessons on that subject, which it would better
have become the gentleman to read from; such, for
instance, as the farewell address of the Father of
his Country, from which the most whelesome and
useful instructions could be drawn. He would
have the gentleman from New York, also, [Mr.
Gordon,] who seemed to correspond wilb the gentle-
man from Maine in his ideas of the blessings of parly
spirit, to reflect on the same lessons. He would have
that gentleman and his colleague [Mr. McKeon]
to remember the letter of Andrew Jackson in
1816, to James Monroe, in which he also in-
voked his countrymen to banish all party spirit from
their councils. On this subject he must advert to
what was an indisputable fact m the history of the
world. Tlieie had been two combinations of re-
publics precisely analogous to ours—he meant the
republics of Greece and the Italian Republics.
Both these republics were bound together by a
community of language and of custom-v of origin
and of interest. Any one who would road and
reflpct upon their histories, would see that it was
parly spirit, and the spirit of faction, that caused
their overthrow. "As illustrative of this fact, he
begged leave to read a passage from the warrior
statesman and historian of one of these confeder-
ated republics—Thueydides.
[Mr. C.here read the extract which he alluded
to ]
Now, it seemed to bq supposed by these two
gieat parties that the moderate men of the House
and country were to be the victims of both of
them. He begged gentlemen not to delude them-
selves wiih the idea that he was a moderate man,
or that he had the least idea of becoming the pass-
ive victim, in the words of Thucydide?,of these two
faeti' ns. Had not the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wi-e] and himself opinions of their own,
which they possessed the right to advocate and de-
fend? So fir as they had the power to influence
the opinions of the people of the United States, it
was their right and their duty to exert it, as well as
the riaht and duty of the men connected with
this Administration. Instead of holding out the
spoils of office, as the gentleman from In-
diana charged him with doing, he did but
exercise the right and duty belonging lohim and
every citizen, to be heard at a proper time on the
question of the Presidency. This the genileman
called, like the chief of the Pt$'orian bands, put-
ting up the empire at auciiou. Now, be should
suppose lhat ihe language be use;. would, ins'ead
of being considered a tender, or a seduction, be
considered in the Mght of an indecent Ihreat on the
House; for that, and that alone, was the disingen-
uous construction that could be pat on his lan-
guage. The gentleman from Indiana, as he had
already said, did not signaliz; any portion of his
remarks on which he founded the imputations he
cast out. Till the gentleman did that, he bad no
answer to make, except the one he would now
give—and that was, the most emphatic denial of
all these imputations. When the gentleman could
put his hand on that portion of his rematks on.
which he., founded these irnpnu ions, then it
would be time enough for him to answer them.
No gentleman had yet done it; and, th ugh ho
had challenged them again snd again to do so,
they confined ihemselves to thf-se general denun-
ciations. It would be in vain for him to combat
this man o£ straw which gentlemen had raised up;
and be would, therefore, dismiss that part of the
subject.
It was his wish—and, but for the limitation of the
time allowed htm, it was his intention—>o comment
particularly on the speech of the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Fayner,] as well as the
speech of the gentleman from Indiana; but he was
admonished by his friends around him that his
time was fast passing .away. He would merely
say, in reference to ihe remarks of ihe gentleman,
from North Carolina, ihat he, in common with the
gentlemsn from Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] did
not impute to him (Mr. C ) corrupt motives,
though he imputed what he (Mr. C.) was bound
to disavow. The gentleman from Nurih Carolina
in the rhetorical illustration and exaggeration of
his ideas, (so common with members on that floor,)
objected that, in the face of this House and the
nation, he (Mr. C ) had declared that the power
and patronage of this Government would be exer-
cised in favor of those in power. Now he denied
ihat he ever made any such declaration; and he
challenged the gentleman to show it. The remark
he made had a tar different tendency, and ro e far
above the murky atmosphere which pervaded that
House. His allusion was to thecariyiog on o£
the Government, and to the duty of every man,
no matter to what party he belonged, to co-( perate
with the President in that object. It \ a< immate-
rial whether the Government was carried on by
Whig or Democratic votes, or by a combination of
both, so that it was rightfully administered. If it
could not be carried on by Whig votes, might it
not be carried on by Democratic votes, or by a com-
bination of parts of both? It was all idle delusion
to say that there was anything wrong in tlje Presi-
dent'-' cabling on either of the two parties, or on
both, to aid him in carrying on the Government.
Did any gentleman complain of the tariff law o£
the last session, because it was carried by a com-
bination of Whig and Democratic votes? Was
that corruption, any more than the President's carry-
ing on the Government by the aid of any votes he
might get for lhat purpose? There was no more
wrong in ihe fact that he, a member of that
House, should carry an important measure either
by Whig or Democratic votes, as he could get
them, than for the President to carry on th? Gov-
ernment by the same means.
In the few moments left him, he desired to say
that this Administration stood upon its acts and
measnres, and went before fhe country by whom,
it was to be judged upon them. All these ques-
tions of the hour would pass away with the hour;
they were transient, and could not awake the in-
terest of posterity. They would pass away; and
if this Administration was to be condemned—
which he was sure ihat it could not justly
be by those then, around them, upon its acts>
and measures—it would appeal to posterity against
the party excesses and extravagant acts of party
spirit -which occasioned its condemnation. It had,
been too much the custom in that Hoi'se to indulge*
on general questions, in broad and sweeping denun-
ciations of men; to talk of treachery, a«d of the
shameless acu of the Executive, and ihose around
him; and this was to delude the public mind, and to>
stimulate it into hostility to the Administration.
He did not know but ihat the indignation ex-
cited by such of these denunciations as had fallen,
to his share, might have caused him to retaliate, by
using corresponding language. If so, he regretted
it, and hoped that he might be excused for it. He
might now move the previous question; but would
