CONGRESSIONAL G&OBE.
Ill
committee, "of the whole, oh certain amendments,
Which were agreed to; and, there being no motion
to farther amend the bill, it was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
CHARTER OF ALEXANDRIA.
The bill to amend the charter of the town of Al-
exandria, in the District of Columbia, was taken
up, read the second time, and taken up as in com.
mittee of the whole.
Mr. MILLER explained that the object of the
bill was to allow the legal voters of that town the
right to elect their mayor by ballot. He was now
elected by the common council. The passage of
the bill was urged not only by a majority of the
common council, but by a large majority of the
people. The Committee on the District had re-
ported favorably ta the passage of the bill.
Mr. SEVIER remarked that the Senator
from New Jersey [Mr. Miller] spoke of legal
voters. He wished to be informed what were the
qualifications for a legal voter in that town.
Mr. MILLER replied, that to be a legal voter,
a person must be 21 years of age, be a freeholder,
and must have resided in the town one year previ-
ous to the election.
There being no motion to amend the bill, it was
reported to the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
made a report (which was ordered to be printed)
adverse to the passage of the bill from the House,
for the relief of Samuel B. Tuck.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a resolution, so
to amend the 33d rule of the Senate as to add to
the list of standing committees a Committee on
Territories.
The resolution lies on the table one day, under
the rule.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do pass, House
bills of the following titles, viz:
The bill entitled "An act supplementary to the
act of 24th May, 1828, to continue a copyright to
John Rowlett."
The bill entitled "An act for the relief of Samuel
Lord;" and
The bill for the relief of Charles B. Hall.
BANKRUPT LAW.
House bill entitled "An act to repeal the bankrupt
law," was taken up, read twice, and, on motion by
Mr. BERRIEN, referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Senate bill for the relief of Richard Henry
Wilde was taken up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BERRIEN explained that the object of this
bill was to secure to Mr. Wilde, an American citi-
zen, the benefits of our copyright law, in relation
to the productions of his literary labors, which are
of such a nature that he can hardly expect, in the
first instance, remuneration for their publication
in this country, until they shall have gained some
celebrity abroad. Hs U under the impression that
he could sell his copyright in England, so as to
avoid the expense and risk of getting out his
works, upon which he has spent great labor, time,
and research. Hedesires to be tecaredia his right,
as an American citizen, to the benefit of our
copyright law in the United States, after his books
shall have been published abroad. It was consid-
ered by the committee to whom the bill had been
referred, that this was a peculiar case in which it
would be well to extend the indulgence required.
Mr. TAPPAN thought the same case might be
applicable to many authors, citizens of the United
States; and there could be no reason in favor of
this special case, that would not be equally strong
in favor of others. He, therefore, moved an
amendment, in substance, to strike out the name
of "Richard Henry Wilde" wherever it occurred
in the bill, and substitute such words as would
make its application general to authors, citizens of
the United States.
Mr. EERRIEN'conceived it would be best to
confine the bill to the isolated cass which Con-
gress was called upon to act. He did not think the
Senate was prepared to go into the general subject
of revising the copyright law. He thought the
proper course would be to allow this bill to pass,
and to institute an inquiry into the propriety of re-
vising the general law.
Mr. TAPPAN intimated that, if his amendment
was to meet with opposition, he should require the
yeas gud' ngyg,
Mr. CRITTENDEN requested the bill and
amendment would be read.
They were read accordingly.
Mr. KING had not particularly examined into
the subject of the copyright law; but his present im-
pression was, that there should* be no legislation at
all in relation to it. But, if a majority of the Sea-
gate decided on passing this bill, it ought to be made
general in its application. It was not his inten-
tion, in any case, to vote for it, because he was op-
posed to the principle of partial extensions of the
copyright law. If he could have been induced to
make any exception, it certainly would have been
it favor of Mr. Wilde. He was, however, com-
pelled, under a sense of duty, to move the indefi-
nite postponement of the bill.
Mr. BERRIEN argued at considerable length
against the indefinite postponement of the bill, and
in favor of the propositisn to legislate alone on
this isolated case. If other cases of like claims
should hereafter come up, they, also, could be
legislated upon reparately. He stated that the sub-
ject of Mr. Wilde's labors was Italian literature;
for which there was not, at present, a market in
this country. The bill only proposed that if, here-
after—that is, after the publication in "England—
the work should prove of such consequence as,
from its reputation abroad, to create a demand for
its republication in this country, he should be enti-
tled to the benefit of our copyright law; to which,
as an American citizen, he would unquestionably
be entitled, without this special act, but for the pre-
vious publication in England.
The debate was continued some lime by Messrs.
BUCHANAN and ALLEN against the bill, and
by Messrs BERRIEN, CRITTENDEN, and BAY-
ARD in its support; and by Messrs. WOODBURY
and CONRAD in favor of Mr. Tippah's amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. Kino's mo-
tion of indefinite postponement; and decided in
the negative—yeas 12, nays 2G.
The question then recurred on Mr. TippAN's
amendment; and it was rejected.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate
without amendment, and ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading.
PETERSBURG RAILROAD COMPANY.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the bill for the bene-
fit of the Petersburg Railroad Company was taken
up on its third reading.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that this was a
very important bill, and, as the Senate was very
thin, he hoped it would be laid over.
Mr. EVANS said there was so little time be-
tween this and the 3d of MaPfeh, that there was
good reason to fear, if the bill was not passed to-
day, it could not be acted upon in time.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he was sorry to be
obliged, at so late an hour, to trespass upon the pa-
tience of the Senate; but he was desirous of sta-
ting his views upon this subject. And, at the very
commencement of the debate, (for the bill was not
going to pass sub silentio,) he must be permitted to
state, that he did not believe that any other than an
incorporated company would have made the re-
quest contained in the memorial upon which this
bill was founded. He had no prejudice against in-
corporated companies; but he thought, when they
reviewed the history of this railroad-exemption
question, they would have every reason for believ-
ing that the question ought to be allowed to rest, at
least, until a general revision ot the tariff.
Under the act of May, 1830, privileges were
conferred upon the railroad companies which were
not enjoyed by individuals. The farmer, who tills
the soil—the merchant, who builds ships to navi-
gate the ocean,—all were obliged to pay a duty
upon the iron which they used in their respective
employments; but the railroad company having
petitioned Congress, got an act passed to reduce
the duty for their, special benefit, from the rate
paid by all other classes of citizens, down to 25
per cent. And not content with this, two years
afterwards they petitioned Congress again, and
were relieved from the payment* of all duties what-
ever. And it was an astonishing fact, that this
railroad company, (if be understood the,matter
correctly,) had got a remission from Government
of duties to the amount of upwards of |83,000.
Releasing the duties upon their iron to that amount,
was precisely equal to bestowing upon them that
sum after it .had been collected and placed in the
treasury.
Let us examine this matter a little further. At
the extra session in 1841, the question arose,
whether railroad iron should be taxed as all
other iron? And the Senator from Connecticut pro-
posed to allow the railroad companies an extension
of the privilege of, importing their iron free of duty
until the 3d of March, 1843; making a period of
eighteen months. He, (Mr. B.,) with that good
nature which he trusted had always characterized
him, agreed that the time should be extended. And
now what was it that tbey proposed to do by this
bill? It was proposed that all the railroad iron
which might be in the country, under the compro-
mise that was made upon that subject, at the extra
session, between the Senator from Georgia and
himself, may be laid down hereafter; thus re-
pealing the principle which was laid down;in
1841 and in 1842. - What was that principle?
He observed that a bill had been reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means in the other HoUiSe,
giving to all the railroad iron that may be laid
down previous to the 3d of March, 1843, the privi-
lege of drawback of all the duties. What reason
was there for exempting these corporations f om
the payment of duties, which all other classes of
citizens were obliged to pay? It was never in-
tended, according to the construction of the original
law, to establish the principle that any railroad
company should be permitted the opportunity of
introducing two sets of rails without duty. The
old iron, when taken up, would sell for more
than was originally paid for it by them. Now,
under what specious garb did this entering wedge
present itself? They were told that all the railroad
iron had been imported, and that they could com-
ply with the law, and lay it all down previous to
the 3d of March; but that it would be inconve-
nient to do so. He (Mr. B.) knew enough about
the construction of railroads, to know that it was
the simplest thmg in the world to lay down the iron,
after preparation had been made to receiveit; and
the sooner it was laid down after the road was pre-
pared for it, the better. As to stopping the travel-
ling, he had seen new rails laid down when the cars
were passing twice every day. All ihey had to do
was to connect the old with the new rails. It was
one of the plainest mechanical operations m the
world.
He was anxious to see what would be the result
of the present application. He had agreed, in
good faith, to extend the law of 1841, until the 3d
of March 1843. The company had had eighteen
months in which to complete their work; and they
now came forward and said they wanted six months
longer. It amounted, in fact, to a repeal of the du-
ties on all lailroad iron.
He would now give the Senate a small particle
of information upon this subject of exemption. In
consequence of the law which they had passed,
placing a duty upon iron, two very large establish -
ments had been created in Pennsjlvania for the
purpose of manufacturing railroad iron. One of
them, called the Great Western Iron Works, had
been established with New England capital,
and was situated upon the Alleghany river.
The company had contracted with Governor
Morrow, as president of the Little Miami Railroad
Company, for the delivery at Cincinnati of three
hundred tons of railroad iron, at $50 per ton; and
that it had been delivered according to contract,
and was of an excellent quality. He had been in-
formed that these iron works could, at the present
moment, manufacture 100 tons of railroad iron
per week, and that they were now engaged in ma-
king a quantity of such iron, either for the State of
Indiana, or a company within it—he bad not
