-182
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
learned which. And now, at the very , time
vben this company was manufacturing railroad
iron—not only to the extent'of the demand within
the State of Pennsylvania, but also furnishing the
State of Indiana—ihey were applied to again, to
suspend the duty upon that article; thus holding
out to Pennsylvania a promise to the hope, and
breaking it to the reality: first, placing a duty upon
iron by the tariff bill; and then, by exceptions sub-
sequently made, defeating their lormer act. And
for whose benefit? For the benefit of incorporated
companies. It was (as he said before) the entering
vedge against the common right df the citizens of
the United States.
He declared most solemnly that he would rather,
at this moment, vote for a drawback on iron em-
ployed in the building of ships, than to vote for
this bill for the exclusive benefit of railroad com-
panies, who were not subject to foreign competi-
tion at all. He thought the question had been
settled. He had yielded to the former urgent de-
mands made by associated wealth upon Congress,
through a spirit of compromise and conciliation.
Now, the demands were repeated; and they might
lest fully assured that those companies would never
be satisfied, as long as they continued to exist, with
the ordinary privilege of citizens.
As regarded this company, he was glad to hear
th&t they could lay down their rails before the
3d of March, and he thought they should be
/ limited to that time. He had no doubt, how-
ever, that this bill would pass the Senate; but he
did not think it would go through the House of
Representatives at so galloping a rate. He had
never heard of the bill until yesterday; and now it
appeared everything else must be suspended, in or-
der to hurry it through. He was aware of the
power of moneyed corporations; and that those
gentlemen who had presented tbeir petitions would
remit no efforts to secure the passage of the bill,
and he should look with considerable interest upon
the result. He was anxious to know whether the
benefits of the tariff bill, which passed both Houses
by the votes of Pennsylvania members, were now
to be withdrawn by special legislation.
He would add nothing farther; there were other
gentlemen in that body as deeply interested in this
question as he himself was; he would leave to them
the discussion of the question. But be wanted to
see what would be the fate of the bill, for it would
be, as sure as that he was now speaking, bt t the
entering wedge to the complete destruction o I the
benefits of the tariff law, so far as the State of
Pennsylvania was concerned.
Mr. MILLER saw nothing in this pecu-
liar case that would not apply to every railroad
company entitled to the privilege of the pro-
vision in the tariff law. If this bill is passed,
every other railroad company in the country
may come in and show the same grounds for
claiming an extension of the time from the 3d of
March to some distant day; which claims, if al-
lowed, would amount to a repeal, for the time, of
the law imposing a duty on railroad iron.
Messrs. EVANS and CRITTENDEN con-
tended that it was only an indulgence which
the Petersburg Railroad Company solicited; which
would make no difference to the revenue, as
the iron was already in the country, and could
be laid down within the time by extraordina-
ry expense and exertion, and the greaiest incon-
venience to the public; as, in that event, all travel-
ling on the road should be suspended; wheress, if
time were given, the new iron could be laid down
gradually, and without inteiruption to the regular
trains.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
PHELPS and ARCHER.
Mr. SEVIER moved to lay the bill on the table
till Monday, as the hour was late, and the Senate
would have to go into executive session.
Mr EVANS said it might be passed over in-
formally.
The bill was accordingly passed over informally.
Mr. SEVIER moved that, when (he Senate ad-
journ, it be to Monday; which was agreed to.
The following engrossed bills were then taken
up, read a third time, and passed:
An act ta regulate enlistmeHts in the army, and
navy, and marine corps of the United States.
An act for the relief of Win. De Peyster and
Henry N. Cruger.
An act for the relief of the administrators of
John Jackson.
An act for the relief of Samuel Hambleton.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER, the Senate then
went into executive session, and soon after ad-
journed.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 20, 1843.
Mr. TROTTI of South Carolina presented the
petition of Gilbert Stalker, praying remuneration
for a steamboat lost in the service of the United
States on the coast of Florida.
Mr. MEDILL presented the petition of Andrew
F. Tyler, of Morgan county, Ohio, who lost his
health while in the army of the United States, pray-
ing a pension: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. BARNARD rose to make an inquiry in re-
lation to a statement which appeared in the jour-
nal of yesterday, read this morning. It was there
stated that the motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bankrupt law was passed waswithdrawu
by the mover; from which statement, the inference
was that the bill was passed. He would respect-
fully inquire of the Chair whether it had been es-
tablished, by precedent, that the mover of a motion
to reconsider had the right to withdraw it at his
pleasure.
The SPEAKER replied that such was the fact.
Mr. BARNARD said that, if there was no pre-
cedent on record, he would raise the question. The
power to withdraw a motion to that effect, gave to
one individual the means of preventing a recon-
sideration of any measure which might have been
passed. He again inquired whether the point
which he raised had been decided by the House on
an appeal taken from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER said that the House had so
decided, and at the last session.
ASSUMPTION.
Mr. SUMMERS presented a memorial from
Kanawha county, Va., in favor of an assumption
of State debts, as proposed by the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. W. C. Johnson.] He moved that
it be referred to the Select Committee on that
subject.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. PENDLETON, the memorial
of the people of Cincinnati, (which, he said, was
prepared with great care and research) on the
subject of removing the obstructions in the Mis-
sissippi and Ohio rivers, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUDSON made an adverse report.
EXPENDITURES IN THE NAVY DEPART-
MENT.
Mr. MERIWETHER offered the following
resolution, whiclf was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy inform this House
what amount has been expended under the act of Congress au-
thorizing the building of a war steamerby Stevens; whether
the building of said vessel is now going on; and what, if any,
amount of the appropriation therefoi has been transferred to
any other object; and whether the expenditures for "pay of
commission, warrant, and petty officers, and seamen" for 1842,
has exceeded the amount appropriated by the act of Congress
in 1842; if so, to what amount, and from what source haa the
deficiency been supplied; and whether the expenditures for in-
crease, repair, armament, and equipment of the navy, has ex-
ceeded the appropriation therefor, and from what source the
deficit has been supplied.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whether private bills
would be_debatable to-day.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. FILLMORE said he must then call for the
orders of the morning hour, in order to enable the
Blouse to go into Committee of the Whole as soon
as possible.
Mr. G. DAVIS made further inquiries in rela-
tion to what was the order of business. He was
un'Terstrod to ask on what days private bills were
debatable.
The SPEAKER said on every Friday and Sat-
urday except the first and last of the session, pri-
vate bills were debatable.
THE FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. BRIGGS called up the bill now on its third
reading, to authorize the chief clerk in the State
Department to frank public documents.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS asked for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill, and they were or- •
dered.
Mr. McKENNON said he should be in favor of
the bill, if it extended, the franking privilege to the
chief clerks of other departments as well as the
Department of State. As it was, he must oppose
the bill.
Mr. BRIGGS explained the object of the bill.
At present, the franking privilege was possessed by
the heads of bureaus in the departments generally.
The public documents of those departments were
now franked by the heads of their bureaus. [Mr.
C. J. Inobksoll. But never by the tail of a
bureau.] Now, there was no bureau in the State
Depaitment; and hence the Secretary of State was
obliged to frank all the documents of his depart-
ment. The object of the bill was merely to give
his chief clerk the right of franking public docu-
ments—a right exprevsly limited and restricted by
this bill.
Mr. TALIAFERRO rose to a question of order.
He contended that the consideration of this bill
was not now in order, but must come in its proper
place on the calendar, which was sixth on the ltst
of subjects.
The SPEAKER decided that the bill was in or-
der now, having been engrossed, and laid on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. ADAMS advocated the passage of the bill
There was a reason for granting this privilege of
franking to the chief clerk of the State Department,
which did not apply to the other departments. The
Secretary of State was charged with the duty of
distributing all the printed laws of the United States.
This duty occupied much ot his time, as he could
attest when in the State Department himself, and
when its business was much less than at present.
The bill was merely to relieve the Secretary of much
drudgery which he now bad to undergo.
Mr. C.J. INGERSOLL opposed the bill. He
thought the duties of other Secretaries were much
more onerous than those of the Secretary of State.
Had not the Secretary of State more time to per-
form his ordinary functions than either the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, War, or Navy? He in-
stanced the labors of the Secretary of the Treasury,
which were incessant; "still beginning—never end-
ing," and who had no assistance in this lespect of
franking. He was well aware that this was the
most abused of all privileges, and h® was ready to
reduce rather than extend it.
Mr. TILLINGHAST contended that this bill
contemplated no extension of the franking privi-
lege. It was not an extension, but a substitution,
to relieve the Secretary of his immense labors in
franking.
The previous question was then moved and sec-
onded.
The main question was then on the passage of
tha bill; which, being taken, resulted in yeas 120,
nays 69, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Sherlock J. Andrews, Arrington,
Babooek, Baker, Barnard, Bidtack, Birdseye, Black, Borden,
Botts, Brewster, Brings, Branson, Aaron V, Brown, Milton
Brown, Burnell, Green W. Caldwell, Calhoun, John Camp-
bell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Ctiilds, Chittenden, Staley N.
Clarke, Clinton, Coles, Cransfon, Cravens, Cushing, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, John Edwards,
John C. Edwards, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore,
Charles A. Floyd, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G. Goode, Graham,
Granger, Green, Henry, Hopkins, ifouck, Houston, Howard,
Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvin, William W.
Irwin, Jack, James, Cave Johnson, Isaac D, Jones, John Ps
Kennedy, King, Littlefield, Lowell, McKennan, Alfred Mar-
shall, Thomas F. Marshall, Samson Mason, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Newhard,
Osborne, Parmenter, Partridge, Pendleton, Tlumer, Pope,
Powell, Proffit, Benj. Randall, Randolph, Rencher/Ridgway,
Rodney, Wm. Russell, James M. Russell, Salstonstall, San-
ford, Saunders, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith, Sprigg,
fcteenrod, Stokely, Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Stuart,
teummers, Sweney, Taliaferro, Richard W. Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, TUlinghasf, Toland, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Van Rensselaer, Ward, Warren, Watterson, Weller,
Westbrook, Edward D. White, Thomas W. Williams, Chris-
topher IT. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop. Wood,
Yorke. Augustus Young, and John Young—120.
NAYS—Messrs, Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold, Atherton,
Jeremiah Brown, Burke, William Butler, William O. But-
ler, Patrick C. Caldwell, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J, Campbell, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Daniel.
