CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
Dean, Doig, Eastman, Egbert, John G. Floyd, Fornance,
A. Lawrence Foster, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggm,
William O. Goode, Hays, Rubard, Charles J. Ingersoll, Keim,
Lane, Abraham McClell&n, McKay, McKeon, Mathiot, Ma-
thews, Meclill, Meriwether, Miller, Owsley, Payne, Ramsey,
ftayner, Heding, Reynolds, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sewell,
Shaw, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Stratton,
Trotti, Underwood, Van Buren, and Joseph L. White—59.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MALLORY asked leave to offer the follow-
iag resolution; which was read for information:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to report
to this House, as early as practicable, a plan for the reduction
t}f the expenses of the military academy at West Point; and to
limit the number of cadets so as to correspond with the wants
of the country, and the present strength of the army.
Mr. FILLMORE objected; and
Mr. MALLORY moved a suspension of the
rules for the purpose of offering the resolution; but
the motion was rejected.
The SPEAKER announced that reports of the
standing committees would be the next business in
order; and, being called for, the following reports
were made:
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of D. and J. Wilkin-
son; which was read twice, and referred.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Andrew Fisher;
■which was twice read, and referred.
Mr. COWEN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William W. Street,
and a bill for the relief of Gamaliel - E. Smiih;
■which were severally twice read, and referred.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. McKEON inquired of the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce when they might expect
a report on the warehousing system.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland replied that the
committee were now engaged in preparing their
report, and that it might be expected shortly.
COLORED SEAMEN.
Mr. WINTHROP, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the memorial
of Benjamin Rich and others, on the subject of the
imprisonment of colored seamen arriving in some
of the Soulhern ports?, made a report thereon; and
moved that it, together with ihe report of the mi-
nority of the committee, which he said would be
made by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Rather,] be printed.
Mr. RAYNER presented the report of the mi-
nority, on the same, subject, and moved that it be
printed.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland said that, as one
of the committee, he dissented partly from, and
agreed partly with, both reports. He would prob-
ably have an opportunity of presenting his views
on the subject when it came up; and perhaps he
might prepare an additional report. At present,
he would move the priming of an extra number
of copies.
The reports having been read,
Mr. BLACK moved to lay the motion to print
on the table.
Mr. WINTHROP called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; when
Mr. KENNEDY withdrew his motion to print
the extra number of copies, and
The question was taken on Mr. Black's mo-
tion to lay the motion to print on the tuble; and
the result was yeas 73, nays 114, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Barton, Black, Aaron V. Brown,
Burke, William Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Cald-
well, P- C. Caldwell, John Cairfpbell, Wm. B. Campbell, Ca-
ruthers, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Mark A.
Cooper, Cross, Daniel, I'awson, Dean, Deberrv, Doan, Doig,
Eastman, John C. Edwards, Charles A. Floyd, Fornar.ce, Ger-
ry Gilmer, Goggin, W, O. Goode, Gusune, Harris, Hays,
Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Ilubanl, Hunter. Jack, Cave
Johnson, Keim, Lewis, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mathews, Medill, Menweiher, Miller, Mitchell, Muoie, New-
hald Owsley. Payne, Pickens, Piumer, Powell, Reding,
Rencher, Rogers, Saunders, Wm. Smith, Snyder, Sprigg,
Summers, Sweney, Taliaferro, Trotti, Turney, and fJhnsto-
nher H. Williams—73.
1 naYS Messrs Adams, Allen, Lamlaff VV. Andrews, Sher-
lock J Andrews, Arnold, Babcock, Barnard, Bnllack, Biids-
eve Borden, Bolts, Bowno, Biewster. Brigga, Brom.nn, Jere-
miah Brown, Buinell, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden, Staiey N,
Clarke Clinton, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Pushing, Garrett
Davis, Richard D Davis, John Edwards, Everett, Ferris, Fill-
more, John 0. Floyd, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates, Gentry,
Giddings, P. G. Goode, Gordon, Granger, Green, Henry, How-
ard, Hudson, Hunt, C. J. Ingersoll, J. R. Ingersoll, James Ir-
vin, William W. Irwin, James, Isaac D. Jones, John P. Ken-
nedy, Lane, Linn, Littlefield, McKennan, Mallory, Alfred
Marshall, SamsonMason, lilattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Mor-
nan. Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Parmenter, Partridge, Pen-
dleton, Pope, Ramsey, B. Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Rey-
nolds Ridaway, Riggs, Rodney, Roosevelt, Wm. Russell,
Jair.es M. Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Sewell, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H.H.
Stuart John T. Stuart, John B.Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast,Toland, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Van Buren.Van Rensselaer, Wallace, War-
ren, Welter, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White, Thomas W.
Williams, Joseph L. William., Winthrop, Wood, Yorke,
Augustus Young} and John Young—114.
So the motion to lay on the table was not car-
"EA message was here received from the President
of the United States, by the hand of Robert Tyler,
esq., his secretary, transmitting various bills which
had been approved and signed by him.
* The question then recurred on the demand for
the previous question, which was seconded, and
the main question was ordered to be put; and the
motion to print the ordinary number of both re-
ports was then agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired if the morning hour
had not expired?
The SPEAKER replied that it had.
Mr. FILLMORE said then he would move that
ihe House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; but, before the
motion was put, he would send a resolution to the
Chair, for the action- of the House, with the ob-
servation that the House must bear in mind that
there was a special order for Monday.
The resolution was read; and it proposed to fix
half-past two o'clock to-day to terminate debate in
Committee of the Whole on the army appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. GIDDINGS moved to lay the resolution on
the table, and the noes appeared to have it. A di-
vision was called for, and only 46 voted in the af-
firmative. The noes were, therefore, not counted;
and the resolution not carried.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to amend the resolu-
tion by fixing two o'clock to-morrow, instead of
half-past two o'clock to-day, to terminate debate.
Mr. FILLMOR*E, (to prevent a waste of the time
of the House by a useless discussion,) moved the
previous question; which was seconded. The
main question was also ordered to be put, and the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee
was agreed to.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS then renewed the mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table; which was
agreed to—83 voting in the affirmative, and 58 in
the negative—the vote being taken by Messrs.
M. A. Cooper and Mathiot, tellers.
Mr. COWEN called for the orders of the day;
but he gave way to
Mr. HOPKINS, on whose motion a change was
given to the direction of a bill, the title of which
was notiieard.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that ihe committee resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GIDDINGS insisted that his colleague [Mr.
Cowen] had called for the orders of the day.
Mr. COWEN asked if, aftty the orders of the
day had been called for, it would not require a vote
of two-thirds to go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
Mr. CHILDS, with unanimous consent, reported
a bill from the Committee on Commerce for the
relief of Samuel Hoffman; which was read twice,
and committed.
Mr. GORDON also reported a Senate bill from
the Committee oa Invalid Pensions.
Mr. BRIGQS withdrew his motion to go into.
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. GIDDINGS called for the orders of the day
The SPEAKER accordingly announced the
question to be on the bill for the relief of the in.
habitants of West Florida; on which the gentle,
inan from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had the
floor.
Mr. COWEN said he was anxious that the pri-
vate business should be proceeded with; and, there-
fore, he raised the objection to this bill, that it was
rather of a public than a private nature.
The SPEAKER decided that the1 bill must be
considered as private. The Chair could not un
dertake to go beyond, its face, from which it ap
peared to be a till for the relief of private citizens
in Florida.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether it would be in
order to move a postponement of the bill und^r
consideration until to-morrow.
The SPEAKER saM it would.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to express a de-
sire that the bill for the relief of the heirs of Philip
Renault should now be disposed of. After a brief
argument against the bill under consideration, and
an expression of bis desire to occupy the floor on
to-morrow against the passage of the bill, and the
principles on which it was founded, he concluded
by moving its postponement until to-morrow.
Mr. LEVY said he had no objection to the course
proposed by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] provided the postponement would
not hazard the final action of the House on the
bill. He hoped it would be allowed to take prece-
dence of other business.
Mr. ADAMS then modified his motion so as to
make the bill the special order for to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the bill for the relief of the heirs of Philip Renault.
The pending question was a motion to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed
Mr. JOHN YOUNG (who held the floor) ad-
dressed the House at length in opposition to the
motion to reconsider, and in favor of the justice of
the claim of Renault.
Mr. WELLER called for the previous question, •
but the call was not sustained by the House.
Mr. C. JOHNSON then addiessed the House in
opposition to the bill.
Mr. ADAMS supported the claim, and was fol-
lowed in the debate by Mr. MOORE, Mr. STU-
ART of Illinois Mr. POPE, and Mr. CUSH1NG.
Mr. J. R INGERSOLL expressed a desire to
have the question postponed for a week longer.
Mr. CUSHING made a motion to that effect.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved the previous ques-
tion; which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 21, 1843.
Mr. NEWHARD presented the petition of Ja-
cob Wilt, of Lehigh county, Pennsylvania, a
soldier of the revolutionary war, praying for a
pension.
The SPEAKER called for reports from com-
mittees.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON, from the Committee
on the District of Columbia, reported a bill to in-
corporate the Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows of the District of Columbia;
which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL, with unanimous consent
presented resolutions adopted by the Legislature
of South Carolina on the subject of the tariff;
which were read at his request, and then referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported several Senate bills, without
amendment; among which was a bill entitled "An
act to extend fur a longer period the several acts
for the relief of insolvent debtors of the United
States:" this bili was read athird time, and passed.
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported a bill further to con-
tinue in force the act for the payment of horses
and other property lost in the military service of
the United States; which was read twice.
Mr. C. then moved that it be put on its third
reading; and the question was put on its engross-
ment.
Mr. GRANGER and Mr. HfiK objected, on
the ground that, if it did not make an appropria-
tion, it took money from the treasury, atad there-
fore must be commuted.
Mr. TURNEY said its commitment would be
tantamount to its rejection, and therefore he moved
the previous question.
The SPEAKER said the previous question
would bring the House to a direct vote on the en-
grossment.
Mr. EVERETT moved to lay that motion on
the table.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays; and
