184
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
they were ordered, and resulted—yeas 52, nays
114.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The question was then taken on the demand for
the previous question, and carried in the affirma-
tive.
The bill was ordered to its engrossment; and,
having been read a third time, was paa-ed.
Mr. GOGGIN presented certain papers in rela-
tion to the Greek Indians in Alabama; which were
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CUSHING; from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs; to whom was referred the message of
the President, in relation to the tonnage duty on
Spanish vessels, reported "a bill concerning ton-
nage 'duties on Spanish vessels:" rtad'twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. RODNEY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill for ihe relief of
Amy McGuire, widow of the late Major Thomas
McGuire: read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of Sampson
Brown: twice read, and referred to the Committee
*> of the Whole House.
Mr. SANFORD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Wm. Patterson:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. POPE, from the Committee on Territories,
reported a "bill fixing the boundary between Mis-
souri and Iowa;" which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee fer
the District of Columbia, reported sundry bills in
relation to the lunatic asylum and the custody of
lunatics: read twice, and referred.
COMMODORE AP CATESBY JONES.
Mr. BOTTS offered a resolution, calling upon
the Secretary fif the Navy for all correspondence
and information In that department, in relation to
the rumored recall of Commodore Thomas Ap
Catesby Jones from command of the Pacific
squadron; which was read.
Mr. WISE said he hoped his colleague would
not press bis resolution. No communication had
been received from Commodore Jones, owing to
the distance of his station from the seat of Gov-
ernment; and he therefore hoped lhat the House
would wait to hear from ihe Pacific. The depart-
ment has, as he felt assured, taken no action in the
matter.
Mr. BOTTS said he would willingly withdraw
his resolution, if his .colleague were right. He was
induced to offer it, in consequence of the state-
ment in the Globe of this morning, in relation to
the alleged recall of Commodore Jones.
Mr. WISE said there was no truth in the ru-
mor stated in the Globe—no foundation whatever
for it.
Mr. BOTTS was understood to say that he was
under the impression that Captain Parker was or-
dered to lake the place of Commodore Jones.
Mr. WISE remarked that he saw Capt. Parker
on yesterday, and that officer said that he had not
been ordered to the Pacific at all. He felt certain
that no such course as that supposed by his col-
league had been taken with regard to Commodore
Jones.
Here the subject dropped.
The House then resumed the consideration of
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,,
[Mr. WiNTHRorito print 5,000 extra copies of
th® majority atid minoriiy report from ihe Commit
tee on Commerce, "njelation to the imprisonment
of negro seamen in Southern ports. The question
was taken, and the motion adopted.
The motion to print 3,000 extra copies of the re-
port upon the commerce of the lakes, heretofore
submitted, was adopted.
GEN. JACKSON'S FINE.
This subject came up as the regular business of
the morning hour—the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Botts being entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOTTS rose and inquired how much of
the hour remained.
The SPEAKER said, twelve to fifteen minutes.
Mr. BOTTS said if the House had no objection,
he would defer his remarks until Monday.
No objection being made, the subject was passed
by.
Mr. GIDDINGS here called for the orders of
the day, but yielded bis call.
EXTRA ALLOWANCES.
Mr. C. JOHNSON asked Jhe House, by general
consent, to take up his bill to prohibit extra allow-
ances to public officers.
No objection having been made, the bill was
read as follows:
A BILL to prohibit extra allowances to any officer of the Gov-
ernment,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That it shall not be lawful for the President of the United
States, or either of the heads of departments, or any disbursing
officer of the "United States, to settle, allow, or pay to any officer
of the Government, or to any person in the pay or employment
of the Government, any additional compensation or allowance,
or extra pay, or per centum whatever, m addition to the regu*
lar pay of such officer, or other person, for or on account of any
services, of whatever nature or kind they may be; and that all
acts and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act
be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. C. JOHNSON submitted an amendment,
the object of which, he said, was to carry out
more effectually the provisions of the bill. It pro-
vided that it shall be the duty of the President to
remove any officer who should be found guilty of
violating its provisions.
Mr. ADAMS opposed the bill, and contended
that it would be likely to increase, rather than re-
duce, the public expenditures. Its effect was to
prohibit t fficers from performing extra services;
the consequence of which would be, the appoint-
ment of new and additional officers. He argued
that extra services were often required of the mili-
tary and naval officers, for which they should bs
paid.
Mr. CUSHING wished to know whether this
bill had the absolute right to be considered this
day.
The SPEAKER said that the bill was under
consideration by consent.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then withdrew his
amendment.
Mr. CUSHING said it seemed to him that this
was one of those bills which demanded the consid-
eration of some committee; and he would, there-
fore, move that it be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HCKENS understood that this bill, as
amended by the gentleman who introduced it, lim-
ited the power of the President in regard lo dis-
missal from office; which he deemed unconsti-
tutional. [Mr. P. was here informed „ that the
amendment was withdrawn.] Mr. P. had no
doubt but the power of making extra allowances
had been greatly abused; but he doubted whether
the House would not do more harm than good by
prohibiting it altogether. He had no objection to
a declaratory clause, which would point out the
abuses which ought to be corrected.
Mr. CUSHING then withdrew his motion, and
moved to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GILMER was afraid that, if the bill was
referred to any committee, it would not be passed
this session; and he thought it indispensable to the
preservation of a pure government, or the restora-
tion of a pure government, that some such measure
should be adopted. The gentleman frpm Massa-
chu'etts seemed to him not to have met the bill in
the true spirit. It was very irue, in the abslract,
that there were extra services which would entitle
the persons performing them to an equitable claim
on ibe Government for extra compensation; but if
the gentleman would refer to the facts shown in
the report of a committee of this House at the last
session, he would find that these extra compensa-
tions, which have grown up into such an alarming
abuse, were not paid for extra services, but for the
ordinary services which the Government had a
right to demand of the officers receiving them.
Now, he would grant, with the gentleman from
Massachusetts, that if the Chief Justice should be
required to take the command of the army, or
render any service which the people of the United
States had not a right to require from him, then he
would be entitled to claim extra compensation for
it. So also, if ihe commander-in chief of the
army of the United States was required to perform
any civil duty not within the line of his official
duties, then he would be entitled to claim an ex-
tra allowance for it. Bat the fact was, that
soldiers had been allowed extra compensa-
tion fer performing a soldier's duty, and civil-
ians had been allowed extra compensation
for performing their civil duties; and that was the
great evil they wished to correct. The practice
also of granting extra compensation comprehended
too much discretion in the executive departments,
and allowed them to fix the compensations of ihe
public officers, which ought only lo be done by
Congress. There were no officers in the public
service whose duties were not prescribed by law;
and he maintained that the Government had, a
right to demand all their time, wilhin the line,of
their duty, as an equivalent for the liberal salaries
allowed them. If they rendered any extra ser-
vices deserving of extra compensation, Congress
was the place to apply for it. Wby should the
bill be referred ei her to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, or to ihe Committee of the Whole?
The House had, by a full vote, discharged the Com-
mittee of the Whole from ihe further considera-
tion of it; and it was now before them, and open to
amendment. All the members of the committees
were members of the House; and they could dis-
cuss and amend the bill as well in the House as in
the committee-rooms. If they had amendments lo
offer, now was the time to do it. He hoped the
reference would not be made, as a delay of the
bill would probably defeat it for this session. It
was necessary for a pure and honest Government
thatsome such regulation should be adopted. There
had been the most flagrant and outrageous abases
in making extra allowances to officers for per-
forming merely the ordinary duties of their stations,
in violation of law; for he would observe, that such
a prohibition as was contained in this bill was
already on the statute-bock. The passage of this
bill, therefore, would show ihe departments that
the attention of the Representatives of the people
was turned to the subject, and that they were de-
termined to correct the abuses complained of.
Mr. HOLMES supposed that, with the exception
of two or three enlightened minds, there were not
ten persons in the House who had given any con-
sideration to this bill; and yet they were in this
hasty manner called on to do—what? Why, to cor-
rect abuses which, as the gentleman who introduced
the bill said, had existed since the foundation of
the Government. Now, he look this ground: that
there ought to be bo legislation for the purpose of
reforming long-standing abuses, without reflecting
deeply on the evils that might thereby be produced.
Without any correspondence with the heads of
departments, but by the consultation of two or
three members together, who were for curing all
the evils existing in the Government, they were
called, in this hurried manner, to legislate in the
dark, without knowing what the evils were that
were complained of, and without knowing whether
the cure would be effectual.
Mr. TILLINGHAST opposed the bill as con-
flicting with existing laws, and as tending to put
it out of the power of the Government to make
compensation for services that may be rendered,
and that may be indispensable for the carrying on
of the Government.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said lhat the passage
of the bill would present a very extraordinary in-
stance of inconsistency on the part ef Congress.
They had now before ihem a bill just passed by
the Senate, providing extra compensation for the
officers who were engaged in the exploring ex-
pedition; and while Ihey were considering this bill,
(which had pas-.sd one body, and would no doubt
pass the oiher,) they were asked to pass another,
prohibiting all extra compensations whatever, no
matter how meritorious and indispensable (he ser-
• vice ihat might be rendered. Mr. I. dwelt on the
important services rendered by ihe officers of the
exploiing expedition, and the privations they en-
