CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
185.
Countered, for the purpose of showing that, in these
cases, as well as similar ones, extra compensation
was both just and necessary.
After a few words on the mode in which this
subject had been brought up, he advocated its com-
mittal to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. GRANGER gave some reasons for voting
■with the ultras in the House on this bill. He had
opposed the reduction of the army and the navy,
which the gentlemen who supported this bill had
effected; but, during a long peace, a system had
grown up in this Government, of making extra al-
lowances; and a feeling had arisen through the
community, in consequence, of hostility to the
army and the navy, which were the glory and
pride of the nation. .Now, he advocated this bill
for the purpose of sustaining the army and the
navy from further reductions; and he ventured to
assert that if some such bill had been in existence
before, th? reductions which had taken place in het
army and navy would not have been made.
Mr. C. BROWN hoped the House would not be
prejudiced against this bill by the remarks of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. J. R. Inger-
soll] respecting the mode in which it came before
tbem. Tfie bill was there, and it was entitled to
as much consideration as if it had been reported
With all the formalities cf the House. Of the bill
itself, he said it was worthy of their attention.
This House, with the other branches of the Legis-
lature, fixed the pay for the officers of the army
and of the navy, and also of the clerks in the de-
partments; and they had given power to the heads
of departments to allow extra compensation; and
who did not know that favoritism existed, and that
the power which they had delegated to others had
been wrongfully used? What was the remedy for
this? A very plain one. Let no officer receive
more than his pay for services which he may ren-
der; but if he did more than was contemplated
when the pay was fixed, let him come to Congress
with his claim, like the officers of the exploring ex-
pedition, and there would always be found justice
enough to pay him for his extra services.
Mr. MOORE said this subject had baen suffi-
ciently discussed at the last session, and therefore
he moved the previous question.
Mr. ARNOLD appealed to the gentleman to
withdraw that motion, to give him an opportunity
to say a single word.
The motion was not withdrawn, and the previ-
ous question was seconded, which had the effect of
bringing the House to a direct vote on the engross-
ment of the bill. The bill was ordtred to be en-
grossed; and the question recurred on its third
reading,
Mr. MOORE moral the previous question, which
was seconded; and the main question was ordered
to be put.
The yeas and nays were demanded and ordered
on the passage of the bill, and resulted as follows—
yeas 151, nays 15.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, LandalT W: Andrews, Arnold, Ai-
rington, Atlierton, Beeson, Birdseye, Black, lioardman, Bor-
den, Botis, Boyd, Bnggs, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Mil'on
Brown, Charles Brown, .Jeremiah Blown, Burke, William
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun,
.John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell,
Caruihers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Childs, Staley N. Clarke,
Clifford. Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cravens, Garrett Davia,
Richara D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Eastman, John C.
Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
Gates, Giddings, Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goods, Gtaham,
Granger, Gwm, Hall, Hairie, Hastings, Henry, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Howard, Hubard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll,
James Irvin, Cave Johnson,Isaac D. Jones, Kcim.John P. Ken-
nedy, Lane, Lewis, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClel-
lan, Robert McClelian, McKay, McKennan, Mallory, Alfred
Marshall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, Mcdill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore,
•Morgan, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge,
Payne, Pendleton, Pickens, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall,, Alexandei Randall, Read, Reding, Reynolds, Rhett,
Jtidgway, Riggs, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall,launders, Sewell, Shields, Slade, Truman
Smith, William Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Alexander
H. II. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Sweney, John B. Thompson,
Jacob Thompson, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trotti, Turney, Under-
wood, Van Buren, Warren, Washington, Watterson, Weller,
Westbrook, Christopher II. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Winthrop, Yorke, and Augustus Young—151.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Barnard, Burnell. Cranston, Cush-
ing, Holmes, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James, Morrow, Pioflit, Ran-
dolph, Taliaferro, Tillinghast. Van Rensselaer, and Thomas W.
Williams—15.
RECONSIDERATION.
Mr, ARNOLD said he rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He believed such was the only question on
which he could get the floor. He moved a recon-
sideration of the vote by which the bill had been
passed. He had appealed to the gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Moore] to withdraw the motion
for the previous Question, in order to enable him
to offer an amendment to the bill; and that gentle-
man, though often in favor of retrenchment, and
though he knew what he (Mr. A ) intended to of-
fer, refused to accord him the privilege of making
an amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS suggested that the gentleman
should postpone his remarks until Monday, and let
the House act on the private bills before it.
Mr. ARNOLD expressed his willingness to speak
at some other time; but several gentlemen objected
to a postponement of the motion to reconsider, and
he was obliged to go on at this time.
Mr. MOORE explained the reasons why he had
refused to withdraw the motien for the previous
question. He could not have served the gentle-
man from Tennessee [Mr, Aungld] by so doing;
because the engrossment of the bill had been or-
dered, and it was n«t liable to amendment.
Mr. ARNOLD resumed, and addressed the
House for some time in favor of his bill for redu-
cing the pay of members of Congress and officers
of the Government 95 per cent., which bill was
proposed at the last session, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole, and never acted on.
He complained that he could not make a motion
to take it up, without being laughed a'; this, too,
when the people in the country called aloud for
the adoption of some such measure of retrench-
ment. He desired to have the passage of the bill
just passed reconsidered, for the purpose of attach-
ing his proposition to it as an amendment. He
argued that it would reduce the expenditures of the
Government four millions annually; and he com-
plained that the Whig parly, of which he had been
proud to be a member,, had not fulfilled their
pledges of retrenchment and reform so profusely
made in every porlion of the Union.
Mr. STANLY made a few remarks, the purport
of which was to correct a statement of the genils-
man from New York, [Mr. Gbanoer,] that the
credit of his having accomplished a reduction of
the aimy at the late session was due to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. C. Johnson.] He
held that all the credit of that measure (if any
could be claimed) belonged to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Adams.]
Mr. G. JOHNSON said he had always so ac-
knowledged.
The previous question was then moved and sec-
onded; and, on putting the main question to the
House, the motion to reconsider was rejected with-
out a division.
PRIVATE BUSINESS.
The House took up the bill for the relief of the
inhabitants of West Piorida; which was made the
special order for to-day, and on which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] had the
floor.
Mr. ADAMS addressed the yHouse at some
length in opposition to the bill, and concluded by
moving to lay it on ihe table; but, at the earnest re-
quest of Mr. LEW, withdrew the motion, to al-
low that genileman an opportunity of being heard
in explanation, and in favor of the bill.
Mr. C. H, WILLIAMS offered a resolution
(which was adopted; calling on the Secretary oi
War to report whether any change had been made
in the organization cf the military divisions of the
army of (he United States since March 1st, 1842;
and it so, the reasons for such change.
Mr. BRIGGS offered a resolution calling on
the Secretary of the Treasury for a report showing
the operation of the late tariff act on the revenue-
which was adopted.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 23, 1843.
The PRESIDENT fro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Navy Department
showing the names of the persons employed in that
department during the year 1842; which, on motion
by Mr. ARCHER, was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a communication from the same department,
in compliance with the 20th section of the act
of 1842, showing the manner in which the con-
tingent fund of that department has been. expended;
and showing the amount of all former appropria-
tions remaining in the treasury, and in the hands
of disbursing agents, to the 30th June, 1842: ordered
to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a commnnicatien
from the Navy Department, made in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of the 5th instant,
in relation to depredations made on the live-oak
'imber belonging to the United States, and point-
ing out measures proper to be adopted to prevent
future destruction of such timber; which, on motion
by Mr. HUNTINGTON, was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial
from New York, remonstrating against the repeal
of the bankrupt law. Mr. T. remarked that the
letter accompanying the memorial showed that the
latter was signed by most influential and
wealthy men of large capital, engaged in most ex-
tensive business operations; and whose pursuits
gave them full opportunity to acquire a practical
knowledge of the operations of that law: referred
to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from James
Smith, praying the establishment of a new de-
partment of government, to be called the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, to take charge of the agricul-
tural interest; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture.
Also, presented a memorial from citizens of
Missouri, resiaing in the Jackson land district,
in that State, praying the removal of the land of-
fice from Jackson to Fredericktown; which was re-
ferred to ihe Committee on ihe Public LMds.
Also, a petition from inhabitants in the south-
eastern part of Missouri, praying an appropriation
for the survey and improvement of Spring and
Grand rivers; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. EVA.NS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Bangor, in the State of Maine, praying the
adoption of measures for placing the navigating in-
terests of the United States on a more equal foot-
ing with those of foreign powers, than is secured by
exisiing treaties; and
Mr. BATES presented a similar memorial from
Geishom B. Nestor, and others, of Massachusetts;
which memorials were referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. ARCHER presented a memorial adopted
at a meeting of citizens of Ohio county, Virginia
asking Congress to make a large issue of pub-
lic stocks, based on a pledge of the public lands,
for the relief of the States; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented three memorials
from citizens of Ihe city and county of Philadelphia,
asking Congress to adopt the plan for a board of
exchequer; which were ordered to lie on the table
to be considered with the bill on that subject. '
Also, presented a peiition from James Gee a
soldier of the 'ate was, v* ho has received a pension
for wounds received in the service of his country
asking Congress for certain arrears of pension
from the time he was disabled to the time at which
he received a pension: referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Also, presented a memorial from Edward Dejc-
ter, of Providence, Rhode Island, praying indem-
nny for ihe capture of the schooner Betsy by the
French privateer Cisalpine, prior to 1800.
Mr. B. said this was one of the cases arising un-
der the treaty of 1800; and moved that it lie on the
table, as a bill had been reported making indemnity
lor such claims: agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK presented certain resolutions
adopted by ihe Board of Common Council of the
City of Washington, on Ihe subject of the cession lo
the State of Maryland ®f the stock held by the United
States in the Chesapeake and Ohio Canal: which
was referred lo the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals.
