m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BAYARD presentert'a memorial signed by
3,000 inhabitants of ihe cities of New York and
Brooklyn, in which they express the opinion that
the sectional floating dry-dock is superior to any
other, and praying that a dry-dock of that descrip-
tion be erected at Brooklyn referred to the Com-
taittee oh Nsval Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented a'memorial from a num-
ber of respectable citizens of the city and county of
Philadelphia, complaining of the deranged state of
the currency, and suggesting that the pl2n for a
board of exchequer would furnish some means of
relief: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr; WOODBURY presented additional docu.
aehts lh (elation to the claim of Robert Rodgers to
% iract of land; which, with the memorial on the
subject now on the files of the Senate, were referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CHOATE presented a memorial from Rob-
ert G. Shaw and others, of Boston, praying that
there may be such an alteration of our treaty stipu-
lations with foreign gove nment-\ as to secure a
more reciprocal tirade: referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Also, presented a memorial f>om Daniel Weed
and 26 others, of Massachusetts, praying that the
constitutional rights of colored seamen, citizens of
free States, may be restored to them: referred to
Ike Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CALHOUN" presented a memorial from citi-
zens of ihe city and county of Philadelphia, in
favor of the adoption of the plan for a board of
exchequer; which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WALKER remarked that the Judiciary
Committee, a few days ago, had instructed him to
make a report adverse to the paSssge ot the bill
from the House, for the idlef of" Gorbam A.
Worth. Since that leport was made, new evidence
and documents have been developed. They did
not change his mind as to the propriety of reject-
ing the bill; but it was due that she comtat'tee
should have an opportunity of reconsidering their
former decision, if there should be found anything
i« this new evidence to justify it. He, therefore,
moved that the bill be taken up, wilh a view to its
recommitment to the Judiciary Committee.
The question was put, and carried in the affirma-
tive; and the bill was referred accordingly.
Mr. CONRAD presented a memorial from H.
J. Ramsay and others, purchasers of public lands
in the State of Louisiana, askina for relief m cou-
sequenceof the patents tor the same bring withheld:
relerred to the Committee on Public Lands,
Mr. KERR presented a memorial from the city
of Baltimore, signed by a number of krge com-
mission merchants, protesting in a solemn manner
against the repeal of the bankrupt law: referred to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. YOUNG presented a memorial from in.
habitants of township Wo. 41 north, of ran-e 7
east of the 3d principal meridian, in Kane count*'
Illinois, praying for the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections of land reserved lor school pur-
poses,andthe selection of other lands in lieu thereof-
which was ordered to lie on the table—a general'
bill for ihe object prayed for having alreadv
passed the Senate.
Mr. BAYARD, from ihe Committee on Navhl
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
favorably to its passage, the j *int resolution'from
the House, to establish agencies for water-rotted
hemp is tae Slates of Kentucky and Missouri.
Mr. CONRAD, from the Committee on Public
Lands,reported back, with an amendment, Hou-;e
bill entitled "An act for the relief o: J-mes B.
Sullivan, of the parish of Rapides, in the Siate oi
Louisiana."
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Commutes o,i
Commerce, made a report (which was ordered ti
be printed) in favor of the indefinite postpontment
of the bill from the House, entitled ''An act for
the relief of Benjamin Evan®."
_ Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made a report (tvnich was ordered to be
printed) adverse to the passage of ihe bill -from
the House, entitled "An act for ihe relief of Samuel
Neely."
Al o, reported back, from the same committee,
with suridiy amendments, the bill tor the relief of
Samuel M. Asbary,
The PRESIDENT pro lem. laid before the
Senate a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, reporting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 28th ultimo, statements of
the revenue from imports during the third and
fjurth quarters of the year 1842; the outstanding
expropriations at the close of the years 1840, 1841,
and 1842, respectively; and the quantity of land ad-
vertised for sale since the 4th March, 1840; which,
on motion ofMr. WOODBURY, was referred to the
Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
COMMITTEE OH TERRITORIES.
The resolution of Mr. Skvier, so to amend
the 33d rule of the Senate as to authorize the ap-
pointment cf a new standing committee to take
charge of Territorial business, came up for consid-
eration.
Mr. SEVIER mada some remarks m favor of
the lesolution, not distinctly heard.
Mr. KING said he had no disposition to throw
any obstacle in ihe way of ihe business of the Territo-
rie.; but i: f truck his mind that 'here could no great
advantage result from the passage of Ihe resolution
Tae Territories had their delegates in ihe other
House, who were pleased to attend to the interests
of the Territories, and to lake such measures as
were proper to advance theni, both before the
House and the standing committee having charge
of that class of business. He thought, so far as
speedy action in the Senate was desirable, that
greater facility would be given by the several stand-
ing-committees of that body to Territorial business,
than could in all human probability be given by a
regular and independent committee. Pie had no
great objection to the adoption ot the resolution, !
but thought it better for the Terrilories that it should
not bo.
Mr. SEVIER thought that there weie many
l'!c..l miners which might be better or more
promptly attended to, if there was a regular stand-
ing commiitce Ha saw no reason why Ihe Terri-
tories were not equally entitled as the District of Co-
lumbia to an exclusive committee. He hoped
the resolution would be adopted.
The qui s'ion was then put on the adoption i.f
the resolution, and it was decided in the negative.
Mr. KilnG presented a memorial from a num-
ber of ship-owners of Neivburyport, Massachusetts,
representing that the mercantile navigation of the
United Sra'es has suffeied materially from the
effect.? of Ihe existing treaties, and the arrange-
ments between the United States and Great Brit-
ain, the Hanse tie Republic*, France, Holland
Denmark, Russia, and Sweden, respectively; and
that those treaties and arrangements termed recip-
rocal have not proved reciprocal to 'he naviga-
tion of the United States. Mr. K. said the memo-
rialist to asked that Congress would, so far as the
treaties permitted, make such regulations as would
relieve them from the consequences resulting fiom
these lelations, Mr. K. had no doubt that the"
shipping interests of the United States had t een
impa>re>! by a desire to extend reciprocal commer-
cial if latior.s. The memorial was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN expressed a wish that the Senate
would take up the Oregon bill, as the member fiom
Kentucky, who was entitled to the flosr on it, was
2eady to proceed in his remarks.
Mr. EVANS hoped the Senate would dispose
of it.e unfinished business of Friday—being Ihe
b.ll for the benefit of the Petersburg Railroad Com-
pany.
Some debate of a conventional character here
arose on the prioritv of i>u iaey \ Messrs. EVANS
and ORAHAM contending that the Peter-burg
iailroau bill should have precedence; snd Messrs.
LINN and SKVIER, that the Oregon bill should.
Mr, CALHOUN expressed a hope that the bdl
f< r the benefit of the railroad company would be
taken up and disposed of; for, it it was intended to
be of any benefit at ail, it should be passed forth-
with.
Mr. BATES moved to take up the railroad
bill; and the question being put on that motion, it
was determined in the affirmative—ayes 18, noes 17.
PETERSBURG RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. ARCHER said he would have had great
occasion to regret having yielded to the wishes of
the Senator from Arkansas for an adjournment,
when this subject was last before the Senate, if it
had failed to come op for discussion to-day; for it
was a subject of very great importance, not only
to the parties who were to be immediately benefited
by it, bat to the community at large. He would,
nevertheless, have been contented to intrust those
interests, great as Oiey were, to the care of other
gentlemen in that body, were it not for the relation
in which he stood to the parties, and for the obser-
vations made on a former day by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bdchanah.] The Senator
from Pennsjlvania had, in his apprehension, given
a sufficient evidence of the untenableness of the
grounds upon which the passage of this bill was
attempted to be resisted, when he (evincing, as he
did, the utmost solicitude about the fate of the bill)
opened the debate by making that sort of appeal to
the Senate which -the gentlemen of his party al-
ways reserve as the ultima ratio—as the reason
which should ride over all other considerations.
The gentlermn declared this to be one of those
eases (to which allusion was so often made) of
moneyed institutions successfully struggling to su-
persede all censideraiions of the public interest, or
of public faith. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia was a man of letters, and a man of taste; he
knew too well the Horatian rule' to fail in the ob-
servance of it.
He (Mr. Archer) desired to call the attention
of the Senate to what had been made the subject of
anticipated invective. This corporation was one
which was instituted for a great agricultural pur-
pose, affecting not one portion alone, but several
portions of this Union. The gentleman's own
State was largely interested, as well as that which
he (Mr. A.) had ihe honor to represent. Nor was
this rJl. This road was subservient to the com-
munication along the whole seaboard of the United
States, and vitally affected tfce interests of all the
maritime States oi th; Union-—inch "were the inter-
ests involved in this question, and not merely those
of the party claiming reiief by this bill. And wfsaS
wan the nature of the benefits to be conferred by
the bill upon the party who were applicants for its
passage? Did they ask a remission of duties to tre
granted thsaa, to which they were not now entitled?
Not at all. The iron was already in the country,
or would be within a few days; and all they asked
was, an extension of the time for laying it down.
Even the laying down of the iron might be com-
pleted in time; but, if they wete driven, by a denial
of their request—by a refusal to pas6this bill—to go
on within the limits of the period which remained to
them under the present law, what would be the
result to the parties and to ihe community? The par-
ties would be compelled, impoverished as they now
Wire, lo employ labor at any cost, in order to com-
plete their work within Ihe given time. Thia would
be attended with considerable inconvenience to
the company; but u was n^r the company alone
which was going to be affected. A portion of the
great Southern road, upwards of a hundied miles
in exten', would have to fce taken up; and the com-
munication along this great artery, which connects
the North with the South, suspended for the period
of a whole month The parties asked no remission
of duties; but they aMred a remission of expense,
and for an indulgence, which, if conferred, would
avert fiom the public the highest inconvenience.
Associated wealth ! corporations ! Why, the
company asking this indulgence was nearly bank-
rupt. I-Ie (Mr. A ) had atk^d one of the presi-
dents of the company at what price his stock was
st ilin,, and his answer was,''At no price." TbS
company was iareely indebted to the S'ate. And
such weie the moneyed corporations which, ac-
cording to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, were
sure to obtain from Congress whatever ihey might
ask. He denied the vtry giound on \shich the
Senator planted himself. The privilege now asked
had roihmg to do with the question of favoring ihe
iron-manufacturing interests. The iron manufac-
turers of Pennsylvania wculd not sell one pound
more of iron if this bill should be rejected, than
they would if it were passed. There was no
