190
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
moved to lay the question of reconsideration on the
iab'e
Mr. WISE inquired what the question in those
reports was, before be voted on this motion. He
wished simply to inquire if it was not a discussion
whether a sovereign State had the power to pre-
vent free negroes from returning to the Common-
wealth. Undur an act of the Legislature of Vir-
ginia, she prohibited free negroes returning; and
under that law, some colored seamen, who had en-
tered her ports, had been arrested; and be wished to
know if these reports, and the bill accompanying
one of them, were to prevent Virginia from say-
ing who should enter within her limits?
Mr, KING rose to make some remarks; but
; The SPEAKER said a motion had been made
to lay the reconsideration on the table; and that was
not a debatable question.
Mr. WISE asked if the mot:on to lay on the
table should prevail, if it would not, in effect, sanc-
tion the printing of the 5,000 extra copies?
Some conversation ensued.
The yeas and nays were then called for, and
ordered; and, being taken, resulted—>eas 85, nays
112, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, S. J. Andrews, Aycrigg
Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden,
Brewster, Bnggs, Bionson, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Cal-
houn,! Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N Clarke,
Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis, II. I). Davis, John
Edwards, Everett, Ferns, Fessenden, Fillmore, A Lawrence
Foster, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G. Guode, Granger, Haisted,
Henry, Hudson, Hunt, James Irvin, William W. Irwin,
James, Isaac I). Jones, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy,
Linn, McKennan, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid,
Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter, Pearce,
Pendleton, Rim^ey, Randall, Randolph, Read,
Ridgway, William Russell, James M. Russell, tfaUonstai!,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, skokely, Tomlinson, Triplet!,
Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Washington, Edwaul
D White, Joseph L White, Thomas W Williams, Joseph
li. Williams, Winthrop, Yoike, Augustus \oung, and John
Young—85,
NA.YS—Messrs. h. W. Andrt vys, Arnold, Arlington, Aihei
ton, Beeson, Bidhiok, Black, Bolts, Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Burke, William Butler, Wnimm ().
Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Camp-
bell, William B Campbell, Thomas J Camplmll, Cariuheis,
Cary, Casey, Chapm.in, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Mark A.
Cooper, Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Dawson, Dean, Dobcrry,
JEastman, JohnC. Edwards, Egbert, John O Floyd, Charles
A. Floyd, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William O Goode, Gordon,
Graham, Gwin, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, ilouck, Houston,
Huhard, Hunter, Ch.ulra J. Jngeisoll, Joseph R. Imjorsoll,
Jack, Keim, Lewis, Lutldjoid, Lowell, Ahiaham McClellan,
McKay, McKeon, Malioiy, March,md, Allred Marshall, Thos.
F, Marshall, John Thompson Mason, Mathews, Medill, Men-
wether, Miller, Mitc-hclI, Moore, Newhard, Olivn, Paitridge
Payne, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Rodin;?, Rencher, Reynolds,
Rtegs, Rodney, llogeis, Ranford, Saunders, Shepperd, Shields,
William Smith, Snyder, Sprigs:, Rieenruil, Alexander II. II.
Stuart, John T H/uart, Summers, Sweney, Tahafeiro, Jacob
Thompson, Tiotti, Tuiwy, Warren, Wauerson, Weller, Went-
brook, Christopher II. wdliaur, Wi^e, and Wood—11'^.
So the inoiion 10 la,' on the table was not car-
ried.
Mr. WISE then ro^e and moved the previous
question.
Mr. ItlNG appealed to him to withdraw the
motion.
Mr. WISE declined doing so. He thought gen-
tlemen had made up their mmdi on ihe subject.
Mr. STANLY inquired what would be the
effect of sustaining the previous, question.
Tho SPEAKER replied that it would bring; the
House to a direct vote on the motion to recon-
sider.
The call for the pr"vi"ii"; qm-.tmn was smtsined
—ayes 94, noes not counted.
Mr. SLADE called for the yeas and nays on
ordering the ma>n question to be cow put; and
tbey were oidered.
The main question was then oti'ered so be now
put—yeas 128, nays 68, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Arnold, Auingfon,
Atherton, Barton, Beeson, Mack, Buardman, Borden, Borte,
Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Milion B ow.i, Burke, Wil-
liam Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldnrl!, Patuck
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. OamphHl, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary,Casey,Chapman, John C. Clark,
Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Coopei, Cran^on, Cushmg,
Daniel, Deheny, Doig, Eastman, John C Edwards, Ferris,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Gentry, Gerry, Giimei,
Goggin, Gordon, Graham, Gwin, Haisted, Hays, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Huotor, Jack, Cave Johnson, I.-aac D Jones,
Keim, Lewis, Lion, J/Htlcfrild, Lowell, Abirdiam MLC'lelian,
3tIcKay, McKeon, Mai lory., Marchand, Allied Marshall, Samson
Mason, John Thomson Mason. Mathews, Medill, Mei iwether,
Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Moigan, Moirts, Morrow, Newhartl,
Owsley, Parmenter, Partudge, Payr.e Peaive, Pickens Plum-
er. Pope, Powell, Read, Kedmz, Renclier, Reynolds, Rideway,
Riggs, Roosevelt, William Russell, Sari ford, Saundeia, Shields,
Truman Smith, William Smnh, Snyder, Steenrod, Stokely,
Alexandei H. II. Stuart, Summer.-', Sweney, Taliaferro, Rich-
ard W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Trotti, Trumbull,
Turney, Underwood, Watterson, "Weller, Westbrook, Edward
1). White, Joseph L. White, Christopher H. Williams, and
Wise—128.
NAYS—Mesars. Adams, Sherlock J. Andrews, Babcock,
Baker, Barnard, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Brewster, Briggs,
Bronson, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burned, Calhoun,
Chittenden, Staley N. Clarke, Cowen, Cravens, Richard T).
Davis, Dawson, Dean, John Edwards, Egbert, Everett, Fes
senden, Fillmore, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G. Goode, Granger,
Henry, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoil, Joseph R. Inger-
soll, James Irvin, William W. Irwin, James, John P. Kennedy,
Andrew Kennedy, McKennan, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Osborne, Pendleton, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall,
Randolph, Rodney, James M._ Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd,
Slade, Stanly, Tillinghast, Tomlinson, Van Rensselaer, War-
ren, Washington, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Winthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John Young—68.
Mr. WINTHROP asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider: they were taken, and
resulted—yeas 113, nays 83, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. L. W. Andrews, Ai nold, Arlington, Atherton,
Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Botts, Bowne, Boyd, Aaron V.
Blown, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Wm. Butler,
William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell,
John Campbell, Thos. J Campbell, Carutheis, Cary, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cross,
Cushing, Daniel, Garrett Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry,
Eastman, John C. Edwards, Feiris, Charles A. Floyd, Gentry,
Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham,
Gwin, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubard,
Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoil, Jack, Cave Johnson, Isaac D.
Jones, Keim, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell. Abraham McClellan,
McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Thomas F.
Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Medill, Men-
wether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Owsley, Payne,
Pearce, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers, Saunders, Shepperd, ShiehV,
William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Stokely, A. H. II. Siuait,
J T. Stuart, Summers, Sumpter, Sweney, Taliaferro, Jacob
Thompson, Troui, Turney, Ward, Washington, Watterson,
Weller, Westbrook, Wise, and Wood—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sheilock J. Andrews, Bab-
cock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden,
Ri 122s, Bronson, Jeiemiah Brown, Burnet], Calhoun, Childs,
Cmueuden, John C. Claik, Staley IS. Claike, Cuvven, CianHon,
Cravens, Richard D. Davi^, Eghei t, Everett, Fe^^enden, Fill-
mote, John G. Floyd, Gates, Giddings, Patuck G. Goode,
Granger, Hall, HulsteJ, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoil, James Iivin, William W. Irwin, James,
John P. Kennedy, Kins, Linn, McKennan, Samson Mason,
Mathiot,Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Morrow, Par-
menter, Peiidleioti, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Randolph,
Head, Ridgwav, Roosevelt, William Russell, J. M. Russell,
Saltonstall, Sanfoid, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, llichard
W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull,
Underwood, Van Ren&selaer, Wallace, Edward D. While,
Joseph L White, Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop, Yoike,
Augustus Young, and John Young— 83.
So the vote, by which the printing of the reports-
was ordered, was reconsidered.
The question of printing the reports then coming
up for consideration,
Mr. FILLMORE observed that, as Ihe vote just
taken might be considered as a test of ihe sense of
the House, he would move to lay the motion to
print on the table.
Several members expressing the desire that the
subject might be passed over for the present with-
out any formal motion,
Mr. FILLMORE withdrew his motion to lay
the pending question on the tabic.
Mr. WISE rene.wed the motion, and called for
the yeas and nays, which were ordered; and, 011
the question being taken, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 104, nays 84, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Landaff VV. Andrews, Arnold, Arring-
ton, Atherton, Barton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Bowne, Boyd,
Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, William Butler,
William O. Butler, Green VV. Caldwell, Patrick C. Cald-
well, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J
Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clin-
ton, <'olcs, Colquitl, Maik A. Cooper, Cross, Cushing, Dan-
iel, Garrett Davis, De.m, Deberry, Doi<?, Eastman, John C\
Edwards, Egbeit, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Gosrgm, Wm. O.
Goode, (Joidon, Graham, Gwm, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard,
Iluntoi, Chailes J. Insersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, Lewis,
Lufletield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Merhll, Meriwether,
Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Oliver, Owsley, Partridge,
Payne, I'eaiee, Pickens, Plumer, Powell, Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Rogers,Saunders, Shepperd, Shields,
William Smith, Steenrod, Alexander H. II Stuart, Sum-
mer*, Sumter, Svvriey, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson, Trotti,
Turney, Wallace, Washington, Watteison, Weller, Westbrook,
Christopher II. Williams, "Wise, and Wood—104.
NaYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Babcock, Baker, Barnaul,
Birdseye, Blair, B.uirdman, Borden, Bolts, Briggs, Bronson,
Jeremiah Biown, Burnell, Calhoun, Child*, Chiuenden, Staley
N. Clarke, Cowen, Cranston, Richard 1). Davis, Dawson,
Iiveiett, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G Floyd, Cates,
Giddmgs, Patuck G, Goode, Granger, Hall, Haisted, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoil, James Irvin,
William W. Irwin, James, Is-aac D Jones, John P. Kennedy,
King, Li'iii, Robert McClellan, McKennan, Mathiot, Mar-
tooled Maxwell, Maynard, Morgan, Moms, Morrow, Oshop.o,
Parmenter, Pendleton, Pope, Ramsey, Randolph, Read, Ridg-
way, Rodney, William Ruscell, James M. Russell, Saitcn--ft.fi,
Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, John T. Stuart, Richard W.
Thompson. Tillinghast, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Un-
derwood, Van Rensselaer, Edward D. White, Joseph I„
White, Thomas W, Williams, Winthrop, Yorke. Augustus
Young, and John Youn?—84.
So the motion to print the reports was laid on
the table.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, a communica-
tion from the Navy Department, on ihe subject of
certain expenditures, was referred to ihe Committee
on the Expenditures of the Navy Department, with
instructions lo inquire into their legality and pro-
priety.
Mr. FILLMORE wished to know, now, what
was the order of ihe day.
The SPEAKER was understood to say the spe-
cial order.
Some conversation in relation thereto, and some
explanations were gone ico, amidst much confu-
sion. Ultimately, the House wa* brought to the
question on the motion to lay the reports on ihe
table.
Mr, FILLMORE called for the yeas ana nays,
and they were ordered; and, being taken, resulted
in yeas 74, nays 114, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Arrington, Baker, Barton,
Beeson, Bowne, Brewster, Briggs, Aaron V. Brown, Burnell,
Green W. Caldwell, Calhoun, John Campbell, Casey,
Childs, Coles, Cowen, Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Richard
D. Davis, John Edwards, JohnC. Edwards, Fornance, Gates,
Gerry, Gilmer, Patrick G. Goode, Gwin, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, Hubard, Hudsoo, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoil,
William W. lrwtn, Cav^ Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, Andrew
Kennedy, Lewis, Mallory, Marchand, Mathews, Morris, New-
hard, Oliver, Partridge, Plumer, Benjamin Randall, Read,
Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Roosevelt, Saltonstall, Sanford,
Saunders, Shields, William Smith, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney,
Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, Trumbull, Ward, Watterson,
Weller, Westbrook, Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop, and
Wise—74.
NAiS—Messrs. Landafi W Andrews, Arnold, Atherton,
Aycngf, Barnard, Bidlack, Birdseye, Blair, Botts, Boyd,
Bronson, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burke, William Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, William B.
Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Chitten«
den, John C. Clark, Clifford, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper,
Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Da/is, Dawson, Dean, Deberry,
Doig, Kastman, Egbert, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden, Fillmore,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Gentry, Gogem, William O.
Goode, Gordon, Graham, Granger, Haisted, Howard, Hunt,
Joseph R. Ingersoil, James Irvin, James, Keim, John P.
Kennedy, Lane, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell. Abraham McClel-
Uin, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKennan, McICeon, Thomas
F. Mars-hall, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
Maynard, Medill. Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
row, Osborre, Owsley, Payne, Pearce, Pendleton, Pickens,
Powell, Randolph, Ridgway, Rodney, Rogers, William Rus«
sell, James M. Russell, Shepperd, Slade, Truman Smith,
tftanly, John T. S'uart, Summers, Taliafmro, JohnB. Thomp-
son, Richard W. Thompson, Tomlinson, Triplett, Trotti,
Turney, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Warren,
Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White, Christopher
H. Willliams, Joseph L. Williams, Yorke, Augustus Young,
and John Young—114.
So the motion to lay on the table was negatived.
Mr. EVERETT iben wilfcdrew bis molion to
amend, which was made on a previous Jay.
Mr. BIDLACK then obtained the floor, and
commenced by referring lo the statement that Par-
ton Miller had made a mistake of one thousand
years in his calculaiions as to the day of the final
destruction of the world. He (Mr. B.) had found
himself in a similar predicament. Being anxious
to obtain the floor, for the purpose of .'peaking on
the bill to lepeal the bankrupt law, and having
calculated on acertain'day when he should speak,
he found that he was now not only mistaken as to
the time, but also as to the subject on which he
would have to deliver his speech. Inconsequence,
much of what he had desired to say was now lost.
He tad desired to speak from the notes he had
prepared on the evening that the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Underwood] spoke; but they were
now out of his possession; and even if he had
them, he doubted whether they would be applicable
to the question now before the Heese. [Many
voices, " What-is the question?!'] was asked
by gi-ntlemen sll around him v. hat wss the ques-
tion. As he understood it, the question before the
House was the resolution leported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, to whom was rtferred so
much of the President's message as related to the
collection, safekeeping, and disbursement of the
public money, declaring ihat the scheme of an ex-
chequer proposed by the Executive should not be
adopted; togeiher wi'h the counter-resolution of
the gentleman lrom New Hampshire, [Mr. Ather-
ton ] which he was m favor of adopting.
He believed that the people of this country de-
rired Congress to postpone their discussions about
the exfeuuve officers of the Government, and do
s-omething for the good of the country. Much had
bten said about the "univer?al Whig party"—how
it got into power, how it died, and what physicians
