CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
attended it. Tbis reminded him of the nursery
tile, part of which read: "Who killed Cock Robin?
Who saw him die?" [Laughter ] "I," says the
gentleman from Accomac, [Mr. Wise;] "I saw
him die." [General laughter.] No man knew
more of the seeds of disease—how they were sown,
and by whom—than the gentleman from Accomac.
That gentleman was correct in assigning the causes
of its downfall. So far from the Whigs being
right in charging their defeats upon the present
Chief Magistrate, he (Mr. B.) believed the gentle-
man was entirely correct in saying that the Whig
party would have fallen per se, even if John Tyler
had never had anything to do with it. [Laughter.]
The manner in which it was collected together in-
sured its destruction.
Here Mr. BARNARD ro:>e, and called the gen-
tleman [Mr. Bidlack] to order.
The SPEAKER desired the gentleman from
New York to state his point of order.
Mr. BARNARD made a statement not heard
above the general noise.
Mr. PICKENS. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Bidlack] is only slating ihe question.
He is, therefore, cieariy entitled to proceed.
Mr. BIDLACK. I am sure I am right. If the
gentleman calls me to order, I will show him how
it is that it is. [Langhter.]
Mr. BARNA'tD. My ppint of order is, that
the gentleman is not discussing, or approaching io
discuss, the question befure the Hotfee.
The SPEAKER said he would remark to the
House that the bill to repeal the bankrupt law had
certainly given rise to a debate of a very geuf-ral
and irrelevant character, and not strictly m order.
If the gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard]
should insist on his point if order—that ik, oh a
strict observance of the rules of the Hook—ihe
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bidlack] mint
take his seal.
Mr. BARNARD said he did insist upon it.
Mr. BIDLACK &aid lie would bow to the de-
cision of the Chair. He did nol much rrgiet that
he was prevented from proceeding m the .strain in
which he had commenced, especially as hi-s re-
marks were applicable to a party now so dead;
and the House will recollect the old adage—that
we should say as little about the dead as possible,
except what was good: "J)e morluis, nil nisi
bonum[Laughter j He would remark, never-
theless, by way of apology—[Many members: "No
need of any" apology."] R ally, the Hunse w.is
difficult to please. [Laughur.j He knew not
whether he could make a speech of an hour with-
out saying anything on ihe subji ci. If the House
had allowed him to say what he wished in the first
place, he should have been done m ten minutes.
He was then jioing on to show that, in relation to
the currency, the people would not he satisfied with
the adoption of a mere resolution [Several: "You
are out ot order now."] He was told he was out
of order, because he said something that related
to the subject! At home he was repuied a gtiod-
naturcd man; not so here. It seemed that a man
could ge't nothing in lhat House, except what he
had to fight for. Perhaps it would be found he
could do better at lhat than at speaking.
It appeared to him that a mnprity of this House
never would be able to settle their accounts with
the people, if they contented themselves with
merely adopting the resolution, and then leaving
the subject to slumber. Whether what had been
asserted in an article in the "Union," read this
morning by the gentleman fron; New York, [Mr.
Fillmore,]—that a Whig caucus had prevented the
Committee of Ways and Mean< from leportnu
the exchequer bill—was hue or not, he had no
means of kn'oivifg. Yet be fared a determina-
tion had been come to, to do nothing; and tbeie
leave the question. He believed that it was m
accordance with the wishes of a distinguished in-
dividual—a candidate for the Presidency—to i-av 
the question open until after the Prr-nidcntial elec-
tion, as was allfged to have been h>s wi-h in repaid
to th" tariff. [Many voiccs, "Who is hi?'"] Th..t
man must be dull of c mpreheisicn who did r.ot
know to whom he alluded.
He was willing to let gentlemen enjoy ail ihe
obtuseness of intellect that they claimed, and,
therefore, he wouM not mention the name of the in-
dividual. What he wished to say was, that, though
he was opposed to the resolution as reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means, he was not in fa-
vor of the exchequer plan as recommended by the
Executive. He was opposed to endorsing paper
money any further thaa was rendered necessary
by existing demands on the treasury, which might
be supplied by the issue of treasury notes. The
plans of the President, of the Secretary of the
Treasury, and of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Coshinq,] were all recommended by
plausible reasoning. That of the gentleman from
Massachusetts was, he thought, the most accepta-
ble. But either was, in his opinion, an entering
wedge to a paper-money system which he could
never approve. But he did not desire to discuss
the exchequer. What he had sought an opportu-
nity to do was to show that it was ihe duty of the
majority to adopt some plan, and thatthey could not
escape that responsibility by endeavoring to throw
it upon the President's veto of the bank bill; for Mr.
Clay himself had expressed his willingness to dis-
pense with the agency of the Bank of the United
State?, if any other expedient could be devised. It
was this which had induced him to demur to the
argument ot the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Underwood,] who had endeavored to throw alliin;
blame upon John Tyler's "constitutional fact."
He referred to what, took place when the gentle-
man from Kentucky was addressing the House,
and when lhat gentle man said:
"'I'll': very fact, that the: present Execiilive attended the Har.
lisbiirg convention, Unit, u was declaied in eveiy paper
throughout the United States that Mr Clay was his favorite [or
the Presidency, had convinced the people that, he would approve
and Mgn anything UiatMr Clay favored.
"Mi. BIDLACK. (Mr. U. yielding the llooi) inquired if Mr.
C|> y hirvHolffiad not, on various occasion**, and particularly m
lus "pooch at Il.inover, di-cUunied that ho was m favor'of a
national bank'* (Sovudl voices "No 5)] Ji he had not said
that ti was a qiirsimn which was to ho postponed and Kubmuted
to the decision oldie people?
"\lr. UNDERWOOD said he had never heatd any dis-
claimer imputed to Mi. Clay Ivlore, smec the canvass ot JW10
commenced; if there \v<w anything m any speech he (Mr. Clay)
!i<i'i over made, disclaiming the policy of a national hank, he
was was ignorant of it. He icquested the gentleman to pro
duce n "
He (Mr. B.)-ple<.ks d himself io produce if. Ho
had dime so heretofore in ins speech i'« the bat '.c
bill hi the extra session, in wmc.ii he produced evi-
dence thai Mr. Clay was willing thai o'her expedient j
should be nied before a national bank was again
re^rtt-il to. Subsequently, he hail end -avored to
get the floor to redeem his pledge; an'', he had
be.'n prevnti'il by the course taken, he now claimed
ihe risjht, on this occasion, to do what he had hten
Called upon to do.
All that he ptofe-sed to be was an humble mem-
ber of tin1 Democratic party. He was not sufli-
eiently connected with the President to enable hitn
to defend him; but his doctrine was-, "lei jusn'ee
be done, though the heavens fall." fie did think
that the m:ni|eman from Kentucky argued un-
fairly in contending that John Tyler wk* godly of
treachery in vetoing a bank, becaur-e he (Mr. Tr-
ier) w s cure in favor of Mr. day Preiderit.
Tne aiioime'it ot ihe gentleman was this: Mr.
Clay is in favor ol a bank; John Ty'er was jn
favor of Mr. Glpy; Ikrrrjor?. John Tyler was hound
to a bank bill! He took oconM -n to say that
this vvas not a ooriert concluvou, and tha* Mr.
Gia.y, in io-: . |ieeeh at Tayiorsville, had s,ud th~it
other c.<:p?dieirK nnaht be reroitnl to Mr. Clay
expressed him elf willing to leave the matter 1,1 ihe
arbitrament of enlightened public opinion. There-
fore, he contended lhat it would not have been in-
consistent 111 &(r. had he been elected Presi-
dent, to have reported !o ali other expedients be-
fore he took ft bank of the Untied States.
In order not to do injustice to Mr. Oiay, i,o
would ask (he attention of the House to the exact
language of that distinguished itidividoal, m hi.,
published remark®. H is:
"That the c.uneticy of the country, it^ sUbmty aiui innfonn
value, and, ;is mtim.ueiy and in<ii^o!ub!y eonnee.terl with it,
Uie iflsuiancc of ihe frutiifa! perfoimanes of the fiscal services
necesiaty to the (_3ovf rninent, should be maintain .e and secu.&d
by exereeon? at! the powers e-nuM'e to -;:e objeeK wth
which Consies? 13 cnnsttoninriaHy Iu^es-ed. These aie [tie
sreat ends to be aimed at—the means are ot subordinate im-
portance, Whether :hf-e end', ndhpensable to tile weit be
nig both of the people and the Government, are to be attained
by sound and safe Slate banks carefully selected and propedy
distributed, or by a new bank of the United States, with such lim-
itations, conditions, and restrictions as have been indicated by
experience, should be left to the arbitrament of enlightened
public opinion."
He would take occasion to say that Mr. Clay's
course, in his Hanover speech, was not in accord-
ance with his general boldness and openness of
character. In that speech he but pursued a por-
tion of the Whig policy in 1840, which was "all
things to ail men." Therefore, Mr. Clay told the
people of Virginia, with whom he thought a bank
to be unpopular, that he was willing to try
other expedients. It was the same policy which
induced the venerable Harrison to be represented
at the North as an Anti mason, and at the Sonth as
the peculiar fsiend of the slaveholders. It was
the same policy which the Whigs pursued when
they declared in favor of a tariff in the North, and
against it in the South. If the Democratic candi-
date was any the better for any particular quality,
or for holding any particular principles, the Whig
was sure to have it just as it was with the man
who wished to t>ell his horse, when one of the by-
standers inquired if he was not spavined? "Spav-
ined ! spavined '."said he; "I don't know exactly
what that is; but if the horse is any the better for
being spavined, he is spavined !"' [Laughter.]
Mr B. leferred to the courte taken by the lead-
ing V/hig paper of Viramia on this question in.
1841, immediately preceding the inauguration of
General Harrison, ami when ihe election of a Sen-
ator f om Virginia [Mr. Archer] was pending be-
fore the Legislature. An atticle in the Richmond
Whig of March 2, 1841, contains the following
words:
"I propose lo show, that, unless the Whig party are prepared
now to devote themselves to the accomplishment of objec^p not
only not avowed then, but disavowed—that unless they are
willing to incur the suspicion that the ends to be attained by
the e'evanon of General Harrison were not honestly and fully
stated to the people during the canvass—they are not only not
ir'QumU to elect a bank Senator, but that they are forbidden to
do so by every consul 'ration of justice, candor, and fair deal-
ing."
Th s wi iter, after going on to show that he, and
the other Whigs w.th whom he had kc ed, have
constantly denied ths hbue now contended for, in.-
qui :e-:
"Did we not refer to General JT.irn son's oft-repeated declara-
tion, that the Constitution contained no grant of power to create
a bank; and tha< he could not be induced to sign a chaiter until
there had been a tair trial, to determine whether the fiscal con-
cei us nf the Government could be managed without one; and,
moreover, unequivocal evidence of the popular approbation of
the measure'* How, then, can any one contend that nothing
but a national bank was looked to by the friends of the Presi-
dents a substitute for the sub-treasury, as the consequence of
th- ejection of Mr. Van Buren'f
"(ieueuil Harnson havm° been elected with the open avowal
of nins'inmonal opposition to a hank, except in one contin*
gency, and not appming the people th,u he considered that
contingency as having occurred—Me fair inference is, that
Ike ppopl° of ihe Yfniled Stmps arc oppoxt d to a bank
The .same vnr-r further ror?iarke<':
''Recollecting thecourse pursued in Virginia by his friends,
it Mvms to me th.it we aie debarred from the agitation of tha
bank question. Is any friend of General Harrison willing to
see a national bank established, at the hazard of charging him
with committing a fraud on the people] How could he escape
it, if the election of a bank Senator is claimed as an act of jus-
tice to him? Would it not h-i an acknowledgment of the
t haige pieferred by his enemies, that he concealed his opinions
on that subject' Is theie one man in Virginia, who took an
active part m the late contest, who appealed to the people to
discard Mr. Van JBuren, that a hank might be established? In-
dcetl, I might go further, and inquire if die adoption of any one
of the prominent measures which some indiscreet Whigs, in-
toxicated with soccers, are demanding a called session
"nact, wn? nreed as a roa^on lor the dbmu-'sal of Martin Van.
B'mm "
After refeiring to the tatter of General Harrison"
to  Sherrod Williams, anil to some other circum-
stances, the artsele went oa to say:
4 Under these curumsta"ices, t-o far from the Whrgs being
undei any obligation :o elect a bank Honaior does not thf Pres-
ident flee! stand pledged to the country to .'t-J.'1 trial of some
other system, before he can adopt the nauonM bank? General
Harrison, ot present, enjoys die repuuno'iof being an honest
man, in the fullest se.jse of the term; of being a frank, open. *
hearte.1 soldier, an well as a nrudont statesman; and I belipve
he deceives u. Tie hoy id beware, then, how lin receives coun-
which would make him depait Irom the strict letter of
t'ne imaetstdijdi;ig with the American peo;.h' on which he was
elected."
After reaciius; the fbove fxlractf, Mr. B. asked,
l.ow co'iM tho penti-^r.n from Kentucky, or the
VV..jg party, charge Mr. Tyler with iresehery, for
Joins ju-t wh-t Mr. Clay paid he would do.
Again: Mr. Clay, in hb Hanover spefch, after
expressing his individual preference for a national
bank, used the following language;
