CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADYANCE.
27th Cong 3d Suss.
SATURDAY, JANUARY 28, 1843.
Volume 12**-No. 13.
Continued from No. 12.
her construction. But, in truth, that treaty can
neither give nor withhold rights ef territory,
and the exercise of sovereignty; for it is ex-
pressly limited to a specific purpose—that of
securing, duriag its continuance, the fr«e and
open intercourse of the citizens of one of
the contracting parties, and subjects of the other,
for purposes of trade and Commerce, leaving
the rights of the respective parties untouched. As,
then, England gains no right over our portion of
the territory but that of freedom to trade, like that
'of our own citizens—for which she concedes an
equivalent right to our citizens over her portion of
territory, if she has any—what other country can
dispute onr exercise of jurisdiction? Not Prance,
for she sold to us all possible claim she could have
derived; not Spain, for her title is transferred to
us; and certainly not Russia, for we do not pro-
pose to encroach upon her southern boundary be-
yond the 64th degree of northern latitude. No
other country under heaven can have any preten-
sion to our territory; and we have seen that the ex-
isting treaty with England, so far from giving her
any, expressly stipulates that its obligations shall
not be construed in any manner to affect title. If
she was not conscious that she could set up no
claim of her own, she would not endeavor to make
the world believe that her object is, in contending
for the narrow slip of land really in dispute north
of the Columbia river, merely to keep open, for
the benefit of all nations, a free port at the mouth
of that river. And even this she did not think of
till we made a settlement there. This is not the
first time she has interfered to prevent enterprisesfor
the advancement of our commerce. Mr. W. here
mentioned several instances of like interference.
The question is, what are our rights'! We de-
rive them either by purchase, discovery, or by
treaty. If she has any, she must show as good a ti-
tle, or yield that ours issuperior; and thissetsat rest
her claims. She did not purchase the undoubted
title of Spain to all her rights on the Northwest
coast, as we did; she did not discover the Colum-
bia river, as we did; and with regard to treaties, it
has been shown, over and over again, that she
acquired no riaht to soil or territory under any one
to which she has been a party. There is nothing
of the kind in her treaty with Russia, in her treaty
with Spain, or in her treaty with ourtelves. Ia no
one of these trsaties has she gamed an iota of
claim to soil or territory. She is granted nothing
but a joint use of the right to fish, hunt, trade, or
navigate.
There is not a word in the treaty of 1818 about
joint occupation or settlement. We do not look to
that treaty lor our right to occupy or to settle our
Territory ef Oregon. We statid upon our incon-
testable title. Neither can she derive from it what
it does not directly or indirectly mention. It is
merely a treaty of trade and commerce, to be free
and open to the subjects and citizens of the two
powers. We might sign a treaty to-morrow, giv-
ing England an equal light with our own citizens
to free trade with the port of New York; but who
could be so absurd as to contend that we thereby
conveyed to her a joint occupancy and joint right
of settlement on the soil and territory of New
York to the defeasement of our own title?
By the treaty of 1818, renewed in 1827, the citi-
zens and subjects of both powers are undoubtedly
entitled to a tree and open exercise of intercourse
for purposes of trade and commerce. On our part,
we refrain fiom exacting duties on goods belong-
ing to British subjects found on our territory; and
England guaranties the same with respect to our
citizens on territory claimed by her. This is the
true, and only true, meaning and spirit of the
treaty.
Mr. W. here entered upon a critical examination
of the treaty of 1818, and its renewal in 18S7,
showing that no other construction could be put
upon the wording of both, than that which he had
given. In confirmation of this, he cited various
passages in the communications from the British
ministers in every convention or negotiation held
with them from the time of the treaty of 1818, to
the time that the renewal of the charter of the
Hudson Bay Company gave a new impetus to its
encroachments, and induced it to seek a pledge
from the British Government for the protection of
any interests which might grow up in its settle-
ment. At the time of negotiating the renewal of
the treaty of 1118, in 1828, the very propositions
for additional stipulations which the British min-
ister made, show that England never did construe
the treaty as reaching to anything but trade and
commerce; and the refusal of our negotiators to
admit those additional stipulations showed that we
peremptorily refused to grant the right of joint oc-
cupation and settlement.
Mr. W. here quoted in full the various proposi-
tions alluded to, and conclusively established his
position from concurrent testimony.
It was clear, thes, that, in carrying out the pro-
visions of this bill, we would in nowise interfere
or act in conflict with our obligations by treaty, so
long as we take care not to interrupt the right of
British subjects to the free and open pursuits of ob-
ject? of trade and commerce. The question, then,
was narrowed down into a very small compass.
There can be no doubt of our right to the terri-
tory: on that, all were agreed. The treaty cannot
res'rain us from the exercise of .that right, for it
has no bearing whatever upon it; and, therefore,
the remaining thing to be settled is the question of
expediency. That, too, he conceived, now ad-
mitted of no doubt.
That it is expedient to go as far at present as
this bill proposes to go, he was perfectly satisfied—
satisfied tha', in doing so, we would not only give
no just grounds of complaint to Great Bri ain, but
that it would be the means of preventing future
and more foimidable, because more accumulated,
causes of difficulty with that Government. But,
independent of this consideration, there was an-
other, which he thought imperative; and it was,
that cur citizens, who have cast their fortunes in
the territory, claim our protection, and it is our
duty to grant it. It is the duty of the United States
to protect our citizens in their lawful pursuits on
every portion of our territory, no matter how re-
mote or inconvenient from the nucleus of Govern-
ment. It is the duty of Congress to extend its ter-
ritorial laws for the benefit of those remotely-settled
eitizens.
** It is especially expedient that all this should be
done now, and quickly; seeing that tho longer
neglect of fulfilling this duty is laid hold of by a
rival power as a ground for enlarging and strength-
ening pretensions which never could have arisen,
had we made a timely effort to secure our rights
from cavil. Besides the duty which binds us to
protect our citizens in this territory, we owe it to
our commercial interest, in distant seas, to provide
for them a harbor of shelter, such as the Columbia
alone affords, on the Northwest coast. Our fleet
stationed in ihe Pacific, lor the protection of our
commerce, is entitled to the facilities which we
should create there for re-equipment, refitting, and
revictualiRg. We should have a fort there, which
would serve them as a naval station, with our citi-
zens around it ready at all times to make a mar-
ket with their productions for the wants of our
marine service in that distant quarter. England
could not be jealous of this, for she has done the
same thing. And, independent of all these con-
siderations, there is another class of bemgs to
whom we owe obligations which it is our duty to
fulfil. He alluded to the aborigines of the terri-
tory. It is our duty to extend to them protection,
and there is abundant evideace that they stand in
need of it. It is our duty to introduce among
them the arts of civilization, and the lights of the
gospel. In no other way can we so well, so effect-
ually, and so cheaply fulfil all these duties, as tjy
carrying o.ut the provisions of this bill.
Mr. PHELPS remarked that, as a member of
the committee which reported the bill, he concur-
red in the general views taken by the committee;
and in respect to the general conditions involved in
the bill, he believed, the committee were unani-
mously in favor of them. With the views of Sen-
ators he had nothing to say; but he felt it his duty,
as a member of the committee, to vindicate the
bill from the charge that its provisions came in con-
flict with .the convention made batwfen this Gov-
ernment and Great Britain for the joint occupation
of the Territory of Oregon. He would enly say
that, if such was the effect of the bill, it departed
very widely from the purposes of the committpe ia
agreeing to it. There was nothing further from
their purpose than to involve this country iu a diffi-
culty with the most powerful nation on the "globe,
by a violation of the rights of that nation under
the convention alluded to. He was confident that
the bill, as it stood under the new modification, did
not conflict with that convention, but was in con-
formity with the construction Great Britain herself
put upon its provisions.
As the bill carr.e from the committee, it provided
that one section of 640 acres of land should be giv-
en to each white male inhabitant who might settle
in that territory; but, under the new modification, it
provided that provision shall be made by law for
the granting of 640 acres to each settler. The
provision, as it stood, made the grant rf land; but
the modification says that provision shall be made
by law to grant it. The modification, be conceiv-
ed, made no difference; for the principle at the back
of it was the same. The great question, and only
question, was, whether the bill came in conflict
with the convention or agreement between the two
countries. He believed that it was perfectly har-
monious with the convention, if they put upon
that convention the cons'ruction which the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbory] showed
had been placed upon it by England herself—as that
of a commercial treaty only. If it did even extend
so far as to prohibit the settlement of the coun-
try at all, the bill did not conflict with the conven-
tion, because it proceeded on the principle of a pro-
spective settlement—of holding out inducements
merely to eur citizens to settle there. Great
Britain could have nothing to do with it, even un-
der the latter construction, until the act was car-
ried into effect—that is, by hereafter making the
grant which was guarantied in the bill. The bill
only holds out the inducement for our citizens to
go and make settlements, but not to take exclusive
and permanent possession of the country. The
bill could not be made a subject of complaint by
Great Britain, until the grant of land was actually
made, and the country taken possession of, or the
citizens occupying lands under title from the United
States came in conflict with British subjects. There
was a stronger ground still. The question raised
was, as to the purport of the convention of 1818—
how far did it permit citizens of this country to oc-
cupy that territory. The provisions of the conven-
tion were, simply, that any portion of the country
claimed by either of the parties to the convention
should, from the signing of that convention, be
free and open to the subjects and citizens of both
Governments; and that its provisions should not be
construed to prejudice any claim of this country, or
right to the territory. The joint occupation was
not, in terms, for purposes of trade, or for purposes
of settlement. The convention was general; and
whether it allowed of permanent settlements in the
country, or not, was a question of construction. It
England complains of the action of Congress, it
must be on the ground that we misunderstand the
construction of that convention. If we follow the
construction given to it by her, there can be no
question as to the propriety of the passage of this
bill. Mr. P. then cited from the law of Parlia-
ment resting on the convention, in favor of the
Hudson Bay Company, a provision to the effect
that nothing in that act should be construed to allow
any body corporate to make grants, or to exercise the
rights of trade with the Indians, to the exclusion of
