CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-A motion was made by Mr. RUSSELL to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose; which he, however,
subsequently withdrew.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. POWELL, fromthe Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported the following reso-
lution, which was adopted:
Reaolve'd, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to this House the progress and present condition of the
works carried on for the repairs of the Potomac bridge, and
which, by the act of September, 1841, were to be executed "un-
der the orders and general direction" of said Secretary. And,
also, what impedimenta have intervened to delay the final com-
pletion of the work; and why, witii adequate appropriations at
ctftfcmand, a sufficient force might iiot have been applied to
secure to the public, for the present winter, so important an ac-
commodation.
Mr. CA,VE JOHNSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief
of certain settlers in the southeast district of Lou-
isiana. The bill was read twice, and ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made a report, which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. CALHOUN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported the following resolution, which
■was adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
ascertain and report to the House of Representatives the amount
standing due and claimed on the books of the department to offi-
cers, seamen, marines, and others attached to the navy, from the
time of its establishment to the year 1840.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of Maria Fowler: read twice, and leferred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. FORNANCE, irom the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the children of Mary Rhiiieivalt: twice tead,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
On motion of Mr. MATHIOT, the fame com-
mittee was discharged from the consideration of
sundry memorials.
THE SANDWICH ISLANDS AND CHINA.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Commit<ec cn Foreign
Affairs, to whom was referred a message of the
President recommending an appropriation for car-
rying on commercial intercourse with the Sand-
wich islands and China, made a report, accompa-
nied by two bills—a bill to provide for future in-
tercourse between the United States and the Gov-
ernment of the Hawaian or Sandwich islands; and
a bill to provide me*ns for future intercourse be-
tween the United Stales and China,
The bills were twice read, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of ihe Union.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a desire to have them
taken up and acted on at an early day, m order
that they might to to the Senate.
The SPEAKER said he had no doubt the
House would indulge the gentleman by poiug into
Committee of the Whole at an early day, without
making any special order on the subject,
Mr. GENTRY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill from ths Senate for the re-
lief of Mary Tuckei; which was read a third lime,
and passed.
Mr. HALSTED, from the Committee of E'ee-
tions, reported bill No. 649—"A bill to suspend
the operation of tbe second section of the act enti-
tled 'An act for the apportionment of Representa-
tives among the several States according to the
Sixth Census' "—with an amendment: read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WILLIAM RUSSELL made another at-
tempt to get up bis resoluti. n changing the hour of
the meeting of the House to 11 o'clock; but with-
out success.
GEN. JACKSON'S FINE.
The House proceeded to the consideration of ihe
resolution directing the Committee on the Judiciary
to report a bill fox refunding the fine imposed on
Gen. Jackson, at New Orleans, in 1815, by Judge
Hall—being the r'gular business of the morning
hour.
Mr. BOTTS observed that he had had the floor
since Friday ia'-t, without an opportunity to ex-
press his sentiments on the subject; and no mem-
b?r had evinced the least debire to call it up. He
had waited so long, that the train of reflections in
which he had indulged hf.d beep almost lost.
He thought that every one must have been
Struck with the peculiarity of the time, manner,
and circumstances, in which this matter had been
brought before the House. It was seven-and-
twenty years ago that this fine was imposed on
General Jackson, by a judicial officer, for what he
termed a gross and outrageous contempt of the
courts of justice; and yet it was but lately that the
refunding of it was thought of. The proceeding,
too, did not come from the people, but came from
the Legislatures of several States, by instructions
to their Senators, and requests to their Representa-
tives, to vote immediately for the passage of a bill
restoring the fine, with costs and interest—though
the Government never pays interest to its creditors,
tfiough they may have had their Uwful dues lying
in the treasury for years. Let it be borne in mind,
too, that this was the first Whig Congress that had
sat for years; and, further, that a was the last Con-
gress that would sit prior to the convention that
was to nominate the candidate for the Presidency.
The conclusion, therefore, was inevitable, that the
whole proceeding wss to purchase the political sup-
port of General Jackson for one or the other of the
aspirants.
In ttte course of his political life, he had several
times felt himself called on to speak in terms de-
rogatory of General Jackson, and he had hoped
that he should not be compelled to speak of him
again; he had hoped that the General's friends
would not have committed the imprudence of drag-
ging this weak, if not superannuated, old man
again into tbe political arena. In his whole life,
he had found but one bright spot, and that was
the one his friends were now endeavoring to wipe
out—he meant his prqmpt submission to judicial
authority.
As his own State (Virginia) had undertaken to
interfere in this matter, and had given instructions
to her Senators, and requested her Representatives,
to vote for refunding thisfine, he felt himself called
upon to give the reasons why he could not comply
wiih ihe request of the Legislature. Having re-
ceived that request, he fe.lt it to be his duty to look
into all the facts connected wi;h the case; and hav-
ing done so, he came to the conclusion that he
could not with propriety vote for the measure.
Mr. B. then went into a review of the transac-
tions of General Jackson at New Orleans, from
the time he took command there, till after the tieaty
of peace was made known to him; taking a brief
view of the arrest of Louallier and Judge Hall,
and the proceedings consequent thereon; and in the
course of this part of his remarks, characterized
the conduct of General Jackson as the most des-
potic, cruel, and tyrannical that had ever been per-
petrated in any country. When Mr. B. spoke of
General Jackson's application to the Legislature to
suspend the habeas carpus act, and his declaration of
martial law—
Mr. C J. INGIJEtSOLL inquired of the gentle-
man if he had ever heard that the Legislature of
Louisiana had shut up the courts of justice?
Mr. BOTTS said that he had not; and though it
might be true that the Legislature did shut up the
courts ot the State, they had no power to shut
up the United States courts.
Alter commenting on the facts he had stated,
Mr. 8, denied that General Jackson had the power
to declare maitial law, and to substitute his own
absolute will for the laws of the country. He
denied that he (the General) had the right to con-
stitute himself the supreme judge, both in his own
C3mp, and over the civil tribunals of the land; and
to imprison judges, counsellors, clerks—and, in short,
every officer connected with the administration of
justice, declaring his own despotic will the supreme
law of the land. The gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. C. J. Ingebsoll,] a few days ago, not
only denied ihe light of Judge Hall to pass sen-
tence on General Jackson, but claimed for him the
right of a trial by jury; and, to his (Mr. B's ) as-
tonishment—for he had great respect for the gen-
tleman's legal attainments—challenged the lawyers
of the House to that issue. He (Mr. B.) never
read but one law book in his life, and that was
twenty years ago; and he would commend that au-
thority (Blackstone's Commentarite)"to the gentle-
man's notice, as he would find in H an ample refu-
tation of the opinions He had'-gives. ■
[Here Mr. B. made ■ a -long ■ quotation from
Blackstone's Commentaries on the! snbjedt of pub-
lic wrongs] • ■
After reading those long extracts from Black-
stone, he challenged the gentleman- from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. C. J. Inoersoll,] or any other lawyer
en that floor, or in this country, to point to an in-
stance in which contempt haci been punished by a
jury—in which a judge, sitting in his court, or even
when not in his court, when his process had been
obstructed, tried such contempt by a jury.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLLi, in the coarte of some
observations which passed between htm and Mr.
Botts, inquired bow tbe common law got into
Louisiana.
Mr. BOTTS replied, precisely as it got into the
District of Columbia, and everywhere elte in this
country. • When Louisiana was admi'ted into the
Union, the common law was necessarily intro-
duced.
He then continued to observe, that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. C. J. InqersollJ had
referred to the act of 1831 on the subject of con-
tempts, to show that there was no authority for the
course adopted on the part of Judge Hall. Now,
the act o( 1831 was designed to restrain the power
of the courts on these questions of contempt. He
read an extract from that enactment in confirma-
tion of that position, and ?aid that that act, although
it was intended to curtail, to limit, and to restrain
the courts in the exercise of their high prerogatives
in caves of contempt, nevertheless was authority in
such cases as this. And that was not only the law
of the land, but it was right that it should be the
law of the land; for to deprive judges of the power
to punish for contempt, was at once to break down
the power of the courts to administer juslice and
the laws of the land.
Now, having shown what were the facts of the
case—having shown, as he had done, conclusively,
that the Judge had the power to inflict this, the
mildest punishment in such a case, he would pro-
ceed to show to the House that there was no propri-
ety in the efforts now made to refund that money.
For the information of the House, he would state a
fact— which was, perhaps, not known to the members
of the House generally, and still less to the people
of this country, and certainly not known to the
State Legislatures, which had instructed their Sen-
ators, and requested their Representatives, to aid
in procuring ihe refunding of that fine. That fine
had been remitted. That fine had been paid to
General Jackson. Every dollar of that money
General Jackson had received; and tbe authority
on which he made that statement was an article
in the Democratic Review, written by a warm
personal and political friend of General Jackson,
who had collected all his information from the
public records, and from private history—he al-
luded to Mr. Amos Kendall. The article was a
long one on the subject of General Jackson's fine,
from which he would read an extract. He then
read a passage, the purport of which was under-
stood to be, that a subscription was made at New
Orleans to refund the fine levied on General Jack-
son; that it was presented to, and accepted by,
General Jackson; and by him was distributed
amongst the widows and orphans of that place.
The SPEAKER here announced that the morn-
ing hour had expired.
Mr. BARNARD, Mr. CTJSHING, and others
begged the House to allow the gentleman from
Virginia to go on, and occupy his whole hour, in-
stead of postponing the residue of his speech until
to-morrow: this was agreed to.
Mr. BOTTS resumed. Now, he called the
attention of the House particularly to the fact, that
ihe money was raised; that it was offered to Gren-
er.il Jackson; and, in the language of this writer,
|Mr. Kendall,] the money was accepted, and was
distributed among the widows and orphans of New
Orleans. Who could distribute the money, after
it had been accepted by General Jackson, bat
General Jackson himself? Was it his own money?
Could he distribu te the money of other people among
