1u
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the widows and orphans of New Orleans? And it
was an act of beneficence and of benevolence
for which- General Jackson got credit at the time.
But now they were asked (and the gentlemen who
made the request were aided by the protestations
of General Jackson, and by the entreaties of Gen-
eral Jackson) to refund—what? The money he paid
into the public treasury? No. To pay back the
money he distributed in charity to the widows and
orphans of New Orleans? Where was the au-
thority for the distribution of that money, unless i
was h's own? And if it was his own, and he de
lived all the credit due to the benevolence of the
act, where was the propriety of asking that House
to refund that money? The result of the whole
inquiry had led him to the conclusion that the at-
tempt made, and the manner in which it had been
made, lo procure the passage of a bill to refund
that fine, had grown out of what he had adverted
to in the first portion of his remarks—that it was
an attempt to purchase the political favor of Gen.
Jackson, notwithstanding Gen. Jackson had him-
self told them he would take the money on no other
terms than a recognition of his right to do all he
did; and unless they would declare, either expressly
or by implication, that he had the power to
declare martial law; that he had the power to
suspend the writ of habeas corpus; that he had the
power to imprison the judge; and that he was
guiltless of the lawless acts arrayed against him.
They were called upon to do all this, and thereby
10 disgrace Judge Hall; and to do it at a period just
before the nomination, by national conventions, of
candidates for the Presidency from amongst the
gentlemen who had been put prominently forward.
They had witnessed the enthusiasm of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Chshing,] who,
some short time since, was in such hot haste to
pass this bill; but, since the publication of General
Jackson's letter in the public prints, that gentle-
man had sat as placid and as quiet as a lamb,
i without even attempting to call it up during the
morning hour, or the expression of any anxiety on
the subject. And if that letter had been published
at an earlier period, he doubted whether the Legis-
latures of Virginia and South Carolina would ever
have instructed their Senators and requested their
Representatives to aid the passage of this bill to re-
fund that fine.
After a few remarks on this bidding for the favor
of General Jackson, and the expression of his con-
viction that there was one who was likely to be a
cardidate for the Presidency, who stood on too
lcl'iy a pinnacle ever to stoop so low, he asked why,
as it was not done when General Jackson was in
ihe pride and insolence of his power, it should be
done now?
Mr. RAYNER oblained the floor; but
Mr. FILLMORE 'called for the orders of the
day.
PETERSBURG RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. CARY craved permission to report a bill
from the Senate, for the relief of the Petersburg
Railroad Company.
The bill was taken up, and was read twice. A
motion was then made that it be put upon its
third reading; to which, however, objection was
made.
Mr. PICKENS hoped the motion would be
agreed to, and that no objection would be made to
its passage, for it would not affect the revenue.
Mr. FILLMORE said it was an important
measure, and should not be passed without some
consideration.
Mr. CARY said he would observe that, if the
bill was noj passed soon, it would be of no avail.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BOTTS asked permission to explain the
object of the bill, and he thought objection to it
would be removed. According to the tariff law of
1842, a duty was imposed on railroad iron. But
all such iron imported and laid down before the
3d of March, 1843, was exempt from duty; and
this bill was merely designed to extend the time
for laying down the rails, the iron being already
in the country. If, however, this bill were not
passed, and the company were compelled to lay
down its rails within the time now specified, they
would do it; but they would necessarily be driven
to arrest the travel and the transportation of the
mails on the great ling of Southern and Northern
transportation.
Mr. CUSHING begged leave to state a corre-
sponding fact. He foas directed to state, that if
the Eastern railroad had not also an extension ef
time for the like purpose, they would be compelled
to lay down their rails while the ground was still
frozen and covered with snow.
Mr. BOTTS said, if these companies were driven
to lay down their rails under such circumstances,
the lives and limbs of many persons would be en-
dangered, while travelling over the road.
Mr. PICKENS said this bill would not deprive
the treasury of a single dollar, as the iron was al-
ready in the country. But, if the bill were com-
mitted, he would move to amend it, by the substi-
tution of the more general bill, extending the same
privilege to companies in other States of the Union,
that their rails might all be permanently laid
down.
Mr. FILLMORE said this bill presented the re-
nous question whether they would or would not
repeal a portion of the tariff act of 1842.
He was the more opposed to the object of the
bill, because it was for the benefit of a particular
company. He hoped, if any action was to be had,
it would be by the passage of a general bill.
Mr. PICKENS suggested that the bill be taken
up, and amended accordingly.
Mr. FILLMORE said he was not prepared to
amend it. He then went on to say that this was
an innovation in favor of an incorporated company
at the South. If any companies required exemp-
tion, it was those at the North, which had not the
advantage of a track in winter free from snow.
Moreover, he thought that.the laws on the subject
of exempting railroad iron would require some re-
vision. This bill extended the exemption to all
iron laid down; whilst the act of 1832 was modified
so as to apply only to bars of iron. He hoped that
the bill would be postponed for a day.
Mr. PICKENS intimated his willingness to ac-
cept the modification proposed by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Fillmore] if that gentleman
weuld consent to have the bill now acted on.
Mr. CARY hoped there would be no delay.
Mr. RANDOLPH said he was in favor of refer-
ring the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means.
He was opposed to it m every shape. He was op-
posed to the piivilfges it was designed to grant,
whether made general or special. Already had
this Petersburg company laid down their rails.
Mr. CARY said, merely temporarily; not with a
design to be permanent.
Mr. RANDOLPH was entirely opposed to such
an early commencement of the work of repealing
the provisions of the tariff of last session. He
was opposed to any and every act which might
have that tendency. Already had this grant
remitted between three and four millions of du-
ties on railroad iron. Yet this country abounded
in iron ore ! It had the materials, the machinery,
the workmen; and, with all these advantages, not
a foot of railroad had been laid with American
iron. Congress had continually favored railroad
companies. Why, he asked, should they be fa-
vored above olher portions of society? Why take
millions from the treasury for their benefit?
Mr. PICKENS wished to know what the gen-
tleman meant by saying that this bill would de-
prive the treasury of its revenue. The iron was
already in the country.
Mr. RANDOLPH said he could easily answer
the question. The iron had come into the country
subject to duty, unless the company complied with
certain conditions. The company did not wish to
comply with those conditions, but wished other
conditions extended to them—without which, they
woald have to pay duty. He would mention the
fact that various capitalists had, upon the faith of
the tariff bill of the last session, invested their
money in the manufacture of railroad iron. Would
it not be doing a great injustice to remit the duties
on railroad iron, after the enactments of the late
session?
Mr, SALTONSTALL made a few remarks in
advocacy of the principles of the bill.
Mr. CARY desired to say that a great injury
would be perpetrated upon a large portion of his
constituents, if this bill should not be speedily
passed; and no good could come to any human be-
ing. If he thought that the treasury would suffer
by the passage of the bill, he would not urge it.
But it interfered with no vested rights. It would
not affect the iron interest. The iron was already
imported. If it would not be considered out of
order to refer to the proceedings of the Senate, he
would say that it had been there contended that
this bill presented a special case, and was svi gen-
eris, lis passage only involved a question of time.
If not passed immediately, its friends would not
give a farthing for it.
He believed that, before the passage of the tariff
bill of last session, there was no manufactory of
railroad iron in the United States. Since that bill
was passed, one manufactory had been establish-
ed. When he saw men in the other wing of the
Capitol, who advocated different views on the sub-
ject of the tariff, sustaining this bill, he could but
think that it was right, and ought to be passed.
After some remarks from Messrs. FILLMORE
and BOTTS, the floor was obtained by Mr.
BRIGGS. The subject was then laid over until to-
morrow.
RETRENCHMENT AT NEW YORK.
Mr. G. DAVIS asked leave to introduce a bill
"to reduce the number and compensation of the
officers and other persons employed at the port of
New York."
Mr. CUSHING inquired if the bill was to be
iniroduced as a matter of favor.
Mr. G. DAVIS said that he designed to move
its reference.
Mr. CUSHING made no objection.
The bill was then read. It recites the number of
officers employed in the custom-house at New
York, together with their aggregate salaries in
1628 and in 1840, and provides for a reduction
of th® same.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved that the bill be printed,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union.
Mr. CUSHING moved that it be referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WISE objected to the printing ofthe bill. He
should hereafter object to the introduction of every-
thing which he did not know something about.
Mr. HOLMES objected to the bill altogether.
Under the guise of a bill, it was in reality a se«
ries of charges preferred against the administra-
tions of the Federal Government for the last twelve
or fourteen years. With the alarming fact that
during the fourth quarter of 1842, instead of
eight millions of revenue, there was but eight and
a half millions of importations; it was proposed not
to increase the revenue, but merely to reduce the sal-
aries of the collecting officers!
He was unwilling to hold out to the people an
inducement to believe that their burdens were to
ba reduced by such a bill as the present. But the
time would come when their distresses would be
relieved—when, by an alteration of the tariff, new
blood would be infused into the body politic.
After some further remarks from Mr. H., not
distinctly heard,
Mr. CUSHING inquired whether it would be in
order t© call for the orders of the day.
Tne SPEAKER said it would not—the bill now
before the House having been introduced by gen-
eral consent.
Mr. WISE said he had objected to it.
The SPEAKER had not heard any objection
from the gentleman.
Mr. CUSHING then moved that the bill be laid
on the table.
Mr. G. DAVIS called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered.
Mr. BARNARD appealed to the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ccshing] to withdraw his mo-
tion to lay on the table.
Mr. CUSHING declined doing so, unless the au-
thor of the bill new before the House would move
to refer it to one of the standing committees, in-
stead of the Committee of the Whole.
