CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
the British, at .the same time, claimed that theirs
Was the true title. By whom were these conflict-
ing claims to be settled? By one of the interested
parties? Certainly not.
A few words on ihe subject of the convention of
1818, which had been indefinitely prolonged by
that of 1827. He concurred perfectly with those
Senators who had maintained that the provision of
th'fe act, which granted, or stipulated to grant, alio-
dial titles, or titles in fee simple, to all those citi-
zens of this country who might emigrate to that
territory, was a palpable violation of the conven-
tion. it was in vain to disguise the fact, whatever
might be determined in regard to this matter.
They were about to take possession of the territory,
to establish a line of American forts, and, by all
the means and appliances of war, to defend that
possession. They were about to invite the citizens
of this country to go there—not for the purpose of
carrying on the fur trade; not to do that which was
. consistent with a joint occupancy by the two part
ties to the convention; but to establish a permaneti-
settlement. The British Government and the Brit-
ish nation, however we might disguise the fact in
our arguments h;re, could not be so blind as not to
perceive the palpable object of this measure. He
begged to inquire of the worthy Senators who took
so deep an interest in the fate of this bill, what was
the existing emergency which calledjfupon the Uni-
ted States to take this step? The question, for the
last twenty-four years, had been allowed to slum-
ber, while we were in the midst of the greatest na-
tional prosperity, with a treasury so abundantly
supplied that the wit and ingenuity of man could
not find out a legitimate mode of disencumbering
it of its superabundant treasure. He called upon
Senators to stale what was the existing emergency,
which demanded, now, that a measure of this kind
should be adopted. Why was it that they were
invoked at this moment—and, he must be permit-
ted to say, this inauspicious moment—to enter into
a measure of this kind? Why had it not been
done twenty years ago, or at some subsequent pe-
jeiod prior to the present? He was decidedly averse
to embark in it now. What was the condition
of our affairs in relation to England? Had they
already forgotten that only the other day a mo-
mentous treaty had been concluded with England,
concerning one of the most embarrassing difficul-
ties that had arisen since the termination of the
late wat? He would ask, How, and at whose in-
stance, was that adjustment made? It was made
at The instance of that nation, concerning whose
* grasping ambition so much had . been said by
gentlemen on this floor. Was it her ambi-
tion, her love of eonqusst, and desire of the ac-
quisition of territory, that induced England to
send to us ihe olive branch of peace, m the
form of an extraordinary mission? Great Britain
voluntarily moved in this matter, and tendered to
us the olive branch of peace; and he thanked God
that our Government accepted it in the spirit in
which it was extended to us. He was not disposed
to find fault with the result of those negotiations,
even if they had conceded much more territory
than was conceded, had it been done with the con-
sent of the Slate immediately interested, and con-
sistently with the honor of the country. He would
rather that peace should be made on almost any
terms, than to go to war. The mat'er had been
adjusted; and he must be permitted to say, that
for the adjustment of this question, if for nothing
else, the people of the United States owed a debt of
lasting gratitude to the Administration by whom
this adjustment had been effected; and he would
go further, and say, that every patriot in England,
and every patriot in the United States, would shake
hands, and declare that the Government of each
was indebted to the negotiators. He thanked God
that the treaty had been brought to a successful
termination. Well, sir, (said Mr. McD.,-) while
congratulating ourselves on the termination of
these great difficulties, at such a moment as this,
what are we about to do? While a part of our
territorial boundary remained still to be adjusted-
while the question was still a subject of pending ne-
gotiation between the two countries—the Senate of
the United States, a branch of the Legislature,
intimately connected with the treaty-making power,
is about to adopt a military movement, in order to
take military possession of the territory. Now,
however we may view this act, whatever interpre-
tation we may place upon it—I will ask gentlemen
to assume to themselves for a moment the position
of the British ministry, and imagine what would
be the natural effect upon their minds of a meas-
ure of this kind. Sir, they sent us the olive branch
of peace to adjust the .most important difficulty.
Instead of reciprocating the amicable spirit mani-
fested by them, we are about to send forth the
flaming sword of defiance;—yes, at the very mo-
ment our minister is instructed to negotiate for a
settlement of the question, we snatch from their
hands the olive branch of peace, and place the
sword of defiance in its stead. This may be strong
language; but strong as it is, it is not stronger than
the natural interpretation which will be placed on
our conduct, if this bill be passed, by Great Britain.
I have asked, what is the emergency which de-
mands the passage of this bill? Is there any prob-
ability that we shall fail in the adjustment of the
question by negotiation? If gentlemen believe we
shall fail, and that we shall ultimately fee under the
necessity of resorting to force of arms to establish
our title and maintain our occupation, this is an
additional reason why we should adopt no measure
which, in the estimation of the civilized world, and
in oar own, could possibly place us in the wrong.
Let us fairly and honorably try to negotiate. Let
us try to adjust this boundary, as we have done the
other. And, as 1 think the title of the United
States is infinitely more clear than that upon which
the negotiation has just terminated, I think the prob-
ability of an amicable adjustment is so much the
greater. But gentlemen say we must proceed in
this way—we must take possession, because the
British are doing the same. , They are making
lodgments, establishing settlements, looking for-
ward to the exclusive possession at some suture
period. Now, I totally dissent from this opinion;
and if there is any one conclusion to which the
documents before the Senate must irresistibly bring
the minds of Senators, it is that Great Britain has
not the rtmolest idea—that she has not done a soli-
tary act, nor .uttered a solitary word, on the ques-
tion, evincing the remotest desire to mike perma-
nent exclusive settlements in that territory. All
that she desired, all that they have ever claimed,
is the light to prosecute the fur-trade, and to make
such temporary settlements as were necessary
to accomplish that object. Have they done
more, sir? !t is true the worthy Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Morehead] made a formida-
ble array of charges against England, in ref-
erence to acts which she has already done. In the
first place, that she has made a fort one hundred
miles from the mouth of the Columbia river; and
the gentleman, wiih that candor which forbids him
to suppress any part of the truth, read a fuliaccount
of that fort, concluding wii b a statement that it was
a mere stockade fort, in its very character intended
for no other purpose than to repei the attacks of
Ihe Indians; and so it is wiih ail the other forts
which they have established. This, then, amounts
to nothing; it furnishes no evidence of au intention
jf establishing permanent settlements, the idea of
which seems to have taken hold of the minds of
Senators. The Sesator from Kentucky related
another very important fact. He said, England
has violated the convemion, which stipulated the
joint occupancy in the prosecuiion of the fur trade;
because, whenever our boats ascended the Colum-
bia river to trada with the Indians, they were im-
mediately driven off by the English, wh© had the
audacity to come tbete and sell goods to the poor
Indians chaaper than the Americans did; and this
was a violation of the convention. Why, sir, this har-
monizes very badly with the remaik of the worthy
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Woodbury ]
who indicated, as one important object to be gained
by the passage of this bill, the civilization of
the Indians. But, if we.cannot afford to sell them
goods at a cheap rate, it surely does not show a
very Christian spirit. But all this is mere words.
I put it to the Senate whether any one, in the
course of this discussion, has put his finger on a
solitary aet which indicated an intention, on the
part of Great Britain, to establish for herself an
exclusive occupation. I assert that, as far as T
have examined, I have discovered no evidence of
any such intention. ■ "
Now, Mr. President, having pressed thesebrief
views, tending to show the inexpediency ^of adapt-
ing such a measure at this time, in reference to ne-
gotiations now pending between the two countries,
let me ask the Senate, What will be the natural
. interpretation that England will put upon ,our i?
If we had passed the measure without debate,- it
might not have been regarded in any degree offen-
sive; but you may jest assured, when this act coines
to be regarded by the British Ministry, particularly
if they have any desire to take possession of the'
territory, what will be the interpretation they will
put upon it? They will interpret the act by the
speeches delivered here. Will they not, sir? Con-
sult your own bosoms. What is the impression
produced upon yourselves, when an English pa-
per—not even a ministerial paper—throws out de-
nunciations against the United States?
What, then, will be their interpretation of thisAistj
military in its character, heralded forth to the
world with denunciations against England, on ac-
count of her grasping ambition—referring to her
acts in the Eastern hemisphere, in Asia and ia
China, as well as on this continent? Sir, however
calmly we may hear these things, the British will
nothear them with calmness. Now, sir, let metell
you bow many gentlemen are mistaken a* to the
feeling existing in England in regard to this sub-
ject. I was there for about six months during the
years 1838 and 1839; and if I were called upon on
my oath to declare what appeared to be the most
prevailing sentiment in England, I would say it
was an fibsolute horror of the idea of a war with
America. \ A11 ranks, high and low, every person
1 encountered, in the highway and else where, uni-
versally concurred in the sentiment that the an-
cient feuds that had separated the two countries
had passed away—that a new era had grown up
—that they were bound together by the strong ties of
consanguinity, both being of the Anglo-Saxon race,
differing from all the rest of the world; and I beard
the language used—language in which I concurred—
that if the two Governments, on a question of
mere boundary, which might be intrusted to ar-
bitrators, should involve themselves in war, they
would deserve the eternal execration of the world.
This was the universal sentiment.
Sir, I am not afraid of being charged with
dreading Ihe tremendous power of England.
Surely, the courage of the people of the United
Slates, illustrated in so many glorious battles, by
land and by sea, ii not reduced to so low an ebb,
that they may not venture to be just and moderate
for fear of encountering the hazard of being thought
to be cowardly. No, sir; no such interpretation
will be put upon our conduct. I confidently be-
lieve, therefoie, that if we wait with patience, and
fairly employ the means of peace wbicb are in our
hands, and leave the executive department of the
Government to discbarge its duty, I confidently
believe, from the progress already made in the ad-
justment of our difficulties, that this comparatively
unimportant one would be adjusted. So far, sir, as
regards our foreign relations.
But there sre some domestjc views of the subject
which gentlemen have overlooked. What do we
want with this territory? What ara we to do with
it? What is, to be the consequence of our taking pos-
session of ii? What is the act we are called on
now to do? Why, it is neither more nor less thaa
an act of colonization, for the first time proposed
since the foundation of this Government. If this
were a question of gradual, and continuous, and
progressive settlement—if the territory, to which
our citizens are invited, were really to become a
part of this Union, it would present a very different
question. But, sir, does any man seriously suppose
that any State which can be formed at the mouth of
Ihe Columbia river, or any of th6 inhabitable parts of
that territory, would ever become one of the States
of this Union? I have great faith—no one had
much greater—in the power of the representative
prineiple to extend the sphere of government; bat
I confess that, even in the most sanguine days of
my youth, I never conceived the possibility of em-
bracing within the same Government people living
