200
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
five thousand miles apart. But, sir, tbe worthy
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Woodbury]
seems to have discovered a principle much more
potent than ihe representative principle. He refers
you to steam, as far more potent. I should doubt
very much whether the elements, or powers, or or-
ganization of the principles of government, will
ever be changed by steam. Steam! How are we
to apply steam in this case? Has tbe Sena-
tor examined the character of the country?
What is the character of the country? Why, as
1 understand it, that about seven hundred miles
this side of the Rocky Mountains is uninhabita-
ble, where rain scarcely ever falls—a barren sandy,
soil. On the other side—we have it from a very
intelligent gentleman, sent to explore that country
by the State Department, that there are three suc-
cessive ridges of mountains extending towards the
Pacific, and running nearly parallel; which moun-
tains are totally impassable, except in certain parts,
where there were gaps or depressions, to be reached
only by going some hundred of miles out of the
direct course. Well, now, what are we to do in
such a case as this? How are you going to apply
steam? Have you made anything like an estimate
of the cost of a railroad running from here to
the mouth of the Columbia? Why, the wealth of
the Indies would be insufficient. You would
have to tunnel through mountains five hun-
dred or six hundred miles in extent. It is true
.they have constructed a tunnel beneath the
Thames; but at a vast expenditure ot capital.
With a bankrupt treasury, and a depressed and
ittffering people, to talk about constructing a rail-
road to the western shore of this continent, mani-
fests a wild spirit of adventure which I never ex-
pected to hear broached in the Senate of tbe United
Slates. And is the Senate of the United States to
be the last entrenchment where we are to find this
wild spirit of adventure which has involved this
country in ruin? I believe that ths farmers, the
honest cultivators of the soil, look now only to God
in his mercy, and their own labor, to relieve them
from the wretchedness in which the wild and
visionary schemes of adventure have involved
them.
Now, it is one of the most uncalculating measures
which was ever brought before the Senate. For
whose benefit are we boand to pass it? Who are
to go there, aloDg the line of military posts, and
take possession of the only part of the territory fit
to occupy—that part lying upon the seacoast, a
atrip less than one hundred miles m width; for, as
1 have already staled, the rest of the territory con-
sists of mountains almost inaccessible, and low
lands which are covered with stone and volcanic
remains, where rain never falls, except during the
spring; and even on the coast no rain falls from
April to October, and for the remainder of the year
there is nothing but rain. Why, sir, of what use
will this be for agricultural purposes? I would
not for lhat purpose give a pinch of *nuS for the
whole territory. I wish to God we did not own
it. I wish it was an impassable barrier to secure
us against the intr-usion of others. This is the
character of tbe country. Who are we to send
there? Do you think your honest farmers in Penn-
sylvania, New York, or even Ohio or Missouri,
will abandon their farms to go upon any such en-
terpri«e as this? God forbid! If any man who
is to go to that country, under the temptations of
this bill, was my child—if he was an honest and in-
dustrious man, I would say to him, for God sake,
do not go there. You will not better your condition.
You will exchange the comforts of home, and the
happiness of civilized life, for the pains and perils
of a precarious existence. But if I had a son
whose conduct was such as made him a fit subject
for Botany Bay, I would say, in the name ot
God, go. This is my estimate of the importance
of the settlement. Now, what are we to gain
by making the settlement? In what shape are our
expenditures there to be relumed? When are we
to get any revenue from the cit zens of ours who
x' go to that distant territory—3,300 miles from the
seat of Government, as I have it from tbe Senator
from Missouri? What return are they going to
make us for protecting them with military posts, at
an expense at the outset of $200,000, and swelling
hereafter God knows how mucti—probably equal-
ling the annual expenses of tbe Florida war.
What will they return us for this enormous ex-
pense, after we have tempted them, by this bill, to
leave their pursuits of honest industry, to go upon
this wild and gambling adventure, in which their
blood is to be staked?
Sir, does any man suppose that, in the next
twenty years, we shall derive a cent of revenue?
I put it to the Senate, Is there a man here who
supposes that the wealth or power of the United
States will be increased to the amount of one
solitary cent by all the colonists that may be pre-
vailed upon to go there? No, sir, not a cent.
Well, now, make a moderate estimate; what do
you think it will cost, on the. scale on which you
set out, during the next twenty years? Why, if
you get off with ten millions of dollars, it will be
about what any reasonable man would consider a
proper estimate. The country is inhabited by fierce
and warlike savages. It is a country abounding
with recesses to which they can retreat, and in
which they will be inaccessible; and if we ever
get to war with them, (and we know by experience
that the most certain way to get to war is to go
among them,) we shall find another Florida; and
every person knows how much the expenses of that
unfortunate war had exceeded the anticipations of
those who foreboded the worst. Sir, the interests
of the people of the United States, throwing out of
view the ardent and unpatriotic desire of adven-
turers, and consulting the solid interests of the
agricultural and manufacturing interests of the
country,) I venture to say that, for the next twenty
years, there is not a congressional district in this
Union, costing the Government nothing, bui, on
the contrary, contributing to its support, which
will not be more valuable to the United Slates
than the whole of this territory. It never can be
of atfy value for agricultural purposes.
All the accounts I have read concur, without
any dissenting voice, in stating lhat the fur-trade is
in rapid course of deterioration. The animals
which yield furs sre disappearing; and the time is
not remote when even the British fur company
will abandon the country, if you leave them alone.
So you have a prospect, by the mere lapse of time
—by tbe mere progress of events—by the extermi-
nation of animals—of having the territory dropped
into our possession. But, if the British had no
claim to this territory, and there were nothing which
impelled us to go with our military establishments
and agricultural settlements, I would not consent—
if there was an embankment of even five feet to
be removed, I would not consent to Expend five
dollars to remove lhat embankment 10 enable our
population to so there. I do not wish to tempt the
people to form settlements there. I wish this to be
a great empire, grown up by the natural course of
' civilization, and the natural extension of popula-
tion. I thank God for his mercy in placing tbe
Rocky Mountains there. I believe, if it had not
been for those-mountai'ns, we would have been al-
ready in the Pacific. You cannot civilize men, if
they have an indefinite extent of territory ever
which to spread their numbers; for so long as they
spread their numbers, instead of becoming civilized,
they become semi-savage. All agree that civili-
zation can best be effected when the country is
hedged in by narrow boundaries.
Why, Mr. President, if there is any one lesson
inculcated by history, beyond the possibility of
doubt, it is that all nations of the world which have
within the last one or two centuries sent out dis-
tant colonies, have found tfiem to be far more
expensive than profitable. There is nothing
which can justify ?uch an enterprise, but the
existence of a superaounriant and starving popula-
tion- Iti our case there is no such necessity. Are
we pent up within narrow limits?—are we stifled for
air?—are we starving for want of means of subsist-
ence? Why, sir, we are very much distressed, to be
sure; but it is from plethora, not from consumption
We are now in a condition in which a Senator from
Kentucky, m discussing tbe tariff bill, told us we
were, and that is—in a most deplorable con-
dition. The barns were full—v/ere breaking
down with the weight ofe-grain; the country
was oveiburdened with a superabundance of all
the means of human subsistence. Tbis is the case
now. In the history of the United States, a period
was never known of such an abundance of every-
thing necessary to support human life—corn sell-
ing for ten to twelve and a half cents a bushel;
wheat at forty cents, and every other article of
consumption in proportion;—and with a country-
like this, and with a soil as productive as the val-
leys of Egypt, and so extensive that you cannot
people it for a century to come,—with such
a soil, and such means for rewarding the honest
agricultural laborer, shall we, at an enormous ex-
pense, derived r"'"m taxes upon the labor of the
industrious, induct 'he whims and caprices of the
adventurous portion of the population, who love
to roam over the mountains? It is not proper to
hold oat such inducements to our citizens to engage
in these adventurous pursuits. There are no ad-
vantages to be derived from them. The advan-
tages of the fur trade have been highly extolled;
but I have seen no results buttbe enormous wealth
of John Jacob Astor, and one or two others, to jus-
tify the commendation. Are the honest mechanic
and agriculturist, engaged in the honest pursuits
®f industry, to be taxed, that inducements may be
held out to the adventurous to engage in this trade,
which has enriched so few?
Have you read the account of Astor's adven-
tures in the fur trade? You will there find that the
most of his operaiors were foreigners and the half-
breed Indians. There were no citizens of the
United States employed by him; and by Ihis bill
you will induce none of your citiz*ns to embark
but those of an adventurous character—those who
have nothing to lose. I cannot think any man who
has a strong feeling of patriotism—who has a heart
bound to his country as it ought to be, and en-
dearing associations inseparably coenected with
home—would abandon his friends and family, and
all endeared to him, to emigrate to that country.
No, sir; captivating as it may be to one portion
of the Union, ihis is a spirit we ought not to en-
courage: we ought rather to induce the honett
and industrious classes to remain among us, and
contribute to the support of their Government.
But, in the ardor with which gentlemen have
been drawn into the discussion of this question,
they seem to have totally overlooked a very im-
portant matter—the ways and means, Do we so
abound in financial resources, as to be able, at this
particular moment, to appropriate $200,000 a
scheme of this kind? Have gentlemen considered
the question of ways and means? I have not heard ae
single individual, in Ihe course of the debate, make tbe
slightest reference to the peenniary means of this
country to justify such an appropriation. I must,
however, except the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. At the close of his remarks, he made a
slight allusion to our finances, rather with a view
of showing that, as bad as they were, we might
make the appropriation necessary to carry ths plan
into operation. That gentleman was himself Sec-
retary of the Treasury, at a period of great financial
embarrassment; and the tribulation to which he was
then exposed, no doubt, brought him to sympa-
thize with the present Secretary of that Depart-
ment, and to consider the importance of having
ways and means; and the still greater importance
of prosecuting ihis measure, whether you have
the ways and means or not. Well, sir, two great
political parties are now contending for power.
They have both, in some degree, adopted the same
watchword—economy and retrenchment. That
was the sign under which the Whigs conquered in
1840; it is tbe sign under which the Republicans
hope to conquer now. Hitherto, on this sub-
ject, we have had nothing but woids. I have
not s°en the slightest effort to establish, in
the administration of this Government, any sys-
tem of economy. I have not witnessed any ap-
parent mi'givmg in the minds of Senators who are
favorable to the adoption of this measure, as to the
deficient condition of the finances. I confidently
believe that we will not have a sufficiency ot
means to carry on the Government, and to pay the
ordinary demands which are contracted on its be-
half. The expenditure which the Government
is required to make will not leave, at the end jot
