202
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was, that the Executive should perform those of-
fices and services itself. This was what was pro-
posed by the plan of the Executive. It proposed
to perform all the duties connected with the finan-
cial department of (he Government, by the agency
of officers appointed by the President, under the
Constitution; that the Government should keep,
transfer, and disburse its own revenues; that it
should perform the duties of commissioners of
loans and persion agents; that it should re-
ceive deposites, issue a currency for the country,
and supply commercial exchanges. All these
functions were proposed to be performed, by the
plan of the Secretary of t ie Treasury. What was
the proposed board of exchequer? He answered,
an executive department of the Government; or a
branch of an executive department, composed of
officers appointed by the President—just such a de-
partment, in fact, as the Post Office, the General
Land Office, the Bounty Land Office, the Pension
Office, the War or Navy Department.
It must be obvious that a portion of the duties
proposed to be performed by the exchequer were
competent to be performed by it; whilst there was
no competency whatever for the remainder. There
was a competency to keep and disburse the public
moneys, to make leans, and to give the paper of
the Government as evidence of debt, and perhaps
to issue such paper in a form to circulate as money
—although he would never invest the Executive
with any such authority, except in cases of great
exigency. But there was something more proposed
by this exchequer. It proposed te receive depos-
ites, to issue convertible paper to circulate as money,
and to deal tn commercial exchanges. So far as
the proposition to receive deposes and deal m ex-
changes was concerned, he must declare his con-
viction that there was no power ia the Government
for the performance of such functions. It was
true that the Government might deal with individ-
uals on Government account, but not with individ-
uals on individual account.
In the first place, then, taken as a whole, the
propossd exchequer was a subordinate executive
department of the Government—an executive
treasury, with sub-treasuries, or branches. In the
second place, it was an executive commercial
bank of deposite and exchange. For the first, there
was a competency; for the second, none whatever.
But he had serious objections to the establishment
of an executive treasury. lie would mention one
now, which condemned the whole scheme—and
that was, the simple fact that it proposed that the
surplus revenues of the country should be kept in
the hands of executive officers, instead of being de-
posited in banks. What was the histoiy of the
keeping of the public money since the foundation
of our Government? At the first session after 'he
adoption of the Constitution, m 1789, a law was
passed requiring the Treasurer of the United Stales
to be the keeper of the pubiie moneys. It did not
prescribe the place or mode of keeping them. That
was left to the Treasurer's own di cretion. Un-
derstanding that there was but one mode, the Treas-
urer adopted that. There werfi three or four Sta'e
banks: and these he adopted as his depositories;
and did net, for a rr oment, keep (he uioney in bis
own po^iession. At the tecond session of Congress,
the Bank of the United States was chartered; and it
afforded further opportunities to the Treasurer for
making depositts. The law did not require him to
make it a depository; yet he did so—not dispensing
with the fgency of the State banks. Thus the
matter went on till 1794, when a committee was
appointed to examine the Treas Brer's accounts—
who reported that all the functions of the Treas-
ury Department connected with the transfer, safe-
keeping, and disbursement ot the public moneys,
were sa'isfactorily performed by banks (Mr. B.
read an extract from their report.) That com-
mittee proposed no action, beiDg satisfied with the
mode of proceeding adopted by the Treasurer.
Things thus went on until 1811, when the charter
of the old bank expired, and when resort was again
had to the State banks. The Treasurer then had
about two hundred to select from. It was the
period of the war, when all the banks of the coun-
try south of New England suspended specie pay-
ments. Notwithstanding this fact, the Treasurer
continued to deposite in them, knowing that the
banks were just as sound after, as before they
suspended. In 1816, the second Bank of the
United Slates was incorporated, and then Congress
for the first time undertook to legislate in relation <
to the mode of keeping the public moneys, by ap-
pointing the Bank of the United States as the
depository. It was not so much for the safety of
the pjabhc funds, as for the benefit of the bank, in
consideration of the heavy bonuses exacted of it
and paid for the charter. The bank then became
the depository, and no further legislation was had
until 1836. In 1833, however, the Executive un-
dertook to interfere, and took the public money
out of the control of law, to put it in the hands of
officers of its own appointment. In 1836, Con-
gress, in consequence of the largely accumulated
amount of revenue in the hands of the Executive,
passed a law oh the subject. But, even then, the
mode of keeping the public money was not changed;
but the Secretary of the Treasury was merely re-
quiied to select certain banks in which the Treas-
urer was to deposite. In 1837, a suspension of
specie payments, more general than that which
occurrcd during the war, took place; and the op-
portunity was seized to introduce a new mode of
keeping the funds of the Government. Mr. Van
Buren called Congress together, and proposed his
sub-treasury, or (as his friends delighted to call it)
the independent treasury. This was not adapted
until the last year of his administration. It went
into operation on the 4ih of July, 1840, and re-
mained is operation just one year. In the mean
lime, Mr. Van Buren lost his office on that very
measure; for the political revolution of 1840 turned
on it more than on everything else that entered into
the contest. It was repealed, and, with it, the law
of 1836; thus leaving matters as they stood under
the act of 1839. There was bo surplus revenue to
tempt the banks to corruption; and it was thought
that the funds of the Government might be safely
left to the Secretary of the Treasury. The terms
on which the banks kept the money had been re-
ported by the Secretary of the Treasury; and from
that report, it would be fuund that it was deposited
in banks to the credit of the "Treasurer of the
United Siates,1' and could not be drawn, except
by warrants according to law. This was the sys-
tem in operation now; and the system which had
been in opeistion, with the exception of one year,
since the foundation of the Government. Whv,
then, should we be asked, after an experience of 52
years oat of 53, to change the mode of keeping
the public money, which had been found to work
so well? Was there aoyttiing m the system of Mr.
Van Buien, as demonstrated during one year's
operation, to induce the country to think it ought
to be adopted again? He thought that the public
money should be kept as prudent and discreet indi-
viduals would keep theirs. The practice of de-
positing in bank was almost univeisal—was like
the maxims of the common law—was founded in
wisdom, and had the approval of nearly every
man of ordinary understanding. How, he asked,
was it with States? Did any State in the Union
permit its funds to be kept in the personal custody
of its officers? How wai it with counties, private
assocations, and cour s intrusted with the care of
money? Did any of them emplo> personal agents?
And why was the United States Government alone
called on to adopt a new mode of proceeding? He
did not think that Government officers were more
to be trusted than agents of private associa ions.
Had net this Governmenthad its abundant share
of dishonest and unfaithful cfficers? There was
nothing in the nature of public set vice which guaran-
tied fidelity. It was not the best men who seek
office, nor the most faithful who obtain it. It was
the bold, desperate, and reckless, who were crowd-
ing all the avenues to public employment; and it
was this description of persons, in a great degree,
who were the most successful in obtaining it. He
doubted if the Pennsylvania Bank of ihe United
States was ever worse served in the article of faith-
ful and honest agents, than the Government of the
United States had been during the last twelvs years.
Yet they were called   under these circumstances,
and "with all the experience of the Government, to
change the mode in which the public money had
been kept since the commencement of the Gov-
ernment. On his soul, he believed that public office
in this country was the worst school of morals this
side of the penitentiary. Many an honest man
was matriculated in office, who graduated a rogue;
and, if the rogue got in, he was ten times a rogue.
He should not consent, for one, to change  hat
mode of keeping our surplus moneys, which was
the universal practice of the country. There was
something in the nature of money itself, and par-
ticularly of public money, which ought to forbid
its being intrusted to individuals.
After commenting on the objectionable features
of a Government bank, which were presented by
the bill of the select committee, Mr. B. went on
to say that, by that bill, there was to be a redemption
fund of twenty millions of dollars kept constantly
on hand in the exchequer. He did not hesitate to
say that, under this plan, if it should go into suc-
cessful operation, there would pass through the
hands of these Government officers, in one single
year, upwards of fifty millions of dollars.
There were other points in regard to this Exec-
utive treasury and sub-treasury scheme which he
should be glad te notice if he had time; but he must
hurry on.
He begged leave to say a few words in regard to
this treasury board and its agencies, considered as
a commercial bank. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Ccshino] took the ground, yesterday,
that it was not a commercial bank; that it was not
a bank at all, nor anything like a bank; that, if
there were banking powers conferred by this scheme,
the Treasury Department had banking powers al-
ready, because it received deposites, made trans-
fers of the public money, and dealt in exchanges,
by buying and selling drafts. Now, put all that
out of view that belonged to an executive treas-
ury, and did not belong to a bank; and still this
was a Government bank. By this exchequer, the
Government was to deal with individuals, not on
Government account. By it, the Government
agreed to receive from individuals fifteen millions
of dollars, for which it was to give bank money—■
viz: certificates of deposite;—and yet the gentleman
said that it was not a bank. He should be glad if the
gentleman would tell them what the Bank of Amster-
dam was. That bank received depesites in gold and
silver, and made its profits by issues of paper, in the
form of certificates of deposite. It never loaned
a dollar, nor did it deal in exchanges at all. The
Bank of Hamburg operated precisely in the same
way, and in no other. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Cdshing ] with all his learning
and knowledge on the subject, could get up and
gravely tell the House that this was not a bank.
Bat this bank was to deal in exchanges. In the
first place, it was to buy bills of exchange, and
there was no limit to the amount it might purchase.
It was restricted in its dealings from State to State,
and State to Territory; and it was restricted as to
"the time of the bills; bejond this, there was no
limitation. It may also buy this exchange in the
way of discount, because ihe bill expressly pro-
vides that it was not to take more than six
per cent, for exchange, nor to give more than 24
per cent, premium on the bills it might purchase.
It might deal upon this subject in the way of favor
to those who were its friends, and to frown down
and oppress those who were not. Then, it had
the power of selling exchange; and here, again,
it was unlimited. It might draw and redraw to
the amount of millions. It might also sell cheaper
to its friends, and refuse to sell to those who were
not. After this description he had given of this
commercial bank of exchange, he should like to
sse any eentleman get up and say that it was not a
bank. He knew that this Government might
create a bank, if it should be found necessary for
the management of its finances, and necessary for
the commerce and business of the country; "but he
denied that the Government could, by its own
officers, carry out all the objects and puiposes
of a bank. He did not believe that there was any
individual in that House who would rise in his
place and advocate such an institution; yet there
it was proposed by the Executive, and urged by
his friends on that floor, that the Government
should, by its own officers, set up a great Govern-
