204
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•'the only safety in relation to human government
is distrust, distrust, distrust;" or the language of a
Roman poet, "una salus, nullum specare salutem."
He (Mr. W.) did not deny that there was some-
thing of distrust necessary in relation to human
Governments, and particularly free Governments;
but he also undertook to say," that some degree of
confidence was not only useful, but indispensable,
even to the existence of free Governments. It was
true, our institutions were not based on human
perfectibility, but were based on integrity, on edu-
cation", on morality, and on virtue. Montesquieu
said the foundation principle of monarchy was tear;
but of a republic, virtue; and if virtue followed not
their counsels, he (Mr. W.) feared it was vain to
attempt to guard their institutions from overthrow,
or, in other language, "If the Lord keep not the
city, the watchmen wake but in vain."
He admitted they had of late had no very great
encouragement there to place implicit confi-
dence m men; he admitted they had seen some
demonstrations which m'ght have served reason-
ably to check their confidence. But he was not
ready to admit that the age of virtuous politiciins
was fully gone; he could not agree with his friend
from New York, [Mr. Barnard,] that public office
•was the best school for roguery and vice. He
trusted they should yet live to see the day when
they should have such men as they had in the
earlier days of the Republic; and men, too, of more
recent date, who should feel that, when ihey were
called to the offices of the country, ihey were
not called to some pitiful job, but to a sacred func-
tion—men whom he might address in the words,
though not in the spirit, in which Macbeth was ad-
dressed by—that demi-demon, he had almost said,
with which his destiny was associated—
"What thou would'athighly, that wouM'st thou hohly.
AH not without ambition; but without
The illness should attend it."
At any rate, he, for one, was not ready at pres-
ent to base our institutions or out system, or objec-
tions to systems, upon the absence of everything
like public virtue. It was true, the report seemed
to rest on the watchfulness and vigilance of stock-
holders; but where was their vigilance in the thou-
sand and one institutions which had failed? Now,
though the United Slates bank was his first choice,
he did not say that it was the only means by which
this Government could manege itsaffairs.
After remarking upon several passages at the
close of the report made to"the House by. the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, he expressed his re-
gret tbat he should have to vote against the resolu-
tion of that committee. He believed that the prop-
er course to have been pursued would have been
to have laid the report of the committee on the
table, as was the custom of the House with regard
to adverse reports generally. At the same time
that he advocated this course as the best that could
be pursued, he designed to cast no imputation
whatever upon the Committee of Ways and Means.
He was unwilling to subject the motives of the
majority of the House to peivemon and miscon-
struction, by passing the resolution which had been
reported. Pass that, and it would be said that the
Whig party intended to cast repruach upon the au-
thor of the exchequer scheme. The cry would be
raised, that the majority here iniended to nail the
project to the counter, or counterfeit coin. It
would be said that the design was to hold up the
plan to the country as one which had none so poor
as to do it reverence. A thousand eyes were turn-
ed toward the proceedings of the Whigs in Con-
gress, and he wished to ffford no new motive for
their further malignant gaze. He wished to take
away everything that could be turned into a sub-
ject of misconstruction and invective.
He hoped he should be pardoned for saying a
few words in relation to the author of the exche-
quer projet. He did not stand here as the defender
of the Secretary of State. Tbat man was one of
his most distinguished constituents; and he felt it to
be a duty which he owed to those he represented to
say something of htm. When he saw so much
unmerited reproach cast upon him, he felt that it
would be doing injustice to those who assembled
in Faneuil Hall to hear him, did he return home
without saying anything on the subject. He was
not one of those who listened to the Faneuil Hall
speech of the Secretary of State. He regretted
t,hat such a speech was then and there made. He
dissented entirely from many parts of it—for in-
stance: the charge that the Whigs of Massachusetts,
by declaring a final separation from the President,
had committed themselves to an indiscriminate
warfare against all his measures, he thought, was
not at all warranted by facts. The idea, too, tbat
no peculiar party element entered into the passage
of the tariff bill of last session, because some
twenty or thirty Whigs found tt emselves so situ-
ated as to be obliged to vote against, whilst some
ten or a dozen of'the opposite party voted for it,
was altogether absurd. Nor had the charge that
the convention of the Whigs of Massachusetts had
transcended their authority, by considering subjects
not usual in such conventions., any foundation. But
that the interrogatory "Where shall I go?" instead
of being applicable to his" relation to the Whigs of
Massachuset s, whose confidence no man ever
enjoyed in a more eminent degree than the Secre-
tary of State, was dictated by a mere lust of office
—a mere truckling to place and power—was as
gross as it was unfounded. Indeed, the very next
sentence of ihe speech forbade any such construc-
tion. He referred to the sentence where the Sec-
retary declared that he was, and always should be,
a Massachusetts Whig.
In relation to the subject before the House, he
would declare that he was not unwilling to admit
that there was something in the argument of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mabshall,] who
contended that there was an inconsistency between
the speeches of Mr. Webster and the report on the
subject of ihe exchequer. He should not under-
take to explam away that inconsistency. But be
would say that, in all Mr. Webster's discussions
of the sub-treasury, his leading argument against it
was, that it was an abandonment of the duty of
the Government to regulate the exchanges and cur-
rency of the country. All his other objections
were subordinate to this. Indeed, it was ihe bur-
den of all his speeches; and he (Mr. W ) would
remark, that there was no inconsistency between
tbat view of the sub-treasury and Mr. Webster's
views in relation to the exchequer. Although he
disapproved of his position, yet he thought, when
the Seeretaiy of State was accused of inconsisten-
cy, he might reply, in the language of an ancient
philosopher, "I may have acted contrary to my-
self, but never contrary to the republic."
He had no idea that Mr. Websier would thank
him for what be had said here to-day, although he
might say amen to some of his remarks; yet he"
had felt it to be a duty to those whom he repre-
sented to say what he had said—spurning alike
misrepresentations and misconstructions which
might be made here and at home.
Mr. T. F. MARSHALL next obtained the floor.
He commenced by remarking that he had ven-
tured, the other day, in reply to certain remarks of
his fr,end and colleague—in which he [Mr. G. Da-
vis] expres.-ed the opinion that Mr. Webster was
desutuie of genius—to bring in a sketch of that
great man's character. He did so, that he might
be acquitted of having formed a preconceived judg-
ment ill-relation to him. He should not have ven-
tured to arraign the Secretary of Stale before the
Whig party; for he apprehended that the Secretary
would decline their jurisdiction. Were he (Mr.
M.) to be judged, he would disclaim their jurisdic-
tion. He did not, then, arraign him before the
Whigs; because he, as well as the Secretary, would
deny their jurisdiction. He arraigned him for a
great and glaring departure, not from a sentet ce
takes from a speech, but fiom the whole of the
principles of his philosophy, and the leading prin-
ciples of his lite. He had been bold enough to
term him his master. He did not mean thereby
that he was his party master, whom fee was bound
to follow—not thinking 'hat he was the incarnation
of the principles of any political partv, which he
(Mr. M.) must obey. Thanks be to God, he knew
no such master within the broad bounds of this re-
public ! He meant 10 use the word in the same
light as tbat in whj^i Aristotle was the master of
the Macedonian, Anaxagoras of the Athenian Per-
icles, and Socrates of the practical statesmen of
Greece—not that he (Mr. M.) resembled Alexan-
der, or Pericles, or Alcibiades, but that Mr. Web-
ster combined the wisdom of all those philosophers.
He referred to the pledge given in Faneuil Hall,
when he pledged his reputation upon the policy of
the exchequer. He was reported as meaning a
sneer at the reputation of the Secretary of State,
when his intention was the farthest possible from,
such a thing. In his judgment, the pledge of the
reputation- of the Massachusetts Senator would
have outweighed all the jewelled diadems of Eu-
rope's proudest princes.
Inasmuch as ihe Government organ, in a strain
more elevated and dignified than usual, had taken
notice of his remarks, he would beg leave to read
a passage from the Faneuil Hall speech to which
he referred'
"The subject of the currency, gentlemen, has
been the study'of my life. Thirty years ago, a
little before my entrance into the councils of the
Government, the questions connecied with a mixed
currency, involving the proper relation of paper to
specie, and the proper means of restricting ail ex-
cessive issue of paper, came to be discussed by
the most acute and well-disciplined understand-
ings in England, in Parliament. At that time, during
the suspension of specie payments by the banks,
when paper_was 15 per cent, below par, Mr. Van-
sittart had presented his celebrated resolution de-
claring that a bank note was still worth the value
expressed on its face; that the bank note had not
depreciated, but that the price of bullion had risen.
Lord Liverpool and Lord Castlereagh espoused this
view, as we know; and it was opposed by the close
reasoning of Huskisson, the powerful logic of
Horner, and the practical common sense of Alex-
ander Baring (now Lord Ashburton.) [Applause-]
The study of those debates made me a bullionist.
"They convinced me that paper could not cir-
culate safely in any country, any longer than it
was immediately redeemable at the place of its
issue. Coming into Congress the very next year,
or the next but one after, and finding the finances
of the country m a most deplorable condition, I
then, and ever after, bestowed myself,in preference
to all other public topics, to the consideration of
the questions relating to them. I believe I have
read everything of value that has been published
since on those questions, on either side of the
Atlantic. I have studied, by close observation, the
laws of paper currency as they have exhibited,
themselves m this and other countries, from 1811
(own to the present time. I have expressed my
opinions at various times in Congress; and some
of the predictions which I have made have not
been altogether falsified by subsequent events. I
must, therefore, be permitted, gentlemen, without
yielding to any flippant paragraph of a newspaper,
or lo the hasty ebullitions of debate in a public as-
sembly, to say that I believe the plan for an ex-
chequer, as presented to Congress at its last session,
is the best measure—the only measure for the adop-
tion of Congress, and the trial of the people. I
am ready to stake my reputation, that if this
Whig Congress will take that measure, and give
it a fair trial, within three years it will be ad-
mitted by the whole American people to be the
most beneficial measure of any sort ever adopted
in this country, the Constitution only excepted
[Cheers.]
There were cheers (said Mr. M.) at that remark.
But the Secretary of State goes on:
"I mean, that they should take it as it was when
it came from the Cabinet; not as it looked when
the committee of Congress had laid their hands
upon it." [Laughter.]
And (said Mr. M.) marked it, according to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Granger.] [A
laugh.]
"For when the committee of Congress had struck
out the proviso respecting exchange, it was not
worth a rush—it was not worth the parchment it
would be engrossed on. The great desire of this
country is a general currency, a facility of ex-
change; a currency which shall be the same for
yon, and for the people of Alabama and Louisiana;
and a system of exchange which shall equalize
credit between them and you, with the rapidity and
facility with which steam conveys men and mer-
