CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
m
Oregon Territory, there are extensive valleys 'not
inferior to onr Western valleys in size, unrivalled
ifi fertility, and blessed with a salubrity of climate
scarcely equalled by that of any State in this
Union. Mr. L. here read a vast accumulation of
documentary evidence in proof of this position.
Having met ill these arguments in detail, Mr.
L. proceeded with general arguments in support
of the policy and expediency of the bill; he de-
manded why the British wanted it, if it was so
worthless'; animadverted upon the incoasistency
of treating the territory as not worth having, and,
at the same time, dreadtng a war from Great
Britain, if we touched it} and concluded with
an exhortation to Senators, before they decided
ttpon voting against it, to consider well the
effect which a rejection of this essential step would
have—not only disappointing and discouraging our
own citizens, but giving countenance to the pre-
tensions of, and leaving epen and undisputed to, a
rival power, every sort of encroachment upon our
national rights.
The foregoing is given as a mere sketch of Mr.
L.'s arguments m substance. His speech in full
will convey them more correctly, and furnish all
the documentary evidence referred to.
Mr. BERRIEN next obtained the floor; and, on
bis motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 96, 1843.
Mr. REDING presented the petition of Mrs.
Caroline Ladd, of Bradford, Vermont, for a pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS presented the memorial
of David Taylor, G. F. Norris, and J. R. Rogers,
Cherokee claimants under the treaty of 1835-6,
praying the adoption of such speedy measures as
shall render effectual the 17th article of said treaty.
Mr. ATHERTON,under the rule, presented the
memorial of John Haven and others, inhabitants
of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying for such
measures as shall give to the navigation of the Uni-
ted States such terras of just reciprocity as shall
most conduce to the public welfare.
Mr. H. DODGE presented the memorial of
David Irwin and others, asking Congress that an
act maybe passed confirming certain entries to
lands; and that patents may be issued for the same,
in accordance with the prayer of the memorial.
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of sun-
dry citizens ot Preble county, Ohio, praying an ap-
propriation to the Cumberland road, and remon-
strating against any change whatever in the present
location through that county: referred to the Com-
■ znittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. RODNEY presented the resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Delaware, on the sub-
ject of the conflicting claims to the Peapatch island
in the Delaware, and calling on the Government to
retrocede it to said State; pledging the faith of the
Legislature to restore it to the United States when
the title shall have been quieted by the Supreme
Court: referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, on leave, submitted
the following resolution; which was considered and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy inform this House
the amount of money paid to the officers of the scientific corps
engaged in the exploring expedition, and to the navy officers
engaged in the coast survey, since the 3d day of March, 1839;
distinguishing between the amount paid them as their regular
annual compensation, and moneys, paid them for extra or any
■ervices other than their regular compensation.
Mr. KEIM, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, by the general consent of the House, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Daniel Homans; which
was twice read, and referred.
Mr. MEDILL presented a memorial from a com-
pany of gentlemen, citizens of Ohio, showing the
fearful extension of British commerce, settlements,
arms, and influence over the territories of the United
States west of the Rocky Mountains, encouraged
by the late movements of the Hudson Bay Com-
pany for the occupation of the Russian possessions
and California, under the probable advice of the
British Government, and the movements of that
Government for the possession of the Musquito
coast and the Sandwich Islands—alleging that
their apprehensions for the early and peaceable
establishment of our rights have been greatly in-
creased by the late treaty with Great Britain, and
the almost simultaneous breaking up of the Amer-
ican Fur Company. Great Britain having obtained
thereby one hundred and twenty miles of valuable
frontier southwest of the St. Francis river, which
she agreed to relinquish by the arbitration of 1832;
and all intercourse between the Americans and
Indians having been cut off: expressing their doubts
of the propriety of employing a sufficient military
force to maintain possession of the country, under
the present depressed conaition of the treasury;
and praying a grant of land to them-elves and as-
sociates, not exceeding 80,000 square miles, under
such regulations as Congress stiaU see proper to
prescribe, on condition of their immediate removal,
settlement upon, and defence of the same.
On motion by Mr. MEDILL, the memorial was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRONSON presented the petition of sundry
merchants, shipmasters, and others, of Augusta
and Hallowell, Maine, praying for a revision of
our navigation laws, so as to place our tonnage on
an equal footing with that of foreign nations;
which, on motion by Mr. KENNEDY of Mary-
land, was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and the btll on that
subject, heretofore reported by the Committee on
Commerce, was made the special order of the
day for the first Tuesday in February next.
Mr. COWEN, from the Committee of Claims,
asked leave to make an adverse report on the case
of General Joseph M. Hernandez. Mr. C. said
that there was a minoiiiy report on this subject,
and he moved that both reports be printed, and
laid on the table.
Mr. TOMLINSON, from the minority of the
same committee, said that ihe minority had re-
ported, by bill, in favor of the claimant, and he
moved to have the bill read.
The SPEAKER said that the minority could not
report a bill.
Mr. COWEN suggested that the gentleman
could get at his object by moving to refer the sub-
ject to the Committee of the Whole. The ma-
jority of the committee were desirous of bringing
the whole subject before the House.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman from
Ohio, ihat, by reporting the bill of the minority, it
would not make tbe majority of the committee
responsible for it; and in this way the subject could
be best brought before the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COW EH acquiesced in that course; and the
bill was read twice, and referred to the Committee
of the Wholf; and the reports were ordered to be
printed.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill for the reVef of John Hodgkm;
which was r?ad twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, reporied a bill making pro-
vision for the warehousing of imported goods, ac-
companied by a detailed report on Ihe subject.
The bill was twice read, and referred to ths Com-
mittee of the Whole on the siate of the Union; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. KENNEDY, five thousand
extra copies of the report were also ordered to be
primed.
Mr. POPE presented a memorial on the sub-
ject of the improvement of the Western rivers;
which,
On motion by Mr. STEENROD, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. WISE presented fonr memorials from the
northwestern pert cf New York, praying for the
passage of the exchequer bill.
PLAN OF AN EXCHEQUER.
The Hou^e resumed, as the special order, the
adverse report of the Committee of Ways and
Means on the subject of the exchequer—the ques-
tion being on the motion of Mr. Cushiko to amend
the resolution concluding that report, by striking
out the word "not."
Mr. PENDLETON, who had the floor, observ-
ed, that some days since he gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts informed the House that, of the number
of petitions presented on the subject of tbe exchs-
quer, the one from the city of Cincinnati alone
contained 5,000 signatures. He presumed that
he had received all the petitions that came from his
section of tbe country—some of which were "in fa-
vor of the President's plan, and some in favor of
the congressional plan. The advocates of the lat-
ter, however, in comparison wi>h the former, were
exceedingly few. The gentleman who brought these
petitions to the city, and delivered them to him, in-
formed him that they contained but 1,200 names.
Be this as it might, among these names he recog-
nised many of his personal friends of both politi-
cal parties, whose wishes and opinions were enti-
tled to receive from him the most respectful con-
sideration. Shortly about to retire from public
life, to renew his associations with these very peti-
tioners, he might'be permitted to say, without giv-
ing offence, that that association would be more
agreeable to his tastes and habits than anything he
could find here. H® felt most anxious to think
with them, and reconcile his vote in accordance
with their feelings and wishes to the paramount
duty which he owed to his country. Before he
could give such vote, he found it necessary to ex-
amine the report of the Committee of Ways and
Means. He approached that argument with every
disposition to be able to draw a different conclusion
from it. He had examined it with the utmost care,
and he now frankly confessed that, with all the
scrutiny he had been able to give it, with a pre-
disposition against it, yet he could find no part of it,
with which he could conscientiously differ.
Afier some other observations, he tamed to the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means, and
enumerated the plans of Pnance and currency in
that document set forth, to which he added others;
ihus placing in opposition the snb-treasury, the
United States bank, the Executive exchequer plan,
the projet of the Select Committee, and the State
bank system. Of the State bank system, he said,
there were none now to contend for it; and yet it
was a system which President Jackson, in his an-
nual messages, said had been ascertained and
proved to be ihe best and most valuable, and en-
tirely successful. He read extracts from four of
President Jackson's messages on the subject. But,
after all, that system failed; and now no one was
found its advocate. He then traced the history of
the sub-treasury, of which some future committee
would say there was none willing to be its friend:
the people had denounced it by larger majorities
than they have ever before rejected any public
measure; and that being ai-posed of, he would look
at the Executive's plan ot an exchequer, and com-
pare it with the condemned sub-treasury. The
sub-treasury provided simply a fiscal agent for the
collection, safekeeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue; the exchequer proposed to
do the same thing, and substantially in the same
way. But, in addition to this, the exchequer propos-
ed to furnish and secure a national currency. They
had been told that there was too much bank capi-
tal in the country; but he contended that capital
was wanted to develope their resources and carry
their produce to market. He illustrated, at some
length, the mode of doing business with bills of ex-
change.
He then went into a comparison of the sub-
treasury and the exchequer. The one provided
that all the dues of the Government should be paid
in specie. The other provided that they should be
paid, first, in specie; second, in certificates of de-
posite; third, in treasury notes; and, fourth, in the
noies of specie-paying banks. No<v, what was the
difference between the two? In the matter of
specie payment, they were the same. The second
mode of payment, according to the exchequer, was
by certificates of deposite, representing bullion or
gold and silver. This was, in fact, the same thing
as paying in specie. But certificates of debt were
to be given to the public, creditors; and these were
to be received in payment of public dues. This,
then, was but a substitute for coin. He mpreover
