$08
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
opposed the principle of giving certificates to cred-
itors of the Government', as a measure only resort-
ed to by spendthrift governments. The third mode
of payment was in treasury notes; but did the ex-
chequer bill provide for an issue of treasury notes?
Certainly not; although it made them receivable.
The fourth mode was in the notes of specie-paying
banks. This would do no good, because it would
compel the specie to be locked up in the vaults of
the banks. Hence he argued that the scheme
would not tend to increase the currency of the
country, ancf was but a complex piece of ma-
chinery. He also argued against the provision by
which certificates of deposite were to be given to
those who might deposite specie at any point. Such
deposites, he contended, would, whenever they
were of any advantage, cost more than it would to
transport specie from place to place.
In relation to the provision requiring the assent
of the States to the establishment of branches
within their several limits, he urged that the ques-
tion of the currency entered into the elections all
over the country; and the consequence would be,
that branches would be permitted in the States, ac-
cording as this or that party obtained the ascend-
ency. He agreed with the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Marshall,] that we should not depend
upon State legislation in determining upon a plan
of finance. In mere matters of expediency, he
would be as willing to yield as any mat); but he
could not, on a question like this, surrender any
great power vested in Congress by the Federal Con-
stitution.
After urging, as a further objection to the bill,
that it would furnish two kinds of currency—gold
'and silver, and a national paper currency—Mr. P.
was cutoff by the expiration of his hour.
Mr. WISH next obtained the floor, and said that
he should not now s<peak, but for his limit of time,
in which he could not compress what he had to say
on the subject. He should, however, avail him-
self of the opportunity, to throw off some of the
preliminary matter, before the House should re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole, when he
should again speak. If the question had to be de-
cided to-day, (as had been intimated by the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,) he
wished, before sundown, to reply to all that there
was of argument in the speech of the gentleman
from Kentucky, yesterday. That gentleman had
devoted his time, on three several occasions when
he had addressed the House, to the Secretary ot
State, and the views, of that functionary upon mat-
ters of finance. As this regular set-tj on the Sec-
retary of State involved important principles, he
should endeavor to discuss those parts of the gen-
tleman's speech in which he had sought to convict
the Secretary (whom he called his master) of in-
consistency. The gentlemaa seeraed to think that
the Secretary of State had, for the first time, ad-
vanced a great principle, on which he (Mr. M.)
had dwelt in his speech. He would say to the
gentleman, that Mr. Webster had not advanced
the principle for the first time—not the first
by a hundred; for it was first advanced by Alex-
ander Hamilton, and afterwards by the gentleman's
own illustrious uncle—John Marshall. This great
principle was discussed ia the first meeting of the
cabinet of General Washington; and the is«ue was
made between Jeffeison and Hamilton, whether
the Federal Government was sovereign to the full
extent of its Federal powers; whether, if the Fed-
eral Government possessed a power, it possessed it
independently and separately. It was then con-
tended that State assent could not give a power
which before was not possessed; as a State dissent
could not take away a power which was possessed.
It was then not only conceded by Jefferson, but ad-
mitted by all, (for the question wa' whether the pow-
er had been granted or not,) that whatever power
was granted and did exist, was paramount and all-
pervading. This was conceded. If, then, the power
of incorporation had been given, it was helgi that
such power was co-extensive with the limits of the
Union, and bounded only by its jurisdiction and
territory. Thus, then, it became an axiom, that,
as the State assent could not give, so, also, the
State dissent could not take away, a power, except
by an amendment of the Constitution, made in the
prescribed form.
The gentleman from Kentucky having taken
pains to insist three several times that the Secretary
of State first advanced this ground—that the power
of incorporation would extend ever the Union—
and then, a?sumin? that a Government bank was
the worst of all institutions, having gone on to
prove that the exchequer was a Government bank,
he (Mr. W.) proposed to discuss that question. Is
the exchequer a Government bank?.
In the first place, it was not a definite idea to
talk of the exchequer, because, as his friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Cwhing] had said, the idea
was capable of various modifications. There
were two plans before the House—the plan of the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the plan of the Select
Committee; one containing the provision which re-
quired State absent, whilst the other did not. There
was a third plan—that of the Senate. Thus, then,
the exchequer was subject to as many modifica-
tions as a national bank or a sub-treasury. When
he spoke of an exchequer, he spoke of the idea as
embodied in tha resolution of "the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Atherton,] which was, in
the first place, that it should be without any act of
incorporation; second, that it should separate the
Government from individuals—public funds from
private; and especially that there should be an ex-
ercise of the constitutional custody and control of
Congress over the public money, independent of
the Executive; not stripping the Executive of any
power given by the Constitution, but defining,
limiting, regulating, controlling, and directing it.
This was his idea of the exchequer, and the gen-
tleman from Kentucky insisted that it was a Gov-
ernment bank.
He (Mr. W.) would discuss this question. In
the first place, he would say, that the gentleman
had taken great pains to reply to an article in
the Madisonian, in which the word precise had oc-
curred seveial times. He thought the gentleman
had taken care not to be very precise himself. He
wished to show that the gentleman's definition of a
Government bank would not bear the test of exami-
nation. When the gentleman said that the nature.,
and not the name, constituted an institution, he was
very true.
The gentleman said, first, thatifwas a moneyed in-
stitution; second, that it dealt in money for profit.
Mark the second proposition—that it dealt in money
for profit. He wished that the gentleman was in
his seat, that he might ask him who he presumed
concurred in this report of the Committee of Ways
and Meant? "'What was the very power of the Gov-
ernment, which was now in question before the
House and the country? He would take the power
as it was defined by the Committee of Ways and
Means. "The country," said the Committee of
Ways and Means, "has been agitated for many
years on the all-absorbing questions of finance and
currency. The power of finance involves the in-
quiry into the best mode of collecting, keeping, and
disbursing the public revenue"—that is, the public
money—"and that of thecurrency into the best mode
of creating a circulating medium"—that is, the cir-
culating money of the country. That, said Mr. W.
is a definition in which I concur.
The very power of the Government which was
now in question, was the power of firance, which
first involved the subject of collecting, keeping, and
disbursing the public money; and the oiher power
involved in this question, was the power of cur-
rency, which included the power of regulating and
controlling money for Government purposes.
Then, if this power of the Government was exer-
cised at all, it must be in the form of some institu-
tion of law, which, first, was a moneyed institution,
and, secondly, dcaltin money for profit. Hewished
to be distinctly understood m this argument—from
which he defied the gentlemaa to escape—that,
whether it be an institution of law by act of cor-
poration, or by organization, such as the Bank of
the United States, and the Treasury Department—
if it exercised the above powers, it must be an msti-
tution.of law, in whatever form created, which is a
moneyed institution dealing in money for profit.
The present treasury system was a bank nnder
that definition.
The act of 1789, which organized the Treasury De-
partment, and made the Treasurer of the United
States the keeper of the public moneys—which cre-
ated the receivers and disbursing agents officers of
the Government—was an institution of law, not
by act of incorporation, but by organization.
There was a moneyed institution; and, secondly, it
was an institution which dealt in money for the
sake of profit. Was it not notorious that, under
every administration of the Government, from
General Washington's to this day, under every
Secretary of the Treasury, and in every month and
week, the Government had bought and sold bills of
exchange for the transj^r of .the public money, and
as often getting a premium as paying it? More-
over, the Secretary of State, for paying foreign am-
bassadors, and the Secretary of the Navy, for pay-
ing the officers of the navy abroad on foreign service,
bad te buy bills of exchange. Mr. Woodbury
himself, the great advocate of the independent treas-
ury, had done it. But this was a very minute
view of the scope of profit and loss in which the
Treasury had been engaged. He begged leave to
call the gentleman's attention to a much broader
system of profit and loss, in which the Treasury
dealt under the act of 1789. Why, the whole book
of profit and loss was before them in the case be-
fore the House. How should the public money
be best collected and kept? Why, there was profit
in the idea of preventing loss. How should the
Government collect its dues in the most valuable
funds? There was positively the idea of gain.
How should it be kept in the safest manner? How
disburse it in the most profitable way? Why, in
disbursing, the Government would avail itself of
that system which paid no discount, but made a
profit. Not only the act of 178§, but the
Treasury itself, according to that definition, was a
bank—a moneyed institution, dealing in money for
profit. The collectors, receivers, and especially
one body of officers created at the last session of
Congress, constituted a bank, if this idea was cor-
rect. To show how utterly fallacious was this
definition of a bank, he would ask what the gen-
tleman would make of the commissioner of loans
sent to obtain a loan at a premium if he could get
it, or at the lowest discount* Did not the gentle-
man see that this definition of a bank would not
bear the lest? He defied the gentleman to create
or define, in fancy or in fact, an institution which
should have the power of finance and the power of
the currency—the power of disbursing and the
power of creating a currency—without having the
nature of a bank. This was reducing the gentle-
man's argument at once to the argumentum ad
absurdum. What, then, was the distinction
The gentleman had very truly said that a bank
might be incorporated, or not; one of deposite or of
issue, or not; of loan and discount, or not; that it
might be a sole, or joint, &c., <fcc. Now he would
ask the gentleman if every private individual was
a banker, who, merely for the ordinary transac-
tions of life, borrowed money, or lent money,
or who took a discount, or shaved or exacted a
premium when he sold a bill of exchange? Cer-
tainly not; and yet the same individual who did all
these things, neither more nor less, under a differ-
ent aspect, without an act of incorporation, or with
it, was called a banker; and why? Because the
'* name of banker depended not only upon the na-
ture of his business, but upon his profession; and
if he (Mr. W.) had time, he could produce aa
abundance of amhoiities to prove the truth of the
position. I may (said Mr. W.) lend my friend
from Indiana a thousand dollars, and may sell him
a bill of exchange, and I may not be a banker.
Thoffgh I may i<sue to him a bill of credit; though
I may discount his note; though I may exact a pre-
mium from him; and even though I may perform,
one of the modern functions of a bank—defraud
him,-—yet all that will not constitute me a banker.
But in a land where unlicensed banking is tol-
erated—as it was in Virginia, till it was suppressed
and punished by law—if I set up my sign as a
banker and broker, profess to deal in the business
of banking, discount, and deposits—to deal in
money for profit; then not only the nature of my
business, but my profession constitutes me a
banker. As long as I am a private individual,
