mo
congressional globe.
[Mr. Wintheop,] who addressed the House 011
yesterday, that distrust was the prevailing senti-
ment of this report. It most be considered that
this was a Government of limited powers, and the
theory of which was to trust its agents with no
more power than was absolutely necessary. It was
essentially a Government of limited powers, and the
people had reserved to themselves all which were
not absolutely necessary to carry it on. What had
the House heard from the gentleman from New
York! [Mr. Barnard.] Why, that there was a
competency in the Constitution for the adoption of
the exchequer, so far as it related to the safekeep-
ing ami disbursement ot the public money, but not
so as regards its provisions for depositing and for
the regulation ef commercial exchanges. There
was also, according to the gentleman, a competency
for the adoption'of the sub-treasury. Now, if it was
not compe'ent for the Government to deal in ex-
changes—if the Constitution gave no such power,
how'could such a power be delegated to a corpora-
tion? Congress could not delegate what it did not
possess. Therefore, the argument of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Barnard] overthrew all ar-
gument which might bs derived from the Constitu-
tion in favor of the power to establish a bank of
the United States.
But it was formerly urged as a great objection
to the subt-reasury, that it failed to exercise the
power granted to Congress—of regulating the cur-
rency. What was a legal currency? Gold and
silver were recognised by the Constitution as the
legal currency of the country; and the resolution of
1816 also recognised it as such; although, at the
same time, it provided that the notes of the United
S ates Bank should be a legal tender. If Congress
was bound to provide a currency, of course they
must provide one which is legal; and nothing but
gold and silver was recognised in the Constitution
as such. The surest way of regulating exchanges, (if
anything could be done incidentally by the Govern-
ment for that purpose,) was by enacting a law provi-
ding for the entire collection and disbursement of the
public revenues in gold and silver. But even if there
were a power in the Government to regulate ex-
changes, its interference would, he imagined, be at-
tended only with mischief. The Government, prop-
erly,had nothing to do with such matters. Exchanges
should be regulated by the course of trade; and it
would be as reasonable to contend that the Gov-
ernment should regulate the price or the freight of
meichandise. Gentlemen had spoken of the watch-
ful eye of self-interest to regulate the banks: why
not leave exchanges to be regulated by it also?
When gold and silver are the currency, the rate of
exchange can never exceed the price of transporta-
t on. If a bank on one side of the street redeems
its notes, whilst another on the opposite side does
not, the difference between the notes of the two is
as much the rate of exchange as if the two banks
xvere in different sections of the country. Why
should the Government any more undertake to reg-
ulate the p; ice of exchange than the price of pro-
visions? He illustrated this position by several ex-
amples, and concluded that any interference by the
Government in such a matter would be vain and
idle—would defeat its own ends—and, so far from
being beneficial, would be disadvantageous, to com-
merce.
The Constitution, as he had said, fixed the stand-
ard of value—gold and silver only. AH acknowl-
edged it was desirable that more gold and silver
should circulate in the community. [Mr. Barnard
shook his head.] As the gentleman had .shaken
his head, he would read a few extracts from what
was said by a man who, he presumed, was very
good authority with the gentleman. He read from
the message of Governor John Davis to the Legis-
lature of Massachusetts in 1834.
"There is doubtless a difference of opinion as to the causes
■which produce the great vacillations in the money market. At
one time, the premium on capital falls below the legal rate of
interest; at another, money can scarcely be had on any terms.
There can, however, be little doubt that the small quantity of
specie in circulation is one of the causes tending to produce
these disastrous fluctuations. If a panic should seize the pub-
lic, if distrust should overshadow our banks but for a day, all
payments in specie would cease; for the funds on hand do not
amount to one-twelfth of the bills in circulation, and those de-
positee they are bound to pay on demand. This dispropor-
tion between specie and paper cannot be materially increased.
ft quantity of specie is diminished, Hie paper circulation
must be curtailed. If it is increased, the paper may also
Be increased. The paper, therefore, fluctuates as its basis
changes." . (,
"The disastrous fluctuations which we experience (he adds
in 1834) are to some extent to be imputed to the fluctuations in
specie,^(meaning" in amount, not in value;) and the smaller the
amount of specie in the country, the more likely they are to
occur. The most obvious remedy, therefore, against the recur- ■
rence of this calamity, and the most certain method of saving
the active industry of the country from the devouring vortex
of this almost periodical disaster, which comes of curtailing
discounts, is to increase, by some judicious regulations, the
quantity of specie in circulation to such an extent that these
occasional drains shall not curtail the circulating medium so as
to produce such consequences. If the circulation of small balls
hadneverbeen permitted, but their places had been supplied
with specie, the quantity now in circulation would be large,
and would greatly strengthen the confidence of the public and
the ability of the banks, as it would flow in to supply the place
of that drained off, and thus supersede, to a great extent, the
occasion for these forced curtailments of discounts which al-
ways prove injurious to the public. The States which have
adopted this course, are best supplied with specie; and if the
whole country could be prevailed onto suppress small bills,
great relief would be realized from it."
"Experience has long since proved that a metallic currency
is least liable to fluctuations, and therefore best adapted to the
purpose for which it is designed; audit is to be hoped the ear-
liest opportunity will be seized to return to it—so far, at least,
as to rectify the present credit system of paper currency, and
preventfits pernicious fluctuations."
"Fluctuations visit all who have property, and all who work
to acquire it, with injury, and compel them to submit to severe
sacrifices. What is called a scarcity ef money, only means
that the banks do not discount."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cosit-
ing] had well mentioned, among the inherent evils
of paper money, its expansibility, which brought
periodical ruin, disaster, and distress. Should the
Government, then, increase and promote this evil,
by issuing Government paper by a Government
bank, or indirectly through the agency of a United
Slates bank? Was it possible to remedy the evil
of expansion, by increasing the amount of the pa-
per volume? Would not such a course be only
adding fuel to the flame? And if it was proposed
by a bank of the United States to regulate the
issues of other banks, history proved that such a
purpose could not be so accomplished. History
and experience showed that the banks nearest and
most under the influence of the United States Bank,
were the first to suspend; whilst those remotely
situated from that institution held out longest, and
were the last to cease paying specie. If it was ex-
pected to check these overissues of banks by law,
such an idea could not be carried out, because it
went counter to all experience of the past. What
had been the history of the banking system? Did
not observation tell us that banks could not be re-
stricted by law? The zeal, and influence, and the
untiring energy of interested individuals were en-
tirely too strong for the law. They had heretofore
set all law at defiance. They had applied to State
Legislatures to give them authority to suspend
specie payments, and then called it giving relief to
the community—giving relief by issuing more
of their irredeemable paper!
And as to the watchful eyes of self-interest, which,
it was said, were so important in the prevention of
the abuses of banking, had they not been shown to
be utterly unavailing? Had it not been shown to
be powerless, in all that, they had heard of the sus-
pensions and frauds committed on the stockholders
and the public? And wha< bad availed the power
of the Legislatures of the States? It had proved to
be utterly useless, as was lately found to be the
case with regard to a bank in Massachusetts. The
Legislate of that State passed a law to provide
for inspections of the banks of that State; and tbe
law had proved 'o be so perfectly useless, that the
present Governor, in his message, recommended
its repeal.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, in the re-
marks which he had made to the House, had not
asserted that the result of the late presidential elec-
tion had been an affirmative decision upon the
question as to the propriety of establishing a bank
of the United States. He would ask the gentle-
man whether, in the result of that election, the
people had manifested their approbation of the ex-
chequer plan. And he would ask whether, if the
question were now put to the people of this coun-
try whether thty would have a bank of the United
States or an independent treasury, he believed that
they would deci ,e in favor of a bank. No, sir;
he would not say so. "What did they hear from
the gentleman from Vermont? That the objection
urged against this scheme was, that it was a Gov-
ernment bank. This being the case, the issue was
now given up. It was given up in the report of
the Committee of Ways and Means. If it had
been rendered unpopular on account of a mistake
as to its true character, arising from false imputa-
tions which had been cast upon it, what did the re-
sult prove? Not that the people condemned the
independent-treasury scheme, but that they con-
demned the scheme of a Government bank. To
show that he had not misstated the report, he
would read the following passage:
"These banking powers, thus conferred upon the exchequer,
for the purpose of furnishing a paper circulation, distinguish
this plan from that of the sub-treasury."
They were under the apprehension that, when
once established, this would be converted into a
great Government bank. But, that there was no
reason for even this apprehension, was evident
from various passages in the report. The report
acknowledged that the independent-treasury plan
made it felony, punishable by fine and imprison-
ment, for an officer of that institution to use any
of the public moneys intrusted to its keeping.
They had, therefore, what had been urged as the
main objection to it, at once given up. The objec-
tions fell to the ground; they vanished into air—
into thin air. It had been frequently said, on that
floor, that it was very difficult to tell what precise
issue was determined by the late presidential elec-
tion. At any rate, he would contend, with great
confidence, that, whenever the sub-treasury scheme
was presented as a distinct issue to the people, they
approved it. But it was said, by a distinguished
Whig, on this floor, that the election of members
to the popular branch of this Congress turned up-
on their being for or against this scheme.
The gentleman from New York had gone over
one of the old arguments against the independent-
treasury scheme; but, in doing that, he had admit-
ted (and he thought the admission did great credit
to his candor) that the only objection to the scheme
was, that it provided, after the money was depos-
ited, that it was under the control of officers of
the Government, and not officers of the bank. And
he' understood the gentleman to say that, since the
foundation of the Government, except during an
inteival of one year, the moneys of the Govern-
ment had alwavs been deposited in banks. This
was during the year in which the independent
treasury was in operation.
An allusion was made in the report—in order to
show that the danger was m intrusting the public
moneys in the hands of individuals—to the case of
Mr. Swart wout. But this, he apprehended, was
no! a case which bore any analogy to that which
they were considering. Had the independent,
treasury scheme been in operation, Mr. Swartwout
never could have carried on his frauds and depre-
dations upon the Government. This, then, fur-
nished no argument against the establishment of
an independent treasury.
It was stated in the report, and had been re-
pfated in the House, that a bank cannot abscond.
To be sure, it could not. It had not substance
enough. It was a thing altogether as impalpable
as a shadow.
'■Like shadows they come, like shadows depart."
But could not cashiers—could not presidents ab-
scond? Did the history of the times show that they
were pur' ? He thought not. Why should banks
come In and demand the use of the public moneys be-
tween the time of collection and of disbursement?
What right had they to speculate with the money
of tbe Government? If the right was not to be
granted to individuals, why should it be granted
to ccrporations? It appeared from documents be-
fore them, that the loss had not been one half so
great under the operation of the sub-treasury
scheme, as it had been by using banks as deposito-
ries, and receiving depreciated bank paper.
Mr. McDuffie, in a report which he made a few
yfars ago to the House of Rep-esentatives on this
subject, seated that the Government had lost up-
wards of thirty millions of dollars by taking depre-
ciated bank paper. What was the effect upon the
country generally of the encouragement thus given
to the circulation of bank paper? The very stim-
ulus given to trade by its means tends to create
loans; and these loans go on extending, until at
