CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
last the bobble bursts; and,- as had been well said
by a gentleman on that floor, it was upon the hard
hand and the unsuspecting head of the poor laborer
that the rainfalls. It was a well-settled rule, that the
price of labor was the last to rise, and the first to
fall. This appeared not only from the maxims of
political economists, but from universal history.
He begged leave to read an extract from Thiers's
History of the French Revolution:
"The value of the assignats declining daily in proportion to
their total mass, it required a larger and larger amount to pur-
chase the same quantity of necessaries; and thus the prices
became excessive. The people, receiving only the same nomi-
nal value for their labor, could no longer procure such things
as they needed, and vented themselves in complaints and
threats. Bread was not the only article the price of which was
enormously increased; that of sugar, coffee, and soap was
doubled. The laundresses had come to the convention to
complain that they were obliged to pay thirty sous for soap,
which had formerly cost them but fouiteen. To no purpose
were the people told to raise the priceof their labor, m older 10
re-establish the proportion between their wages and the articles
of consumption. They could not be brought to act in concert
for the accomplishment of this object," —Thiers's Hist. Fr.
Hev.} vol, 4, p. 441.
This single instance exhibited its operation in all
cases. There could be no combination among
laborers to raise the price of labor according to the
depreciation in the currency.
On the 7th page of the report it was stated
that, "by the sub-treasury, the Government only
risked, in the hands of its officers, ihe amount of
money that might be «et hand between the time of
collection and the time of disbursement." This
was true, under all sys'ems. They were obliged !o
employ collecting officers and disbursing oificers,
and they had the honesty of those officers to assure
them against loss. And he would here observe,
that it seemed to him the argument lhat
corporations could be trusted, and men could not,
was a very unsound argument. According
to this supposition, there must be certainly
something very corrupting in the circumstance of
holding office—something which tends to obliter-
ate the moral feelings. Gentlemen talked about the
safety of the public monejs when deposited in
banks, and that they would be found faithful to
their trusts. Why, the Government wts left pow-
erless; the money was placed in the hands of those
who were responsible to the people, and the Gov-
ernment was left prostrate.
lMr. PROFF1T obtained the floor, and replied
briefly to some of the observations of the senile-
man from New Hampshire. The gentleman had
alluded to a report made some years ago by Mr.
McDuffie, which stated that the Government had
lost thirty millions of dollars by deposiung the pub-
lic funds in banks. What effect had this statement
upon the gentleman himself, and upon his patty?
Did the gentleman suppose that he was to be per-
mitted to make use of such arguments; or
that they would be allowed to pass without
repl)? Did the gentleman mean to come out
and avow himtelf in favor of an indepen-
dent, old-fashioned trea^urj? Would his par-
ty agree to thus? They would not do it; they dated
not do it. Why did not the gentleman tell them
something about the working of that okl-fashioncd
sub-treasury? During thj whole time it was in
operation in New York, was there a single dollar
in specieoui? It was the duly of the friend., of the
Administration to defend themwlves. from such
attacks as the gentleman had just made. How
many millions of treasury notes did the gentleman
himself vote for, although he was now so vehement
in his denunciations against the issue of a paper
currency by the Government Le; hira answer
this; and let him show, too, that the old-fa-'hioncd
independent treasury scheme, which he vaunted so
much, was free from abuses,
Mr. FILLMORE rose and said he desired to ad-
dress a few words to the House, in reference to this
matter.
An adjournment, however, being desired by
several members, be yielded to a motion for that
purpose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 27, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting printed copies of the Official Army
Register for 1843; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. PORTER presented two memorials frem
Ypsilanti and Jackson, Michigan, remonstrating
against the repeal of the bankrupt law; which were
refered to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CLAYTON presented joint-resolutions,
adopted by the Legislature of Delaware, urging
upon Congress the retrocession from the United
States, to the State of Delaware, of the Peapatch
Island.
Mr. CLAYTON observed that the object of the
retrocession was not that Delaware might retain
possession of the island; bat that the title, which
had been so long litigated, might be settled, and
vested permanently in the United Slates. For this
purpose it was necessary that the Supreme Court
should have original jurisdiction over the suit or
controversy on which the title shall be tried;—the
parly claiming against the United States not
having assented to the proposition of Congress to
try the title in the State of Maryland. For the
purpose of giving the Supreme Court original ju-
risdiction of this controversy or suit, and to obtain
a proper and conclusive decision of the title, it was
necessary to recede the island to the Slate of Dela-
ware. Mr. C. said the people of Delaware could
not rest satisfied with the present s'ate of tilings—
the conflicting claims for jurisdiction over the soil,
and the conflicting right of properly. He observed
that neither himselt nor his colleague would at that
time take measures to carry into ifftct these reso-
lutions, for the reason that an arrangement had
been entered inte, by which the title would be ef-
fectually and fairly adjusted; and to carry which
into effect, a bill has been reported from the Judi-
ciary Committee. It would not be necessary, there-
fore, for his colleague and himself to take any steps
then in the matter, but await the decision of the
Senate on the bill, by which the controversy would
be fairly arranged to the satisfaction of all parties.
If the bill did not pass, then they would take some
steps in accordance with the resolutions just pre-
sented. The resolutions wereordered to be printed,
and referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that this would be
joyful news to some of his constituency—that the
States of Delaware and New Jersey were about to
settle this long litigated question. For years and
years the citizens of Philadelphia had felt great
anxiety that the fortification which had been com-
menced on that island should be completed; and
which could not be done, on account of the dis-
agreements between those two States.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial of a
number of citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, asking for an immediate, entire, and
unconditional repeal of the bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. "WRIGHT presented a petition from Patrick
Keon, of Jefferson county, New York, praying
for a modification in his behalf of the naturaliza-
tion laws of the United States; which was referred
to ihe.Tudiciary Committee.
Also, a memorial from a number .of citizens of
the town of O-.wego, New York, praying tha' they
may bs allowed to import from Canada certain
lumber, free of dutj: referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Al o, a petition numerously signed by citizens of
Troy, New Yoik, praying for a repeal of the bank-
rupt law: referred to the Judiciary Committee.
Al'o, a petition from a large.number of inhab-
itants of the county of Lenawee, in the State of
Michigan, lerronstrating against the repeal of the
bankrupt law: referred to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.
Mr. WOODBURY presented a memorial from
the town of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, from
persons engaged in commerce and navigation, com-
plaining of the depressed state of those interests,
and attributing it to the irreciprocal commercial
regulations of the United Sta'es with foreign pow-
er*, and prayirg tor such a modification of those
regulations, consistent with treaty stipulations, as
will produce greater reciprocity in trade: referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials
from inhabitants of Alleghany county, Pennsyl-
vania-, praying the adoption of the plan recom-
mended by the Executive, for a board of txche
quer; which were laid on the table'-
Also, presented a memorial from the board of
trade of Philadelphia, signed by Thomas P. Cope,
president, asking for an appropriationi'or the pur-
pose of completing the coast survey, which has
been in a state of progress for several years; and
stating a number of reasons why it should be con-
tinued. Also, concludes with a request that an
appropriation be made for a light-house on the
Brandywine shoals, in the Delaware. The firs
branch of the memorial was referred to the Coai
mittee on Finance, and the latter to the Commute -
on Commerce.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pension
made an adverse report (which was ordered to be
printed) on the petition of James Gee for a pen
sion.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, with an amendment, the HouSe bill
for the relief of Esther Augur.
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, the bill from the House for the re-
lief of Benjamin Truslon.
Also, from the same committee reported a bill
for the relief of Nancy Polereesky, which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. KERR, the bill from' the
House for the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins, which
had been reported unfavorably upon by the Com-
mitteeeon Pensions, was recommitted to that Com-
mittee—new evidence in support of the claim hav-
ing been received.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the previous
orders of the day were postponed for the purpose
of considering the bill from the House for the relief
of Barent Strjker. The bill was then taken up as
in committee of the whole, considered, reported to
the Senate, and, according to order, was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. LINN, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Henry M. Shreeve, and to authorize the
purchase of the patent for his snag-boat: which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Patents.
The bill to prevent the employment, of private
expresses on the mail routes, and for the preven-
tion of frauds on the revenue of the Post Office
Department, was read the second time, and taken
up as in committee of the whole.
Mr. MERRICK said this was one of a series of
bills to be reported to the Senate from the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads, with the
view of correcting sundry abuses which exist, and
of sutfdry frauds which are practised upon the Post
Office Department. The object of the present bill
was to make some beneficial and salutary pro-
visions in relation to a matter ihat was of very
considerable importance to that department—
namely, the securing to it of the legitimate revenue
derivable from the transportation of the mail from
one porlion ot the Union to th« other.
It was well known to ihe Senate, that a very
large portion of the proper revenue of that depart-
ment was abstracted from it by what were called
private expresses, which had been recently estab-
lished between the more important commercial
cities, and by which letters and other mailable
matter were conveyed at a rate of charge less than
that which was demanded by the Post Office De-
partment; and, by charging less, although the mails
were conveyed daily, and, m many places, twice
every day, at the expense of the Government, they
were obtaining the transportation of a very large
proportion of the mailable matter passing through
these routes, and consequently abstracting from
the department a very con&iderable part of
it? legitimate revenue. As the Post Office
Department had been established, and was
kept ur> at the expense of the Government,
for the performance of this service to the public,
ii was not only proper, .but absolutely necessary
that it should have a monopoly of the service, and
enjoy all the benefits to be derived from it. The
passage of this bill was contemplated by the com-
mittee as a preparatory step to the passage of
another important bill for the reduction of the rates
