214
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
suffer. iuipr sonment-for a term not less than six months, nor
more than five years."
There w^s the law as it now stood. Were not
these provisions penal enough to satisfy the gentle-
mat^ Had the Committee of Ways and Means
neglected their duty, in not imposing greater penal-
ties? If so,' he would point them to the provisions
of the famous exchequer bill," and then see if that
measure provided better securities for the public
money than now existed. Instead of prohibiting
the public officers from using, investing, or loaning
the public money, they were exptessly authorized
to do it. He asked if the Committee of Ways
and Means had neglected their duty, when they
said that these penalties for the unfaithful applica-
tion of the public money were ample, and far bet-
ted than the. exchequer bill.
Bat he had occupied more time on this subject
than he had supposed he would, when he com-
menced. He had a word to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ccshing,] and others,
who had contended Ibat this exchequer was not a
Government bank.
-That he might not misrepresent the honorable
member>from Massachusels, who spoke first, and
den ed that this was a Government bank, he would
read his remarks as published; and, if there was
any mistake in the report of them, he desired that
he would correct it. Mr. F. then read as follows,
from Mr. Cdshing's speech on the exchequer bill:
^Th'ere existed now no bank of the United States, and very
few spfecie-paying banks of any sort; so that, now, thn public
dues were received either in gold and silver or in treasury notes.
The whole subject was placed at absolute discretion in the
hiftds of the Treasurer, subject to the final discretion of the
President. Under these circumstances, the President came to
Congress, aod asked to be relieved from thin discretion—asked
that Congress would define and limit it. Now, to an appeal
iffce this from the Executive of the country, what did the (lorn,
rfrtttee of Ways and Means reply? Their reply to the Presi-
dent was; ' No, you shall retain this discretion; Wewilt not re-
lieve you from it. unless in one specific way, and that only—
viz: in the foim of 3 joint stock charter for a bank of the Uni-
ted States.' This was the point to which the House were now
brought."
On this assertion that the President had come to
thit House, and asked to be relieved from the dis-
cretion vested in him, and asked to have his power
defined and limited, he would appeal to facts for an
answer. How had the President asked to be re-
lieved? The laws, as had been shown, required
the public treasure to be kept in the custody of ihe
Treasurer of the United Slates. The law, as it
stood, declared that if that Treasurer, or any other
officer intrusted with any other public money,
should use it, or lend or invest it, or in any other
way dispose of it, or who should reiuse or neglect
to pay it over when required to do so, the act should
be taken and deemed to be an embezzlement, and
should be punished with a fine to the amount of
the whole sum embezzled, and imprisonment for
not less than six months, nor more ihau five years.
Now, what did this bill propose) Did it propose
to put the public money in the hands of any other
person or persons than thore appointed t>y the
President of the United States? No. On the con-
trary, it proposed to put the public money into the
hands of a host of receivers; and not only that, but
to put in their custody at the same place the hoards
of private individuals. Did that iook like a de-
sire on his part to be relieved from responsibility?
Thrice did Mark Anthony offer the crown to Cmsar
on the Lupercal, and thrice did he refuse it; but he
apprehended that the Executive had come to that
House with no such feeling, when he asked to be
relieved from his responsibility. He only asked
to have it increased in a ten-fold degree; so that not
only might he have the control of the public treas-
ure, but of all the private funds and banking of
the nation. But to return to the speech of the
gentleman from Massachusetts. The gentleman
said: "Again the committee insisted that the treas
ury board was virtually a Government bank."
Ye.? (said Mr. P.) we did insist that it was. The
gentleman went on to speak as follows:
"Mr. C. had often been surprised—yes, and humbled, too—
to observe how often words could be put, and that by very sensi-
bie men, in the place of things, and as a mask for the thing.
The cry was, that this exchequer scheme was nothing but a
plan for a Government bank. Why, so they might, with equal
truth, say of every plan in which the treasury of the United
S ales acts at all. If the exchequer was a bank because it re-
ceived depositee then the tieaeury was a bank too. If the
exchequer was a bank because it afforded the means of trans-
fer and exchange, then the treasury was a bank, for it did the
same. Before we undertook to object to any measure on the
ground of mere words—and words too often intentionally vague
in their import—it became us to analyse the thing. Now, Mr.
C. positively denied that the exchequer was a bank, in any
sense of the word—popular or scientific; and he challenged
gentlemen to show that there was in it anything analogous to a
bank, which was not equally to be found in the treasury, either
under the sub-treasury law, or as things now stood. It did, to
be sure, perform acts 'which were in themselves the same as
the acts of a bank."
Well, really—as the gentleman said—we must
look at the intention of the thing, and what acts it
has to perform, to make it a bank. He asserts
that this is no bank; and then concludes with the
unqualified assertion that it performs acts which
were, in themselves, the same as the acts of a
bank. New, really, was there not some truth in
the first part of the paragraph just read, in which
the gentleman declared that "he had often been
surprised—yes, and humbled, too—to observe how
often words could be put (and that by very sensi-
ble men) in ihe place of things, and as a mask for
the thing?'* But the gentleman said that this was
no bank. Had he attempted to give his definition
of what a bank was? He said, to be sure, that it
performed the functions of a bank; but still it was
no bank. Sir, (said Mr. F.,) I have been some-
what puzzled myself 10 know what a bank is. He
had a definition of a bank here, which he had
transcribed from a work lately published, called
"The History of Banking in the United States."
According to that definition, a bank was "a com-
mercial institution or repository for the purpose of
receiving the money of individuals, and to im-
prove it by trafficking ia merchandise, bullion, or
bills of exchange; and may be of a public or private
nature." Now, if this was the true definition of a
bank, the exchequer certainly was one.
In the first place, it was an institution or reposi-
tory, in the language of the definition, for the pur-
pose of receiving the money of individuals. This
exchequer proposed a bank of deposile for the pur-
pose of receiving the funds of individuals, and
either to keep them in security professedly—how
far it might do that, he would not pretend to say—
or to improve ihem by trafficking in goods, bullion,
or bills of exchange. This, it would be perceived,
it was expressly authorized to do; for it was to deal
in bills of exchange, by buying and selling them.
There was the definition from one of the standard
works of the country, which showed that this
exchequer was a bank, and was from a wiiier who
was di>interested, and, so far as he had siven evi-
dence of it, without prejudice on the subject. But
Mr. P. did not pre^s this definition of a bank.
A long lime ago ihey bad a discussion en
the sub-treasury, which was created for the
collection, faiclicepiDg, transfer, and disburse-
ment C the public money, by means of the
Govern trie ill's own oflicero. Tins v cnt f.; r beyor.d
the sub treasury. That did not propone the buy-
ing and selling of bills of exchange; this uid.
That did not propose ihe receiving the deposites of
individuals. That did not propose a board ot di-
rectors; ihis did. That did not propose branches
in 'he States; tnis did. It would, therefore, be
perceived that it went beyond the sub-treasury in
its likeness to a bank. He would now give the
definition of the gentleman of a Government bank,
as given in his speech on the independent treasury
bill. It was headed "treasury bank," and was to
be found in Gales & Seaion's Register of Debates
for the year 1837, vol. 11, part 1st, page 883. Mr.
F. then read the following from Mr. Cuskihu's
speech on that occasion:
"TREASURY BANK.
"Notwithstanding the disclamations of any desire for added
patronage, under cover of which th's project is introduced to
us; and notwithstanding my unwillingness to suspect the
President of insincerity in this matter, still I cannot exclude
fiom my mind the conviction that a bank, a national bank, is
the 'he-all and the end all' of the new expenment. Wc be-
gin with a large issue of treasury drafts having circulation as a
currency. We proceed with yot larger issues of treasury notes
expressly framed to be_a currency, All these have got to be
funded hereafter. Ultimately they may be of large amount.
They not only constitute, in themselves, the basis of a treasury
bank, but a soi t of introduction to the use of Government pa-
per as the paper medium of the country. Advocates of the
new scheme admit that Government paper is to be the alter-
native and the substitute for bank paper. The sub-tieasnnes
themselves, when they are put in full operation, drawing back
and forth on each other, issuing and receiving large sums of
money, and still more frequently issuing and receiving one
kind or another, or paper credit based on the Government de-
posites—will be a genuine bank in everything but the name.1'
uIa everything but the name!" Oh! what was
there in a name'? And who did the House sup-
pose gave that definition of a bank? It was his
honorable friend from Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
He had quoted from Gales & Seaton's Debates of
1837, volume 14, part X, page 883. He did not
know but he m ght instruct the House by reading
further from that speech; for it contained some
good doctrine. The gentleman [Mr. Gushing] had
given them, in that speech, some good notions re-
specting Government paper, too; for he had cov-
ered the whole ground. He said, in reference to
Government paper:
"We are to have a paper currency, recognised by the Gov.
emment of the United Stales, and employed in its dealings; but
it is to be irredeemable Government paper. This is the newest
new humbug. The fever fit of gold money has had its day.
Thatof paper succeeds it. If the scheme were not too laugha-
bly absurd to spend time in arguing about it seriously—il the
mischiefs of a Government paper-money currency had not had
an out-and out trial, both m Europe and America,—I might
discuss it as a question of political economy. But I will not
occupy the time of the committee in this way. I am astounded
at the fatuity of any set of men who can think of such a project.
Has Law's Mississippi bubble—have the bills of credit of the
colonies—has the continental money of the Confederation—
have the assignats oi the French republic—imparted no warn-
ing lesson to the present generation'? It is, notoriously, of all
the means by which a Government can raise money, the most
liable to abus&- of all currencies, the most impossible to main-
tain conformable to any fixed standard of value. We, in the
time of the eolonies and of the Confederation, did everything
we could do to give to the paper of the Government the quali*
ties of money. Did we succeed? You know that, in spite of
all Government could do or say to prevent it, our paper money
went on perpetually depreciating in value, until a hundred dol*
lars of u could scarce pay for a breakfast."
Such was the description of Government bank-
ing, irom the great advocate of that scheme. And
there were some other things in that speech to
which he might advert; but he would yield the
floor, rather than occupy it for the few minutes that
remained to him, if the House were ready to take
the question.
Ivir. GIDD1NGS mored the previous question,
and reminded the House that this was private-bill
day.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for tellers, and
they were ordered.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. GUSHING called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
as follows—yeas 6G, nays 141.
\'E AS—Messrs. Allen, Arlington, Borden, Bowne, Brewster,
Aaron V. Brown, Burnet!, John Campbell, Casey, Chapman,
Minion, Coies, Cowen, Cioss, Gushing, Garrett Davis, Richard
D. Davis, .John C. Edwards, Ferns, C. A, Floyd, Fornance,
(Jerry, Uiliner. Patrick G. Gooiio, Win. O. Goode, Harris,
Hastings, Hopkins, Houslon, Hudson, Charles J. Ingersoll,
Vv iliidm W. Irwin, Wni. Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Isaac
D. Jones, Keiin, Andrew Kennedy, I,ewie, jVlallory, Marchand,
Jicmi Tbouipn,!!. TdhnsdUst,' Van JBurcn, Ward', Welterj
\Vcslbroofe,Th„m.i \V Wiiuams, Wmthrup, and Wood—66.
AAYS— Mesini. Adanit, Landdll" W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andiews, Arnold, Atheiti'u, Ayontrg, Uahcock, Maker, Bar-
nard, Bart™, ifcepon, IJiuiack, Hirdscyc, Black, Blair, Board-
man, Holts, ihi™s, Iliockw.iy, Ilronson, Jeremiah Brown,
Hmke, Wnli.im Butle!, (ii'ccn \V. Caldwell, Patrick Cald-
well. Coihoun, Thoinai J. Campbell, Caiutbers, Gary, Child?,
Chittenden, John C. CI,irk, Wtaiey x, Claike, Ohlloid, Colquitt,
ll^lncfAn iini.ono Tl    
god, Graham. Gianger, Green, Gustme, Hall, iialsted, Hayp,
Henry, Ilouck, Howard, Hubard, Hunter, Ilunt, Joseph R.
ingersoll, .fameb Irvin, Jack, James, John W. Jones, John P.
Kenned/, Kins, Lane, Lmn, Liitlefieid, Lowell, Abraham
McCiellan, Koheit McClellan, McKay, McKerman, McKeon.
Alfred Marshall, feamson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell,
jlaynard, Muchll, Meriwether, Moore, Moirow, Oeburne,
Owcley, Partridge, Pavnc, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey,
Benjamin _ Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Read,
.Reding, Ridgway, Rodney, Rogeis, Wm. Russell, James M.
Russ2ll, Sakonstall, Sewell, Sheppord, Shields, Slade, Truman
swnuh, Manly, Suatton, Alex. If. II. Stuart, John T. Stuart,
Rummers, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thompson, Toland,
ronrilinson, Triplett, Trotti, Turney, Underwood, Wallace,
Warren, Washington, Edward I). White, Joseph L. White,
Chiir tophei If. Williams, Yorke, Augustus Young, and John
\ oung—141. ®
Po the resolutions were not Said on the table*
The question then recurred on the previous ques-
tion, ami tellers were called ar<d ordered.
Mr. GUSHING withdr ew his amendment to
stiike out ihe word "not" from the resolution of
the majority of the Committee of Ways and Mean?,
whu-.h affirmed that it was ''not" expedient to adopt
ihf Executive plan of the exchequer.
Mr. Boardman and Mr. Read were then ap-
pointed tellers to take the vote on seconding the
demand for the previous question; and they re-
