^16
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
try; and he [Mr. Ingersoll] would send him on that
errand; for, properly regarded, it was a ares t errand.
He farther alluded to she admission by Mr. Web-
ster in his Faneuil Hall speech, that a UDited
States bank was an obsolete idea, which afforded
proof that something was gained. He deemed
much to be gained when Mr. Webster admitted a
bank to be an obsolete idea; and if he would apply
his talents, with those of the two Houses of Con-
gress, to develop the resources of the country, its
prosperity would be put on a more satisfactory
foundation. The honorable gentleman made other
observations, which were totally lost at the repor-
ter's desk.
Mr. I. D. JONES next obtained the floor, and was
assailed with cries of "adjsurn," "adjourn," and
"go on, go on." He said if any other gentleman
wished to go on to night, he would yield to him the
floor.
Mr. WISE said he had a few words to say,
which he wished to say to night; and the gentle-
man from Maryland could have his hour to-mor-
row. He wished to make his observations to night,
for the House was just waking up to the subject.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved an adjourn-
ment.
Mr. GRANGER called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WISE said he was willing to sit until can-
dle-light, for he had just woke up like Rip Van
Winkle, and he wanted to explain what bad hap-
pened while he had been asleep.
The yeas and nays having been ordered upon
the motion to adjourn, Mr. CAVE JOHNSON
withdrew it.
Mr, ISAAC D. JONES then commenced his re-
marks. He said that his object in rising was to
explain the reasons fu11m vote upon ths resolution
by whicli the exchequer scheme had been con-
demned—having been prevented from doing so
this morning by the operation of the previous
question. He referred to the fact, that the State-
bank system had not an advocate in the country;
and yet it was the only system now in force. Why
should this system of keeping the public money be
allowed to remain in operation, when it did not
have a friend in the country? Congress had twice
shown its preference for a national bank; but that
had been as often vetoed; and it was, moreover,
doubtful whether the stock of such an institution
could be subscribed. He preferred even that the
sub-treasury should be adopted, bad as it was,
rather than the public money should remain in the
hands of the Executive. He was unwilling to
trust any longer to Executive discretion; therefore,
he had voted against the resolution of the commit-
tee, by which the exchequer plan was condemned.
In doing so, he wished it to be understood that the
recommendation of the Executive had no in-
fluence upon him. He did not look to the quarter
whence the scheme came; and he. was the last man
in the House who would yield anything to the Ex-
ecutive in the initiation of measures. When the
Home went into committee upon the exchequer
bill, he should express his views at large, and the
reasons which would induce him to vote for it.
Mr. ARNOLD next obtained the floor, and ex-
pressed a desire to address ihe House, because, as
the "godlike Daniel" had remarked, he thought he
understood the subject thoroughly. He would not,
however, discuss the bill which this morning re-'
ceived so signal a defeat; because it would be like
pouring water on a drowned mouse. After an ex-
pression of his opinion in favor of the bankrupt
law, and a notice to the House that he should con-
tinue to call up his retrenchment bill, he moved
the previous question.
Mr. WISE appealed to the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, in order to enable him to explain
the cause of his absence this morning, when the
vote was taken upon the exchequer.
Mr. ARNOLD consented, provided the gentle
man from Virginia would only speak ten minutes.
Mr. WISE said if there was anything which he
spurned, it was the suspicion of dodging. He
therefore asked the Speaker to inform him what
questions had been taken during his absence.
Which having been done, he said that to-day, for
the first time during the session, he had felt Ihe
"sensation of hunger, his health being bad. He it-
tired to the lower part of the Capitol to snatch a
snack, [A voice: "Bitioas, do you hear that?"] and
while there, he fell into a conversation which de-
tained him from the House for some time. To his
utter astonishment he found, when he returned,
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr C. J.
Inbersoll] on the floor, discussing the merits
of the Secretary of State, the exchequer, and
matters and things in general. As during his ab-
sence the House had voted upon the proposition of
the gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ather-
ton,] and also iy on the resolution of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, and he would not appear
on the journal of the House, he would make a re-
quest of the reporters of both papers to record
nunc pro tunc what would have been his votes in
case he were present. Upon the resolution af the
gentleman from New Hampshire, he should have
voted ay; and secondly, on the proposition of the
Commttiee of Ways and Means, he should have
voted no. He hoped this declaration would vindi-
cate him from any suspicion of dodging. Indeed,
bis constituents, and most of the members of the
House, knew him too well to think he would re-
sort to any such thing.
Had not the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. An-
sold] put a limit upon him worse than the hour
rule, be would go on and show the reason of the
votes he should have given. He stated some of
them yesterday. Nothing could induce him to vote
for such a proposition as that brought in by the
Committee of Ways and Mean?; for he well re-
membered his indignant feelings in 1837, when Mr.
Cambreleng, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, brought m the negative proposition that a
bank of the United States ought not to be estab-
lished. He then held that it was an abandonment
of the legislative duty of Congress with regard to
the currency. Therefore, with the same feelings
of indignation, he would have voted against this
negative proposition, regarding it also as an aban-
donment of the power of Congress over the finan-
ces of the country.
He then referred to the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. J. Ingekscll,] and
raid he should be obliged to that gentleman—who
was so bold as to say that Daniel Webster knew
nothing about finance, judging by his Faneuil Hall
speech—if he had informed the House what was
his substitute for the exchequer.
Mr. C J. INGERSOLL said the law of 1789
with some modifications.
Mr. WISE remarked, that this was anything
but a definition, according to Blackstone, and
would throw open the whole field of experiment
and exploration. The act of 1789 was to be con-
demned on many accounts, as had been remarked
by his friehd from Maryland [Mr. I. D. Jones ]
Moreover, the exchequer itself was hut a proposi-
tion to modify the law of 1789. After some fur-
ther remarks, Mr. W. expressed the hope that the
House would, on to-morrow, go into committee
on the exchequer, calmly discuss it on its own
merits, and decide its fate without party recrimina-
tion, or reference to party objects. His ten min-
utes having expired, he concluded by moving the
previous question.
Mr. POPE requested the gentleman to withdraw
the motion for the previons question for a moment;
and, Mr. Wise (with the approbation of Mr. Ar-
nold) assenting, Mr. P. explained that pressing
and important business prevented him from being
present when the vote was taken. He had no
particular desire to vote on the resolutions, as he
could vole on the exchequer bill, when it came up;
but, as the fentleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise]
bad thought proper to say how he would have vo-
ted, had he been present, be (Mr. P.) would do the
same thing He should have voted for the resolu-
tion, and against the amendment; for, until the 3d
of March next, he was bound to his constituents to
vote for a bank of the United Slates.
Mr. EVERETT then moved to lay the motion
for reconsideration on the table; which was car-
ried, without a division; and
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 28, 1843.
Mr. RIDGWAY presented a memorial, signed
by 41 members of ihe Ohio Legislature, asking
Congress to repeal the law which removed the
sum Tier term ot the circuit and district courts of
the United States from Columbus to Cincinnati:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TILLINGHAST presented certain resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Rhode Island, relative to
the rates of postage.
Mr. GILMER presented a resolution, (which was
agreed to,) calling upon the President of the United
Slates to communicate to this House, it not incom-
patible with the public interests, any information
in possession of Ihe Government as to the negotia-
tion of a treaty, or of overtures to treat, for the ces-
sion of California by Mexico to England.
Mr. BOARDMAN presented a petition on the
subject of the warehousing system.
Mr. PICKENS said there was on the table a
bill from the Senate for the relief of the Petersburg
Railroad Company, which he desired that the
House should now take up; and, if the House
would agree to do so, he pledged himself to move
the previous question, to prevent the consumption
of the time of the House with that subject. The
company wished a decision of the House, one way
or the othr-r.
Mr. COWEN objected, this being private bill
day.
Mr. KEIM presented two petitions, signed by
Wm. Green, Abraham Behm, and one hundred
and fifty highly respectable Democratic citizens of
B rbs county, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to
create $200,000,000 of national stock to be distribu-
ted to the States: referred to the Committee on
Assumption of State Debts.
Mr. READ presented the petition and docu-
ments ot Lois Robinson, praying for bounty land,
or half-pay for five years in lieu thereof: referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Sewall
Lake, and 45 other citizens of Buckvport, Maine,
for an additional duty on sawed lumber, fire-
wood, spars, &c., which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. Also, the petition of
Darius Dickey, of Jonesport, Maine, for remune-
ration for services lendered in the capture of the
British schooner Industry during the late war
with Great Britain; which was referred to the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. 0IDDING3 appealed to the House to take
up the bills on ihe private calendar, yesterday hav-
ing been occupied with a subject which superseded
that order of business.
Mr. CUSHING objected, and moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; avowing his object te be
to move to take up the exchequer bill. He had
been so continuously reproved for not doing this,
that he would in future make the motion daily, un-
til he accomplished his purpose.
Mr PAYNE inquired if the resolution respect-
ing the refunding of the fine of General Jackson,
was not in order during the morning hour.
The SPEAKER replied that it was a part of the
business of the morning hour, if not set aside by
a resolution of the House.
The SPEAKER put the question on the motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ccsh-
ing,] and it was negatived.
Mr. McKENNaN renewed the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] to appro-
priate this day to the piivate calendar.
Tnis: motion was agreed to after being modified,
on the suggestion of Mr. PICKENS, so as to take
effect after the morning hour.
Mr. UNDERWOOD submitted the following
resolution; which was read twice, and committed
to the Committee on Public Lands; after a brief
statement of the necessity which exisied for its
passage.
Resolved by the Senate and Bouse of Representatives
of the Crated States of America in Congress assembled,
Thatm ail case? where a soldier of the last or revolutionary war,
who was entitled to bonnty land, has died without obtaining a
patent for the land, and where application is made by a part of
the heirs of the dec eased soldier for the bounty ian>l, it shall be
the duty of ihe proper officers of the War and Treasury De-
partments to issue the warrant and patent m the name of the
