CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
heirs of the deceased soldier, without specifying each; and the
patent so issued in the name of the heirs generally, shall inure
to the benefit of the whole, in such portions as they are sev-
erally entitled to "by the laws of descent m the State or Teiritory
where the soldier died.
The SPEAKER then called for reports from
committees, and the following were presented:
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York, from the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill for the relief
of Stephen K. Jennings; which was read twice
and committed.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morial of citizens of Ohio, asking a grant of land
in the Oregon Territory, and tbat it be referred to
the special committee heretofore appointed; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported adversely on the petition of
H. M. T. Moss.
Mr. GIDDINGS obtained the discharge of the
Committee of Claims from the petition of citi-
zens of Caynga county, New York, praying
that the fine of General Jackson, which the
President, in his annual message, recommended
should be refunded, should be given to the chil-
dren of John Adams.
He also made an adverse report on the Senate
bill for the relief of Stalker & Hill.
Mr. GORDON, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, made several adverse reports; amongst
which were reports on the petitions of Joseph
Bowler and George Pool.
Mr. BREWSTER, fromthe Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Thomas
H. Brown; which was read twice and commuted.
Mr. TURNBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, moved that it be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of David Jones;
which was agreed to.
Mr. CRANSTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill for the
relief of John Skirving; which was read twice and
referred.
Mr. FILLMORE presented documents from the
War Department, communicating information in
relation to the appropriation for holding a treaty with
the Sioux Indians in 1841, and the authority under
which Governor Doty acted in drawing the drafts
for provisions and goods furnished to the Indians;
which were referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made an adverse report upon the
petition of John H. Howard.
GENERAL JACKSON'S PINE.
This subject next came up in order, on which
Mr. Payne was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOTTS requested permission to make an
explanatory statement. He said it would be recol-
lected that, when the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. C. J. Inoersoll] addressed the House,
some days ago, he laid down the broad principle
that there was no legal authority to punish con-
tempts by attachments, and on that point the gen-
tleman challenged the legal knowledge of that
House. And when he (Mr. Botts) addressed the
House, the gentleman from Pennsylvania asked
him how the common law became the law of
Louisiana; to which he replied, that the common
law became the law of the State of Louisiana,
precisely as it became the law of every other
State in the Union. Since that time, he had met
with an authority on that point, which he wished
to communicate to the House.
He was then understood to quote Gordon's
Digest, article 106, page 480, being the 14th sec-
tion of the judiciary act of 1789.
Mr. PAYNE then resumed the floor, and said, on
rising to address the House on this occasion, he
felt somewhat as a gentleman who addressed the
House a few days ago felt. He had reflected on
this question, and on some parts of it he had wished
to say a few words; but, by the adjournment of it
from day to day, much of what he intended to have
^aid had passed from his recollection, and he should
row find it exceedingly difficult to strike on th 
train of thought which he had chalked out for
himself. Besides, there was another thought in his
mind, when he b:for® wished to address the House
on this subject. Hehad thought that,tnanappeal to
the justice and magnanimity of the House, there
would have been found no difficulty in agreeing to
this proposition; but he had since abandoned that ex-
pectatien. The speech of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Botts] had satisfied him that such
were the trammels of party, that the appeal he had
contemplated would be useless: he should therefore
not appeal to this Congress at all, but he should
look beyond it, to the American people; and in
making his appeal to them—and they were the
fountain of all justice, as of all authority on poli-
tical questions—he had not the slightest doubt that
his appeal would be heard, and that the time
would come when an appeal to that tribunal would
produce an effect which would so operate on this
body as to force the passage of the measure un-
der consideration. When this question was ex-
amined before that tribunal, it would be gaged by
the square of justice; it would not be asked if its
passage would promote the aspirations of any par-
ticular individual for the Presidency, or its adop-
t.on blight the hopes atsd prospects of other am-
bitious aspirants, who may be looking to that ele-
vation. As he had said, it would be gaged by
the square of justice; and the only question that
would be asked would be, was General Jackson
justified in the course he adopted at New Orleans?
Was he justified or not? If he was, they would
at once declare that this fine should be refunded;
but if he was wrong, no human being under
heaven would desire, he (Mr. P.) apprehended,
that it should be done. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Botts] asked where General Jackson
got his authority to declare martial law at New
Orleans; and as the question had been asked, he
would proceed te answer it. He should not con-
tend that either the Constitution or the laws justi-
fitd General Jackson in declaring martial law at
New Orleans: he conceded that point. He would
go further; and admit that, so particular had been
the people of the United States in the adoption of
constitutions, that there was scarcely a constitution
which did not expiessly declare that the military
was subordinate to the civil power; and the Con-
stitution of the United States contained the same
doctrine. Yet, notwithstanding all this, it did not
follow that, in time of war, a case might not arise
in which it was justifiable—nay, in which it was
essential—that a commander should assume the
responsibility of declaring martial law. The pres-
ervation of the army itself, and of the country,
from an invading army, would furnish circum-
stances under which a commander would be justi-
fied m declaring martial law. The ground, then,
on which he predicated the authority of General
Jackson to declare martial law at New Orleans,
were those grounds of self-defence which were
paramount to all written constitutions and laws;
and his defence and justification rested on the ne-
cessity of the measure.
He then cited the instance of the invasion of
Florida by General Jackson at the time the ter-
ritory belonged to the King of Spain, a neutral
power. Tnere was no authority for such invasion.
Yet the country was inhabited by Indians, who
were constantly committing depredations on the
Americans; and who were incited thereto, and sup-
plied with ammunition, by the English. General
Jackson saw the necessity of invading this terri-
tory; for self-preservation was paramount to all
constitutional law. The King of Spain earnestly
protested aga'nst the conduct of General Jackson,
and demanded his removal from command. But
the General, then, had an able champion and de-
fender—a man who should, at least, be authority
on questions of constitutional law with a majority
of this House. He referred to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ] Mr. P. then read
an extract from the complaint of the Spanish min-
ister, and the answer made by Mr. Adams on be-
half of this Government. It was, indeed, difficult
to find a more conclusive and ample defence of
General Jackson, than that made by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. That gentleman then said
that General Jackson was governed by the most
enlarged patriotism, and by a pressing necessity, of
which he alone could be the judge. General Jack-
son did judge; and the consequences of his entrance
into the territory of the neutral King of Spain were
well known.
Now he contended that every principle involved
in the invasion, by General Jackson, of a neutral
territory, was also involved in this declaration of
martial law at New Orleans. The question very
naturally arose, Why was it that the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] who
was formerly so able a champion of General Jack-
son, now turned round, at the end of thirty years,
to become—he had almost said—the reviler and
slanderer of him whom he once so powerfully de-
fended? He would not say that the feeling evinced
by the gentleman had its origin in the political
contest of 1828; but he could tell the gentleman
tbat others less charitable than himself not only
thought such to be the fact, but were not backward
in so declaring.
The next view which he took of the declaration
of martial law by General Jackson, was the ne-
cessity of the case. Upon the establishment of the
necessity of declaring martial law alone depended
the justification of the General. If, therefore, it
could be established that martial law was necessa-
ry when General Jackson declared it, he would de-
mand the passage of this bill to refund the fine.
In order to do this, he must advert to the facts as
related in the history of the times. He read from
Martin's Histery of Louisiana, to show that a
large number of the people of that State weie al-
ways adverse to a change in their government, and
to becoming members of the Confederacy; that
they were disaffected; and that' they were ready to
become traitors when occasion offered. He also
read from the address of the British commander,
when arriving in Louisiana, proclaiming to the
people of Kentucky, Tennessee, and others, that,
should they start aside, they might have money in
abundance, and a good price for their productions.
These patriotic individuals paid no attention to the
proclamation of the British commander; and, for
the honor of humanity, it was to have been hoped
that none would be forced to aid the British com-
mander in circulating his incendiary publication.
But enemies were found who circulated the pamph-
let, and scattered copies of it all over the country
between Mobile and the Mississippi. There were,
besides this, other evidences of the existence of
treason. The Executive continued to inform Gen.
Jackson that the country was filled with enemies
and spies. Even one of the colonels was tainted,
and contemplated a surrender to the British. He
could not say whether the Legislature were infect-
ed or not; but, if he had its journal, he might, per-
haps, put his hand on one or more propositions
that would throw some light on the subject.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] had
said that General Jackson acted merely upon
vague rumor, and had not informed the public
where he derived his information of the treason
which existed. The gentleman from Virginia, it
would be remembered, informed the House that he
never read but one law book m his life. From
this remark, it would be nothing more than natu-
ral to suppose that he had been equally negligent
in reading the history of his country. He (.Mr.
P.) made n® such charge, because everybody knew
that the gentleman from Virginia was very well
vetsed in the history of this country.
Mr. BOTTS said, that what he observed on a
former occasion was, that General Jackson had
not given any reasons for his suspicion of the ex-
istence of treason, so far as he (Mr. B.) had yet
ascertained.
Mr. PAYNE remarked that he was proceeding
on the supposition that the gentleman had omitted
to read the history of the tifnes. It would have
certainly been improper in General Jackson to
take ihe course he did, wiihout controlling reasons.
Mr. BOTTS here inquired what history the
gentleman had got his intormation from.
Mr. PAYNE said from Martin's History of
Louisiana
Mr. BOTTS said he had never read that book.
Mr. PAYNE resumed, and read a passage con-
taining information of the treason then in progress,
communicated to General Jackson by Colonel
Duncan. He also read (to show that General
