CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21$
An act for the relief of Win. De Peyster and
Henry N. Cruger.
An act to regulate enlistments in the army,
navy, and marine corps.
An act to amend the charter of the town of Al-
exandria.
Att act for the relief of Richard Henry Wilde.
The bill for the relief of the Petersburg Railroad
Company, was taken up; and, on the question of
its passage;
Mr. RANDOLPH called for the yeas and nays;
Which being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 55,
nays 92. The bill was, therefore, rejected.
Mr. GIDDINGS then moved that the House go
into committee, for the purpose of taking up the
private calendar; which motion was agreed to, and
Mr. McKeiunn took the chair.
A joint resolution for the relief of Benj. Ogle
Tayloe was taken up and read.
Mr. WM. SMITH said he must object to the
resolution, uDtil he heard some reason for its
adoption. The resolution was, therefore, passed
over.
Also, a bill for the relief of the wardens of St.
Paul's Church, Philadelphia, was passed over, un-
der objection by the same gentleman.
The following bills were laid aside to be report-
ed:
A bill for the relief of Charles Waldron.
A bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay.
A bill for the relief of Jacob White.
A bill for the relief of George B. Johnson.
A bill for the relief of Jacob Gray.
A bill for the relief of the sureties of Samuel
Swartwout.
A bill for the relief of Mary B.irry.
A bill for the relief of Alexander Mitchell.
[This bill was objected toby Mr. MERIWETH-
ER; but, at the earnest appeal of Mr. STEEN-
ROD, the objection was withdrawn.]
A bill for the relief of Ann W. Angus.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Gresbam.
A bill for the relief of Elizabeth Power?.
A bill for the relief of George A. Winslow.
I A bill for ihe relief of Mary Pike.
A bill for the relief of Jeremiah Kimball.
A bill for the relief of J. R. Vienne.
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Robert A. Kelly.
A bill for the relief of W. S. Eveleth.
A bill granting the right of pie-emption to cer-
tain settlers in Wisconsin.
A bill for the relief of P. Smith and James
Young.
A joint resolution for the benefit of P. M.
Lewis.
A joint resolution for the benefit of Mary Ncal.
A bill for ihe relief of Jacob Miller.
A bill for the relief of David Munn.
A bill for the rehet ot Simuel Edgecnmb.
A bill for ihe relief of Nancy Wilson.
A bill for the relief of the Nantucket Steamboat
Company.
A bill for the relief of D. and J. Wilkinson.
A bill for the relief of Andrew Fisher.
A bill for the relief of Gamaliel E. Smith.
A bill for the relief of William Street.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hoffman.
A bill for the relief of Samuel Dicy.
A bill for the relief of Jane McGuire.
A bill for the relief of Sampson Brown.
A bill for the relief of William Patterson.
A bill for the relief of Maria Fowler.
A bill for the reliet of Mary Rhinalt.
A bill for the relief of Richard Sneed.
A bill for the relief ot Thomas Weaver and Ja-
cob Heybeiger, sureties of the Norristown and
Valley Railroad Company.
A bill for the relief of S and M. Riehe.
A bill for the relief of John Hodgkm.
A bill for the relief of Thomas H- Brown.
A bill for the relief of Samuel R. Jennings.
A bill for the relief of John Skirving.
A bill fur the relief of Rebecca Guest.
The following bills were passed over, objections
severally being made:
A bill for the relief of Daniel Homans.
A bill for the relief of Stalker and Hill.
The adverse report upon the petition of General
Hernandez was passed over without action.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, the committee
then rose, and reported the several bills above
mentioned as laid aside to the House.
The said bills were, with some exceptions noted
below, ordered to their engrossment, and then read
a third time, and passed conjointly by one vote of
the House. - , ' .
The following bills, though reported, were laid
over, under objections made in the House:
A bill for the relief of Alexander Mitchell.
A bill for the relief of John Skirving.
A bill for the relief of Thomas Weaver and Ja-
cob Heyberger.
A bill (from the Senate) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to make a compromise with
any of the sureties of Samuel Swartwout on his of-
ficial bond as collector of the port of New York.
Mr. C. JOHNSON moved to recommit the bill
for the relief of the Norristown Railroad Company;
which was not agreed to; but, as objection was
made to the bill, it went over.
On the motion of Mr. McKENNAN, the bill
for the relief of the inhabitants of West Florida,
which was the special order for to-day, and on
which Mr. Levy, having the floor, intended to ad-
dress the House, was made the special order for
Friday next.
OFFICERS IN THE BALTIMORE CUSTOM-
HOUSE.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY submitted the following
resolution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform this House whether any addition has been made to the
number of officers attached to the Baltimore custom house, or
to any department thereof, since the 1st of September, 1841;
arid if any addition has been made, that the Secretary of the
Ticasury be further directed to report to this House the names
of such additional officers ashavebeen appointed since the date
above mentioned, the nature of their duties respectively, their*
day, and the date of their appointment. That the Secretary
of trie Trea&ury also inform this House what necessity existed,
in the affairs of the custom-house of Baltimore, for any such
addition to the officers thereof; and whether the said addition
was recommended by the collector, or by any other officer of
the customs of Baltimore; and if recommended by any other,
by whom.
COMMANDERS IN THE NAVY.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following joint reso-
lution;
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the (Jriitcd Stales in Congress assembled, Thai,the first pro-
viso to the first section of the act entitled ,lAn act making ap-
propiidtions for the naval service tor the year 1812," approved
August 4th, 1842, be, and the same is hereby, so modified, as to
allow of the addition, by promotion, of four commanders m
the navy above the number limited and ptesenbed by the pro-
viso aforesaid; and if the addition shall be made to the
number of commandeis as contemplated by this lesolution,
ho further addition shall then be made to the number of com-
manders* in the navy until the whole number shall be again re-
duced to thai authorized and limited by tlio law hereby modi-
fied,
Mr. MF.R1WETHK.R objected.
Mr. ADAMS said, as objection was made,it was
necessary that he should state that its object was to
enable the President and the Senate to promute
the commander of the late exploring expedition.
There were now four officers who bad precedence
of L;eutenant Wilkes, whom it was necessary to
promote before that officer could be honored for
his services m an expedition which was productive
of so much good to the country.
After a few words from Mr. MALLORY, Mr.
MERIWETHER, and Mr. ADAMS, the tesolu-
lion was read twice, and committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
DEFALCATIONS.
Mr. BURNELL submitted the following reso-
lution, and it was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and ho
hereby is, directed to report to this House annually all cases
wherein any officer of the Government has (ailed to settle his
accounts for the current year, the causeof the same, and what
proceedings have been directed in each of such cases; also, all
defalcations which may have taken place during the cuirent
year, and the proceedings in relation thereto.
Mr. J. C. CLARK, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the
examination and survey of the harbor of Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was read twice, and com-
mitted.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 30, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Stale Department,
transmitting documents received by the Caledonia,
from United States consuls abroad, showing, in.
compliance with a resolution of the Senate of
August last, the cost of articles imported into the
United States, during the months of July, August,
and September last, at the ports from whence im-
ported, &c.; which, on motion of Mr. HUNTING-
TON, was ordered to lie on the table for the pres-
ent.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the
26.h inst., a copy of the report of an officer of the
topographical engineers, on the subject of an iron
pile light for Bartlett's reef, in Long Island Sound;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Memorials were presented by Mr. EVANS,
from Thomaston, Newcastle, and Nobleborough,
Maine; by Mr. CRAFTS, from Montpelier, Ver-
mont; by Mr. SIMMONS, from Newport, Rhode
Island; from shipowners, merchants, and others,
engaged in commerce and navigation, representing
that the mercantile navigation of the United States
has suffered materially from the effects of the ex-
isting treaties, and the arrangements between the
United States and Great Britain, the Hanseatic
Republics, France, Holland, Denmark, Russia, and
Sweden, respectively; and that those treaties and
arrangements termed reciprocal have not proved
reciprocal to tbe navigation of the United States;
and asking that Congress would, so far as the
treaties pel mitted, make regulations which would
prove more reciprocal; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS presented two memorials from
citizens of Maine engaged in the lumber trade,
asking that a specific duty may be levied, greater
than the duty ot the present tariff, on certain kinds
of lumber imported from New Brunswick and Nova
Scotia: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. MILLER presented a memorial fr®m citi-
zens of the State of Pennsylvania, in which they
state that they are very much in want of a proper
currency, and ask Congress to issue $200,000,000
of scrip, based on the proceeds of ihe sales of the
pubi c lands, to be divided among the States and
Territories, as a proper and ready means of relief:
referied to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from Sarah
Williamson, a widow of a deceased revolutionary
soldier, complaining of the construction by the de-
paitrnent of ihe pension act of July 7, 1838, by
which she has been excluded from its benefit; and
asking Congress to pass an act reversing that con-
struction, to enable her to obtain a pension: referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, presented a memorial from members of
the bar and citizens of New Jersey, complaining
of the inconvenience resulting to ihem in conse-
quence of the sessions of the United States courts
being held is Burlington and New Brunswick, and
praying the passage of a law authorizing them to
be holden at Trenton for the future: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented six memorials
from the city and county of Philadelphia, asking
CoRgress to restore to Mr. Kendall his personal
liberty, of which he has been deprived in conse-
quence of the verdict rendered aga nst him by the
district court of the United States for the District
of Columbia, in favor of Stockton & Stokes, for
conscientiously discharging his official duty to the
United States, under his oa'h of ofiioe as Postmaster
General.
Mr. B. remarked that he would only say that he
believed, with the memorialists, that Congress
should not permit Mr. Kendall thus to be deprived
of his personal liberty for conscientiously dischar-
ging his duty to his Government by protecting its
interests. He hoped, therefore, that the Judiciary
Committee, to which he proposed to refer it, would
forthwith report a bill granting the relief petitioned
for. [Mr. B, was here told that memorials hereto«
