220
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fote presented on this subject bad been referred to
the Committee on Claims.] He believed, not-
withstanding such reference, that the proper refer-
ence would be to the Judiciary Committee. It was
properly a judicial question, and the remedy should
come from that committee.
The memorials were then referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BAG BY presented a petition from Farley
D. Thompson, asking to be relieved from liabili-
ties incurred as surety for Chillon White, late poit-
jgaster at Lagrange, Alabama: referred to ihe
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BERRIEN presented a memorial from the
Central Railroad and Banking Company, asking
remission of duties on such railroad iron as may be
imported for the use of that company before the 1st
of March, provided it be laid down within the
present year: referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented a memorial from
certain persons of the United States residing in the
State of Pennsylvania, ascribing all the distress
and embarrassments of the country to the want of
a proper and sufficient currency; and, as a remedy
for these evils, they recommend that on the lands now
unsold §200,000,000 of stock be issued to the States
and Territories by ihe United States, and that the
proceeds of the sales of these lands be pledged to the
redemption of the same: refened to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. McDUPFIE presented resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of South Carolina, against the
tariff passed at th  last session of Congress; whicti
were referred to the Committee on Finance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a preamble and
resolutions of the General Assembly of the State of
Illinois, (which were ordered to be printed,) ex-
pressing the opinion—
1. That the present tariff of duties should be
modified, and that duties should be imposed with
a view to revenue, and protesting against the
principle of distribution.
2. That the repeal of the independent treasury
was precipitate, unwise, and injurious.
, 3. That a bank of the United States is uncon-
stitutional, inexpedient, and ought not to be re-es-
tablished.
Mr. SIMMONS presented certain resolutions of
the General Assembly of Rhode Island, on the sub-
ject of the reduction of postage on letters; which
were ordered to lie on ihe table and be printed, a
bill having been reported for that object.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial, signed by
369 citizens of Louisville, Kentucky, asking for
the extension of a portion of ihe laws of the Uni-
ted States over the Oregon Territory, for grants of
land, and for the erection of military posts there:
ordered to lie on the table, a bill for the purpose be-
ing now before the Senate.
>f Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
Samuel Raub, in which be represents that he has
discovered an effectual mode of preventing ihe ex-
plosion of steam-boilers; and with a view to make
the apparatus (for which he has a patent) fres to
every citizen of the United States, and cause a
knowledge of it to be disseminated to every part
of the Union, whether for boats, slati-nary en«mes
or otherwise, he prays Congiess to purchase the'
patent: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLER, from the Commiitee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Darnel G. Skinner;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
with an amendment, House bill entitled "An act
further to continue in force the act for the pay mem
of horses and other property lost in ihe military
service of the United S.ates."
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, House bills for the relief of'
Richard Rush, and for the relief of James S. Cal-
houn.
Also, made a report (which was ordered to be
printed) adverse to the passage of the bill for the
relief of James Taylor, and for other purposes.
Mr. WALKER, f out the Committee on Public
L^nds, reported a bill for the relief of John Hutch-
ins; which was read, and oidered to a second read-
ing.
Also, from the same committee, to which were
referred the resolutions direcling an inquiry into
the expediency of authorizing the State of Missis-
sippi to appropriate §25,000 of the two per cent,
fund belonging to her to the completion of the
railroad from Jackson to Brandon, reported a bill
in relation to said fund; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
for the relief of Charles Gordon, owner of the
schooner Two Sons, and the legal representatives
of the crew of said vessel.
Mr. LINN presented a petition from Elias
Knight and 103 others, of Calais, Maine, asking
aid for removing to, and settling in, the Territory of
Oregon; which was ordered to he on the table-
On motion of Mr. KING, the bill for the relief
of Francis Pellicer was taken up, and recommitted
to (he Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. CONRAD, from ihe Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill for the relief of John R.
Williams; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from L. Pome-
roy, and 174 other citizens of Pittsfield, Massachu-
setts, praying for the repeal of the bankrupt law:
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut,
leave was granted to withdraw from the files the
memorial and documents of C. Fox. -
The following bills were read the third time and
passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of William Russell and
others.
House bill for the relief of the owners and crew
of the schooner Twin.
Engrossed bill entitled "An act for the relief of
the West Feliciana Railroad and Banking Com-
pany, and the Grand Gulf Railroad Company,
came up on its third reading; but was postponed on
thesuggestionof Mr. BUCHANAN, who had made
application at Ihe Treasury Department for infor-
mation as to the effect of the bill on the revenues.
Tbe bill to prevent the employment of private
expresses upon mail routes, and for the prevention
of frauds upon the revenues of the Post Office De-
partment. was then taken up as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. HENDERSON (who, when this bill was
under consideration on Friday last, contended that
some of its provisions were unconstitutional) ad-
mitted to-day, after further examination of ihe
subject, ihat its provisions might be constitutional,
yet he thought it was stretching the power of the
Constitution unnecessarily. He would not say,
then, that the bill violated the Constitution in any
particular provision; but he would say that it was
not doing a proper thing m an easy and proper
manner. He approved of the bill so far as its
object went to secure to the Post Office Department
its legitimate revenue, by suppressing these private
expresses on the mail routes, and preventing the
transportation of miiilable matter out of the reg-
ular mail; but he thought it was interfering too
much with individual rights to attempt to accom-
plish that object by imposing a penalty on the
owner or owners of every stage-coach, railroad
car, steamboat, or other vehicle or vessel, which
shall, with the knowledge of any owner or owners,
in whole or in part, or with the knowledge or con-
nivance of the driver, conductor, captain, or other
person having charge of any such stage coach,
railroad car, steamboat, or other vessel or vehicle,
convey or transport any person or persons acting
or employed as a private express for the conveyance
of letters, packets, or packages of letters, or other
mailable matter. If they had a right to impose a
penalty on the owners of steamboats, stages, and
railroads, for transporting any individual as a pas-
senger, (which it is the duty of some cf them by
ihe laws of the States to do,) on ihe mere suspicion
that the individual was employed as a private ex-
press; they had the right to go farther, and impose
a penalty on landlords on such roads who might
entertain or harbor ?aid individual.
He was opposed to all force laws which ran loo
much into the regulations ef civil society. He
would always raise his voice against extending
unnecessarily this interdict on society. The man-
ner proposed was not the one most necessary and
proper. He was in favor of the object of the bill,
but was opposed to Congress laying out its arms
to exercise the power of dictating to the owners of
the railroads and steamboats whom they shall or
shall not transport as passengers. He argued that
the bill went far enough in the second section—as
far as he was disposed to go—by enacting
"That it shall not be lawful for any stage-coach, roadroad car'
steamboat, packet-boat, or other vehicle or vessel, nor any of
the owners, managers, servants, or crews of either, which reg-
ularly performs trigs at stated periods on a post route, or be-
tween two or more cities, towns, or other places, from one to
the other of which the United States mail is regularly conveyed
under the authority of the Post Office Department, to transport
or convey, otherwise than in the mail, any letter or letters,
packet or package of letters, or other mailable matter whatso-
ever, except such as may have relation to some part of the cargo
of such steamboat, packet-boat, or other vessel, or to some ar-
ticle at ihe same time conveyed by the samestage-coach, rail-
road car, or other vehicle. And for every such offence the
owner or owners of the stage-coach, railroad car, steamboat,
packet-boat, or othervehicle or vessel, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of one hundred dollars—one half to the use of the informer,
and the other half to the use of the Post Office Department—to
be recovered by action of debt, or by indictment or information,
in any courtnf competent jurisdiction in the United States; and
the driver, captain, conductor, or person having charge of any
such stage-coach, railroad car, steamboat, packet-boat, or other
vehicle or vessel, at the time of the commission of any such of.
fence, and who shall not at that time be the owner thereof, in
whole or in part, shall, in like manner, forfeit and pay, in every
such case of offence, the sum of fifty dollars, to the like uses,
and to be lecovered in like manner, as is above provided in the
case of the owner or owners.
Mr. MERRICK was glad to find that the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, upon furlher examination of
the bill, was willing to admit that there could be
no constitutional objection to its provisions. He
hoped that that Senator agreed with him also as to
the importance of some legislation, to prevent the
growing evil which the bill was intended to remedy.
Mr. M. then went on to show that, unless the sec-
ond section was agreed to, tbe object of the passage
of the bill would be defeated; that frauds would
be still perpetiated, and the department deprived
ef a great pordon of its revenues. Individual
rights were as well guarded as they could be in the
second section of ihe bill, and at the same time to
reach and suppress the evil complained of. That
section had no application to any individual, ex-
cept the person who might notoriously be employed
as an agent for ci. nveying mailable matter by private
express; for it provides that—
"Nothing in this act contained shall be construed to prohibit
the conveyance or transmission of letters, packets, or pack-
ages, or other matter, to any part of the United States, by pri-
vate hands, no compensation being tendered nor received there-
for In any way; or by a special messenger employed only for
the single particular occasion."
Mr. M. then spoke at much length, pointing out
the many frauds on the department through those
piivate expresses, which had been placed on all
the most profitable mail routes, and actually came
so much in competition with the Government, by
carrying mailable matter at one-third less than the
Government, as to deprive the department of the
gieatest portion of its revenues; and thereby dis-
abled it from reducing the rates of postage, which
was so much desired by the people, and from ex-
tending greater facilities lo the more remote and
sparsely populated sections of the Union. He, in
conclusion, said, that unless these private expresses
were suppressed, and the Government had a mo-
nopoly of mailable matter, the Post Office De-
partment would soon become a burden on the pub-
lic treasury.
The morning hour having expired,
On motion of Mr. LINN, the bill was passed
over informally; and the Senate proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being
THE OREGON BILL.
Mr. ARCHER, in a speech of considerable
length, contended against the passage of the bill in
its present sbapc. He replied to the arguments of
Messrs. Linn, Bentom, and Woodbury, and con-
cluded by recommending the recommittal of the
bill to tbe Committee on Foreign Relations, or com ■
mittee of the whole, for tbe purpose of having it
amended, by striking out ihat part which relates to
the granting of lands to settlers.
Mr. YOUNG remarked that it was not his in-
tention to detain the Senate long with the few ob-
servations he had to make, as the very elaborate
