CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
raised for that purpose on the resolution of tbe gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson,]
he would move to refer these^ reports to the same
committee.
' Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL would merely
say, that though tbe references of this subject to
the Committee of Ways and Means and the select
committee were of tbe same character, yet they
were not identical. These reports were based on
memorials, which were referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means prior to the reference of the
same subject to the Select Committee.
Mr. PICKENS hoped tbat,. before the question
was put on the gentleman's motion, the minority
would be allowed to make their report. [Great
confusion in the hall, and a dozen members on the
floor.]
Mr. CUSHING inquired what the question was.
Was it on printing the extra copies?
Mr. PICKENS said, No. The proposition was
to pass tbat question over informally.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont was to refer the reports to
the Select Committee; but the first question would
be on printing the ordinary number of copies.
Mr. BRIGGS called for the previous question.
Mr. CUSHING and several others rose to ask a
question. [Repeated calls to order,] If his col-
league (Mr. C. said,) persisted in holding on to the
previous question before he knew what u was, he
would insist on the reading of the reports.
The question on seconding the previous question
was put and carried, and the main question was
also ordered.
The SPEAKER was about putting the main
question, when
Mr. CUSHING insisted on his right to have the
reports read. He had no idea of half a doz*n
gentlemen calling the previous question on him, be-
fore he knew what the question was.
Mr. TOLAND called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said that the reports were re-
ceived by general consent, and must override the
orders of the day.
Mr. READ appealed from the decision of the
Chair; but, upon explanation, withdrew the ap-
peal.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
The SPEAKER said lhat, if the gentleman from
Massachusetts insisted on the reading of the reports,
they must be read before taking any question.
Mr. CUSHING said that, if the House would
allow him to ask a question, he would agree to
dispense with the reading. [Cries of "Order, order."]
The Clerk then read the report of the majority;
when
Mr. READ called for the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER said that the motion lo print
was pending, and must have the preference.
Mr. EVERETT m^ved to lay the question of
printing ou the table; which motion was put, and
negatived.
The question on printing the ordinary number
of copies was then put, and carried.
Mr. EVERETT again moved to refer the re-
ports to the Select Committee raibed on the resolu-
tion of Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson.
The SPEAKER reminded the gentleman from
Vermont that his motion had been cut off by the
previous question.
Mr. EVERETT said that that was on the ques-
tion of printing only; that being decided, his mo-
tion was now renewed, and in order.
Mr. TOLAND said that he had called for the
orders of the day previous to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Vermont.
After some conversation between the SPEAK-
ER and Messrs. TOLAND and EVERETT,
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Toland] was right, and that
the motion of the gentleman from New York must
lie over for the present.
[The majority report being too long to be copied
for this evening's paper, the reporter contents him-
self for the present with giving the report of the
minority, as follows:]
The minority of the Committee ofWaya and Means, assent-
ing to most of the reasons and to the conclusions presented m
the report of the majority againstthe prayer of the memoiial-
ists, asking the Federal Government to issue $200,000,000 of
public stock in aid of the debts of the States, would also urge,
in addition,, (without pretending to go into anything like a full
development of their reasons,) that they deem the exercise of
such a power on the part of the General Government undMhor.
ized by the Constitution.
The minority have always been induced to believe that the
Federal Constitution was a compact to which the States acce-
ded, and became parties; and that the powers of the Govern-
ment accrued from .that compact, and were defined in it. Be-
fore Congress is authorized to act upon any subject-matter, it
must first be such a subject, over which power is specifically
granted in that instrument, or clearly to be inferred aa abso-
lutely necessary to carry out some granted power. They can
see no positive grant of power to Congress to authorize them to
do what the memorialists desire."
To assume such a debt, and to create such a stock, binding
upon posterity, is a very high exercise of sovereign power, and
is, io itself, independent and substantive, and cannot be inferred
as incidental to a grant over inferior subjects.
There is a clause in the Constitution which declares that
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises, ana provide for the common defence and
general welfare of the United States." (Sec. 5.) This power
was not given to pay the debts of the several States of this
Union, but to pay the debts of the " United StatesThese
words define the confederacy of States as a whole, and as con-
tradistinguished from the separate and independent States. To
assume tbat this power was given to authorize the Govern-
ment to pay the debts of the separate States, contra ctcd solely for
their benefit and for their local purposes, is to allow the different
States to contract debts, and, through the Federal Government,
to bind others to pay them; which would make this Govern-
ment subservient to local interests and to State authority, and
absorb "the general welfare of the United States." It this
should be the established principle of the Government, it
would be directly stimulating each State into a wild career of
reckless speculation, which would inevitably end m their sep-
arate existence, or in a consolidated despotism, where even their
boundaries would be forgotten amid the universal despair lhat
would follow the overthrow of constitutional liberty.
The terms "general welfare," in the Constitution, were de-
signed as a mere declaration of extreme caution; and the true
intent and meaning of those who used them was, that they
shouldbea limitation to the apparently absolute and uncon-
trolled power given in the same clause—l'to lay and collect tax-
es," "to pay the debts," &c. It was intended that this power
should not be used wantonly or unjustly; hut that Congress
should strictly consult the "general welfare of the United States,"
and carry out the same only by confining its full exercise to ob-
jects specially enumerated m that instrument, and which are
thereby declared to be national. These powers were not in-
tended to be applied to local interests, or to State debts; but to
those great national objects which were specifically declaied by
grants of power to be within the jurisdiction of the General
Government.
It is not denied that this Government is one of limited pow-
ers, and that tbe Constitution is intended to define those pow-
eia. By merely assuming that it is national, you cannot effect
objects not cnumeiated,or not essentially necessary to those that
are. The convention has precisely defined those objects or
powers that are national, and Congress cannot legally undeitake
to declare what shall also be national for other purposes not
defined in the Constitution.
To do so, is to do nothing more nor less than to claim that
Congress shall setup its own discretion os to the object1? of
"general welfare," instead of confining its action to the specific
enumerated powers of the Constitution itself If the "general
welfare" be the only limitation on the discieticm of Coiigiess,
why then any enumeration of powers at all? All powor w.w
at once given, and the judgment of Congress was thneby de-
claied to be the Constitution of the confederacy. What right
have ytf to set aside tho judgment of tbe convention? They
chose by enumerating the powers, to show what were intended
to he national objects; and the very enumeration excludes the
idoaof legislation upon subjects not enumeiated
The minority consider the proposition to pledge tbe faith of
this Government lor the redemption of $'200,000,000 of public
stock to relievo the States, or pay iheir debts, as involving the
whole taxing powerofthn Government.
It is a proposition to tax posterity, not for the existence and
independence of the confederacy, but for purposes unknown to
the Constitution, and at war with those principles of liberty
which secure to a free people the practical right to tax- them-
selves alone, and to be protected fiom the lawless profligacy
ol those who may have assumed to bind them in all future
time
In all civilized countries, the line which limits the power of
Government as to taxation, is the line that defines enlightened
liberty. There are some of the States that owe nothing, and
many but little; and to compel them to become jointly liable,
by the action of this Federal Government, for the debts of the
other Siate^, would be an act of such gross injustice to them,
that it would create feelings hostile to ihe permanency of the
Union. Thestreneth oj our Union consists in the Government
acting with wise forbearance vpon subjects of doubtful i/n-
1)oi t—in doinu, exact justice to all the parties— in ??nposir? -
equal burdens—and mildly shedding around eqt/al blessings
vpon all. By such a course, it wiii generate leelmgs of de-
voted attachment in a loyal and fiee people, who will be ever
ready todeiend it from aggressions abroad, or from treason at
home.
The strength of the Government does not consist m arbi-
trary or great power, but in the attachment of an intelligent
people to those great principles which make them free and
equal. If the Government assumes a doubtful power, the ex
eicise of which creates palpable injustice to whole communi-
ties', i's operation will alienate the feelings of those who suffer,
and loosen the bonds that keep the confederacy together.
The creation of such a Government debt would only end in
taxing the productive industry of the country for the benefit of
stockholders and speculators. Those who deal in Government
funds, and live by the fluctuations of paper, might amass for-
tunes; but the great laboring class would be beyond the reach
of its benefits, whilst they would be made finally to feel its bur
dens, in the future taxation of the Government to meet the vast
obligations thus incurred. It is wild and visionary to suppose
that the creation of such stock would add anything to the na-
tional wealth. It would only tend to make the industrious and
solvent liable for the debts of the abandoned and profligate.
The first immediate effect would be to swell expansion, and {
stimulate a bloated paper currency, which would be felt in
foreign exchanges setung against us, and a consequent demand
for gold and silver to adjust balances. It would place our local
currency above the level of the currency of the world, and create
a drain for our specie to equalize it. This, of course, would
inevitably cr.d in explosion, like the Mississippi bubble or the
French assignats. Without intending to go into a full argu-
ment, but merely to suggest the general grounds of opposition,
the minority look upon the whole scheme as unconstitutional,
wild, and visionary, and full of fraud and the grossest injus-
tice.
The undersigned, therefore, propose that the resolution of
the committee be amended, by adding thereto the following
words:
Resolved, further^ That, to adopt the recommendations of
the said memorials, would be unconstitutional, and dangerous
to the harmony of the Union.
F. W. PICKENS,
JOHN W. JONES,
C. G ATHERTON.
Mr. WISE moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ADAMS hoped that resolutions would be
received.
The SPEAKER said that a- majority of the
House could deiermihe whether it would go into
Committee of the Whole, or receive resolutions.
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
motion, which were ordered; and, the qaeslion
was taken, resuming in yeas 107, nays 83, as
follows:
YEA©—Messrs. Allen, Arnngton, Atherton, Barnard, Barton,
Beeson, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster, Briggs, Biockway, Aaron V.
Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Burnellj William Butler, Green
W. Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Cary, Chapman, Clifford,
Clinton, Coles, Colquitt, Cowen, Cushing, Daniel, Dawson,
Dean, Deberry, Doan, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Ferris,
John G.Floyd, Charles A.Floyd, romance, Gamble, Gates,
Gerry, Giddings, Gilmer, William O. Goode, Granger, Gustine,
Harris, Hastings, Hopkins, Houston, Hubard, Charles J. In-
eersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack, William Cost Johnson, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones. Isaac D. Jones, Keim, King, Little-
field, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, McKay, Mclteon, Mallocy,
Marchand, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Mattocks, Mas-
well, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Oliver, Parmenter,
Partridge, Payne, Pearce, Pickens, Pope, Reding, Rencher,
Reynolds, Riggs,Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Sewell,
Steemod, Sumter, Sweney, Taliaferro, Jacob Thompson, Til-
linghast, Trotti, Turney, Van Buren, Watterson, Weller, West-
brook, Christopher II. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Win-
thiop, Wide, and Wood—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Birdseye, Blair,
Boardman, Borden, Botts, Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah
Brown, Calhoun, John Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Childs,
Chittenden, Staley N. Clarke, Cranston, Garrett Davis, Rich-
ard D Davis, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A.
Law rence Foster, Thos. F. Foster, Gentry, Gordon, Graham,
Green, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R,
Ingersoll, James Irvin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lane, JLinn,
McKennan, Mathiot, Maynard, Meriwether, Morgan, Osborne,
Owsley, Pendleton, Powell, Ramsey, Rayner, Read, Ridgway,
Rodney, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Slacle, Truman Smith, Snyder, Stanly, Stratton, Alex. ii. h.
Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, John B. Thompson, Rich-
aid W. Thompson, Toland, Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood,
Wallace, Edward D White, Joseph L. "While, Yorke, Augustus
Voung, and John Young—83.
So (he Houte resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union—Mr. Hopkins
of Virginia in the chair.
EXCHEQUER.
Mr. WISE moved that the committee lay aside
the array bill, which was firf.t in order in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and take up the bill No. 20G,
amendatory of the several acts establishing the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FILLMORE had certainly do objections to
the consideration of that bill, but he thought the
army bill should be firtt disposed of.
Mr. WISE begged leave to remind the gentle-
man that the army bill was postponed for a week,
to make way frr a negative resolution.
Mr. ARNOLD moved ihat the committee take
tip his bill to lednee the pay of members of Con-
gress and of the officers of the Government, He.
thought his bill much more important than either
of the others.
Mr KiLLMORE called for tellers, which were
ordeied, (Messis. Mooke and Strattonj) who, on
coaming, repotted ayes 71, noes 82.
So the ccmmit'ee refused to take up the ex-
chrquer bill.
ARMY BILL.
The committee resumed the consideration of
the bill making appropriations for the army; the
question bung on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Reynolds, to strikeout the appropriation of
§20,000 for surv-ejswest ofthe Mississippi, and in-
sert $30,000 for a survey of a military road from
