228
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
John McGinnis; which was read twice, and refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole House.
REPORT ON GJEN, JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. PEARCE asked leave to make a report,
from tbe Committee on the Judiciary, on the sub-
ject of refunding the fine imposed on Major Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson. He said he was instructed
to move the printing of five thousand extra copies.
Mr. RAYNER said that, inasmuch as this was
one of the leading measures of the session, he
should ask for the reading of the report of the
committee. **
Objection having been made, at the suggestion
of the Speaker the presentation of the report was
deferred until the Judiciary Committee should be
called in its turn.
SCHOOL LANDS IN THE WEST.
Mr. CASEY, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, reported Senate bill No. 33, entitled "An
act to authorize the Legislatures of Illinois, Arkan-
sas, Louisiana, and Tennessee to sell the lands
heretofore appropriated for the use of schools in
said States."
Mr. C. asked that the bill might be now parsed,
as it was important to three or four States, and had
several times passed the Senate.
Objection having been made, Mr. C. moved the
previous question on ordering the bill to a third
reading.
Mr. HOWARD objected to the bill, and moved
that it be laid on the table.
Mr. STUART of Illinois wished to speak, but
"was prevented by the state of the question before
the House.
The question was then taken, and the House re-
fused to lay on the table—ayes 48, noes 126.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
The question recurring on the demand for the
previous question, it was seconded by the House,
and the main question was ordered.
The main question being on the third reading of
the bill,
Mr. HOWARD of Michigan addressed Ihe
House at some length in opposition to it.
Mr. STEWART of Illinois replied.
Mr. A. V. BROWN moved the previous question,
and it was seconded. The main question was
then ordered to be put. On the passage of the bill
the yeas and nays were called for, but not ordered.
Tellers were then called for, and ordered; and
Messrs. Snyder and Granger were appointed, anil
they reported 70 in the affirmative, and 61 in the
negative; so the bill was passed.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported, with some amendments, Sei ale
bill to provide for ascertaining and disposing of
the lead mineral lands in the Slates of Illinois and
Arkansas, and Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa,
and tor other purposes. It was committed to the
Committee of the Whole, and the amendments
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRONSON, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill to authorize the investiga-
tion of alleged frauds under the pre-emption laws,
and for other purposes; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. PEARCE, from tbe Judiciary Committee,
moved that the report which was this morning
laid on the Clerk's desk, respecting the refunding
ef General Jackson's fine, together with the minor-
ity report of the committee made at the last session,
be printed, and that there be printed 5,000 extra
copies.
Objectionwasma.de, and the usual number only
was ordered.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Judiciary Committee,
reported Senate bill to authorize the settlement of
the accounts of Joseph Nourse, with an adverse re-
port thereon. The bill, together with the report,
was committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on Revohi.
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Burress; which was read twice, ar.d com-
mitted.
Mr. CROSS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Ihe
heirs and legal representatives of John Peters, de-
ceased; which was read twice, and committed.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SAMSON MASON asked the House to
take up and dispose of the army appropriation
bill, on which the previous question was yesterday
ordered. He made this request for the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Mean?, who was
indisposed this morning; and he hoped the House
would allow the bill to be disposed of, for there
were only about twenty-one days remaining of the
session, after deducting those days assigned to
special orders. It was, therefore, very desirable
tfa&t the House should now consent to act.
The bill was taken up by general consent.
The amendment of the committee making an.
appropriation for extending and rendering more
complete the meteorological survey, was not con-
curred in.
The amendment requiring individuals to be
hereafter appointed as cadets, to be actual residents
of the congressional district of the State or Terri-
tory from which the appointment purports to be
made, was concurred in.
Mr. McKENNAN called for the yeas and nays
on the question of concurrence with the amend-
ment, which provides that hereafter there shall
not be a board of visiters at the West Point
Academy, nnless otherwise ordered by Congress;
and being ordered, they resulted—yeas 109, nays
51.
So the amendment of the committee was agreed
to.
The next amendment of the committee provided
that the number of cadets should be limited to the
number of members and delegates in Congress.
The amendment was concurred in; also the
amendment striking out the appropriat on for the
board of visiters.
The amendments having been passed over, the
bill wa3 ordered to its engrossment; and, having
been read a third time,
Mr. BRONSON moved the previous question;
which was seconded, and the maia question order-
ed to be now put.
The bill was then passed.
The Committee on Enrolled Bills here made a re-
port; and, after the several bills had been signed by
the Speaker,
Mr. BARNARD inquired whether there was not
a motion to rescind the special order appointed for
to-day.
Mr. ROOSEVELT said he had made such a
motion; but he did not purpose callingitup, unless
more important business should come before the
House.
The SPEAKER said it would be in order to
call up the motion to-morrow, or at any time du-
ring the continuance of the special order.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. A. C. DODGE called up the special order
of the day—the consideration of business apper-
taining to the several Territories.
Mr. D. said that, before he made a motion that
the House go into Committee of the Whole, he de-
sired to obtain a decision upon a motion made
at the last session of Congress. He referred
to the motion then made to reconsider the vote
by which the House rejected the bill to pay the
militia of Iowa for services rendered in 1S3D,
when called out during the unpleasant controversy
with Missouri. The bill was rejected by ta
few votes, ar.d he believed its merits were not
properly understood. If members would give him
their attention, he would endeavor to establish Ihe
justice of the claim. He inquired whether it was
in order to debate the motion to reconsider at this
time.
The SPEAKER answered that it was.
Mr. ROOSEVELT asked if it was strictly in
order to revive a motion made at the last session of
Congress,
The SPEAKER said that it remained on the
calendar as part of the unfinished business before
the House.
Mr. DODGE resumed. He read from the jour-
nal of the House at the first session of the twen-
ty-sixth Congress, to show that a resolution was
adopted, directing the Secretary of War to appoint
an officer to muster the militia of Iowa preparatory
to their payment. In accordance with this resolu-
tion, an officer was appointed, who mustered the
militia, and made a report to the Secretary of
War. That report was transmitted by Sec-
retary Poinsett to the Hon. R. M. T. Hunter,
Speaker of the House, and by him laid before it.
In that letter, the Secretary suggested certain cor-
rections of the mister-roll, which were made by
the proper officer, and also recommended that the
troops should be paid.
[Here Mr. D. read from the letter of Mr. Poin-
sett referred to.] The objection raised last session
to the payment of the troops, was, that the ser-
vice in which they were engaged was uncalled for
and unnecessary. Now, he (Mr. D.) stood upon
that floor as the representative of those people who
were called out by officers sent to Iowa by the
United States Government; and he felt it to be a
high and responsible duty which he owed them, to
see that justice was done. He then proceeded to
show that the men were called out by officers of the
United States—the Governor and marshal of the
Territory—and read passages from their several
communications. The Governor of Iowa received
notice that the authorities of Missouri were col-
lecting taxes from the citizens of that Territory;
and he immediately issued his proclamation, warn-
ing them not to fxecute their process. In the Gov-
ernor's proclamation, the act of Corgress on the
subject was referied to, as making it obligatory up-
on him to do what he did. [Here Mr. D. read
from the law.] The Governor was the officer of
the United States, sent to afford protection to the
inhabitants of the Territory over which he pre-
sided. So also was the marshal, who made tbe
call upon the Governor, and who was fully sus-
tained by the district attorney of the United Slates,
his legal adviser. He then read the letter of the
United States marshal, and commented upon it.
Mr. D. then read certain letters from the United
Statss marshal, and the opinion of Charles
Western, esq., the United States attorney, together
with a letter from Stephen Whitcher, esq., to show
the necessity that existed for calling the Iowa mili-
tia into service. Mr. D. also read the act of the
Legislature of Missouri extending the northern
boundary of that State, which he said precipitated
and brought on all these difficulties. After read-
ing these documents, Mr. D. said that the point
he wished to make, was, that the Territorial Gov-
ernment of Iowa had exercised jurisdiction over
the territory in dispute, ever since it was acquired
from the Indians in 1333; and that the Legislature
of Missouri invaded it with an aimed force, for
the purpose of wresting it from the United States
and the Territory of Iowa, and levying taxes
on it; that it comprised within it a population of
six thousand persons, whose seniments were
so averse to the attempted usurpations of Mis-
souri, that they resisted it to the utmost of
their power; being backed in such resistance
by those whom they were bound to respect
—viz. the governor: appointed over them by
the Government of the United States; and the
marshal, and the district attorney of the Territory,
also United States officers. He would add, that it
was a most unwelcome service to the people of
Iowa; for, apart from their disinclination to oppose
their own countrymen in arms, they were called
out at a most inclement season of the year, when
the ground was covered with snow. Could Con-
gress, then, refuse to compensate for services ren-
dered under such circums'ances? They were not
men capable of solving nice constitutional ques-
tions, but were the men whose enterprise had
opened to settlement and cultivation a rich and
fertile Territory, and who were in time to extend
our borders by the settlement of Oregon. Such
men were not nice casuists, and were, therefore,
sufficiently justified in obeying ihe orders of their
lawful superiors. He could tell the House, that
such was the aversion to this service, that many of
the officers—men of character and respectability—
for refusing to obey the order calling ihem into ser-
vice, were tried by a court-martial, under the mi-
litia laws of the Territory, and cashiered. There
was another fact to which he wished to call the at-
tention of the House. Every one of the gsnerals,
according to the construction of the War Depart-
