COft&BESSlONAL GLOBE.
Mb
ment, had been stricken out of ike aec.oue'; ana
though there were eight of ihein ill the fi Id, not  n
officer above the rank of colonel would be paid. He
himself was ready and willing to acquiesce in this
decision, though it affected him, as one of the gen-
erals stricken out; for his anxiety to get the men
paid the poor pittance they claimed for their hard
service, and lo get the farmers paid for the corn,
beef, and ptfrk they furnished for the suste-
nance of the men and their horses, super-
seded any feeling for himself, and ihose of the
same rank with him. To add to the hardships
of the case of these claimants, he would
add, that at the time these supplies were famished,
the homes of a number of the settlers were pro-
claimed for sale by the President, and that they
sold their produce for the purpose of raising money
to pay for them; believing, as they were assured
by those they had confidence in, that their accounts
would be settled and allowed at the War Depart-
ment. Now, in consequence of their not gelling
paid, as Ihey had a right to expect, many of them
were forced to borrow money, at a heavy interest,
to pay for the homes ihey had settled and brought
into cultivation. As he before stated, the service
was a most unwelcome and most unpleasant one;
and he desired to make an appeal to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] who made a
remark last year that he believed had caused
the defeat of this bill. The gentleman, on call-
ing for the yeas and nays, said that he wished
to see who would vote for a bill to pay these
people for fighting their own countrymen. Now,
he would remark to the gentleman, that the peo-
ple he spoke of in this way were by no means
deserving of his censure. They engaged very re-
luctantly in this service, at the command of those
placed by this Government in authority over them;
and one of these men had faithfully served his
country in the last war with Great Britain, and
was present and saw the gentleman from Kentucky
wounded and taken prisoner at Dudley's defeat.
They were not nice judges of constitutional law;
but the hardy and enterprising settlers, who had
settled and brought into cultivation a rich and
growing territory, and who would extend the bound-
aries of the United States, by settling and defend'
ing its territory, even to the Pacific ocean. He
hoped the motion for reconsideration would pre-
vail.
The question was then taken on the motion for
reconsideration, and resulted in ayes 52, noes 43.
No quorum voting, tellers were ordered and
appointed, [Messrs. Brigqs and C. Broj^n;] and
the question being again taken, they reported ayes
74, noes 36.
There still being no quorum, Mr. CAVE JOHN-
SON moved to lay the motion for reconsideration
on the table, and called for the yeas and nays, as
the best means of getting a full vote.
Mr. MED1LL moved a call of the House: re-
jected—ayes 44, noes not counted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON again called for the
yeas and nays on the question of reconsideration,
and they were ordered; and resulted—yeas 90,
nars 45.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the bill.
Mr. MORGAN and Mr. CAVE JOHNSON
called for the yeas and nays, and they were order-
ed; and resulted—yeas 89, nays 48.
So the bill was passed.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 1, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro (em. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from ihe Patent Officp, cov-
ering the annual report of tbe Commissioner of
Patents; which, on motion by Mr. HUNTING-
TON, was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial signed
by twenty-three citizens of Pennsylvania, asking
Congress to create a stock of $200,000,000, based
on the public domain, to be distributed among the
States and Territories m the proportion of their
representative ratio; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. MILLER presented (he proceedings of a
u-eeung of the citizens of ths District of Columbia,
residing on the eastern side of a branch of the Po-
tomac, asking Congress to purchase one or more
of the bridges across the Eastern branch, and to
make them free: referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
citizens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the amendment or repeal of the bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Also, presented a memorial from Alleghany
county, Pennsylvania, in favcr of the adoption of
the plan for a board of exchequer, as recommended
by the Executive: referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Jamison and Williamson; which was
read twice, and referred to ths Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PORT OF ENTRY AT GALENA.
Mr. McROBERTS introduced a bill to establish
a port of entry at Galena, in the State of Illinois.
He said he should move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and, in doing so, would
send with it a memorial from the city council of
Galena, asking that a port of entry may be estab-
lished there. He said, if the committee would
read the memorial, he thought they would find
abundant reasons for acceding to the request of the
memorialists.
He would say to the Senate that Galena, accord-
ing to the statement of the city council, contained
a population of 3,000, and that some estimate
could be formed of its commerce from the details
which the memorial furnished. In 1842, the num-
ber of up-river steamboat arrivals at the place was
195, and the number of keel-boats towed by steam-
ers was 160. The number of pigs of lead shipped
at tbe port was 240,000, besides a considerable
amount of lead in small bars. It also appears
that the exportation of lead has increased from
11,000,000 lbs. in 1835, to 30,000,000 lbs. in 1841;
this last amount, at three cents per pound, would
be nearly a million of dollars. It is also shown
that the importations to the city of Galena, in 1841,
of merchandise, amounted to about one million
three hundred thousand dollars.
The memorial presents some interesting statis-
tics connected with the lead trade in the whole of
the country upon the Upper Mississippi.
Mr. McR. said there were abutidant/easons
shown in the memorial why Galena should be
made a port of entry, and he hoped the committee
would recommend it accordingly.
The bill was read twice, and was, with the me-
morial, referred to thp Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Committee on
Finance was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petitions of H. F. Pierment and John
Golder.
Mr. MERRICK, on leave, introduced a joint
resolution, to provide for the adjustment with for-
eign countries, by treaty, of the rates of duties on
imports and exports, on principles of just recipro-
city; which bill having been read,
Mr. M. remarked that he would not then ask for
its second reading, with a view to its reference.
The subject of the bill was a very comprehensive
one. He merely wished it to be pointed; and if,
after an examination of its provisions, Senators
should think any reference of it to a committee
necessary, he would move to refer it to a select
committee.
The bill was then ordered to be printed.
Mr. MEKRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with an
amendment, House bill entitled "An act for the re-
lief of Peters, Moore, and Company."
Several adverse reports of standing committees,
on private claims, were taken up and concurred
in by ihe Senate.
The Senate then resumed the consideration, as
in committee of the whole, of tbe bill to prevent
the employment of private expresses upon mail
routes, and for the prevention of frauds upon the
revenues of tbe Post Office Department.
Mr. HENDERSON said he would be perfectly
satisfied with the bill, if it was amended in two
particulars—that was, by inserting in its second
and fifth sections the words "and actually in pos-
session of such mailable matter;" so as to make
the penalty attach to the owners of stage-coaches,
railroad cars, and steamboats, who may carry as
passenger any person employed as a private ex-
press, only in cases where such agents may be ac-
tually in possession of mailable matter for trans-
portation.
Mr. MERRICK said he had no sort of objection,
to the amendment, because it was exactly in ac-
cordance with the idea of tbe committee in agree-
ing to the provisions of the bill—its object being.to
prevent frauds on the revenues of the department,
without placing unnecessary restrictions oa the.
rights of the owners of railroads, steamboats, and
stages.
These amendments were agreed to.
Mr. PORTER remarked that the provisions oj
this bill proposed to establish restrictions much
broader than by the Post Office law of 1825. By
reference to that law, it would be seen that the in-
terdict only extended to letters; and left it optional
to those who might wish to transmit newspapers
and pamphlets, either to send them by the regular
mails, or by other conveyance. But this bill places
the interdict on all mailable matter—newspapers,
pamphlets, and even the public documents, which
he believed were mailable mattear. According to
the provisions of this bill, it would be penal for
any person to transport any of the publie docu-
ments, except through tbe regular mail. He ob-
jected to that portion of the bill which made it
penal to transmit newspapers and pamphlets out
of the mail, because it was a great convenience to
the public to receive newspapers out of the mail,
and in advance of it—which was the case'now, to
a very great extent; and yet it was no disad-
vantage, or a very small one, to the Post Office
Department to be deprived of the carriage of them.
Newspapers were sometimes actually conveyed
from tiix to twelve hours sooner, by way of the
Sound and Housatonic railroad, to Albany, than,
by the regular mail route between New York city
and Albany. Now, anything which facilitated the
transportation between those cities was of great
interest to his constituents. He could not, there-
fore, consent to that provision of the bill which
makes it penal to convey newspapers and docu-
ments out of the wail. He proposed to send home
some documents of a public nature, which, if he
should happen to place on board of a steamboat
for that purpose, would subject himself to tbe
penalties of the bill, for transporting mailable mat-
ter out of the mail. He would, therefore, to obviate
his objection to the bill, move to strike frem the
second section the words "or other mailable matter
whatsoever."
Mr. MERRICK said his honorable friend from
Michigan was entirely mistaken as to Ihe mean-
ing of the words "mailable matter." He ventured
to jay that there was not a lawyer within the wal's
of the Senate, or elsewhere, if he were called upon
to construe those words, who would not do so with
reference to the existing laws, which defined what
was mailable matter. Newspapers and pamphlets
were not made mailable matter by this bill, but by
previous law. The term "mailable matter" was
use;', because it wis comprehensive, and in-
cluded all matter other than letters, which by
existing law was mailable. If these words were
stricken out, the effect of the bill would be destroyed.
Mr. M. further argued that, inasmuch as it was
made the duty of the Government to carry newspa-
pers and pamphlets in the mail, it should be se-
cured in a monopoly of such carriage, as the ex-
pense has to be incurred by making provision for
their transportation. It was necessary to have such
a monopoly, to enable the department to transport
tbe mail, unless it was desirable that that depart-
ment should fall a burden on the common treas-
ury.
Messrs. WOODBRIDGE, PORTER, CHOA.TE,
HUNTINGTON, and WOODBURY, pointed out
objections to the bill, which they expressed a wish
that tbe chairman of the Post Office Committee
[Mr. Merrick] would consent to remove, by modi-
fications of its provisions.
