CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tariff bill—which was expected, he believed, by the
committee who reported it, to yield a revenue of
$26,000,000; but the prospect new was, that it
would not yield more than $10,000,000. And as
he saw no proposition made to reduce the duties
fixed by that bill, he asked whether they would
go forward and make appropriations, while there
was no money to meet them. The consequence of
increasing our tariff of duties had been, in a great
degree, to destroy our commerce; and if appropri-
ations weie limited even to $20,000,000, he was of
opinisn that it would be more than the revenue
would meet. They would necessarily, then, be
driven to borrow money, and he asked, should
they not rather strike out every item of expendi-
ture which could be dispensed wrth, rather than
borrow money under existing circumstanced They
had attempted to borrow money to meet the ordi-
nary expenses of 'the Government for three or four
years, and he held that they should now stop that
policy.
Before he concluded, he would make a remark
respecting the Secretary of War. That gentleman
had reduced the appropriations this year $1,800,000,
for which he deserves the thanks of Congress. This
was owing, in a great degree, to services dispensed
with in the Florida war; and he (Mr. T.) was satis-
fied that still greater savings might be effected if
the Committee of Ways and Means would state to
him the impossibility of meeting such appropria-
tions. But it would be impossible for him, or any
other member of the House, without a consulta-
tion with the Secretary of War, to point out what
items can be most appropriately dispensed with,
and what items of appropriation can be properly
and judiciously diminished.
Mr. GRANGER said he wasin hopes that this bill,
which was yesterday passed apparently so unani-
mously, would hstve been permitted to go to the Sen-
ate undisturbed, and without the lecture to this en-
tire body from the gantlemau from Mississippi.
But that gentleman had not only read a lesson to
this entire body, including his own political friend1.;
but he had read a lesson to himself, for he had al-
lowed this bill to pass yesterday, without calling
for the yeas and nays, that he might record his
vote against it; and jet he now rose and took the
course which the House had witnessed. He (Mr.
G ) could not suppose that the gentleman was seek-
ing to create political capital; he was certainly
far above that. But did he not seek to create the
impression that this whole body had been trifling
with the public interests'!
He went on to observe that, in voting for that
bill, he (Mr. G.) had not been actuated by selfi.«hor
local prejudice'; for the army was more neccssary
to the frontier country in the neighborhood of the
gentleman from Mississippi, than for that district
from which he (Mr. G.) came. And, on the sub-
ject of the tariff bill, he said he was a high protec-
tive tariff man, up to the hub; and at the last ses-
sion he recorded his vote in favor of a tax on tea and
coffee, which would have yielded $4,000,000. Did
the gentleman from Mississippi do as much"!
Mr. THOMPSON said he had not voted for it.
Mr. GRANGER. No; the gentleman was op-
posed to a high protective tariff. They of the
North, who went for protection, stood up in their
places and suppoited a tax which would manifestly
have produced to the treasury $4,000,000; and yet
the gentleman from Mississippi rose in his place
and talked as he had done about a high protective
tariff. Such remarks would come better from
some other quarter.
Mr. THOMPSON said he understood the friends
of the tariff to say, at the time of its passage, that,
independently of the tax on tea andcoffe?, it would
raise something like $20,000,000.
Mr. GRANGER was understood to say that he
thought the tariff, on its present basis, if undis-
turbed, would raise that amount; and though he
was willing to give the additional amount that
could be raised by the tax on tea and coffee, he
believed the expenditures could be cut down to
$22,000,000; and then there would be sufficient to
cover their expenditures.
The gentleman, it appeared, was exceedingly
alarmed about the credit of ibe United S ates Gov-
ernment. But he would tell that gentleman that,
whatever their necessities might be, this Govern-
ment had never yet denied its debts. The Gov-
ernment had raised—if he were to judse from the
papers of this morning—or rather the officers of the
Government had negotiated, their 6 per cent, loan
at par. That was not doing very much with this
tariff, even without the duty on tea and coffee,
and with the honor and honest faith of this na-
tion pledged for its repayment. But if it should
not be repaid, why, there was the simplest process
in the world: for they had nothing to do, if it were
inconvenient to pay, but to "repudiate." The
gentleman from Mississippi would see the immense
advantage of repudiation; for, at the best, nobedy
but the purse-proud aris'ocrat, or some foreigner
who had here invested his millions, would be the
loser; while it would be, though certainly a novel,
yet, doubtless, an equitable mode of distributing
the money of the world among all the people of
the world. [Laughter.]
The majority of this House had little reason to
stand by the Administration; but they had good
reason to stand by the honor and integrity and the -
plighted faith of this nation; and he trusted in God
that the Representatives of the people—confident
in the resources, and the ability, and the character
of the seventeen millions ef this American nation—
would go forward, and make such appropriations
as should sustain every arm of the national de-
fence; and if it should be necessary during a tem-
porary depression, to pledge the credit of the
country to sustain even this Administration, like
American patriots he trusted they would do it, and
not be rebuked for discharging their high duty.
Mr. JAMES COOPER then obtained the floor,
and moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The question was taken, and the motion agreed
to.
JUDGE BETTS AND CAPT. MACKENZIE.
Mj. SNYDER asked leave to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolvedt That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire
whether Samuel It. Betts, district judge of the United States for
the southern district of New Yoik, refused to entertain a com-
plaint of murder alleged to have been committed on the high
seas, upon the ground that he had other business of a civil na-
ture to occupy his time; and to report to the IIoufq the proper
proceedings to be taken on the occasion.
Mr. BARNARD and others objected.
Mr. SNYDER then moved a suspension of the
rules, in order to rcceive the resolution.
The motion was voted down, without a division.
On motion of Mr. JAMES COOPER, 500 extra
copies of the report of the Secretary of War, on
the subject of the Chickasaw fund, were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WINTHROP asked leave to present, and
have referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, sundry memorials, signed
by 2,107 citizens of Boston, complaining of the
present state of trade and the derangement of the
currency, and asking that the exchequer, with some
modifications, may be adopted.
SPECIAL ORDER FOR TERRITORIAL BU-
SINESS.
Mr. ROOSEVELT called up his motion to re-
consider the vote by which three days were set
apart for the consideration of business relating to
the several Territories. He said that but thirty
days of the session remained, whilst there was a
vast amount of business before the Hou«e. He
thought that three days was rather more ttfSm the
proportion which should be assigned to the affairs
of 100,000 out of 17,000,000 of jeople. He referred
to the discussion which took piece yesterday, when
the whole day was consumed on the reconsideration
of a bill rejected at the last session by a solemn
vote of the House; and also mentioned the fact
that Friday was set apart for the consideration of
a bill in which the citizens of Florida were inter-
ested, and which would elicit much debate. He
concluded by moving that the special order be re-
scinded.
Mr. POPE, after raising a question of order on
the mo'tion, contending that it was toj late, moved
that it be laid on the table.
This motion was agreed to,
REPORTS FRQM COMMITTEES.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee or
Military Affairs, reported a resolution rescinding
the call made upon the Secretary of the Navy for
a copy of Lieutenant Wilkes's report and survey
of Oregon.
The resolution was objected to in various parts
of the House.
Mr. PENDLETON stated that the committee
we-e informed that it would take a month to copy
Lieutenant Wilkes's report, and therefore they
could not get it in time to answer the objects for
which they desired it.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. STOKELY, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of certain,
companies of Michigan militia: read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, reported.a bill to"authorize the purchase of
the land adjoining the navy yard at Brooklyn, New
York: read twice, and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported the following resolution:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom
was referred the memorial of Ebenezer Wheel-
wright, and others, praying indemnity from the
United States for French spoliations prior to 1800,
report.the following resolution for the consideration
of the House:
Resolved, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the "Union, on House hilt No. 57, entitled
"A bill to provide for the satisfaction of claims due to certain
American citizens, for spoliations committed on their commerce
prior to 31st July, 1801," shall cease on Tuesday next; at 2
o'clock, and the committee shall proceed to vote on the amend-
ments then pending, or that maj be offered to said bill, and then
repoit. the bill to the House, with such amendments as may-
have been agreed to by the committee.
Mr. CUSHING said it was evident that no bill
of any importance could be decided, without the
adoption of some such resolution as this. It was
due to the suffering memorialists that the House
should come to a decision upon this bill. He
desired to have the previous.question on this reso-
lution:
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY opposed the resolution,
on the ground that Tuesday next was appointed for
the consideration of another subject.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired whether it was
in order for the Committee on Foreign Affairs to
report a resolution fixing a day for the termination
of the debate on a bill which had never been taken
up in Commi tee of the Whole?
Mr. CUSHING said thres speeches had been
made on the bill.
Mr. PICKENS said it had never been taken up.
Ths Committee of the Whole had several times
expressly refused.
The SPEAKER, after referring to the rule of
the House, decided the resolution to be in order.
Mr. HOPKINS moved that the whole subject
be laid on the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON rose to address tha
House, but was called to order. Several gentle-
men attempted to speak.
The point of order was discussed by Messrs.
CUSHING, J. P. KENNEDY, PICKENS, GIL-
MER, CAVE JOHNSON, and the SPEAKER;
turning chit fly on a question of fact, viz. whether
the bill for the relief of claimants under French
spoliations prior to 1800, bad ever been taken up
in Committee of the Whole-
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the table, and asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion; which were ordered.
The House refused to lay on the table—yeast
93, nays 103, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. L. W. Andrews, Arnold, Arrington, A therton,
fieeson, Black, Brewster, Charles Brown, Burke, William
Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, John Camp,
bell, Carutbers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Cole8,
Daniel, Garrett Davis, U. D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig,
Eastman, Egbert, John G. Floyd, Fornance, Gamble, Gentry,
Gerry, Gilmer, William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Harris,
Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Ilouck, Houston, Hubaril, Hunter.
Charles J. Ingersoll, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones,
Andrew Kennedy, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan,
Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon, Marchand, Alfred Mar-
shall, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Moore, Newhard,
Owsley, Partridge, Payne, Pickens, Pope, Profit, Kayner,
