CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
23 5
been made strong to assail, and we weak to repel.
She had gained everything; we lost everything.
Such has always been the result of time, delay,
and negotiation with Great Britain. Such would
be the consequence of time and negotiation in the
settlement of the question of the Oregon Territory.
Some Senator had calculated the distance by sea
between us and the mouth of the Columbia river
at eighteen thousand miles. Twenty years ago he
had calculated it at twenty thousand from Boston
to the Columbia, and he then made use of the cal-
culation as an argument of the strongest kind to
show the importance of the harbor at the mouth of
that river for our commercial and military marine
in the Pacific—cut off, as they were, by a sea of
twenty thousand miles in ex tent,from shelter or re-
treat on their own soil—and that harbor theirs,
but unprepared for their use. The distance was
the strongest argument in favor of its being made
a naval depot and fortification. Gentlemen also
talked of .the distance by land being 3,000 miles,
and the expense of carrying out this bill $100,000.
But they voted for the late treaty, by which
Great Britain compels us to keep 80 gutis
afloat on the coast of Africa, at a cost of six
hundred thousand dollars a year; and for wha>?
To recapture negroes. And when we have them,
what are we to do with them? Not to bring them
to the United States, surely. We have no islands,
like the West India islands, for taking apprentices
at 40 years of age to work for our interests. But
we are to colonize Liberia, where we have not a
foot of territory. We are not to do anything with
our own territory of Oregon; but we are to colonize
Liberia at an expense of five millions in five yean!
He would next year call for informal ion as to the
number of negroes our African fleet shall have re-
captured; and he'vas pretty sure that by divid'ng
the number into $600,000, it would be found that
the colonization of Liberia by African negroes
would cost us more per head thftn the -640 acrcs
apiece to each of our citizens choosing to settle in
the Territory of Oregon.
Mr. CHOATE said there was one point on
■which the Senator from Mi-souri had touched,
which he wished to make a few observations upon
in reply. He meant that relating to the Northwest
boundary line from the Lake of the W'^ods to
Lake Superior. It would be necessary, however,
to refer to documents not then at hand. He would
therefore ask the indulgence of the Senate to pass
the bill over informally.
The bill was accordingly passed over informally.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
investment of the naval hospital fund; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, it was
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructe d to
inquire into the expediency of abolishing the system of revenue
cutters, and of employing a part ol the navy of the United
States in that service.
Mr, CALHOUN presented a petition from John
Sarchet, of Philadelphia, praying Congress to mod-
ify the tariff to as to bring it down to a revenue
standard. "The petition (.aid Mr. C ) contained
much valuable information as to the effect of the
present tariff; and ho moved that it be referred to
the Committee on Manufacture.*, and be piimed,
The PRESIDENT pro (em. laid before the
Senate a communication from the Ordnance Bu-
reau, showing the management and condition of
that department; which was ordered to he on the
table.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 2, 1843.
Mr. BRIGGS, on leave, Uid on the table sn
amendment to the bill reported son e days ^inceby
the Committee on the Post Office and Po t Roads,
reducing the postage on letters carritd by mail: or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of taking up
the business relating to the Territories. He stated
that so much of the time which wai under the
special order to be devoted to Territorial business
had been occupied in attending to that of the na-
tion, that he trusted the House would, as an act of
sheer justice, adopt his motion, and proceed at
once, without the consumption of the morning
hour, to the execution of the special order.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL wished, before taking
the question on the motion of the gentleman from
Iowa, that the House would take up and assign a
special day for the consideration of the bill sus-
pending for a limited time the operation of the
districting law of the last session. That bill had
been referred to the Committee of the Whole, in
the vortex of which he feaied it would be lost,
considering the short time that yet remained of the
session, unless some special day was assigned for
its consideration. He would suggest that it be
made the special order for Thursday next.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON hoped the House would
make no more special orders. They were already
considerably embarrassed by the number they had
made.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL said that he was sur-
prised at the objections of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, considering the opposition he made to the
bill, the rigor of which it was proposed to relax.
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman from
South Carolina that Thursday was already assign-
ed for some ether business.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL said h® would then pro-
pose Monday .next.
Mr. TURNEY said he would remind the House
that the Committee of Elections had reported
against this bill, and that the question would arise
on that report.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa to go into Committee of the
Whole was yet undisposed of.
Mr. ADAMS said that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Iowa to go into Committee of the
Whole was not in order, and could not take pre-
cedence over the other business of the House.
True, a motion to go into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union would be m order; but
the Territorial business was not in that committee,
but in the ordinary Committee of the Whole.
The resolution, therefore, that he moved yester-
day, in relation to the capture of Monterey by
Commodore Jones, was first in order; and on that
the previous question had been seconded.
Mr. POPE observed that two of the three days
allotted to Territorial business had passed over, and
only three or four hours had been devoted to that
business. He hoped that, in consideration of that
fact, the House would go into Committee of
the Whole on that business for the remainder of
the day; and he had no doubt, if they did so, but
that they would finish it.
The SPEAKER said that the question dii not
admit of debate, and directed the Clerk to read the
resolution; which was done, as follow?:
Resolved, Thai the Piesutent of the United States be re-
quested to inform this House by what authority, and under
whose insti uuions, Cdptam Thomas Ap Catetby Jone>, com-
mander of the squadron of the United States in the Pacific
ocean, did, on or about the 19ih of October last, invade in war-
like army the territory of the Mexican Republic, take posses-
sion ol liio town of Monterey, and declare himself commander
of the nav.al and military expedition for the occupation of the
Califon las.
Revo? ved, That the President of the Tlni ted States be requeo'-
ed to communicate tothis House copips of all the ms'rucnons
qiven by him, or under his authority, to the said Ciptum .Tones,
from tho time ol (us appointment to the command of the said
squadion; abo, copies of all communications received from
him lekuiPtito h|Ciexpedition fortiie occupation ofthe Califor-
nia; and also to inform this House whether outers have been
despatched to the said Captain Jones, recalling linn uom Ins
command.
The question was put on ordering the main
question, and carried.
Mr. ADAMS called foi the yeas and nays on the
main question; which were ordered.
Mr. CUSIIING a^ked to be excused from voting
on the resolution. His reason was this: He should
be glad to vote for the resolution, and saw no rea-
son why it should not pass the House. He knew
nothing in regard to it that the Administration
should conceal) and he was, therefore, unwilling to
vote against it. But he could not vote for it, be-
cause it excluded the usual condition in resolutions
of this nature—that the communication of the in-
formation called for should not, in the judgment of
the President, be incompatible with the public in-
terest.
Mr. WISE also asked to be excused from voting.
His reason was this: He had information in his
possession from Commodore Jones himself, and
therefore knew the fact that there was no n:cessity
for adopting the resolution. Commodore Jones
informed him that, without any orders from the
Government at all, but from a report which he had
no reason to doubt, as well as from information
received from a United States consul in South
America, that there was actual war between the
United States and Mexico, together with the sus-
picious movements of the British fleet, inducing
him to believe that they were about to take pos-
session of the Californias, he captured Monterey. As
soon as information reached him that war did not
exist, he restored Monterey to the Mexican authori-
ties; and he also informed Mr. W. that his rela-
tions with them weie better than they ever were
before.
Mr. BRIGGS called Mr. Wise to order.
Mr. WISE said, that it was to him the strangest
thing in the world, that, with positive information
from Commodore Jones himself, ready to be given
to them, gentlemen wpre determined lo vote blind-
fold in this matter. The Administration had noth-
ing to do with the affair.
Mr. GRANGER rose and addressed the chair;
but gave way to
Mr. WISE, who withdrew his request to be ex-
cused.
Mr. GRANGER again rose and said: A single
remark why I wish to be excused. If the Admin-
istration is, as I doubt not, so entirely blameless in
this matter, the gentleman from Virginia, I sup-
pose, and the o'her friers of the Administration,
would desire to be placed right. [Cries of "order,
order."]
Mr. BRIGGS rose to a question cf order, on the
ground that the gentleman from New York was
debating th? merits of the question.
Mr. GRANGER. I am not debating the ques-
tion, sir.
Mr. WISE said; as he was interrupted, he hoped
other gentlemen would be required to conform to
the same rule; or that he should have the right to
reply.
Mr. GRANGER. I will take my seat—I think
I have said enough.
Mr. WISE. Yes, yon have.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus—yeas 118, nays 69;. so the resolution was
adopted:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, LandafFW. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Arnngtoa, Atherton, Ayerigjr, Baker,
Barnard, Birdseye, Black, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Boyd,
Biewster, Bnggs, Brockway, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown, Milton
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, William Butler, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Casev, Chittenden, John C.Clark, Sta-
ley N. Claike, James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Crawford,
Dame!, Garrett Davie, Dean, Debeiry, John Edwards, Fes-
senden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gerry, Giddings, Pat-
rick G. Goode, Granger, Green, Halsted, Henry, Houck,
Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R Ingers-ill, James Tvvin, James, Isaac
1). Jones, E>im, John P. Kennedy, Linn, McKay, McKennan,
McKenn, Samson j\fa;on, MaUuot, Mathews, Mattocks. Max-
well, Maynard,Meuwether, Mitchell, Moore. Morgan, Morris,
Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Partridee, Pendleton, Pope, Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randall, Rayner, Read, Reynolds, Rid«way,
William Russell, James M. Russell, Softonstall, Sanford,
Siade, Truman Smith, Sprisrg, Stanly, Scokely, Stratt-n, Alex-
? W William®, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yo'ike, Au-
2U:tn«i Youns, and John Youn?—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Barton, Beepon, Bnllack, Bowne, Charles
Brown, Burke, William O. Builer, Gtem W. Caldwell,
Patrick C. Caldwell John Campbell. Chapman, Clifford,
Clinton, Cross, Uichaid D. Davis, Dawson. Do;?. Eastman,
John C. Edwards, Egbert, Jr>hn Cf, Fioyj, Charles A. Floyd,
A rnance. Gentiy, Gilmer, Win. O Goode, Gordon, Gustme,
Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Houston, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersol), William W. Irwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, Lit-
tltfield. Lowell, Abraham McOlellan, Robert McClellao. Mai-
lory, Marchand, Ahred Maishaii, Medill, Newhard, Oliver
P.irmontnv Trim-io Pir>lron Pa.,.a11 O „ j i> 1. . '
piiei If. Williams, Wise, and Wood-
FRENCH SPOLIATION CLAIMS.
The next question in order was the resolution of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Gushing,]
who, fiorn the Committee on Foreign Affairs, yes-
terday made the following report:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom
tw referred the memorial of Ebcnezer Wheel-
