238
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. B. presented documents relating to the sub-
ject; which were referred to the same committee.
Mr. BAYARD presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the creation of a
Government stock of $200,000,000, based on the
public domain, to be divided among the Slates and
Territories, in a representative proportion: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
citizens of northern Pennsylvania, concerning the
operations of the bankrupt law. The memorialists
state that they are as/are that some good may
grow out of that law, But the preponderance of the
evil is so great, that, in nineteen out of twenty
cases, it is absolute oppression and tyranny: and
they ask for its repeal. The mfemorial was ordered
to lie on the table, the Committee on the Judiciary
being about to report on the subject.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies on the table one day, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President be requested (so far as it may
be compatible with the public interest) to communicate to the
Senate copies of any remonstrance or protect addressed by
General Cass, Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipoten-
tiary of the United States at the court of France, to that Gov-
ernment, against the ratification, by Fiance, of the quintuple
treaty, and of all correspondence between the Govern-
ment of the United States and France, and of all communica-
tions from the said General Cass to his own Government, and
from this Government to him, relating thereto, and relating to
the late treaty with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. BAYARD, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the Senate, for the
purpose of transmitting to the Judiciary Com-
mittee in the other House the petition and docu-
ments relating to the claim of Jenkins and
Langtry.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill for the remission of duties on rail-
road iron; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bills for the re-
lief of John Farnham, and for the relief of the le-
gal representatives and heirs of William Lomax,
reported them back, without amendment, and with
reports (which were ordered to be printed) recom-
mending their indefinite postponement.
Also, reported back from .the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, the House bill for the lelief of
Jonathan Button.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. BERRIEN, irom the Committee oti the Ju-
diciary, (to which had been referred Senate bill to
repeal the bankrupt law, and a similar bill from
the House of Representatives, and memorials and
resolutions on the subject of the repeal,) made a
report, recommending the indefinite postponement
of the Senate bill, and reported back the House bill
■with an entire substitute for it. He asked for the
printing of the report and substitute for the bill;
which was agreed to.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved that 1,500 copies
additional to the usual quaes tity of the report and
bill be printed.
Mr. KING inquired whether it was a detailed
report.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that the report and
bill were of gieat length. The committee had
gone into an examination of all the qu.-*s'ion3 con-
nee'ed with the sut jeet which had been presented
for the consideration of the Senate, through the re-
port of the Secietary of State, of the decisions of
the judges of the district courts under that law.
Mr. KING could not perceive why they should
print an ex>ra quantity ot this repoti. The object
of the report, he presumed, was for the bentfit of
those who had to legislate upon ihc r-ubjeet. If it
was m ended that the report should be ptintfd for
circulation, with a view to base the response of the
country upon it, before the action of the Senate on
the bill, he would only say that it most fail of its
object; for the action of the Senate will, no doubt,
have taken place before such response could be re-
ceived. If the report was not a very voluminous
one, it would find its way into the newspapeis, and
be circulated much sooner than it couid be by the
other mode. He did not presume that, at this
short session, any return of public opinion could
be had before the action of the Senate: the expense
of printing would, therefore, be uselessly incurred.
He hoped it would not be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE remarked that the expense
of printing the additional quantity proposed would
be very trifling. After it was printed, he had no
doubt there would be calls for it from every part of
the country. As to whether there would be time,
before the action of the Senate on the bill, to have
a response from the people on the report and bill
of the committee, he would only say that there was
a possibility, at least; and he might express the hope
that, after the report shall have been examined,
Senators on the other side, even, would be con-
vinced that the law should remain on the statute-
book.
Mr. WOODBURY said that, if the report was
not long, he would like to hear it read.
Mr. BERRIEN replied that the report
was a voluminous one; and there was a
long bill accompanying it, which the commit-
tee propose as a substitute for the bill which
passed the House. Mr. B. then stated, in
substance, that the substitute proposed to repeal so
much of the voluntary clause of the previous law
as allowed any person, on his own application, to
take the benefit of the law; that it proposed to
make the declaration of insolvency conform to the
provisions of the act of 6 William IV; that it
leaves it to the option of the creditor to suspend
action after a declaration of insolvency, or to pro-
ceed to close up the affairs of the debtor, under
such declaration of insolvency; that the remain-
ing part of the law was so amended as to confine
its provisions to what are technically called tra-
ders; that it proposed to mak« the consent of a
majority in amount of the creditors necessary to
the granting of a certificate to a bankrupt. He
said there were other important alterations which
he could sot cite from memory.
The question was put on the motion to print the
additional quantity, and decided in the affirmative
—ayes 16, noes 14.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on
Patents, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, House
bill for the relief of William Gale.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported adversely to the passage < f
the bitl from the House, for the relief of Anne W.
Angus: the report was ordered to be piinted.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on Patents,
under instruction from that committee, moved to
print the annual report of the Commission of Pat-
ents; and also to print a quantity in addition to
the usual number: the motions were referred to
the Commi'tee on Printing.
Mr. MILLER gave notice that be would on
Monday ask the Senate to take up and consider
the bill for repairing and repaving Pennsylvania
avenue.
The PRESIDENT j>ro (cm. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
trans-milting a report showing the number of cleiks
and other persons employed in that department du-
ring the) ear 1842, and their salaries ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. RAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill sup-
plementary to the act entitled "An act grantirg
pre-emption rights to settlers on the public lands,"
approved June, 1838; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The unfinished debate on the bill for the occu-
pation and settlement of the Oregon Territory,
came up as the special order—the question pending
being to recommit the bill to a selcct committee.
Mr. CHOATE, being entitled to the floor from
yesterday evening, addressed the Senate lor about
an hour, in reply to Mr. Benton's rcmaiks of yts-
terday.
He confined himself chiefly to that portion of
the speech of the Senator from Missouri which re-
lated to the treaty lately settled between this coun-
try and Great Britain, and particularly touching
the Northwest boundary at this side of the Rocky
Mountains, between the Lake of the Woods and
Lake Superior. The force of Mr. C.'s argument
was to show that the true boundary line intended
by the treaty of 1783 was that adopted by the trea-
ty of 1842. First, he held that, at the time, no
other route was known than that by the Grand Port-
age and southern chaia of water and portage com-
munication; and that the northern water commu-
nication never had been travelled, or, if it had, that
the Senator from Missouri could not produce proof
that, from the creation of the world totheyear 1783,
ahutnan being had ever passed from Lake Superior
to the Lake of the Woods by the northern route.
In support of his view that the Portage route was
the boundary line intended by the treaty of 1783,
he adverted to various documentary and historical
evidences, and referred to the English maps of the
day, and the writings of persons belonging- to the
Northwest fur companies. He insisted that, where
he was able to produce such a quantity of con-
current testimony in support of his position, and
the Senator from Missouri had not hitherto pro-
duced a particle of evidence in proof of his, the
conclusion was inevitable that the southern route
was that intended by the treaty of 1783; and there-
fore the treaty of 1842, instead of altering the
boundary line, had merely carried out, in fact, the
spirit and intention of the old treaty.
Mr. BENTON assured the Senator that his proofs!
of the northern line being the proper one_ were abun-
dant and overwhelming. He had a point now, which
he meant to stick to, until the attention of the Amer-
ican people was fixed upon it; and that was, that their
interests had been sacrificed to British interests,
and the boundary line of the United States had
been removed for-the exclusive benefit of the
British, and to the irreparable injury of our own.
country. He took the treaty of 1783, and read its
provisions in relation to the boundary line between,
the Lake ef the W oods and Lake Superior, and
showed that they explicitly an.d expressly men-
tioned that ftom Pigeon river the water communi-
cation was to be followed for tracing the line.
Now, the northern water communication from
Pigeon river is continuous, with the exception of a
portage of CS7 paces; whereas the southern route
is not, strictly speaking, a water communication,
but a route partly water and partly portage—the
portage amounting, altogether, to 27 miles. It
was easy to see that the term "water communica-
tion" could only apply to the northern route; and
that nothing but a strained construction, to give
the British all the benefit of the mere technical-
ity that there was no continuous water commu-
nication, could have bean adopted to fix upon
the portage route as the boundary line meant
by the treaty of 1783. He then compared
the most accurate American map lately pub-
lished, in ? hich all the land and watermarks
are accurately laid down, with the wording of the
treaty of 1783; and proved that there was such a
circumstantial corroboration that the northern line
was the true boundary line meant, that it was im-
possible to avoid that conclusion, unless a predeter-
mination existed to interpret everything just as the
British wished. The British themselves, until 1814,
never thought of any other line; or why would
they then avk in such gentle language for a revis-
ion of the boundary line? Why did they, in
1802, remove from the Grand Portage to a posi-
tion 50 miles north, but to get off our territory,
and escape paying duties to us for goods brought
with'n what they then knew was our territory?
Mr. B. read various historical facts concerning
Mr. Jay's treaty of 1794, which treaty was not to
go into effect till 1796, to show that it was in con-
sequence of Mr. Jay's refusal to give the British
fur company any joint right of communication
south of the northern water communication, that
they had to lemove, in 1802, fifty miles north,
where they remained forty years, till brought back
by our Secretary-negotiator in 1842, and allowed
the exclusive occupation of the portage route—
for it was idle to call it a joint occupation,
as our citizens could not attempt anything joint-
ly about it, without subjecting themselves to
be v/aylaid and shot down by the company's al-
lies, their Indian bloodhounds. This company,
which-could now command twelve hundred of its
own men, congregated on the northern bank of Ar-
row river, within a stone's throw of our territory,
