CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
had been thus advantageously placed for British
interests, in every way adverse to our interests—in
a position better than they occupied last war, when
it cost us sixty millions of dollars to defend our-
selves against their aggressions, and those of their
bloodhound allies, the Indians, Our Secretary-ne-
gotiator, studious of promoting British interests
and prostrating those of his own country, had al-
lowed thisHudson Bay Company a joint use of our
portage route, entirely within oar own territory,
and the only commercial route in the whole region;
and had exempted their goods from the duties
which our own citizens would have to pay on
them. He had precluded our citizens from com-
peting with them on equal terms, and called this a
joint use, where everything should be exclusively
advantageous to the British. Yet this was the ef.
feet of a treaty which the Senator from Massachu-
setts called upon us to thank God Almighty and
Daniel Webster for having blessed us with. He
also tells us of the insignificance of this mere use
of the portage, which he considers of mere mutual
convenience. But how is it that the British are so
covetous of every thing worthless that belongs to us?
If such things are so valueless, why are they at
such pains to attain them? It is because they are
of inestimable value in their far-reaching policy.
Mr. B. referred to the negotiations with our
commissioners, and General Porter's refusal to ac-
cede to the British propositions, on the ground that
he had no authority to depart from the terms of
the treaty of 1783. He quoted the correspond-
ence and negotiations of every period since
1783, in which any effort was made by Great
Britain to get a revision of ths boundary line;
and concluded by showing that the present Sec-
retary of State had done what all previous Ameri-
can statesmen, negotiators, and administrations
had, with true American hearts, and feelings alive
to American interests, utterly refused to do. It
was now, for the first time, that an American ne-
gotiator, with British interests at heart—an Ameri-
can negotiator whose feelings throughout the late
war were with the British; and who, after the mas-
sacre at the river Raisin, asked ua if that was the
entertainment to which we were invited;—it was
now, for the first time, that we had an American
negotiator capable of sacrificing the interests of his
country for British interests—of altering our bound-
ary line to the entire aggrandizement of England,
and the disadvantage of the United States; and to
give a British trading company an exemption from
duties in our own territory, to which our citizens,
in competition with them, are subjected. But it
was all of a piece with the favor he showed the
British throughout the late war, and corresponds
with the part he took against his own country.
Mr. B. rejoiced that he had at last roused the
attention ot the Senate to the importance of this
question about the Northwest boundary line. He
should now stick to it until the whole country was
roused up to a proper understanding of the matter.
The people of the Uniied Stales should see how
their Secretary-negotiator had sacrificed their in-'
teresis and rights of their country to the sams Brit-
ish power whose advocate he was in war. They
shall see that there is a striking conformity be-
tween his negotiations now, and his speeches du-
ling that war.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said as he had been re-
quested to state to the Senate the opinion he enter-
tained as to the general correctness of the account
given by Mr. McGillivray respecting the North-
western boundary, he could only say that, as far
as Mr. McGilhvray himself was concerned, he
was a man whose character, reputation, and stand-
ing, rendered his statements, in his (Mr. W.'„)
opinion, worthy of the fulkst credence. Mr, W.
proceeded to state that Mr. McGilhyray, who had
been a highly respected member cf ths Colonial
Government of Canada, had brought npon him-
self the censure of the British ministry by the
course he took in regard to that boundary, because
it was considered more favorable to this country
than to Great Britain. No one could be better
able than that gentleman was to give an accurate ac-
count of the situation of ihe country, for  o man
was belter acquainted with its true situation.
Mr. CHOATE said he presumed that we now
had the whole proof which the honorable Senator
frcm Missouri was able to adduce in support of his
position. And in what did it consist? There was
nothing but this map which the honorable Senator
had exhibited to them. [Mr. Benton. There are
forty others.] But those we had not seen. He
had asked the honorable Senator to go back as far
as the year 1783, and give any evidence sufficient
to constitute a reasonable ground of belief that his
position was correct; and he referred him to a map
made in the year 1839, by a patriotic countryman
of his own, who knew nothing about the matter
which was now the subject m dispute, the Sena-
tor declared that there were forty other maps which
would show the same thing. He (Mr. Choate)
believed he might safely aver that every one of
the forty was equally at fault in respect to this
matter.
It wss well known to every one that it was
Mitchell's map which had been the main guide
in the formation of treaties. He prayed the atten-
tion of the Senator from Missouri and of the
Senate to Mitchell';, map, which he now exhib-
ited to them. Our own patriotic diplomatists had
said of Mitchell's map, that, though in some re-
spects erroneous, it was upon the whole the best,
and we ought to stick to it. This map furnished
additional evidence in favor of the southern route.
Mr. C. then proceeded to argue that the
southern route bad always been the recognised
boundary, and that no change had been made in
it under the late treatv; lhat it remained pre-
cisely as settled by Mr. Jay's treaiy; and he again
called upon the Senator from Missouri to produce
evidence to sustain the position he had taken.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator had rejected the
testimony of his own countrymen, and had taken
that of the British. The gentleman seemed willing
to rely upon this British map in this case, although
he would not permit it to be any authority in the
case of the Northeastern boundary. I? the gen-
tleman was so fond of citing British authorities, he
should have the opportunity of examining the
affidavits of eight of ihe Northwest Company.
He was now done with the matter for the pres-
ent; but he would yet demonstrate to the Amer-
ican people, that the line had been altered, and in-
gloriously altered.
Mr. ARCHER said the whole of ihe Senate must
be sensible lhat this debate had gone far enough.
He hoped it would now te terminated. He rose
for the purpose of withdrawing the motion, which
was before the Senate, for the recommitment of the
bill to a select committee; lor be had been advised,
and had become convinced, that such a motion was
irregular and unpaiHamentary. He could not
persist in the motion, although he still desired to
attain the object he had in view in makisg it—
namely, to ascertain the sense of the Seriate as to
the prepriety of re.simng that clause which hsd
given rise to so much debate. If that object could
not be accomplished in any other way, he now
gave notice ttiat he would renew ihe motion to
refer the bill to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
Mr. WALKER expressed himself in f^vor of
the bill in its present form, and had been its advo-
cate for five years. The Senator from Virginia
misconceived him, if he un' erstood him as desirin«
to make a motion to strike out the provision by a
unanimous vote. He had merely suggested to the
gentlemen favorable to the general objects of ihe
bill, but opposed to the provision for granting
lands, that they might, by unanimous consent, be
allowed to be placed in such a position as to en.
able them to take a direct vote on that point.
Mr. LINN remarked that the Senator from Vir-
ginia would see that the motion to strike out could
not come from the friends of the bill. The Senator
himself might make it.
Here a conversational discussion suvse as to the
best mode of attaining the object of taking a direct
vote on the land provision, and othei portions of
the bill coasideied objectionable; and it was at last
decided that the vote ordering the bill to bs en-
grossed, and the vote cn concurring in the amend-
ments of the committee of the whole, should be
reconsidered; which was done.
The bill then came up as in committee of the
whole asain; when
Mr. BENTON rose and stated lhat, to his utter
astonishment, cn looking te the map which the
Senator from Massachusetts had, when up a few
moments ago, presented to the Senate as evidence
ef the boundary line of 1783, he had found it was
Mitchell's old map of 1755. When the Senator
srgued from it, he (Mr. B.) and, he supposed, all
the Senate, took it forjgranted it was Mitchell's
improved map of some date subsequent to the
treaty of 1783. To his utier astonishment, he
found that a map printed eig'nt-and-twenty years
before the treaty of peace—a map printed in 1755
—was brought forward to show the boundary line
settled by a treaty of 1783 !
Mr. CHOATE said he had called for Mitchell's
map, and lhat it had been brought to him. His
object in u^ing it was to show the only water-
course known at the time.
Mr. BENTON remarked that Hunter's island
was not laid down in that map at all.
Here the subject of the map dropped, and the
discussion on the motion pending when the inter-
ruption occurred was resumed.
Mr. ARCHER now made the motion to strike
out the clause of the bill about which there had
been so much discussion, granting land to settlers
in the Oregon.
Mr. LINN demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON expressed the opinion that
the bill would be useless and valueless without the
clause holding oat inducements for persons to set-
tle that territory—the clause giving or promising
a bonus in land. He would vote against striking
it out. And if it was stricken out, he would not
vote for any appropriation, conceiving that it
would then be useless. The object of the bill was
to settle the country; and no settlement could be
obtained without ihe inducement. He hoped the
amendment would not prevail.
Mr. BAGBY seid he would vote to strike out the
clause; but, in thus voting he did not wish it to be
considered as an indication of a change of opinion
m regard to th  late tieaiy. The two subjects had
been connected m debating this question, which was
the reason why he thought it prof er that he should
make litis declaration. His opinions as to the late
treaty had undergone no change.
Mr. CALHOUN was understood to take excep-
tion to the manner in which the vole was about to
be taken. He understood that a general consent
had been given to a rec nsideration of the vote on
the engrossment, and on the amendment of the
committee of the whole to the bill, with a view to
afford those wiso had objections to the provisions of
the bill, besides the land clause, an opportunity to
have tnoae objectionable parts removed. But, as
the question was then presented, lhat opportunity
could loot be afforded. • If the land clause should
be stricken our, u would not remove his objections
to the bill. He had further objections to it. It was
his desire to make the provisions of the bill con-
form, is all respects, to existing treaty stipula-
tions. It was important that it should. With a
view of preserving his inclination to produce such
conformity, it was necessary that the bill should be
committed to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Gentlemen ccuid strike out the land provision, or
not, as u might please them; but he would stand
aioof, if his inclination to make the bill conform
in all its parts to the treaty stipulations could not
be preserved. It wa? well known that it was the
desire of a majority of those who had spoken
a?ainst the bill to have it committed to the Com-
mute on Foreign relation.; therefoie ihe vote
about to be taken could not remove that desire.
Some tonvCTsation here took place between
Messrs.SEViSR, WALKER,CALHOUN, KING,
and BUCHAN.-iN, a^ to the object for which the
general consent of the Senate had been given to
admit rnotk n for the reconsideration of the vote
on the engrossment of the bill. The discussion
was ended, however, by
Mr. CONRAD, who renewed the motion (which
had been previously made, bat withdrawn) to com-
mit the bill to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
