CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2#
zontal reduction of salaries, to move a more equal
distribution of pay—giving the little midshipmen
less, and the passed midshipmen and warrant offi-
cers more. A horizontal redaction of 20 per cent,
would make the pay lower than it was in 1835,
when all admitted that the pay was too low;
and when, after a full investigation, it was in-
creased.
He then went into an argument against the re-
duction of the navy—answering the objections
urged against its present strength, on the ground of
the prospect of permanent peace; and alleging the
extent of our commerce on every sea, as a reason
for the keeping up of our naval force. He ex-
plained the case of Commodere Jones, and the
capture of Monterey; and argued that, in case of
any resistance by the British fleet, Commodore
Jones would have been overpowered, and the
American flag struck. He advened to the state of
our trade in various parts of the world as being in
a declining state, whilst the English trade was in-
creasing; and all owing to the superior fleet of the
British.
Mr. McKEON offered an amendment to the
amendment, providing that no part of this appropri|
ation shall be applied to the pay of officers, or to
the equipping of .vessels, to be employed on the
coast of Africa,under the late treaty with Eagland.
The CHAIR deckled the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. PROFFIT then got the floor, and addressed
the Heuse for a few moments; when
Mr. McKEON interrupted him; and, not under-
Standing that his amendment bad been decided to
be out of order, wished to take an appeal.
The CHAIR said that it was too late to appeal;
and, after some conversation between Mes-srs. Mc-
KEON, PROFFIT, and the CHAIR,
Mr. PEOFflT proceeded with his remarks in
opposition to the amendment, and gave a statement
of the high pay and emoluments of the superior of-
ficers of the British navy as an argument why the
pay of the officers of our navy should not be re-
duced.
He gave way to a motion to rise, after speaking
some minutes; and the committee rose and re-
ported progress accordingly.
Mr. GILMER and Mr. I. D. JONES made
motions of reconsideration of votes passing two
several bills yesterday; which were entered.
Several Executive communications wera pre-
sented to the House, and referred. They were
the following:
From the War Department, in answer to a res-
olution submitted by Mr. J. P. Kennedy, call-
ing for the number of officers in the Baltimore
custom-house, &c ; another, authorizing a report
from the officer in charge of the Ordnance Bureau,
showing ihe expenses of the national armories for
the' year 1842; another, with estimates of the
appropriations for the War Department for the
j ear 1843, and the balance of appropriations;
another, showing the names of clerks iti that de-
partment; another, exhibiting the contingencies of
that department. There was also one from the
Post Office Department, with estimates for the
mail service for the year 1843.
The following Senate bills were read twice and
referred:
A bill for the relief of William Russell.
A bill for the relief of the owners and crew of
the schooner Twig.
Mr. STANLY, pursuant to notice, introduced
a bill to amend "An act entitled an act making ap-
propriations for the erection of a marine ho?pital
inN.oith Carolina;" which was read twice, and re-
ferred.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Commerce, reported a bill for the
relief of John Sands; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
On tfce motion of Mr. HOPKINS, the bill for
the relief of B. 0. Tayloe was modified, amended,
and passed. The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 6, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro km. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with the 90th section
of the act of August, 1842, a statement and re-
port of the expenditures of that department for the
^calendar year of 1842; which, on motion of Mr.
EVANS, was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the War Department, transmitting, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of the 24th
ultimo, copies of the contract made with John
Grant for dredging the channel of the Choctaw
pass, and other information concerning the subject;
which, on motion of Mr. WALKER, was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary having charge
of the claim of this individual.
Mr, CLAYTON and Mr. BUCHANAN pre-
sented two memorials from citizens of Pennsylva-
nia, askiag Congress to create $200,000,000 of
stock, to be based on the proceeds from the public
domain, to be distributed among the several States
and Territories in a representative ratio: referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition from M. Jones,
the widow of the late Samuel Jones, a revolution-
ary soldier, praying that the pension received by
her under the pension law of July 7, '1838, may be
revived to her: referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented joint resolu-
tions adopted by the Legislature of Indiana, urging
upon the Senators and Representatives from that
State to use their influence to procure the passage
of a law granting to that State all the unsold lands
in the Vincennes land district, for the purpose of
completing the Wabash and Erie Canal: referred
to the Cemmittee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of Franklin county, Penn-
sylvania, asking Congress without delay to repeal
the bankrupt law: ordered to lie on the table.
Memorials were presented by Messrs. BU-
CHANAN and STURGEON from citizens of the
city and county of Philadelphia, asking that Mr.
Kendall may be relieved from the restraint on his
personal liberty, in consequence of a verdict of
damages for $11,000, rendered aganst him, in fa-
vor of Stockton & Stokes, by the District court
of the District of Columbia, for conduct in dis-
charge of his official duty: referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the Board of Trade of the city of Pittsburg, ask-
ing Congress to make an appropriation for the
improvement of the Western rivers: referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. B. also presented two memorials (which,
by some strange accident, he said, had been mis-
laid for a day or two) from the Chamber of Com-
merce of Philadelphia: one asking for a recon-
struction of the pier at or near Port Perm and
Reedy island in Delaware river; and one in favor
of continuing the coast survey; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. LINN presented a petition from certain in-
habitants of the counties of Perry, Cape (Sirar-
dean, and Madison, praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Chester, in Illinois, to Farm-
ington, in Missouri: referred to the Committee on
the Post Ofibe and Post Roads.
Mr. L. also presented a petition from Richard Phil-
ips, of New Madrid county, Missouri, praying for
the passage of an act authorizing the survey of two
tracts of lar.d in the said county, and that the
patent for said land may be issued in his namt: re-
fcired to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the papers of
Thomas Ragsdale were ordered to be taken from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from Ai-
kin Smith, R. Kimball, and 195 others, citizens of
Lewi>i county, New York, piaying that in all fu-
ture treaties between the United S:ates and foreigu
powers, an article may be inserted, whenever inter-
national differences shall arise between such na-
tions, that they shall be left to aibitrators: refer-
red to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTINGTON presented- a* memorial
from citizens of Norwich, Connecticut, praying for
a reduction of postage on letters, and the abolishments
of the franking privilege: ordered to lie on the 
table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial, signed by-
citizens of Jefferson county, Ohio, Brooke county,
Virginia, and Washington county, Pennsylvania,
praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Washington, Pennsylvania, to Steubenville, Ohio;
referred to the Commit ee on the Post Office and.
Post Roads.
Mr. DAYTON presented a petition from John
Howell, Robert McNeely, and Wm. Potts, of New
Jersey, praying lo be relieved from tbe payment of
a certain judgment, assureties of Joseph J.Wilson,
late postmaster at Trenton: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from,
citizens of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, in fa-
vor of the plan for a board of exchequer recom-
mended by the Executive: ordered to Le on the
table.
* Also,presented a memorial from Jonah W. Kirk,
the inventor of a useful improvement, (being a
guard to protect steamboats navigating the Western
waters from snag?,sawyers, &c.,) praying that Con-
gress may purchase his right ot patent, so as to
make the invention free for pubic use; or, that
they make an appropriation to test its usefulness;
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from Jacob
Wagoner, ofUnion county, Illinois, praying permis-
sion to make a change in the entry of a tract of
land which was made through mistake: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial from citi-
zens of Harrison county, Mississippi, praying for
a donation of a section of lasad for ths purposes of
a manual-labor school: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presented additional testimony" in
support of the claim ofG. A. Worth; which was
referred to ths Judiciary Committee.
Mr. CHOATE rose, and said he presumed this
was as proper a moment as any other to say a word
(though he did so with great reluctance) concern-
ing a matter of personal insult towards himself.
His attention bad been called by a friend, on Satur-
day last, to an editorial .paragraph which repre-
sented him as having, in the debate upon the Ore-
gon bill, introduced into the Senate and exhibited
Mitchell's map, representing it as having ^traced
upon it the treaty line of 1842, and that, the mp
being found defective in this particular, the Sen-
ate immediately marked its di ?ppr> bation of the
intention to deceive. He conf<. t sed he was some-
what sensitive as to thismatter; and he took, there-
foie, the earliest opportunity, in the most public,
as well a? the most dignified manner, to contradict
the statement. It was not a mere caricature, to
which they were all exposed daily, but a deliberate
insult. The facts were these: The Senator from
Missouri had endeavored to strengthen his argu-
ments by reference to certain maps; and he (Mr.
C.) had briefly commented upon those maps, and
had also referred to Mitchell's map, which he had
stated was known to everybody; and that it had
been under the eye of the commissioners who ne-
gotiated the question of the Northwest boundary;
and that, although it was acknowledged to have
some errors, yet that it was considered by our ear-
ly diplomatists ass the best guide, and was adhered
to in almost all cases. He had, therefore, proceed-
ed to open, and to comment upon that old map,
pointing out what there was in it which he thought
strengthened his argument, and his general sug-
gestion upon the examination of the water com-
munication as laid down therein was, that that
route for which he had been contending was the only
continuous line of water communication; that the
line as delineated upon the map bore so strong
a resemblance to that specified in thetreatyof 1783;
and that it afforded to his mind some countenance
to the position for which he had contended. He
had not said that the actual boundary was laid
down in the map. There was, in fact, no North-
west boundary line delineated upon it; and he
would have supposed that tbe folly, the insanity of
pointing out lo the Senate a line which did not ex-
ist upon the map, would have uggested itself to
