244
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
even an unfriendly editor. Had there been a plain
boundary line drawn upon tbe map, it would not
have made out the point he was contending for;
for it was the water communication which formed
tbe subject of his temarks. And there was no
doubt whatever on his mind, that the water
communication delineated on the map was tbe
same as that described in the treaty.
There was a still more erroneous and insulting
statement made in latter part of the par? graph—
namely, thai he (Mr. C ) had withheld or suppress-
ed the fact that the map appeared to be dated prior
to 1783; and that when the true date was revealed,
it was received not only as a perfect answer to his
argument, but with an expression of disapproba-
tion at his audacity. That he, by anything he
had said or argued, endeavored to insinuate
that the map was of a date subsequent to 1783,
was totally and entirely destitute of a shadow of a
shade of foundation. He had characterized the
map as Mitchell's old map; the date was not in bis
mind at the time; but he had produced it as the
original map which was before the eye of the com-
missioners in 1783. The truth was, the date was
not at all necessary to his argument. And when it
was announced that the map was made before
1783, if any one (as represented in the paragraph
he had referred to) came near bursting with deris-
ion, he could only say that it was a total misap-
prehension of the issue that was made. If there
were any Senators about him whose recollection
coincided with his own, he would be extremely
glad to hear them so declare.
Mr. WOOD BRIDGE said, although he conceiv-
ed the necessity could hardly be supposed to exi t
for his saying anything in corroboration of the
statement just made by tbe Senator from Massa-
chu etts, yet, as an appeal had been made, he would
state that he certainly did distinctly recollect that
the argument of the honorable Senator wai found-
ed on the presumption—and the strong presump-
tion—that the view which the honorable Senator
had taken was the correct one, from the circum-
stance of the course of the water communication
westward from Lake Superior, as laid down in
that map, corresponding with the water commani-
cation contended for by the honorable Senator as
forming the boundary. As far as the article in the
Globe was concerned, be had not seen it, and knew
nothing about it; but, most assuredly, the remarks
made by the honorable Senator as lo the purport of
bis argument were substantially correct.
Mr. WALKER said the Senator from Massa-
chusetts certainly did call hts attention to the mat-
ter, and pointed out to him the map, as being the
old map of Mitchell; and his object seemed to be
to prove that the southern line of water communi-
cation corresponded with the line for which he had
been contending. He thought it due to the Sen-
ator to say that he did call hib attention particular-
ly to the map; but while he said this, he begged it
to be understood as having nothing to do with his
opinion as to the success or failure of the honorable
Senator la establishing his views.
Mr. SIMMONS said his attention had also been
called lo the map; and he had noticed that the
curvature in the line of water communication cor-
responded with that which the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts argued was the true boundary. And he
noticed, also, that there seemed to be no line of
water communication north of Hunter's island.
He recollected the reference made by the honorable
Senator from Missouri to the daio of the map; for
he was struck with the iingu'arity of the objection,
and said to those about him at the time, that the map
mast, of course, have been published before the
date of the treaty, or else bow could the commis-
sioners have had it before them?
Here the subject dropped.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the bill making
appiopriation for the support of the army and mil
itary academy for the hast' calendar year ending
on the 30th June, 1843, and for the fiscal yearbe-
sinning on the 1st July, 1843, and ending on tbe
30th June, 1844.
Mr. SEVIER presents! a letter from John Rod-
gers and others, Cherokee Indians, on tbe subject
of their claim against the United States; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. S. also presented certain resolutions, adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Arkansas, in favor of
appropriations to building of forts and construct-
ing military roads in that State: referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CONRAD presented a petition from George
G. Payne, praying allowance for the revolution-
ary services ®f his grandfather, by granting the
haif-pay as lieutenant colonel from the end of the
war to the time of his death in 1825, to which he
was entitled: referred to the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the bill
of the House to change the place of holding the
circuit court for the district of Maine, from the town
of Wiscasset to Portland and Bangor.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Senate then
proceeded to consider the bill as in committee of
the whole; and there being no proposition to amend
the same, it was reported to the Senate, read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. CONRAD, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of Joseph
Roby, of New York; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of the State of Maine,
instructing the Senators, and requesting the Rep-
resentatives from that State, to use their continued
exertions to procure the immediate and uncondi-
tional repeal of the bankrupt law; which were read,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER rose and said that on Friday last,
when the Oregon bill was upon its passage, he had
voted in the affirmative, for the purpose of entitling
himself to move a reconsideration. He now made
that motion.
Mr. LINN inquired whether the bill was in the
possession of the Senate; and, if so, by what rule
of the body it was in its possession.
Mr. ARCHER replied that the bill was still in
the possession of the Senate; and in order to ex-
onerate the officer of the Senate from any blame
which mighfbe imputed to him, be felt it his duty
to state that he had mentioned to him the fact that
he intended to move a reconsideration.
The CHAIR stated that this having been an-
nounced, and two days being allowed by the rule
within which the motion for reconsideration might
be made, he conceived that no blame could prop-
erly be attached to any one on account of its de-
tention.
Mr. LINN said he did not think that this got
over the difficulty. If such a course were permis-
sible, it would put the fate of questions of the
greatest importance in the power cf one or two in-
dividuals. It could never have been intended by
the rule that a gentleman who intended to move
the reconsideration of a vote should have nothing
more to do than to go to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate, and tell him that such was his intention. It
was just as easy for the gentleman from Virginia
to have given notice to the Senate of his intention.
He did not intend lo impute anything improper to
his excellent friend from Virginia; but he must be
permitted to say that he certainly thought that gen-
tleman was one of the very last who would have
resorted lo a parliamentary manoeuvre. It must
be obvious to every one that this was not the cor-
rect course to be pursued in the Senate of the
United States. It was generally supposed that
tfee bill had gone to the other House; and he
would venure the assertion, that many Sen-
ators never knew of the honorable gentle-
man's intention until this moment. The ad-
vantage, then, which the mover would have, was
obvious; he could have his friends about him,
while his opponents would have no opportunity
of resisting tbe motion. The Senate would of
course proceed, if they saw fit; but he mast be
permitted to say it was an anomalous proceeding,
and which, if followed, would lead to much mis-
chief.
Mr. ARCHER replied. He thought tbe matter
could be set right with very few words. The hon-
orable gentleman from Missonri might be
assured that he did not consider him as design-
ing to throw any unwarrantable imputation upon
him, or upon any other Senator, in reference to
ttis matter; it was not according to the honorable
gentleman's habit to do anything of this kind; and
he thought he should be able to convince him that
he was mistaken as to what he considered the
impropriety of the course which he had taken in
regard to this matter.
He was informed that ihe invariable usage had
been, in such cases, precisely such as he had pur-
sued. Besides, it was declared, by a rale of the
Senate, that two days of actual sitting should be
allowed, witbin which the motion might be made.
It could not, then, be in accordance with what was
right, whether it had been the practice or not, that
the bill should pass from the Senate until he bad
had an opportunity of availing himself of the rule.
If an irregular usage had grown up, it ought not to
fee urged as a sufficient reason for setting aside the
rule altogether.
But again, to show the honorable Senator that he
was mistaken: when was it that tbe bill passed?
Late on the evening of Friday. When was the
next juridical day of the session? Saturday was
no!. There was, then, no day when it could be
within the competency of the Secretary to send
away the bill. The vote was taken after the usual
hour for adjournment. When the utmost degree of
impatience was manifested throughout the Senate
for an adjournment, it might not have been in his
power to procure the consideration of his motion;
because it might, at any time, be superseded by a
motion for adjournment. The Secretary must stand
acquitted; for he had done only what he had been
accustomed to do in like cases; and, as for himself,
he must appeal to his honorable friend to say if he
had not communicated to him his intention to
move a reconsideration. Did that look like a clan-
destine proceedinp?
Mr. CALHOUN made some remarks which
were but indistinctly heard by the reporter; after
which,
Mr. LINN said he supposed there was nothing
left for him 'out to retreat as gracefully as he could.
He had spoken more particularly with reference
to tbe uncertainty of the usage, and of the necessity
for having some definite and general rule upon the
subjfet. This question of reconsideration was
then (it being suggested by Mr. SEVIER that two
or three Senators were absent) postponed until to-
morrow at one o'clock.
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, the previous
orders were postponed, and the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in committee of the whole, the bill
to amend the several acts establishing the Treasury
Department, being
THE EXCHEQUER BILL.
The bill amendatory of the several acts in rela-
tion to the regulation of the treasury of the United
States, was accordingly taken up, as in committee
of the whole.
Mr. TALLMADGE addressed the Senate on
the subject for about an hour, in explanation of the
provisions and probable effects of the bill, should
it become a law.
He regretted that he had not been able, bsfore
this time, to bring forward his measure. The de-
lay had not originated with him. It was at the so-
licitation of other gentlemen he had been induced
to accede to its postponement. It had been made
the special order for a day passed over some weeks
ago; but an important measure (the Oregon bill)
was under discussion when that day came, and the
present bill was necessarily postponed from time
to time, with an expectation that the other would
be disposed of, so that the attention of the Senate
would be more concentrated on this measure. He
had made this explanation to exonerate himself
from any imputation of neglecting to call it up,
and to show that he had acted in perfect good faith
with regai d to his avowed intention of bringing it
forward at the earliest possible day.
The general design of this bill was to do some-
thing for the relief of the country in relation to the
currency and exchanges. It is, in some sense, the
same bill as that reported by the select committee
last session of Congress, of which he had the honor
