CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
245
of being chairman. The report made by thai
committee was full and elaborate, containing the
views of the members with whom he concurred;
and it was so ample and satisfactory, in bis mind,
as to require little additional argument on his part
in its support. He would not, at present, go into
details, which gentlemen bad doubtless seen in that
report. He would content himself with stating
very briefly a few leading points, on which the
whole question must necessarily depend. Now,
as the proposition is to do something for the cur-
rency and exchanges of the country, ti.e first
question which arises is, Does the country
stsnd in need of the interposition of the Gen-
eral Government? He believed it would be con-
ceded that the condition of the country was such
as to require relief. He would not undertake
to describe that condition—for his imagination
could not furnish him expressions adequate to the
description. He could not depict the wreck of pri-
vate fortune and public credit which had taken
place within the last few years throughout the
lengih and breadth of the land. Here is a coun-
try, with all the element of prosperity—teeming
with fertility—and yet with a people starving in
the midst of abundance; distress, poverty, and
ruin staring them in the face; while the abun-
dance of our harvests is breaking down our grana-
ries for want of a remunerating market. For all
this, there must be some adequate cause. He, and
those wilh whom he generally concurred in politi-
cal views, felt satisfied thai, although tbere might
be many causes, yet the main one was 10 be found
in the derangement of the currency and the ex-
changes of the country. There might be a diver-
sity of opinion as to the origin of that derange-
ment of currency and exchanges; but there could
be none as to the existence of the fact.
He believed most seriously that the besetting sin
of the country was, that questions, which in thcm-
s Ives were purely national questions of general in-
terest for the whole communily, were made the
arena of political strife and Ihe watchwords for
jolitical battle. As long as such questions as bank
or no bank are made the watchwords of parly, de-
rangement of the currency end exchanges will con-
tinue, and the consequent derangement of the whole
business affairs of the community. It was high
time to drop these party distinctions, and think of
the distress of the country, with a view of afford-
ing such relief as could be derived from our legis-
lation. The first consideration m the Congress of
the United States should be, how it can best fulfil
its duty to the country. He should not hesitale to
say that it is its duty to unite on some such meas-
ure of relief as ihat now proposed by this bill. The
time, however, was gone by for asking what ought
to be done; and the question now is, What can be
done? The people are crying out lor relief; they
are looking to this Government for that relief. And
are gentlemen to fold their arms, and say they can
do nothing? Here is a measure which will do
something. It may not accomplish all that cculd
be desired; but it will accomplish much. It will
afford considerable relief.
It proposes nothing that is not perfectly consist-
ent with the constitutional powers of ihe Govern-
ment—powers necessarily conferred on it for ihe
collecting, safekeeping, and disbursement of the
public revenue. If, in effecting these objects, fa-
cilities for exchanges and currency can be given,
it is the duly of the General Government to give
them. The provisions of this bill aim at nothing
more.
Different modes of effecting the objects of col-
lecting, safekeeping, and disbursing ihe revenue,
in connexion with the regulation of the currency
and exchanges, had been tried since the foundation
of this Government. One was through Ihe soe-
dium of a United States bank; another, through that
of the pet-bank system; and a third, through that of
the sub-treasury or independent treasury.
Mr. T. entered into a long historical detail of
the operation of each of tbese systems, which he
summed up in the conclusion—that a revival of
any one of ihem, at the present time, was hopeless,
if not impracticable.
Facts should be taken as they exist. It was nut
what one party or another wished to accomplish,
but c. uld not accomplish, should be considered;
but what could be effected. Gentlemen who look-
ed to a national bank, even if all their anticipa-
tions could be realized in 1844, would not be able
to do anything for the relief of the country for
seven years to come. It would take them the next
long session after 1844 to get through a bill. It
would take another year to negotiate the stock;
another to get the bank into operaiion; and at least
another before the country would begin to feel any
effects from its operation. What sort of relief
would'this hold out to the present distress under
which the country was bleeding at every poie?
Now is the acceptable time to do something. It
was demanded now, and it was the business and
the duty of Congress to meet the demand.
When this plan of an exchequer came up last
session, considerable discussion took place on the
question of reference. In that discussion he (Mr.
TaLLMADHE) did not take part, wishing to reserve
himself for an unbiassed consideration in commit-
tee, should he be one of its members. The meas-
ure had, however, been so fully and so ably de-
bated, that ihe views of Senators were disclosed
at large, and the objections on every side were
thoroughly understood.
When, therefore, the subject was referred to a
special committee, of which he had the honor to
be chairman, it became the duty of the committee
to weigh all those objections, and to give to them
all the importance they deserved. The bill now
before the Senate had been framed and amended
with these objections specially in view; and it was
confidently hoped by the committee that they had
accomplished the task of preparing a measure
which steered clear of them all.
The first class of objections related to the "Exec-
utive power which might influence the institution.
That, the committee proposed to obviate by the
manner of appointing the commissioners—re-
quiring the sanction of the Senate, and rendering
them incapable of being removed, unless on spe-
cial grounds, and wiih the assent of the Senate.
The principle was further carried out in relation to
the subordinate officers.
The second class of objections related to the
purchase of, and dealing in, bills of exchange.
That provision the committee had stricken from
the bill, fully satisfied that it was a dangerous one,
likely to lead to abuses of the worst kind. They
substituted for it the power of selling bills of ex-
change for specie deposites; and the power of col-
lecting bills of exchange lodged for lhat purpose,
and payable in specie.
Mr. T. pointed out the advantages which would
be afforded throughout the Union by this mode of
extending facilities for the transmission of funds
from one point to another.
The third class of objections ralated to the using
of the powers of the Government for controlling
the currency and monetary circulation of the coun-
try, by a currency of its own.
Now he held to ths doctrine, that the Government
ought not to anticipate its revenues by promises to
pay; for its affairs should be so regulated that Us
income should not only be sufficient for its wsnts,
but sufficient to keep in the treasury a surplus of
from three to five millions of dollars, to meet
unforeseen demands. And if at any time it is
driven to the necessity of anticipating its means, it
could be done by the temporary expedient of treas-
ury notes—not to be used as circulation, but in the
manner which experience had sanctioned. It
should not go beyond its anticipated revenue, which
would come in for the redemption of these treas-
ury notes. If it did make use of its credit to obtain
a circulation beyond its anticipated means, the
country could experience no relief from the excess,
because it would only act as a means of driving
out of circulation an equal quantity of the
medium in operation at the lime, or not circulate
at all. The committee had therefore discarded
from ihe bill anything like a proposition to author-
ize a credit circulation. They proposed that the
bills to be issued should be only for specie deposited,
dollar for dollar. This was to be the foundation of
the issues. It might be supposed this would not
afford any relief, or, if it did, a very limited one.
But he would reply that it must affo ^ery great
relief, and of that peculiar aad practical kind
which was felt to be necessary by every one who
had the least occasion to pass from one part of the
Union to the other.
Mr. T. here entered into particulars, to show the
practical operation. Persons would be able to gravel
all over the Union with the funds of ihe institution,
transact business anywhere with them, make remit-
tances to or from any point, and enjoy all the facil-
ities which used to be afforded by United States
Bank notes.
It was not desirable that it should be a bank :o
afford facilities for credit, as persons of good stand-
ing and credit could obtain the relief of advances
on their notes from the local banks, and with the
proceeds they could obtain from this ins itution
bills of exchange to make their remittances.
It was his conviction that the circulation it would
thus afford would be equal to ihe average circula-
tion of the Bank of the United States, which was
about ten millions. F. r a long time, it had been
but six millions; and, in most cases, it had as much
specie in its vaults as it had bank-notes in circu-
lation. In such cases, its operations must have
been the same, so far as regarded circulation, as
the operations proposed by this bill.
The effect on the ordinary circulating mediums
of the States was fully examined id the details of
the committee's report, to which he referred.
On the whole, he hoped, when Senators would
come fully to investigate the subject, and to view
it wilh a single eye to the reliel cf the cout.trj,
they would feel satisfied that, while the measure
could not be objected to on const it uional groucds,
it would not only (so far as the Government was
concerned) effect all the objects proposed, of col-
lecting, safekeeping, and disbursing the public
revenues; but it would enable it toperform a duty
which it owed to the country—of affording that re-
lief which alone could be given by the establish-
ment of a sound currency and a uniformity of ex-
changes. Whatever might be the coarse of oth r
Senators, he, at least, should console himself, un-
der any disposition that might be made of the bill,
with the proud consciousness t! a', in bringing it
forward, and advocating it as he..had done, be had
not only performed his du y to his constituents,
but to the country at large
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed till to-morrow.
Then,
On motion by Mr. MILLER, the bill for re- .
paving and repairing Pennsylvania avenue was :1
taken up as in committee of the whole; and the sev- >
eral amendments of ths Committee on the District >
of Columbia havirg bten adop'ed, it was reported '!
to ihe Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. }
PRIVATE MAIL EXPRESSES.
|Tbe Senate then proceeded to consider, as in com-
mittee of the whole, the unfinished business of the
morning hour of Thursday last—beiag the bill to
prevent the employm"<u of p.ivate expresses upon
mad routes, and for ihe prevention of frauds upon
the revenues of the Post Office Department; -the
question pending being the amendment proposed
by Mr. Porter, to strike out of the second and fifth
sections the words "or other mailable matter what-
ever;" the effect of which proposition would be, it
adopted, to permit all matter, except letters, to be
conveyed by private expresses.
Mr. MERRICK supposed that the amend men
which he introduced on Thursday last, as an ad
ditional section to the bill, defining the meaning to
be attached to the words "mailable matter," by
prescribing what matter was to be charged with
postage, would remove the objections of 'he Sena-
tor from Michigan, [Mr. Pouter ] TWa amend-
ment was submitted with the view of removing the
objections of that Senator; be presumed, there-
fore, he would waive his am""?'linenl to strike out
the words proposed.
Mr. PORTER replied, substantially, that theob
jectson which he had to the use of the wt rds "mail
able matter," on account of tha indefinite meaning
which m ght be attached to them, rrrght be re-
moved by the amendment defining what was mail
able matter. But he had a further objection, which
was not removed by the amendmentThat ob-
