CONGRESSIONAL GLOfclS.
£40
simply a question of dollars and cents to the officers,
and, as such only, should be considered. When
the present Secretary of the Navy came into office,
he made a large addition to the officers, much greater
than had been made in any preceding administra-
tion; and the number, therefore, being so greatly in-
creased, offered another reason why the pay should
be cut down. If (said Mr. J ) you must have so
many officers, you must have them at a lower pay.
The chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr.
Wise,] in his remarks on this subject the oiher
day, had made a mistake, which he wished to cor-
rect. The gentleman sa'd that there was but lit-
t'e increase of the pay of the officers by the act of
1835; and he went on to say, that, if the amend-
ment prevailed, it would cut them down to less
than what they received prior to that act. Now,
by the act of 1835, the increase of pay, according
to his understanding of it, amounted to but little
short of one hundred per cent. The report of the
Secretary of the Navy o£ the 1st March, 1842,
showed that, prior to the act of 1835, captains re-
ceived $100 per month, and eight rations per day;
and that .would amount to the sum of $1,950,
which common captains were entitled to. He
was aware that, besides this, they had extra al-
lowances for fuel and quarters, &c ; but he appre-
hended that these emoluments did not amount to
more than five or six hundred dollars per year—
making, in all, a pay of $2,500 per year. But,
under the act of 1835, the senior captain was enti-
tled to §4,500; captains commanding squadrons to
$4,000; and captains on leave, $3,500. Now, this
showed for the senior captain a pay of nearly one
hundred per cent, over the pay prior to 1835. In
addition to this $4,500,he receives one ration per day.
The gentleman, in hi# history of the act of 1835, gave
the mode in which an investigation was made by a
committee of the House into the pay of the offi-
cers, and their expenses of living; and siid that
the naval officers were admitted to the conferences
of the committee. Now, he apprehended that if
the gentleman would call the officers of the other
departments of the Government before a commit-
tee, to inquire what pay they should receive, he
would find none of them disposed to be very eco-
nomical. He would observe, however, that, at
the time the act of 1835 was passed, the Govern-
ment had so much money that iidid not know what
to do with it; and hence the liberal scale by which
the pay of the navy was gradua'ed.
Mr. WISE asked if he was to understand the
gentleman that the pay of the captains was advanced
nearly one hundred per cent, by the act of 1835
The gentleman admitted that they received $2 500
prior to 1835, so that' a reduction of twenty per
cent, would bring them down to where thsy were
when that act was passed. Mr. W. tb£n referred
to the English and French services. The pay of
British flag officers, [admiral:-,] was 12,775 dollars
per annum; that of French re tr admirals, 42,112
francs, or 8,200 dollars per annum.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON apprehended that the
gentleman would not contend that we ought to give
our post captains as much as admirals in the Brit-
ish navy. It was not the question, with u«, what
the British or F'ench Governments paid their
officers; but the question was, what we should give
our naval officers, in proportion fo the salaries of
other officers of the Government, the services render-
ed by them, and the rate of living in thi-country.
In 1835, when the act was passed, t .e price of
every article of living was almost double what it
now is, and the country had Us treasury full to
overflowing. Now, the treasury was empty, and
the prices of living were very much reduced,
When they came to look at the pay of the senior
captains, ($4,500,) they would find that, there were
very few officers of the Government who received
such high salaries; and yet there were sixty-eight or
sixty-nine of them, when there was no eanhly
reason why there should be so many.
If the amendment of the gentleman from Geor-
gia prevailed, naval captains would then get $3,600
per annum, and commanders $2,100. Lieutenants
now received $1,800 per yeat—more thin a mem-
ber of Congress; and he would ask if there was
anything in the service of these officers that entitled
then to greater pay than membezs of that House?
Compare the labors of one with the other, together
with the compensation they received, and it would
be agreed by all that members of that House would
do well to exchange with officers of the navy. He
admitted the importance ef the navy; yet he could
not agree that there was any necessity for increas-
ing the number of officers to the extent that had
been done by the present Secretary. He trusted
that the next Congress, when they come here,
would take up the navy and army boih, and bring
them down to a size commensurate with the pres-
ent situation of the country. The expenditures of
the Government never could be brought within
reasonable limits until both these branches of the
public service were greatly reduced.
Mr. FESSENDEN opposed the amendment at
considerable length, and objected to the mode in
which the reduction was proposed to be made—in
an appropriation bill, instead of a special bill for
the purpose, after a mature' examination of the
whol^subjeet by a committee of the House. He
was not satisfied with the arguments brought for-
ward by the gentlemen from Georgia and Ten-
nessee, that the expenses of living were so much
reduced below what they were in 1835, that the
pay of the officers should be reduced accordingly.
He had seen no evidence of this, and did not be-
lieve that the navy officers were subjected 10 less
expense for living now, than they then were. He did
not believe that the reduction of the pay of the
navy was the proper way to correct the abuses in
it; and he thought that many of these abuses were -
more to be charged to the administration at the
head of the Government than to the navy. It was
the restoration of officers to their rank and pay, who
had been broken by the proper tribunals, that
tended more to destroy the discipline and efficiency
of the navy than anything else. He commented
on the restoration of Captain Levy, after being
court-martialed four times; and of the evil influ-
ence which such examples exercised in the navy.
He quoted the opinion of a distinguished officer,
that Democracy would be subversive of all order
on board a man of-war; and reprobated inflamma-
tory addresses on shore respecting the navy, which
were productive of a disorganizing spirit in the
service. He then proceeded with some remarks
on the subject generally.
Mr. GORDON said it reemed to be conceded
on all hands that in the year 1835 the pay
of officers in the navy was very much increased;
and the chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs [Mr. Wi-e] had undertaken to account for
that increase on the ground that the pay of the of-
ficers before that time was insufficient. Now, his
recollection was (though he was not a member of
this House at that time, and his information was
consequently derived from what was published in
the newspapers of the day) that the ground of eom-
plnint was not so much that the officers of the
navy were under paid, as that they were not so we:i
paid as the officers of the army and the officers
employed m other branches of the public service.
This general recollection of his was strengthened
by a document which he held in his hand. He
theft quoted from that document (which was con-
tained in Gales and Seaton's Debates) the follow-
ing statement:
"There are now but four captains of the navy
corr.mandit g squadrons—called commodores by
courtesy—who each receive, while employed as
such, $100 per month - - $1,200 00
Sixteen tations per jl em, at 25 cents 1,440 00
Allowance for cabin fuiniture - 300 00
Major general's pay per year -
Balance in favor of major general
§2,940 00
8,807 64
45 867 64
Brigadier general's pay and emoluments,
including fuel at $150 - - §6,048 32
Captain of the navy, commanding a ship
of the line - 2,160 00
Balance in favor of brigadier general - §3,888 33
All the brigadiers in the army receive the pay of
major generals; and nearly, if not quite, all the
colonels receive brigadier's pay; while the sea pay
of a captain in the navy, with all his allowances,
is per year .... $2,160
Shore pay ..... 1,930
Master commandant's sea pay, with extra
furniture, i3 . . . . J,350
Shore pay . . . . • 1,170
Lieutenant's . . . . 960"
This, then, was the ground, or one of the grounds,
of the increase of pay in 1835. The complaint
was, that they were not as well paid as the officers
of the army; but those, gentlemen who advocated
that increase of pay, did not inquire whether the
officers of the army were, or were not, paid too
much. There could be no doubt but that the pros-
perity of the times, the inflation of the currency,
and the high price of every commodity, had an ef-
fect, at that time, upon the regulation of the pay
of the officers of the navy. But now there was a
change in the condition and circumstances of the
country; and the property and produce of the coun-
try were now extremely low, and the means of liv-
ing were far cheaper than in the year 1835. The
country was returning from an inflated ^aper to a
specie—a real end a constitutional currency. They
were coming back to the commercial currency of
the world, irom one of expanded paper promises;
and he saw no good reason why the salaries of the
officers, which were fixed in times of inflation,
should not change with a change of circumstances.
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs had likewise said that the pay of tb. officers
of the American navy was two thirds less than the
pay of the officers in the British navy; and he
went further, and said it was necessary to hold up
their pay at the present high rates, that when on
foreign stations they might entertain foreign princes.
But he (Mr. G.)/ventured to assert that the salary
of no captain, be it what it might, if he gave en-
tertainment to foreign princes on board his ship,
paid for that entertainment. It was somehow
made up out of ihe stores of the ship, or somehow
or other—he knew not how it was managed—was
paid for by the Government of the country.
Mr. WISE called for proof of that, by the pro-
duction of a single case. He said be denied that it
was so.
Mr. GORDON challenged the gentleman from
Virginia to produce proof that the salary of any
American officer ever paid for such entertainments
to foreign princes.
Mr. WISE said he could inform the gentleman
from New York that, by the laws of the United
States, a captain could not charge the expenses to
this Government of the entertainments which (in
the Mediterranean, for instance) a captain must
necessarily give to a French or an English admi-
ral who had previously entertained such American
officer on board his ship. And there was not a
naval officer in our set vice, who wears two epau-
lettes, who would not disdain the imputation that
thev steal the means to furnish their hospitality.
Mr. KING made some observations which were
not beard at the reporter's desk.
Mr. GORDON said all he intended was to ex-
press his deep convction that the.e entertainments
were not paid for out of the sa'-aries of the offi-
cers.
Mr. C. BROWN said it wss on record, from the
head of one of the bureaus, that officers in the navy
had taken the ship-stores. The charge was made
that the officers had used the wine shipped for hos-
pital purposes.
Mr, WISE denied that such was the fact. He
knew what the charge wa?, and it was entirely dif-
ferent.
Mr. GORDON continued. Let that be as it
might, he had bis opinion on the subject, and he
ventured to say that the country had its opinion;
and gen'lcmrn nvght make tbete what statements
they pleased. But did the efficiency of our navy de-
pend on the ab.lity to give entcitainment to foreign
princes? Was the navy organized for that pur-
pore?
The chairman of the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs had said it took twenty years to educate a
lieutenant for the navy; that they might build a
ship in three months, but that ihey could not make
an officer in less than twenty yeais. But if it took
