350
CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
so long, he (Mr. G.) was satisfied that they had
duller apprehensions than he supposed them to
have. He rather should conclude that the state-
ment was an exaggeration, and a far-fetched argu-
ment, to sustain the pay of those officers at its pres-
ent rate.
He knew it might be said—and probably it had
been said—that they ought not to draw a compari-
son between the pay of officers of the navy
and the pay of officers of the ctvil depart-
ments of our Government, because the officers of
the navy had our fighting to do, and had to encoun-
ter the perils 6f the sea. But they were now about
to regulate the pay of those officers in a time of
profound peace; they were not now requiied to en-
counter the penis of battle—unless, indeed, the ta-
king of Monterey, and the whipping of our sea-
men, and the exercise of tyranny over the appren-
tices, were worthy to be so characterized. The
gentleman from Maine had alluded to the case of
Capt. Levy; and, from that case, he travelled into
an argument against the extension of the principles
of Democracy to the navy; and thence deduced an
argument m favor of high salaries, because high
salaries were necessary to sustain that branch of
aristocracy.
Mr. FE3SENDEN explained.
Mr. GORDON reiterated the language quoted by
thegentleman from Maine, irom a post-captain—
that the principles of Democracy might do very
■well on land, bat they would not answer on board
a man-of-war; and coupled this with the earnestness
with which the gentleman from Maine contended
for high salaries, that that branch of our aristoc-
racy might ape the mannsrs and practices of the
officers of the British navy. That perfect equality
could be established on board a man-of-war, he
did not pretend to assert: bat an approach might
be made to it, by a regulation of the pay of our
officers.
He wished there was more practical talent in the
navy, less aristocracy, and less disposition on the
part of the officers to lord it over their inferiors.
He wished to see more humanity exercised, and
more practical knowledge and experience mani-
fested. He solemnly believed that the navy was
now on the road to ruin; and what was accomplish-
ing 11? He answered, the military vanity ot tbe
officers, which, as it were, sublimated their com-
mon sense, and put high-flown notions into their
heads. Indeed, he almrst began to believe ihat the
navy, as at present organized, should be abolished,
and a better and more pi actical organization
brought about. lie did not like lo see so many
midshipmen selected froii' one State; nor did he like
to see those who were bred up in commcicial circles
overlooked, for the purpose of selecting young men
of aristocratical pretensions.
[Here a message from the President, by the
hands of R. Tyler, esq, announced that ho hid
signed and approved eeitain bills ]
As he was saying, he had begun to think that it
would be better to aboli:h th« navy, and organize
it on a more practical basiv. He wai no memy to
the navy. He was, on th" contrary, proud of it as
the right arm of our national defence. He was
proud of what it bad aco mp'e-hed—of what it had
done; r.ot of what it was no" do.r.g. Fie ivjuld
not feel any gratification at what hed recently oc-
curred on the Pacific ocean; nor was he proud of
what was done in the cat? of Captain Levy, who
was tried by a court-mar'xal, anl ca'-h eied, hut
whose semence was partly remitted by the Prr si-
dent. He was not proud of tbe fact :lsat many of
our ships lay rotting at foreign ports. He vishrd
to see the efficiency of ibe navy re:>tote); and he
thought it could best be done by c.-.ttirg do *.*n the
high salaries. The p.iy of (he ofhc-TS vp.s rjow f-i
high as to produce a combination of i: flue tire,
which overpowered the Executive. Crowds of ap-
plicants were always ready to go into the service:
and the consequence was, that rhe number of offi-
cers was continually increased beyond the wants
of the country. There werj two cl-tss-js of men in
this countrj: the first were willing to serve their
country for a reasonable compensation, and do
their daty, for the honor of the places they might
have been called to fill; the other class fough'for
pay, tor plunder and the spoils—ever scrarahhog
for places where the pay was high, and always
beleaguering the appointing power.
He would again call the attention of the com-
mittee to the case of Captain Levy, who was so
unjustly treated for no crime whatever. What
was the offence for which a court-martial deter-
mined that Captain Levy*.-ho old be dismissed from
the navy? A boy on board his ship disobeyed an
order, and mocked his officer. Captain Levy—in-
stead of applying to his bare back the cat-o'-nine-
tails until (he flesh was cut open, and the blood
streamed down—determined to shame the boy, by
applying a little tar and a few feathers; thus in-
flictirg a less cruel, but much more effectual pun-
ishment. The case was passed over by the late
Secretary of the Navy; and not until the present
Secretary came into office was the matter dug up,
and Captain Levy brought to trial before a court-
martial. He was subjected to an immense ex-
pense, and sentenced to be dismissed from tj?e ser-
vice. The President interfered, and commuted tha
sentence to one year's suspension. All this was
because Captain Levy lesorted to the less cruel
and more humane punishment of tar and feathers,
instead of snipping the boy, and lacer'a.ing his per-
son in the presence of the whole ship's company !
Such was a specimen of the manner in which jus-
tice was administered in the navy!
But what was the difference between (he pay of
officers of the-navy now, and that prior to 1835?
He averred that, in most cases, the pay had been
nearly doubled. In 1835, there were four post-
captains commanding squadrons, who received
$2,940 each. The same officers now received
$4,500 each. So in relation to other salaries, he
thought a similar elevation would be found to have
taken place. But there was some excuse for the
increase of pay at that time. The treasury was
full, the national deb! paid off, the country flooded
wi'.h bank paper, everything inflated, money cheap,
whilst the necessaries of life sold at a high price.
These several circumstances combined, made some
excuse for the incrcp.se of pay in 1835. The re-
duction of salaries 20 per cent, would not bring
the pay of the navy to where it was before that
year. Even if the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Meriwether] should succeed,
the pay ol the officers would remain higher than it
was before the year 1835.
Wh'lst he was in favor of reduction generally,
he would remark (hot theie were some whose sal-
eries ought not lo be reduced. Did he hav  it in
his power, he would so modify the amendment of
(he gentleman from Georgia as to make ihe reduc-
tion therein directed apply only to officers receiving
more than §1,000 per annum. A? the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Pboffxt] had remarked, there
were many officers in the navy who actually re-
ceived far less compensation than the lacqueys of
this Government, and of the House of Represent-
atives. He (Mr. G ) wished to restore equality in
the pay of those who were in the naval service.
The sailor was not, he (housbt, so well paid, in
proportion, as the officer who commanded him; nor
wete the petty officers so well remunerated as (hose
of a higher giade. He was in favor of republic-
anism in our navy, and opposed to the infliction of
urticces aiy punishment. He wished to see the
American navy rendered efficient—not effeminated,
by officers biongbi up in tbe lap of luxury. He
did not desire ti see or hear of *o many " frolics
given on board our ve.seIs of war to fore'gn
princes and grandees, where our < fficers would
"Catoh (lie manners living as they iho,''
and import them into this country. Too many
forei?n habits had a'ready been imported—too
much affectat'on aliendy introduc?d into our so-
ciety trom abioad; and pore had had a giea'er
agency in ih's importation of foreign cn«toms than
our navy officers. Gentlemen on this floor were
continually holding up (he navies of England and
Frarce rs rao.iels for cur imi'auon—ves, holding
up the old monarchies of Europe as fit examples
to be followed, in lespect 'o their marine, by a
republican Government ! There was, he thought,
no need of cur going to Europe, or anywhere else,
(o learn experience necessary for the management
of our ships. There is talent enough in this coun-'
try for that; and captains enough in the merchant
and whaling service, who, in the emergency of
war, would be fully capable to take the command
of onr national vessels. At present, there was no
danger of war. The people of this country had
tbe best guaranty of peace with England. They
held a mortgage to secure that object, and, as long as
ths Canadas remained colonies of Great Britain,
England would not dare to bring about hostilities.
There was no danger of a hostile controversy in re-
lation to our Northwestern territory. So long as
we stood up for our rights, we should be able to
maintain them, without any obstacle from the Eng-
lish Government.
He concluded by expressing the hope that the
amendment would be so modified as to exempt
from reduction the pay for these services which
had been rendered by officers since the commence-
ment of the half calendar year, and also that the
salaries of officers under $ 1,000 would not be re-
duced. But, even if these modifications could not
be made, he should vote for the amendment.
Mr. TILLING HAST opposed the amendment.
He was at a loss to know whether it proposed a
deduction from ihe pay of officers, or an income
tax upon their salaries. He contended that it
would be manifestly unjust to make such a hori-
zontal reduction. This horizontal reduction would,
it was true, take from the superfluities of one class;
but it also took from the necessities of another. A
commodore with $4,500 might afford lo lose 20 per
cent of his pay; but how hard would it go with the
midshipman serving on shore to lose $60 out of
POO? He argued that though the salary of the
commodore might seem high, the highest qualifica-
tions and the longest service were required in order
to obtain that post. Even the cashier of a respec-
table bank, serving oa land, and with none of the
delicate and responsible duties of the comrsedore at
sea, wiih no lives to preserve, received $5,000.
Why, then, should objection be made to tbe salary
of $4,500 for a commodore? Mr. T. then went
into a comparison of the pay and emoluments
received by the officers of the navy prior to the
act of 1835, with what they now receive, in order
to show that the increase was not so great as the
gentleman from Tennessee contended.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia, after a few prelimi-
nary observations, said that he would have prefer-
red taking up the exchequer bill called for by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Vibe,] before act-
ing on this, in order to see what the House was
disposed to do toward- providing the means of car-
rying on the Government. Not (hat be would
have voted for 'hat bill; but he wished a discussion
to arise, which would bring clearly bofore the
House the present condition and prospects of the
country, before settling the rate of expenditure for
on important and cosily branch of the public ser-
vice. No man who loved his country, and who
looked beyond the present moment—whether
he belonged to the paity of the Administration,
or to that party which -expected to have the
management of public affairs—but must feel
fiat the Government is weighed down by in-
creasing debt and embarrassment, and that a
heavy responsibility lests on those who have to
carry it on. What was the present condition of
public affairs? Why, one party was proposing the
use of the Government's credit in the form of pa-
per money, alleging—and alleging truly—that the
Government could net be carried on with its pres-
ent means; that its rescurces were inadequate; and,
wilh the present means of collecting revenue, no
prospect of a rh-.nge for the better. It would be
found that they were, in short, driven to one or the
other of three alternatives: tn abolish the army and
navy, and (ho? reduce the public expenditures; re-
sort to direct taxe.*; or use the credit of the Gov-
ernment.
He would now ask of the Democracy if they were
prepared, when they ca?ie into power, to maintain
tbis Government in its present splendid and extrav-
agant stale? Were they prepared to maintain the
navy as it was, and, as the gentleman from Rhode
Island said, to increase it? Were they prepared to
maintain the army and the civil list on the present
scale? If they were, he would tell them that this
Government could not stand, unless they resorled to
direct taxation, or to the use of its credit by'th?
