CONGRESSIONAL Gt,Ofc£.
25 i
issue of paper money. The alternative must be
taxation in some form, redaction, or the use of
credit. The imposts were not, and would not be,
sufficient to carry on the Government on its present
magnificent scale. Taxation upon tea and coffee
■would not do. How, then, was revenue to be
raised? There was an average balance against tbe
treasury every year of seven millions; and in five
years the debt would be forty millions. What
next? Why, if the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. William Cost Johnson] adhered to his
project of issuing two hundred millions of Gov-
ernment scrip, the Democrats would be forced
into the support of it, unless they reduced their
expenditures. Some gentlemen seemed to sup-
pose that the Government could not be carried on
unless on a magnificent scale; that they must keep
pace with Great Britain in her naval establish-
ment, and be ready to fire with her gun for gun.
In addition to that, they were for keeping up their
expenditures for internal improvements, for clear-
ing out the Mississippi and Ohio, removing
snags and sawyers, &c.; in effect, carrying on a
splendid and magnificent Government with splen-
did salaries. But gentlemen should reflect that
all these things could not bs done without money;
and the question was, where was the money to
come from? Mr. C. adverted to the condition
of the country at the close of the last war with
Great Britain, and reminded them of the argu-
ments used for the establishment of a United
States Bank, by which many Democrats were
brought into the support of that measure. Were
not gentlemen preparing the foundation for the
same arguments, and lending themselves to the es-
tablishment of a similar insututioB, by persisting
in keeping up the Government on its present mag-
nificent scale? New, if he were to say that he
was for abolishing the army and the navy, as the
only means of maintaining the republic, he would
be called a radical; yet it was his firm belief that
both could be very well dispensed with, or reduced
to a very small scale. We needed very few ships,
and very few soldiers; and an expense of twelve,
fourteen, or, at most, fifteen millions of dollars,
was amply sufficient to carry on the Government.
Mr. C-, after commenting on the many items of
extravagant expenditure which were in favor in
the House, lamented that there were Democrats
enough on the floor to join with the Whigs to-
morrow in voting for clearing out the Mississippi,
or Ashtabula, or some other creek, and construct-
ing harbors, &c. If this course of extravagance
should be persisted in, gentlemen would be driven
to the adoption of the exchequer, or some kindred
scheme. For his part, he would say that he never
would give up the position that this Government
had not the power to use anything as money but
gold and silver.
Mr. ARNOLD was glad that the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. M. A. Cot per] had given
in his adhesion to him, (Mr. Arnold,) and that he
would vote for bill No. 548. He was not only
willing to cut down midshipmen of the navy, and
the pay of this House—
Mr. COOPER interposed to say that he had sug-
gested no plan for cutting down salaries, but he
said he would abolish office. Fie would abolish
the army and the navy.
Mr. ARNOLD. The gemleman, then, was for
abolishing the army and the navy, be'ore he would
allow $2 to be taken fromhis own daily pay. That
was a specimen of retrenching Democracy. If,
however, they abolished the army and (he navy,
the people would abolish that House. Let Jhem
then abolish that House, and abolish the Govern-
ment; and, as a gentleman near him remarked, let
every man be hts own Government. The gentle-
man from Georgia was for liberal psv, and no tax,
[Laughter.]
He then went on to notice hi? own exertions to
procure a retrenchment in tbeir expenditures; and
he confessed that the Whig parly had failed him
most grievously, and he feared they would con-
tinue to disappoint him most grievously. A gen-
tleman near him observed that the Democrats
would ?tick by him, and he hoped they would. A
good many Democrats, he would do them the jus-
tice to say, had stood by him, and he hoped they
would continue to do so; for retrenchment was es-
sentially necessary. What was the state of the
treasury, and what was the condition of the rev-
enues? He was told the revenue would not reach
$12,000,000. Ttie highest anticipation was but
$15,000,000, whilst the disbursements would be at
least double that amount, unless they entered at
once on this retrenchment. Such was Jhe pros-
pect before them; and yet gentlemen were picking
up a solitary case, and cutting down the salary of
a single officer (the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings) one half. This was done, too, by gentlemen
who would not consent to put their hands into their
own pockets, and take from their salaries even one-
fourth; but they took one-half from one single offi-
cer, with swelling acclamation. Such a proceeding
was disgraceful to that House. He had had a bill
in that House, and he had been imploring them to
act upon it since an early day of the last session—a
bill which would save to this nation something like
$4,000,000; but that bill they would not touch.
Why? Because it reached themselves. Did they
think the country would give them credit for iso-
lated, pitiful retrenchment; while they not only re-
fused to act upon the bill which came home to
themselves, but cast reproach on, and attempted to
disgrace, every man who sought to cut down the
expenses of this House? No; the country would
look upon and treat them with scorn and con-
tempt.
After continuing for some time his strictures on
the House and on individual members, who advo-
cated all reforms but such as affected themselves,
he went on to say that if their pay was  ot too
much now, eight years ago it was too little. And
if it was not too much, the pay of other officers of
the Government was not too much. In reply to a
rematk from Mr. M. A. Cooper, he said $3 a
day would be a good price for many members on
that floor. He then gave notice that to-morrow
morning he should contend with the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, who invaria-
bly got the floor; and if he got it, he hoped the
friends of retrenchment would be there, and give
him the yeas and nays, and not fritter away their
energies on little isolated cases. The House
owed it to themselves not to skulk the question;
but if they were against his bill, let them vote it
down; and if for it, pass it, and let their constitu-
ents have the benefit of it. He found that in the
country, (as he had been informed by gentlemen
who had learned the fact during their visit to their
constituents since the last session,) men, women,
and children were for " Arnold's bill 548,"
[laughter;] and this House must either take it, or
lose favor with the people.
Mr. HOLMES next obtained the floor; but gave
way to
Mr. STEENROD, who moved that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion wa? agreed to; and the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. FILLMORE reminded the Speaker that
there weie several executive communications on
thAable, which he hoped would be presented and
disposed of.
The SPEAKER, accordingly, presented a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, in an
swsr toa re?ola:ton of the House, (which was adopt-
ed on thp motion of Mr. M(.Clellah of New
York,) calling for a return of certain fees of distric1
attornejs, marshals, &c. It was referred to the
Cominitiee on the Expenditures of the Treasury
Department, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a communication from the
Navy Department, accompanied by 275 copies of
the Navy Register.
JESSE HOYT.
The SPEAKER stated that be had received a
memorial from Jesse Hoyt, late collector of the
port of New York, (understood to be a reply to the
report of the accounting officer of the Treasury,
charging him with being a defaulter,) which he
begjed leave to lay before the Honse.
Mr. ROBERT McCLELLAN called for the
reading of the memorial.
The SPEAKER observed that it was very long.
Mr. FILLMORE said, that if the reading was
called for, he must object to the reception of the
memorial.
Mr. McKEON moved that the memorial be
printed.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN claimed the right to hear
the memorial read, before the motion to print was
put to the House.
Mr. FILLMORE renewed his objection to the
reception, and the memorial was not received.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN, in accordance with no-
tice previously given, introduced a bill to amend
the act making appropriations for the construction
of marine hospitals on the Western waters: read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
y Mr. UNDERWOOD gave notice of his intention
to call up, at the earliest day, the bill in relation
to steamboat navigation on the Western waters.
He urged the necessity of action on the subject,
and stated that prosecutions had been commenced
against the owners of eighty-two steamboats, for
damages received.
Mr. MALLORY wished to offer a resolution
calling for information from the Navy Depart-
ment; but objection was made, and it was not re-
ceived.
On motion of Mr. WELLER,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Toesday, February 7, 1'843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
transmitting, in compliance with the act of March,
1803, abstracts of the returns of the militia of the
several States and Territories, with their arms and
accoutrements: ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Al-o, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Navy Department, transmitting seventy-
five copies of tbe printed Navy Register.
Also, laid before the Senate a communication
from the Navy Department, transmitting a letter
of the Second Comptroller, covering a statement
of the appropriations for the naval service of 1842;
which, on motion by Mr. EVANS, was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented memorials from
Hamburg and Wales, in Erie county, and one
from Franklinville, in Cattaraugus county, N. Y.,
urging upon Congress the adoption of the plan for
a board of exchequer recommended by the Execu-
tive: ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented amemorial from
210 citizens of Michigan, praying for an appro-
priation to complete the works begun in the harbor
of St. Joseph;
A'<so, presented a communication from an intel-
ligent citizen of Buffalo, showing the defective
state of the harbors on the lakes, and the annual
loss of life, vessel?, and other property, in conse-
quence; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ihe 1-itter to be printed.
Mr. SIMMONS, from tbe Committee on Print-
ing, to which was leferred the proposition to print
the annual report of the Commissioner of Patents,
r<ported in favor of printing so much as related to
the subject of agriculture, and contained agricul-
tural information.
The question was put oa the report of the com-
mittee, and concurred in.
Mr. KERR moved to print, for ihe use of the
Senate, 1,000 copies in addition to the quantity
oidered, of th.-.' p^.rt of the report of the Commis-
sioner de.-igcated to be printed by the Committee
on Printins.
Mr. STURGEON made an inquiry as to wheth-
er it w&s not usual to print soise copies of the re-
port for the use of the department from wh ch it
emanated.
Mr. KERR said that heretofore it had been
usual to print 3,000 copies extra, for the use of the
Senate; but this year, after consultation upon the
subject, and with a view to avoid any objection
to the printing on tbe ground of expense, he thought
it advisable to reduce th  number proposed to be
printed to 1,000 copies. He remarked that the doc-
ument was one of great importance, especially to
the agricultural portions of the country.
