25$
CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SIMMONS remarked that the report was a
voluminous one, and suggested whether 500 cop-
ses would not suffice. Although the information
it contained was valuable, he thought that number
was sufficient, especially as the newspapers would,
in all probabiliiy, republish extracts from it of the
most valuable portions of the information.
Mr. KERR said that he had consumed with one
or two persons in relation to the proper number to
have printed. He was of the opinion, himself, that
500 copies were too small a number to be printed
of such a document so interesting to the agricul-
tural community. It was seldom, indeed, that
they ordered anything of interest to that class, and
coming home to their breasts, to be printed. It
was not a very voluminous document, ?ind the ex-
pense^ printing would therefore be small.
Mr. SIMMONS said he merely threw out the
suggestion. He did not make a motion to print
the smaller number.
Mr. CALHOUN was understood to say that he
had heretofore raised his voice against thin inven-
tion of the Commissioner. It muse have occurred
to Senators that this officer had regu'arly taken in
charge the agricultural interests of the country, until
the department under his control, totally discon-
nected with that subject, had almost become a home
department. If this practice was permitted, by
giving sanction to it there, evils (which they did
not then see) would soon grow out of it. There
was no aulhority that this officer had, beyond
his duties as Commissioner of the Patent Office;
yet they saw that, from year to year, he had as-
sumed the charge of superintending the subject of
agriculture. If it was not arrested, it would lead
to disastrous consequences, which would open their
eyes. Although he approved of the objects as
much as any man—of disseminating agricultural
information, and of doing everything lhat could be
done properly to preserve that interest, he would
rather be deprived of a large portion of his income
from his agricultural pursuit*, than to see this Gov-
ernment becoming the peculiar patron of agricul-
ture, or any other interest.
The question was then taken on the motion to
print, and decided in the afiirmaiive.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial from
Wm. B. Maury, and others, of Pittsburg, Petin ,
in favor of the adoption of the plan for a U ard of
exchequer; winch was laid on the table.
The PRESIDENTpro tem. laid before the SVnate
the laws of the Territory of Flond); which were re-
ferred lo the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Po t Roads, reported back to the
Senate, without amendment, House bill entitled
"An act to author ze the chief clerk in the oiliee of
Secretary off State to (rank public and official c'oc-
uments sent from|that ofliee."
On motion by Mr. M., die above bill was 'aken
up as in committee of the whole; and, being ex-
plained by him, and there being no picpos'tn n to
amend it, it was reported to the Scnaie, read the
third time, and pa<Rsd.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported h c'%, wtiho'jt
amendment, ihe House bill (or (he r"hef of S. and
M. Riche.
Mr. WALKER, from the Co>nmt"re on Public
Lands, reported b-ick, v.itltoui nmendnifnt, 'he bill
to protect the titles to land "ou'h of the Atlunis
river, held under the Nfj Madrid lo-tautr., and
the pre-emption act of 1 y 14.
Mr. W. remarked th-<t ihis bi1!. by some acci-
dent, was mislaid in the hands of die eeiamntee.
It was >uppored to have been reported long since.
It was the same lill which pas-eu t! p Sena'e at the
last session; and the committee had icp rted it
back without any alteration whatever, Re hoped it
would be taken up and eossM-terc'd ?t orvp
Mr. SEVIER nl..o e*!'-e-«?d a vi>'> that the
bill would be then dKpo-cd of; it had pa~s?d
the Senate two r r ihrrc :<3ies btfore; but was not
finally acted upon.
The bill w.'S then taken up as in committee of
the whole, and considered; and th'rc bein  no motion
to amend, it was reported to the Senate, find, being
engrossed according to order, was read the ihird
time and passed.
Mr. WALKER reported back from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, without amendment, the bill
to confirm the survey and location of claims for
land in the State of Mississippi, east of Pearl
river, • and south of the 31vt degree of north lati-
tude.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
made a report (which was ordered to be printed)
adverse to the passage of the bill from the House
for the relief cf D. and J. Wilkinson.
Mr. BAGBY, on leave, introduced a bill for the
relief of Charles E. Sherman; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs.
Mr. McDUFFIE submitted the following resolu-
tion'; uhich lie on the table one day, under the rule,
viz:
Resolved, Thatit is the solemn and urgent duty of (he pres-
ent Congress to adopt, without delay, efficient measures to re-
vive the'crjppledand decaying commerce, replenish the impov-
erished exchequer, and arrest the alarming accumulation of the
public df'ot of the United States.
Resolved^ That a modification of the existing tariff on for-
eign imports, such as will render it strictly and m good faith a
ftiere i evenue measure, is indispensable to the accomplishment
of those object0; anil lhat the recent measures of the British
Parliament, partially adopting the principles of free trade, the
public indications of a disposition on the part of the present
ministry to extend those principles still further, and the proba-
bility of the speeely organization of an extensive system of
smuggling on the long line of our frontier, furnish pressing mo-
tives to Congiess for acting on the subject during its present
session.
Resolved, That a ligid system of retrenchment, economy,
and accountability, such as will bring the annual expenditures
within the annual income of the Government, is not less indis-
pensable; and that, while this is ruudcred necessary by the de-
plorable state of the public finances, it is rendered just, and not
injurious to the public service, by the great reduction of the
currency, and consequent appreciation of the value of money.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Benton on
Monday last, calling upon the President tor copies
of any remonstrance, or protest, addressed by Gen-
eral Cass, as minister, to the French Government,
against the ratification by France of the quintuple
treaty, &c., came up in order; but was, on the sug-
gestion of Mr, ARCHER, chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Kela'ions, passed by informally
until to-morrow, to afford further opportunity for
ils examination.
The engrossed bill entitled "An act for repairing
land repavmg a portion of Pennsylvania avenue,"
; was read ihe third time, and pas. t.d.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on ihe Public Lfnds, to which had been referred
H< use bill for the relief of Thoma* II. Brown, re-
por'ed the same b.ick, without amendment, and
wi h a recommendation that it be indefinitely post-
poned.
Senate bill rntitlf-d "An act for the relief of
W m. I)n Buys, po tblister at New Orie.in.V which
had been returned Irom the House ofR- presents ws
with an aan ndni'mt, was Ukeu up for considera-
tion, gild, on motion by Mr. MERRICK, referred
to lh" Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. WALKER, on Jeav?, introduced a bill for
the paservanon of the cillection of the natural
eatiositie.s furufched by the exploring squad-
ron, and frrm other source?; which was read
twice, and. with doc.mner.ts from thi' National In-
stitution, n-r.i rc.'e.red to the Committee on*thc
Library,
On motions by Messrs. DAYTON and HHN C-
1NQTON", the pr-vioas or iers of ihe day were
postponed, and the following bills were taken up
as in committee of the wh'de, considered, and,
thf-re being no motion to amend thsm, were leport-
ed to the Senate, and finally prssed, viz:
The bill to a.ter the place of holding the dis-
trict court o! the United State? for the district of
New Jc-isey, by fixing it at Trenton for the future;
and
J'he bill for altering- t e time of h'dding the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the disuiet o!
Connect'cut.
Mr. ARCHER presented a petition from George
Mayo, for reriain compensation; wb'ch was refer-
red to the Committee on Claims.
THE OREGON TERRITORY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Archer, on yerterday, to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill for the occupation
and settlement cf the Oregon was passed,
Mr. LINN demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion; which were ordered: and, the question be-
ing put, the Senate refused to reconsider, by—yeas
24, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Calhoun, Choate, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Huntington, Kerr, McDuffie, Mangum, Miller, Porter,
Rives, Simmons, Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—24.
NAY?'—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanao, Clayton,
Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberte, Meriick, Morehead,
Piielps, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright,
and Young—24,
PRIVATE EXPRESSES.
The unfinished debate was then resumed from
yesterday, on the bill to prevent the employment
of private expresses upon mail routes, and for the
prevention of frauds upon the revenues of the Post
Office Department; the question pending being the
amendment proposed by Mr. Porter, to strike out
of the second and filth sections the words "or other
mailable matter whatever;" the effect of which
proposition would be, if adopted, to permit all
matter, except letters, to be conveyed by private
expresses.
Mr. PORTER, after a few explanatory remarks,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MERRICK was very glad the Senator had
consented to withdraw his amendment. He went
into a lengthened explanation of the reasons for
using the terms "mailable matter," and "matter
transferable by mail." They had a definite meaa-
ing in post office parlance, and no other words could
be invented more concise and specific for the pur-
pose for which they were used. They might not
convey the same meaning with equal precision to
Senators and the public at large; and to guard
against misconception, he had prepared an addi-
tional proviso to the bill, declaratory of the ob-
jects included within ihe terms.
Mr. PORTER neitt moved an amendment,
to strike out expressions in the provision which he
considered superfluous and capable of being inter-
preted to mean anything and everything—he meant
the wort's "written or printed matter."
Mr. MERRICK said this brought up the whole
question, whether private expresses were to be put
down or not. If they were allowed to carry "writ,
ten and printed matter," they would be kept up,
and would soon become more formidable than
ever. They could not fee put down, unless they
were prohibited from these sources of profit—prop-
perly mailable matter.
Mr. HUNTINGTON wjs very sorry the Sena-
tor from Mich'aan had withdrawn his former
amendment. He argued at considerable length its
propriety, and begged the Senator would accept an
addition to his present amendment, so as to include
newspapers. He was aver?e to all taxes and
restraints on the diffusion of knowledge and in-
formation to the people.
Mr. MERRICK assured the Sena'or that it was
for thai very reason newspapers should be sent by
post. As long as the depaitment had to be at the
expense of sending newspapers into every ramifi-
cation of the Union, no matter at what cost, it
ought to he inru'ed the advantages of the profitable
routf-5, as well as competed tobe atall the expense
of the unprofitable tontes.
Mr. PORTER accepted the amendment, and in-
c'uded "newspapers" in his proposition to strike
out.
Mr. CONRAD called fur a division of the ques-
tion.
Mr. HUNTINGTON called the attention of the
Sen-ite to a sugge-tion just rnad.? to tdm—that ihe
prohibitions of this bill would reach to the p st-
ne'ers commonly engaged in different parN of New
England, antf perh^p1? other parts ef the Union,
for supplying pers-ens in the country with news-
papers and oiher matters from towns and cities,
too inconvenient or expensive to be sent for spe-
cially. Ordt rs were given to these post-riders to
bring from cities or towns, which they visited in
their rounds, such newspapers and matters as it
was convenient for them to bring.
Mr. MERRICK said it certainly would include
all such cases; and if it did not, the whole object of
the bill would be defeated.
Mr. WOODBURY did not see why any person
