CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
253
should be compelled to send newspapers by the
mail. It would do very well for those who pre-
ferred seeding them in that way; but ihe compul-
sion would operate injuriously. As to the com-
pulsion to send money by mail, he pointed out how
injuriously that would operate in New England,
where the transfer of bank notes for redemption
from oae bank to another was of daily occur-
rence, and to enormous amounts. The manner of
sending money from one place to another ought to
be left to the option of the owners, and free from
any restraints.
Mr. MERRICK thought, as long as money was
inclosed in letters, it would be impossible to re-
strain the latter from being sent by private ex-
presses, if money was to be specially exempted.
It was a matter, however, in the hands of the
Senate; and if any Senator chose to propose an
amendment to exempt money, he might do so.
  He cculd not, however, give it his sanction.
A division of the question having been called
for, the first vote was taken on the proposition to
strike out "newspapers;" on which the yeas and
nays were called for, and ordered. It was decided
in the negative—yeas 11, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Crafts, Huntington, Phelps, Portei,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Wilcox,
Woodbridge, and Woodbury—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Bayard, Benton,
Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Dayton, Fulton, Graham, Hender-
son, Kerr, King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum, Mer-
rick, Miller, Morehead, Sevier, Sturgron, Tappan, Walker,
Wright, and Young—27.
.The next question was on striking out the words
"all written and printed matter " This also was
decided in the negative—yeas 13,.[nays 24, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Huntington,
Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Smith of Connecticut, Smith o{
Indiana, Witcox, Woodbridge, and Wooubury—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Bayard, Benton,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clayton, Crafts, Fulton, Henderson, Kerr,
King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum, Merrick, Sevier,
Sturgeon,Tappan, Walker, Wright, ana Young--24.
Mr. MERRICK moved a verbal amendment to
strike out the word "edition;" which was agreed
to.
Mr. WOODBURY then moved to exempt
"money and bank notes in packages or bundles."
Mr. DAYTON sueges'ed ihe propriety of in-
cluding promissory notes and evidences of debt.
Mr. Woodbury's amendment was adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE again ca'led the attention
of the Senate to the provisions of the bill bearing
en owners of railroads, steamboats, or other con-
veyances; and moved an amendment, exempting
from the penalties individual owners or corpora-
tions.
Mr. MERRICK opposed the amendment.
Mr. CONRAD thought ii was not important, as
the object was to preven' penalties being levied on
sovereign States owning railroads. The Gene-
ral Government could not sue out a penalty against
a sovereign State; therefore, there was no danger,
from the ptovision in the bill, that anything of the
kind would ever occur.
Mr. MERRICK said the drawers and employees
only, in such cases, would be sued.
Mr. McROBERTS spoke in favor of the bill,
and pointed oat great losses sustained by the de-
partment from the competition of private ex-
presses.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE remonstrated against ihe
injustice of making a State subject to penalties on
account of improper persons travelling on their
property. A State could not exercise the same
vigilance as individuals to prevent infractions of
the law.
The amendment was rejected without a count.
The bill was reported back to the Senate, and
the amendments made in coramiltee of the whole
were adopied.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of (he
representatives of Alexander Macomb, Robert Jen-
nings, and the heirs and legal representatives of
Jam?$ Roddy, deceased, sureties of Samuel Champ-
lin, late a paymaster in the army of the United
States," was taken up as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported to ihe Senate, and or-
dered io be read a third time.
The bill from the House entitled "An act for
ihe relief of Dexter Hungerford, of Watertown,
Jefferson county, New York," was taken up as in
committee of the whole, on an adverse report of
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the bill be indefi-
nitely postponed; but,
On the motion of Mr. TALLMADGE, the bill
was laid on the table for the present.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 8, 1843.
The journal of yesterday being read,
Mr. GILMEK rose to a correction of the jour-
nal. It was stated there that a bill had been refer-
red to Ihe Select Committee on Retrenchment, of
which'he (Mr. G.) was chairman. Now, he wished
to say that no such committee now existed. The
Retrenchment Committee, of which he was the
chairman, closed lis labors and expired with the
last session of Congress. The journal was cor-
rected accordingly.
Mr. HUNT wished to know whether the journal
was correct in saying that the bill for the relief of
Amoj Kendall was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. He ."apposed
it had been referred to the Committee of the Whole
House.
The SPEAKER said the bill was referred to the
Committee ot ihe Whole on the stale of the Union.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of We.
Billings and 132 other cit'zens of the district of
Passamaquoddy, Maine, prayin® Congress to pro-
vide by law that all vessels taking fish and oil from
that district shall clear the same from the custom-
house; and that, the shippers shall furnish to the
collector ceriifieatei from American fishermen of
all Amer ran caught and cured fish and American
oil; and that she shipper or owner of British fish
and oil shall furnish a certificate that the same
have been lawfully imported,
Mr. HOUSTON presented ihe petition of Wm.
Shoaler and Zebulon Parr, of Lauderdale county,
Alabama, praying Congress to pass a law donating
to ttiem certain sections of land therein described,
for the purposes and upon the conditions therein
specified.
Mr. GORDON presented a mesiTial from 1C2
legal voiers of the county of Delaware, New York,
asking f..-r the passage of a law reducing the pay
of members of Congress.
Mr. ARNOLD rose and inquired if it would be
in order to move to go into committee.
The SPEAKER said it would.
Mr. ARNOLD said he would then move that
thi House resolve itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, with a view to
take up his hill, No. 548 [Laughter.]
Mr. PiLLMORE asked the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for a moment; to which request
Mr Arnlld acceded.
TERMINATION OF THE DEBATE ON THE
NAVY BILL.
Sir. FILLMORE said he had been requested by
many members to move a resolution fixing a period
for the termination of the debate on ihe navy ap-
propriation bill, now m Committee of the Whole.
He therefore moved that all debate shall cease on
to-morrow, at 2 o'clock, and the committee shall
then proceed to vote upon all amendments pend-
ing, or thai may be offered. He moved the previ-
ous question on the motiim.|
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the motion,
and expressed the hope that the committee would
not be deprived of an opportunity to debate the
bill as it should he. He would also remark, that
the chairman [Mr. Fillmore] might have intro-
duced the bill much earlier in the session than he
did, and thereby have prevented the necessity for
such hasty action.
The previous question was sustained, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the sub-
ject on the table, and asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
They were taken, and resulted—yeas 68, nays
96, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Arrington, Atherton, Beeson, BoytP
Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Mitton Brown, Charles Brown
Burke, Green W. Caldwell. Patrick C. Caldwell, Cary, Clifford
Clinton, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Eastman, Lgbew,
John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, A. Lawrence I os-
ier, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gwin, Harris, Hays, Holmes,
Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersolt, Jack,
Cave Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, King, Littlefield, Rob-
ert McCleltan, McKay, McKeon, Alfred Marshall, John Thom-
son Mason, Medill, Meriwether, Newhard, Partridge, Payne,
Pickens, Rayner, Reding, Reynolds, Riggs, Saunders, Shields,
William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Watterson, Welter, Westbrook, and Wood—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Landaff W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Bowne, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jere-
miah Brown, William Butter,Thomas J. Campbell,Caruthers,
Casey, Chittenden, John C. Clark, James Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Crawford, Cushing, Garrett Davis, Deberry, Doan,
John Edwards, John C. Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fill-
more, Gamble, Gates, Gerry, Giddirigs, Gilmer, Graham,
Granger, Halsted. Henry, Howard, Hunt, Joseph R.Ingersotl,
Isaac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Linn, McKennan,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morris, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Ridgwav, William Russell, James
M Russell, Saltonstall, Sanford, Shepperd, Blade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Stokely, Stratum, Alexander H. H. btuart,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson,
Richard W. Thompson, Tdlinghast, Toland, Tomlmson, Trip-
lett, Trotti, Trumbull, Underwood, Thomas W. WilliamSg
Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, ana
Yorke—96.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was earned without a division.
Mr, ARNOLD moved that the bill introduced by
bim (.No. 548} to reduce the pay and mileage of
members of Congress, and the salaries of the offi-
cers of the Government, be made ihe special order
of the day lor Tuesday next.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia inquired when the bill
to remit ihe fine of General Jackson was likely to
come up.
The SPEAKER said ihat it was in order every
morning after the reception of resolutions. The
question was now on the motion of the gentlemau
from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] which would re-
quire a vote of two (birds.
Mr. ARNOLD called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, on takiKg the question,
resulted in—yeas 131, nays 53, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, S. J. Andrews, Arnold,
Arrmgton, Atherton, Baker, Beeson, Blair, Boardman, Bowne,
Boyd, Brewster, Bi iggs, Brockway, Bronson, Aaron V. Brown,
Milto.t :sn>wn, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burke, Wil-
liam Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Chittenden,
JohnC Clark, Clifford, James Cooper, Cowen, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, R. D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John
C Edwards, Egbert, Fornance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble,
Gates, Gentry, Gerry, Gicldmgs, Gilmer, Gordon, Graham,
Granger, Gwin, Halsted, Hanis, Hays, Henry, Houck, Hous-
ton, Charles J. Ingeisoll, Joseph R. Ingersolt, James Irvin,
Jack, Cave Johnson. John W. Jones, Keim, John P. Kennedy,
Andrew Kennedy, King, Linn, Lowell, McKay, Alfred Mar-
shall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maynard, Medill, Meriwether, Mit-
chell, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne,
Owsley, Parmenter, Partridge, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randall, Reding, Reynolds, Ridgway, Rogers,
Roosevelt, William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall,
Saunders, Seweli, Shepperd, Shields, Slade, Truman Smith,
Snyder, Stanly, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratum, John T. Stuart,
Jacob Thompson, Tomlmson, Trotti, Trumbull, Underwood,
Weller, Westbrook, Thomas \V. Williams, Christopher H.
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, Augustus Young, and
John Young—131.
NAYS—Messrs. L. W. Andrews, Aycrigg, Babcock, Barnard,
Baiton, Birdseye, Patnclc C. Caldwell, Clinton, Cranston,
flushing, Dawson, John Edwards, Everett, Ferris, Fessenden,
John G, Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, William O. Goode, Holmes,
Howard, Hudson, Hunter, Hunt, Isaac D Jones, Lane, Lit-
tlefield, Robert McClellan, McKennan, McKeon, John Thom-
son Mason, Maxwell, Payne, Pearce, Pickens, Riggs, Sanford,
William Smith, Alexander H. H. Stuart, Summers, Sumter,
Sweney, Taliafeiro, John B. Thompson, Richard W. Thomp-
son, Tilhnghast, Tui ney, Ward, Washington, Edward D. White,
Joseph L. W hue, Wipthrop, Wood, and Yorke—53.
So Mr. Arnold's motion wss carried.
Mr. KKNNEDY of Maryland asked leave to
offer the joint resolution, offered by him yesterday,
for regarding the officers engaged in the exploring
expedition; and, the resolution having been read
for information,
Mr, CAVE JOHNSON objected to its recep-
tion.
Mr. KENNEDY -A Maryland moved a suspen-
sion cf the rules.
Mr. WISE suggested to the gentleman to allow
the resolution to bs referred io the Committee on
Naval Affairs, who already had the subject before
them. This would remove, he supposed, any ob-
jections io its reception.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said that he objected to
the reception of the resolution at any rate; and,
The question being then put on Mr. Kbmne-
