254
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
St's motion to suspend the rales, il was decided
m the affirmative—ayes 116, soes not counted.
Mr. KENNEDY then moved to refer the feso-
lation to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BARNARD moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WISE remarked that there was a memorial
from the officers of the exploring expedition on the
same subject already before the Committee on
Naval Affairs; and it was, therefore, proper that
this resolution should go there also.
The question was then put on the reference to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and carried with-
out a division.
Mr. JONES of Maryland called up the motion
made by him some days ago, to reconsider the vote
rejecting the resolution submitted by Mr. Ctjsh-
ihg, to take the bill providing indemnity for French
spoliations prior to 1800 out of the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. CUSHSNG called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; which were ordered.
Mr. WELLES moved to iay the motion on the
table; and,
Mr. GUSHING having called for the yeas and
nays, they were ordered, and resulted in—yeas 105,
nays 102, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. LandafF W. Andrews, Arnold, Arlington,
Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack, Black, Bowne, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaroo V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charier Brown, Burke, Wil-
liam Butler, William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick
C. Caldwell. John Campbell, Wm. B Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Clin-
ton, Daniel, Gairett Davis, Richard D. Davis, i'awson. Dean,
Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John C. Edwards, Egbert,
John G. Floyd, Gamble, Gentry, Wm. O Guode, Gordon,
Graham, Gwin, Harris, Hasting*, Ilayp, Hopkins, Houek,
Houston, IJubard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jask, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Andrew Kennedy, King, Lane, Lit*
tlefield, Lowell, Abraham McCielian, Robert McOlellan,
McKay, McKeon, Alfred Marshall, John Thomson Mason,
Mathews, Medill, Meriwether, Miller, Mitchell, Mooie, Ows-
Jey, Partridge, Payne, Pickcus, Pope, Rayncr, Reding, Ren-
cher, Reynolds, Rigss, Rogers, Sauvuhns. Sheppeid, Shields,
William Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, John T.Stuart, Summers,
Bweney, Richaul W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tiotti,
Turney, Underwood, Van lluren, Wallace, Ward, Watterson,
Weller, Westhrook, and Christopher H. Williams—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sheilock J. Andiews, Ay-
crigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Barton, Jhidseye, Blair,
Boardman, Brings, Brockway, Ikormon, Jeremiah Brown,
Burnoll, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Cowen,
Cranston, Crawford, Cushinsr, John Edwards, Eveiett, Fen is,
Fessenden, Fillmore, Thomas F. Foster, G,Uos, Gerry, (bid-
dings, P. G. Goode, Granger, ILdstod, Hemy, Holmes, How-
ard, Hudson, Hunt, J. R. Ingersoll, .lames Irvm, William
Cost Johnson, Isaac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Linn,
McKciman, Mallovy, Mathun, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mayrisml,
Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Ncwhard, Oliver, Osborne, Par-
menter, Pearce, Pendleton, Powell, Ramiey, Benjamin Ran-
dall, Alexander Randall, Read, Ridgway, Rodney, William
Russell, James M. Russell, rtaltoriFtall, San ford, Sewell, Sladt!,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Stokely, fftiattori, Alexander II. H.
Stuart, Sumter, Taliaiorro, John B. Thompson, Tillmghast,
Tolana, Tomlinson, Triplett, Tiumbull. Washington, Edward
D, White, Joseph L. Whi'e, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Wmthrop, Wise, Wood, Voike, Augustus
Voting, and John Youna--102.
So the motion was laid on the table.
PRESENTATION OF WASHINGTON'S SWORD AND
FRANKLIN'S STAFF.
Mr. Gr. W. SUMMERS now ro?e, and addressed
the Speaker, who recognised the honorable gentle-
man as in possession ol ihe floor; pnd all eyes
were at once turned to him, and the whole House
was at once bushed inio silence. The galleries
were densely filled with an anxious and attentive
auditory, which had collected in anticipation of Ihe
interesting proceedings which were about to be
witnessed. Many Senators oocupied st'ats amongst
the members in the Hou^e, and >orne of the repre-
sentees of foreign powc!s,aocieditedio th'sGov-
ernment m diplomatic relations, were ranged b<?k>tv
the bar; and si! Jiviened wuh profound stillnes?,
while the hoiwaole gentleman t:om Virginia
bpoke as follows:
Mr, Sx'eAkch: I ri^e for the purpose ol dis,ch'iigirig an ollice,
not connected with the culinary bu^mes? of a legislative ,n-
scmbly. Yet, in asking petmi&sion to interrupt, lor a moment,
the regular order ol parliamentary proceedings, I cannot doubt
that the proposition which I have to submit will piove a*,
gratifying as it may he unusual
Mr Samuel T. Washington, a c,111701 ol Kanawha county, m
the Commonwealth of Vugmia, and one of my constituents,
has honored me with 'he commission ofpr renting, in his name,
and oil his behalf, *o the Congress of the United States, and,
through that body, to the people of the United State?, two most
jnterestingand valuable relics, connected with the past history
of our country, and with men whose achievements, both in the
field and in the cabinet, best illustrate and adorn our annals.
One is the sword worn by George Washington, first as a
colonel in the colonial service of Virginia, in Forbes's campaign
against the French and Indians; and afterwards, during the
whole period of the war of Independence, as commander-in-
chief of the American army.
It is a plain cutleau, or hanger, with a green hilt and silver
guard. On the upper ward of the scabbard ie engraven "J.
Bailey, Fishkill." It is accompanied by a buckskin belt, which
is secured by a silver buckle and clasp; whereon are engraven
the letters tlG. W.,1' and the figures "1757." These are all of
the plainest workmanship, but substantial, and in keeping with
the man and with the times to which they belonged.
The history of this sword is perfectly authentic, and leaves no
shadow of doubt as to its identity.
The last will and testament of General Washington, bearing
date on the 9th day of February, 1799, contains, among a great
vanety of bequests, the following clause: "Toeachof my neph-
ews, William Augustine Washington, George Lewis, George
Steploe Washington, Bushrod Washington and Samuel Wash-
ington, I give one of the swords or cutleaux of which I may die
possessed; and they are to choose m the order they are named.
These swords are accompanied with an injunction, not to un-
sheath them for the purpose of shedding blood, except it be for
self-defence, or in defence of their country and its rights; and,
in the latter case, to keep them unsheathed, and prefer falling
with them in their hands, to the relinquishment thereof."
In the distribution of the swords, hereby devised, among the
five nephews therein enumerated, the one now presented iell
to the share of Samuel Washington, the devisee last named
in the clause of the will which I have just read.
This gentleman, who died a few yeais since, in the county
of Kanawha, and who was the father of Samuel T. Washing
ton, the donor, I knew well. I have often seen this sword in
his possession, and received from himself the following account
of the manner in which it became his property, in the division
made among the devisees.
I To said that he knew it to have been thesidearms of General
Washington dunng the revolutionary war—not that used on
occasions of paiade and review, but the constant service stcord
of the great chief; that [he had himself seen General Wash-
ington wear this identical sword, (he presumed for the last
time,) when, in 1794, he reviewed the Virginia and Maryland
forces, then concentiated at Cumberland, under command of
General Lee, and destined to co-operate with the Pennsylvania
and New Jersey troops, then assembled at Bedford, in suppress-
ing what has been callcd "the whiskey insurrection.'5
General Washington was at that lime resident of the United
States, and, as such, was commander-in-chief of the army. It
is known that it was his intention to lead the army in person
on that occasion, had he found it necessary; and he went to
Bedford and Cumberland prepared for that event. The condi-
tion of things did not require it, and he returned to his civil
duties at Philadelphia.
Mr. Samuel Washington held the commission of a captain
at that tune himself, and served in that campaign, many of the
incidents of which he has related to me."
He was anxious to obtain this particular sword, and preferred
it to all the others, among which was the ornamented and
costly present from the great Fredenck.
At the time of the division among the nephews, without inti-
mating what his preference was, he jocosely remarked, "that,
inasmuch as he was the only one of them who had participated
in military seivico, they ought to permit him to take choice."
Thid suggesucyi was met in the same spirit in which it was
made; and the choice being awarded him, he chose this, the
plainest and intrinsically the least valuable of any, simply be-
cause it was "the battle sword   #
I am also in possession of the most satisfactory evidence, fur-
nished by Col. George Washington, of Georgetown, the nearest
male relative of General Washington now living, as to the iden-
tity ofthis sword. His information was derived from his father,
William Augustine Washington, the devisee first named in the
clause of the will which I have read, from his uncle, t the late
Judge Bushrod Washington, of the Supreme Court, and Major
Lawrence Lewis, the acting executor of General Washington's
will, all of whom concurred in the statement, that the true
scrvice sword was that selected by Capt. Samuel Washington.
It. icmaincd m this gentleman's possession until his death,
esteemed by him the most precioud memento of his illustrious
kinsman. It then became the property ol his son, who, anr
mated by that patriotism which so characterized the "father
01 his country," has consented that such a relic ought not to
be appropriated by an individual citizen, and has instructed
me, his representative, to offer it to the nation, to be preserved
in us public depositories, as the common property of all; since
iis office has been to achieve and defend the common liberty
of all.
lie has, in like manner, requested me to present this cane to
the Congress of the United States, deeming it not unworthy the
public acceptance.
This was once the property of the philosopher and patriots
Benjamin Franklin.
By a codicil to his last will and testament, we find K thu#
disposed of;
" My fine crab tree walking stick, with a gold head, curious*
ly wrought in the form of the cap of liberty, I give to my
friend, and the friend of mankind, General Washington. If it
were a scejjtre, he has merited it, and would become it."
General Washington, in his will, devises this cane as fol-
lows :
"Item. To my brother Charles Washington, I give and
bequeath the gold-headed cane left me by Dr. Franklin, in his
Will."
Captain Samuel Washington was the only son of Charles
Washington, the devisee, from whom he derived, by inherit,
ance, this interesting memorial; and having transmitted it to
his son, Samuel T. Washington, the latter thus seeks to be-
stow it worthily, by associating it with the battle-sword, in a
gift to his countrymen.
I cordially concur with Mr. Washington in the opinion that
they each merit public preservation; and 1 obey, with pleasure,
his wishes in here presenting them, in his name, to the nation.
Let the sword of the hero and the staff of the philosopher go
together. Let them have place among the proudest trophies
and most honored memorials of our national achievements.
Upon that stall'once leaned the sage of whom it has been
said "He snatched the lightning from heaven, and the sceptre
from tyrants."
a mighty arm once wielded this sword in a righteous cause,
even unto the dismemberment of empire. In the hand of
Washington, this was "the sword of the Lord and of Gideon."
It was neyer draw if? except m defence of the public liberty.
It was never sheathed until a glorious and triumphant sue.
cees returned it to the scabbaid, without a stain of cruelty or
dishonor upon its blade. It was never surrendered, except to
that country which bestowed it.
[Loudjand long-continued plaudits followed the
delivery of this address.]
The Seroeant-at-Arms advanced to the seat of
the honorable gentleman, and received into his
custody the interesting relics.
Mr. ADAMS then rose to submit a resolution in
relation thereto. He said:
Mr. Spkaker. In presenting this resolution to the House, it
may, perhaps, be expected that I should accompany it with
some remarks suitable to the occasion; and yet, sir, I never
roee to address this House undei a deeper conviction of the
want of words to express the emotions that I feel. It is pre-
cisely because occasions like this are adapted to produce uni-
versal sympathy, that little can bo said by any one, but what,
m the language of the heart—in tones not loud, but deep—every
one present has literally said to himself. My respected friend
from Virginia, by whom this offering of patriotic sentiment
has been presented to the Representative Assembly of the na-
tion, has, itseems to me, already said all that can be said suitable
to this occasion. In parting from him, as after a few short
days we must all do, it will on my part be sorrow, that in all
probability I shall see his face and hear his voice no more.
But his words of this day have been planted in my memory,
and will there remain till the last pulsation of my heart. The
sword of Washington' The staff of Franklin! Oh, sir,
what associations are linked in adamant with those names.
Washington! the warrior of human freedom—Washington!
whose sword my friend has said was never drawn but in the
cause of his country, and never sheathed when needed in his
country's cause '—Franklin! the philosopher of the thunderbolt,
the printing press, and the ploughshare.
What names aie these in the scanty catalogue of the benefactors
of mankind—Washington and Franklin ! What other two men,
whose lives belong to the 18th century of Christendom, have
left a deeper impression of themselves upon the age in which
they lived, and upon all aftertimes'? Washington, the war-
rior and the legislator1 In war contending, by the wager of
battle, for the independence of his country, and for the freedom
of the human race—ever manifesting, amidst the horrors ef
war, by precept and example, his revercnce for the laws of
peace, and for the tendered sympathies of humanity. In peace,
soothing the ferocious spiritof discord among hisown country-
men into harmony, and giving to that very sword now pre-
sented to his country a charm more potent than that attrib-
uted in ancient times to the lyre of Orpheus. Franklin, the
mechanic of his own fortune, teaching, in early youth, underthe
shackles of indigence, the way to wealth; and, in the shade of
obscurity, the path to greatness : in the maturity of manhood,
disarming the thunder of its terrors, the lightning of its fatal
blast; and wresting from the tyrant's hand the still more afflic-
tive sceptre of oppression, while descending into the vale of
"years, traversing the Atlantic ocean; braving, in the dead of
winter, the battle and the breeze; bearing in his hand the char-
ter of Independence, which he had contributed to form; and
