CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
25&
tendering, 4"rom the self-created nation, to the mightiest mon-
archs of Europe, the olive-branch of peace, the mercurial
wand of commerce, and the amulet of protection and safety to
the man of peace on the pathless ocean from the inexorable
cruelty and merciless rapacity of war; and, finally, in the last
stage of life, with fourscore winters on his head, under the tor-
ture of an incurable disease, returning to his native land, clos-
ing his days as the Chief Magistrate of his adoptedflfeommon-
wealth, after contributing, by his counsel*, under the.Presiden-
cy of Washington, and recording his name, under the sanction
of devout prayer, invoked by him to God, to that Constitution,
under the authority of which we are here assembled as the
Representatives of the North American people, to receive, in
their name, and for them, these venerable relics of the wise, the
valiant, and the good founders of our great confederated Repub-
lic these sacred symbols of our golden age.
May they be deposited among the archives of our Govern-
ment; and may every American who shall hereafter behold
them, ejaculate a mingled offering of praise to that Supreme
Ruler of the universe, by whose tender mercies our Union has
been hitherto preserved through all the vicissitudes and revo-
lutions of this turbulent world, and of prayer for the contiuu-
ance of these blessings, by the dispensations of his providence
to our beloved country from age to age, till time shall be no
more. (Great applause,)
Mr. Speaker, I submit the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States in Congress assembled, That the thanks of
this Congress be presented to Semuel T. Washington of Kan-
awha county, Virginia, for the present of the sword used by his
illustrious relative, George Washington, in the military career
of his early youth, m the seven years' war, and throughout the
war of our national independence; and of^ie staff bequeathed
by the patriot, statesman, and sage, Benjamin Franklin, to the
same leader of the armies of freedom in the revolutionary war,
George Washington.
That these preoious relics are hereby accepted in the name
ofthe nation; that they be deposited for safekeeping in the De-
partment of State of the United States; and that a copy of this
resolution, signed by the President ol the Senate and Speaker
ofthe House of Representatives, be transmitted to the said
Samuel T. Washington.
The resolution was adopted unanimously, and
with loud acclamation.
Mr. McKENNAN said, as it was evident, after
the interesting scene just witnessed, that the House
was not in a fit state for the transaction of busi-
ness, be would now move that the House adjourn.
Mr. HOPKINS requested the gentleman to with-
draw the motion for a moment, in order that it
might be stated on the face of the resolutions that
they were unanimously adopted.
The suggestion was acceded to, and the resolu-
tions amended accordingly. •
Mr. TALIAFERRO moved that the addresses
of Messrs. Summers and Adams, this morning, be
spread upon the journal; and also that a copy be
transmitted to Mr. Washington, of Kanawha, Vir-
ginia.
The motion was adopted, nem. con.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 8, 1843.
Mr. EVANS presented the following resolutions,
which he stated he intended to submit as an
amendment to the resolutions introduced on yes-
terday by the Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDcfpie,] when they shall come up for consider-
ation, viz:
Resolved, That, among the causes which have)oontributea
most efficiently to the depressien ofthe foreign and domestic
commerce of the country, and to the consequent impoverish-
ment of the national treasury, and which have thus rendered a
resort to loans inevitable, is the want ofa currency ol uniform
value in all parts of the United Stales, commanding the confi-
dence of the people; and no measure designed to revive com-
merce, replenish the treasury, and avert the further accumula-
tion of public debt, will be complete or adequate to the accom-
plishment of these objects, which fait to supply their wants.
Resolved, That another ofthe prominent causes ofthe pres-
ent prostrated condition of the business of the country, and of
the public finances, and which has largely impaired American
character and credit, which has exposed republican institu-
tions to reproach and obloquy, is the failure ol so many States
ofthe Union to provide for the regular payment ofthe interest
on their public debts; and especially the favor and counten-
ance which have been given, to some extent, in some portions-
of the country, to the alarming and destructive doctiine, that
these debts are not binding upon the people of the Slate";
which have created them, but may be annulled and repudiated
at their discretion.
Resolved, That, while this Congress does not intend to adopt
any measures for the payment by the United .States of the debts
of the individual States, it nevertheless deems it proper, m
view of the disastrous consequences to the national character
and credit, and to the institutions of republican government, of
the failure of the Slates to fulBl their obligations, and of the
principle which has been asserted—that these obligations are
not binding on them,—to declare, that the debts of the States,
ci eased by the legislative authority thereof, respectively, are ob-
ligatory and bindine upon said States, and cannot b&by them an-
nulled or repudiates,- and that it is the solemn and urgent duty
of the people of said States to resoit to the most efficient means
in their power for the preservation of then faith, and the fulfil-
ment of their obligations.
Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress, by every consti-
tutional and proper means m its power—by the adoplion of
measures to resiore and preserve a currency of uniform value
throughout the United States; by the collection and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, and the regulation and admin-
istration of the public finances, in such way as shall be least
burdensome to the people, and most conducive to the revival
of trade and commerce; as shall secure the wages of labor from
fluctuation; as shall give security and steadiness to the industiy
of the country,—to render every practicable aid and encourage-
ment to the people of-the several States in their efforts to meet
their engagements, and to discharge the obligations mto which
they have entered.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a large number of merchants and officers of insu-
rance companies of the city of Philadelphia, staling
that the growing interests of our commerce in the
Pacific ocean, not only iit -the west and nonhwest
quarter of America, but in the Sandwich Islands
and China, call loudly on the Government to estab-
lish a regular line of packets to Chagres, and an
overland mail to Panama; for the conveyance of
correspondence and treasure to and from the Pa-
cific. They ask Congress to take the subject into
consideration. Mr. B. observed, on presenting the
memorial, that it was strange the attention of Con-
gress had never been called to the subject of ihe
petition before. All communication to the Pacific
has to pass round Cape Horn; when it was known
lhat there was a near rouie, which would save ten
or twelve thoasand mi.'cs. He would be glad, in-
deed, if anything could be done to effect the end
desired by the memorialists; and so far as any ex-
pression of his opinion would j/o to induce the
attention of the Committee on Cemmercs to the
subject, he trus'ed the committee would give the
subject their early a'tenticn. The memorial was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
WASHINGTON'S SWORD AND FRANK-
LIN'S STAFF.
A message wns received from the House of
Representatives, by Matthew St. Clair Clarke,
their clerk, informing the Senate that that body had
passed a resolution, and had directed him lo
ask the concurrence of the Senate therein; and had
also directed him to state that ihe sword and care,
which were the subject of ihi resolution, were
also forwarded, through their Sergrant at-arm>-, t>
be presented to the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER rose and said he presumed that
this would be the proper occasion for making ihe
motion which he desired to make—that the Senate
proceed to immediate action upon the subject of the
resolution which had just been communicated to
them from the House of Representatives.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolved by the Sznatp and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Cong? ess assembled,
That the thanks of this Congress be presented to Samuel T.
Washington, of Kanawha county, Virginia, for the present of
the sword used by his illustrious relative, Geoige Washington,
in the milnary career of his early youth, m the seven years'
war, and Unoughout the war of om national independence; and
ofthe staff bequeathed by the patriot, statesman, and sage,
Benjamin Franklin, to the same leader of the armies of free-
dom in the revolutionary war, George Washington,
That these precious relics are hereby accepted in the name
of the nation; that they be deposited for safekeeping in ihe De-
partment of State of the United States; and that a copy ol this
lesoluuon, signed by the Piesident of the Senate and Speaker
ol the House of Representatives, be transmitted to the said
Samuel T. Washington,
Mr. A. then proceeded to address the Senate.
Mr."President: The grounds of the proceedings
of the other House, ia reference to ihese invalua-
ble relics, not being necessarily supposed to be
known to ihis brdy, it may not, perhaps, be consid-
ered improper or inappropriate, (coming, ?.sthey do,
from a eiiizca of lhat Slate which I have the honor
in part to represeni.) that I should make soma btief
remarks before committing the resolution to the dis-
posal of ihis honorable body.
Sir, it is known to all who have red the hist'-ry
of General Washington's life, that he left to four
nephews cach a sword, one of ahieh h .d had ihe
signal honor of being worn by him during the
whole pericd of his military services, from t'-e
time he entered the army in the service of his
country, then in a colonial condition, down to the
memorable period when, having achieved his coun-
try's indepeadence, and coupled bis name with im-
moriality, he resigned the high commission which
he bore, and retired to the enjoyment of domestic
tranquillity.
Sir, it was a maik of good taste on the part of
one of the nephews of General Washington to
selec1, as a memorial of that illustrious man most
worthy of being presented to the Congress of the
United States, this simple sword. It is a relic of
no ordinary value in the estimation of that gentle-
man, as I am sure it will be in the estimation of
the Senate and the country—having been the battle
sword of that hero, during the whole period of his
immortal career.
Sir, I ought, perhaps, to say that there is no
question of its identity, plain and simple as it is;
and if I desired evidence to show that it was really
the sword which General Washington had worn
throughont his glorious career of military service,
I would find sufficient to convince myself, at least,
in its very plainness and simplicity.
But I will not go into an argument to prove its
identity, rur will I trace its history: that has been
already done in the other House, by an honorabla
mi mber of that body, a colleague of mine; who has
added, by the manner m which he executed that duty,
another wreath to his own honor, and shown how
well he deserved to be made the instrument of
conveying to Congress this invaluable gift.
Sir, there may be ihose who think it is un-
fitting the d'gnity of Senatorial bodies to pay
attention to the preservation of such simple relics
as thi ; but I confess, if there be any such, I am
not of the number.
Sir, those who have been the precursors of our
crurse in the great career of liberty, have not been
of the opinion that such mementoes were valueless.
We have no record of any country, in which free-
dom has triumphed, where illustrious men, after
they" have passed from their mortal career, bad
not rtatues ereeled to their memory, and relics and
memorial, such as those now lying upon your ta-
ble, commemorative of their achievements, care-
fully preserved. They are calculated, in an emi-
nent degree, to produee the feelings and the prac-
tice of virtue in successive generations. By asso-
ciating the memouals of great achievements with
the names of those who performed them, and pre-
senting them continually to the eyes of men, they
serve to ini-pite the same feelings which have pro-
duced such achievements.
Sir, judging from my own feelings, no statue
nor mausoleum can produce so gieat ah effect as
the smallest relic which is intimately associated
with the person of the benefactor of his country.
These are, indeed, small and inconsiderable relics;
but who are the persons, and what are the names,
with which they stand associated?
Washington!—when this name is mentioned,
who shall be presumptuous enough to conceive
that eulogy can add anything to the feelings which
the mere sound of it produces? Washington 1—of
whom one of the must eminent men living in the
present day, and himself tbeiubject of a mon-
archy, has said, and r-aid truly, lhat among unin-
spired men, that was ihe greatest name of all.
And it is, Mr. President; for I must be permitted
to say, if it were possible that a man as heroic and
as virtuous as Wa'.hing'on should be permitted by
a beneficent Providence to be placed in authority
new, he could not by possibility be as great a man
as Washington was. And why? Because cir-
cumstances must, m every case, form one of the
ele-nenis of greatness. Because no living man
can sgain be placed in circumstances; where he
c.-n signalize himself as our glorious Washington
has done.
Sir, we may h.tve many founders of liberty in
every country and in every ciinse; but never can
there be another founder of ihe liberties of a whole
race; ar.d though we should prove recreant to his
memory, and treacherously lefuse to preserve the
mertifntoes of bis fame, this is the character which
Washington will receive in all aftertimes, from
all races of men. Yes, sir, it is receiving General
Washington in a light altogether too confined to
claim his benefactions as our exclusive benefac-
tions, and his fame as our fame.
Sir, the thousands of generations which are to
