256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
spring up in aftertime upon the face of the earth,
under the shadow of that glorious germe of liberty
which has been planted upon this continent, when
it shall have extended its luxuriant branches and
brought forth its fruit in full maturity, will all of
them claim Washington, as we now are entitled
to claim him—as their benefactor, and the author
of their liberties, as he has been of ours!
And Franklin !—names associated in this coun-
try's history as the greatest benefactors of the hu-
man race—Franklin, scarcely less illustrious for
his important discoveries in science. Names now
associated by the seemingly fortuitous gift of a
mere cane!—inconsiderable, indeed, in itself, but
of immense value, as having belonged to him.
Sir, the discoveries of Franklin, as a philoso-
pher, (for I mean now only to pay a passing tribute
to him in that view,) will hereafter be considered
as most extraordinary benefactions to the cause of
science—greater than those of any man that has
lived in any age of the world.
Such are the names which are here associated
by these trifling gifts! And what is it that the
Senate is now called upon to do by this resolution?
To pay a passing tribute of homage or admiration?
No; that is not the word to be employed in speak-
ing of either of these men: it is not homage—it is
not admiration; there is but a jingle word in our
language that will express it—the tribute of our
veneration.
Sir, it was the simplicity of the style of our
venerated Franklin, which distinguished him as
much as his eminent virtues, and his profound
knowledge, and his glorious contributions to the
cause of liberty as well as science He said of
General Washington—She friend of liberty and
the friend of mankind—that he deserved a sceptre.
Sir, that great man not only merited, bat he gamed
a sceptre, it was thought, at the period of life de-
mise, not too great praise to say that he was en-
throned in the hearts of his countrymen. And
thus it is that he is destined to bp sctplred in tho
estimation and the admiration of all succeeding
ages.
Mr. President, I shall detain the Senate no
longer. The inconsiderable meed of praise which
I feel proud to b-istow upon those illustrious names
shall no longer be an interruption or impediment
to the expression which I know the Senate is ready
to make—of that tribu.e of veneration so justly
due to the benefactors of mankind.
The resolution having been unanimously adapted,
On moiion of Mr. ARCHER, the Senate ad-
journed.
house of representatives.
Wednesday, February 8, 1843.
Mr. dodge, of Wisconsin, presented the peti-
tion of the inhabitants of the town of Milwau-
kee, Territory of Wisconsin, asking-Congress to
establish a mail route commencing at Milwaukie,
passing through Wauwatooso, Menomonee, Lis-
bon, and Warren, interjecting a route at Summit,
which runs through Piperville and Watertown, to
Fox Lake; which last named route was established
at ihe last session of Congress.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of the towns
of Wauwatoosa, Lisbon, and Warren, asking Con-
gress to establish a mail route commencing at Mil-
waukee, running through the north part of the
town of Wauwatoosa, also through the towns of
Lisbon, Menomonee, and Warren, to intersect the
mail route already established through the town of
Summit, to Piperville, Watertown, and Fox Lake,
in the Territory of Wisconsin.
Also, a petition of Roxanna Evans, late Roxan-
na Lewis, asking Congress to make an appropria-
tion to remunerate her for ihe loss of properly de-
stroyed by the British on ihe 13th December, 1813,
at Lewistown, in the State of New Yotk.
Also, a petition of the citizens of the town of
Lisbon, Milwaukie county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress to establish a mail route from
the town of Milwaukie, through the north part of
the town of Wauwatoosa, through the towns of
Menomonee, Lisbon, and Warrm, to intersect the
mail route at Summit, through Pipersville and
Watertown, to Fox Lake; this latter route having
been established at the last session of Congress.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of the town
of Wauwatoosa, asking Congress to establish a
mail route from the town of Milwaukie, in the
Territory of Wisconsin, passing through the said
town of Wauwatoosa, on the road established by the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory, to intersect
the established route at Summit, as established by
Congress.
Mr. A. MARSHALL presented the petition of
A. Dodge, and 22 other citizens of Prospect, Maine,
asking tor an increase of the duty -en lumber and
wood.
Mr. SHIELDS presented a petition from the
citizens of Barrytown, and the vicinity thereof, in
Washington county, Alabama, praying for the es-
tablishment of a post route therein mentioned.
THE NATIONAL RELICS.
Mr. TALIAFERRO submitted the following
resolution, prefaced with a few observations, which
were inaudible at the reporter's desk:
Resolved, That 20,000 copies of the full journal of the pro-
ceedings of the House on the presentation of the sword uf
Washington, be printed for distribution by the members of this
House.
Mr. BRIGGS begged permission to amend the
journal before that resolution was agreed to. He
begged to move ao amendment of the journal, by
the addition of the following letter of Mr. Samuel
T. Washington to Mr. Summers, accompanying
the sword and cane, which were yesterday present-
ed to Congress:
Coai-'s Mouth, Kanawha county, (Va/).
January 9, 1843.
My dear sir: With this, you will receive the war-sword of
my grand-uncle, General Geoige Washington, and the cold-
headed cane bequeathed to him by Doctor Benjamin Franklin.
These interesting relics I wish to be presented, through you,
my dear sir, to the Congress of the United States, on behaif of
the nation.
Congress can dispose of them in such manner as shall seem
most appropriate, and best calculated to keep in memory the
chaiacter and services of those two illustiious founders of our
Republic. I am, with esteem, youry,
SAMUEL T. WASHINGTON.
To Hon. George W. Summers,
House ol Kepresentatives.
The motion to amend was agreed to; and the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia was
then adopted.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. REYNOLDS then moved that the House
proceed with its regular business during the morn-
ing hour—namely, the calling on committees for
reports.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of taking up the
navy appropriation bill.
Mr. PICKENS said the order of business had
been too long departed from, and he now called
for its observance—that committees might report
during ihe morning hour.
Mr. FILLMORE said there was very little time
left for ihe discussion of Ihe navy appropriation
bill in Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; and therefore he felt bound to press his mo-
tion.
Mr. J. P, KENNEDY inquire.! what became of
the special order yesterday; the House, in a fit of
enthusiasm, having adjourned without taking it
up.
Mr. PICKENS said, by general consent it was
laid aside.
Mr. KENNEDY asked the House then to give
him to-morrow for the subject of reciprocity.
After a conversation, m which Mejsis. FILL-
MORE, J. P.KENNEDY, PICKENS, and CLIF-
FORD, took part, Saturday was assigued for ihat
business.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. PEARCE called up the question of present-
ing the reports of the Judiciary Committee on the
subject of refunding the fine of General Jackson,
on which the previous question v?as moved on a
former occasion.
After a desultory conversation, the motion to
print was agreed to.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON rose to move a recon-
sideration of the vote of yesterday, by which was
laid on the table the motion of Mr. I. D. Jones,
to reconsider the vote by which the resolution of
Mr. Gushing, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to fix a day to take a bill entitled "A bill
to provide for the satisfaction of claims due to
certain American citizens, for spoliations commit-
ted on their commerce prior to the 31st July,
1801," #ti of Committee Gf the Whole, was laid
on the table.
Mr. BARNARD denied the power of the gentle-
man to make such a motion.
Mr. PICKENS said, if it could be done, they
might go on reconsidering throughout the session.
Mr. HOPKINS also observed that it could not
be done, otherwise their business would be inter-
minable.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON explained; and after
a few words frotn Mr. FILLMORE and Mr-
ATHERTON,
The SPEAKER decided that the motion could
not be entertained.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON appealed from the
decision of the Chair.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to lay the appeal
on the table.
After a few words from Mr. ADAMS, the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia was agreed to,
and the appeal was laid on the table.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Hou«e then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on#he stale of the Union, (Mr. Allen
in the chair,) and proceeded with the consideration
of the navy appropriation bill.
The pending question was upon an amendment
of the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Meri-
wether,] by which the pay of all officers in the
navy was to be reduced 20 per cent.
Mr. HOLMES (who held the floor) addressed
the committee at large. He commenced by re-
marking that he should not enter into the merits of
the amendment under cons:deration. He was
well aware that the spirit of retrenchment was
abroad in the country. It only remained for the
House to determine how that spirit had been ex-
cited, and how it was to be satisfied and put to rest.
The conviction was now crowding upon us, that
a crisis was at hand; and it did not behoove Whigs
only, or Democrats only, but it behooved every
man to believe himself to bs the depository of the
interests of this Government. Before the Ameri-
can people he arraigned the present Congress, and
he now declared thai the Whigs had faltered in the
discharge of their duty, whilst the Democrats re-
mained inert. All seemed to be alike indifferent to
the crisis which was at hand. He had long fore-
seen, that when the country came to its present
dilemma—when the taxing power applied to com-
merce failed to furnish an adequate revenue, and
difficulties came in every shape—all would shrink
from the responsibility when the spectre appeared
in terrible array before them. Now, when the ex-
penses of the Government were estimatsd at
$20,000,000, and its receipts at but $10,000,000,
gentlemen, instead of calmly viewing the state of
things, and seeking a remedy, covered their eyes,
and avoided even the sight of the calamities around
them. He was convinced that the time had ar-
rived when the Representatives here assembled,
individually and collectively, were bound to take
heed of the public wants, ai'd when they could no
longer go home, and fay to their reproaching con-
stituents, "thou canst not say I did it." He felt it
his duty to move that all appropriation bills be laid
on the table; and that this, as well as others, be not
passed, until the House could know what were to be
the sources of revenue. He would, therefore,
send to the Chair the following preamble and res-
olution, which he intended to offer in the House at
the proper time.
The resolution was resd for information as fol-
lows:
Whereas the fact is now disclosed, that the revenue of the
Government will lall one-halt from the amount estimated by
the Secretary of the Treasury for the year 1843, and that the
high duties imputed upon foreign imports by the tariffofl842
have prevented the importation of merchandise to the amount
estimated at the time of the passage of the tariff bill: And
whereas all the appropriation bills presented to the House by
the "Committee of-Ways and Means" have been based upon
the estimates of revenue furnished by the Secretary of the
Treasury in his annual report at (he commencement of tKe
session; And whereas it is highly inexpedient to proceed with
