%58
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Democratic party as to what Whig principles
we re. One gentleman declared tbat the Whigs
hid no principles, and had none in 1840; another
gentleman said that in 1840 tbey had principles,
bat that they were most detestab'e and profligate;
and another gentleman said that they had one set
of principles for the North, and another for the
South. Now, with this diversity of opinion as to
•what Whig principles were, he should like to
know whether those of the Democratic party were
better defined. If the gentleman from South Car-
olina was to be believed, free trade was one of the
cardinal principles of Democracy. He asked
the gentlemen from the North if they were
prepared to adopt free trade as one of their
principles. The gentleman from New York
opposite to him [Mr. SIcKkon] said that free
trade was the true policy of the country;
and another gentleman from the same State [Mr.
R. D; Davis] was for free trade, direct taxes, no
laws for the collection of deMf, and the universal
righ's of man. Well, he would call Mr. John
C. Calhoun to the stand—one of the leaders of (he
Democracy in the oiher branch of the Legislature,
the candidate of a large portion of his party for the
Presidency, and, he might be permitted to add,
one of the most consistent of the Democratic lead-
ers.
[Here Mr. W. read a quotation from a speech
of Mr. Calhoun of the last sesmod, ending with
tbe assertion that the whole Democratic party was
rallied under the banners of free trade, in favor of
free trade.]
Here he had tbe testimony of the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] and of two
gentlemen from New York, [Meksrs. McKEONand
Davis,] that free trade was one of the cardinal
principles of Democracy, and, above all, that of
the great leader of a large portion of them—one
whom he was bound to declare that he believed to
be as honest a man as ever breathed the political
atmosphere, and, whatever might be said of his
changes of opinion on politieal subjects, there was
no spot or blemish either on his public or private
character. He alluded to John C. Calhoun, who
made the declaration.
Now, he asked Northern gentlemen on that floor,
who could deceive their Southern colleagues no
longer, if they were in favor of those principles
of free trade as the cardinal principles of Democ-
racy? He appealed to the Representative of the
district in which Mr. Yan Buren, the great leader
of Northern Democracy, resided.
Mr. R. McCLELLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
respond. If by ftee trade I am to understand di-
rect taxation, I am opposed ta free trade. But if,
by free trade, I am to understood low duties and
low taxation, then I am in favor of free trade.
[Cries ot "That's right."]
Mr. WHITE said he asked the gentleman if he
was in favor of free trade; and that gentleman re-
plied, by asking him what free trade meant.
Mr. McCLELLAN. Well, sir, I will tell the
gentleman what I mean, so plainly that he shall not
misunderstand me.
Mr. WHITE refused to yield the floor to the
gentleman from New York for that purpose. He
then went on to observe that the Democratic mem-
bers were afraid of committing themselves before
their conoca?iits; and asked if the Southern Dem-
ocrat! were m favor of free trade, and the North-
ern Democrats were not, whether there were not in
the Democratic racks, divisions similar to those with
which the Whig parly had been taunted. He
further alluded to the triumph claimed by Northern
Democratic presses, which attributed tbe passage
of the tariff bill to the vote of Mr. Silas Wright cf
the United States Senate; and to the course pur-
sued by Southern Democratic presses, by which
odium was piled upon the Whig party for the pas-
sage of tbat same bill; but wbea the Demtcrats
from those two divisions of the country met on
this floor, tbe> were as gentle as cooing doves. He
should then assume lhat ftee trade wa- a cardinal
principle of the Democratic creed; while, on the
other side, protection of American industry was
the opposing party principle; and so far the posi-
tion ol the two parties was understood. But hs
would ask the free-trade advocates, if their doc-
trines should prevail, how they would supply the
deficiency which would be thereby created? Not
from customs. Not from import duties. Not by
taxing the commerce of foreign nations. They
were told there were two courses—the one taxing
commerce, and the other direct taxation. If the
principles of free trade should prevail, direct taxa-
tion would be inevitable; and he would show to
the House what the burdens imposed on each
State would be under such a system, from a table
which he had prepared on the basis of the last
census.
The honorable gentleman read his tabular state-
ment, and went into a series of commentaries on
the oppressive nature of such taxation, particularly
on his own State, which was made to pay the in-
terest of existing obligations. He commented
further on the doctrines of particular gentlemen on
tbat floor, and on the inequalities which were ob-
servable in the benefits of their legislation between
the Western and the Atlantic Stales, and conclu-
ded with remarks on the motives by which he was
himself actuated.
Mr. FILLMORE said he merely rose to see if
it would be in order to say something about the
bill before tbe committee. He knew that many
gentlemen wished to propose amendments; and he
had hoped lhat the debate would have been carried
on upon these amendments. The bill must be
passed: and, as nothing had been said about it, he
would call attention to the estimates from tbe de-
partment, and the appropriations recommended by
the Committee of Ways and Means; and, also, he
would call attention to a statement from the Navy
Department, showing where reductions might be
made, wiihoat materially interfering with the ser-
vice. According to the estimate sent from the de-
partment, ihesum of $4,020,062 46 was asked for as
requisite for the naval service and the marine corps
during the first half of the calendar year 1843.
Now the committee recommended an appropriation
of $3,663,978 21 for the same object; thus effect-
ing a reduction of $356,084 25. For tbe fiscal
year from June, 1843, to June, 1844, the depart-
ment estimated the amount required for the service
at $7,318,021 71. The committee reduced the
amount to $6,248,079 25. Reduction on the year,
$1,069,942 46. Total reduction by the committee
from the estimates of the Navy Department during
the half calendar year and the fiscal year,
$1,426,026 71.
[Several members: "Give us the heads of reduc-
tion."]
Mr. P. said he could not now state the various
heads of reduction; one item, however, he would
state, and that was $500,000 in the item for the in-
crease, repair, and armament of the navy during
the half calendar year. The committee also made
reductions by cutting off the appropriations for
new works at navy-yards.
Mr. MALLORY rose and inquired what rule
was adopted by the committee in scaling these
appropriations. He observed, from reading the
bill, that a large amount was proposed for the
navy yard at Portsmouth, N. H,, and also for Bos-
ton; whilst there was very little for the Southern
stations—Pensacola and Gosport. He wished to
know the reason of this distinction,
Mr. FILLMORE said that the committee acted
on the principle of striking out all appropriations
for the establishments of new works at navy-yards.
Mr. MALLORY said the reason would not ap-
ply in the case of the reduction of the appropria-
tion for Gosport, Va.
Mr. FILLMORE. Wlv.1
Mr. MALLORY said because the appropriations
proposed for the Gosport r.avy-yard did not con-
template new worts, but were for old ones.
Mr. FILLMORE remarked lhat this case, and
the lernark of the srn'leman from Virginia, [Mr.
MaUuOry,] fhowed how little attention wav paid to
the concerns of the navy. By reference to the es-
timates of last session, it would be seen that an ap-
propriation of $36,000 was asked to build a new
store-house at the Gosport navy-yard. Ttte com-
mittee struck out the item, on the ground that it
contemplated a new work- The House acquiesced
in their decision, and struck the item from the'bill.
Notwithstanding this decision, the Navy Depart-
ment took $15,000, (which had been appropriated
towards other objects,) and applied it to the com-
mrncement of this new work, for which additional
appropriations were now wanted.
Mr. MALLORY said that the explanation of the
gentleman did not reach the objection he had
raised: it went around and about the objection,
without reaching it. Mr. M. was understood to
say that the appropriation asked for contemplated
the completion of a quay dock, instead of the put-
ting up of new works.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired whether the gentle-
man had looked into the estimates of last year
sent from tbe department?
Mr. MALLORY said he had not.
Mr. FILLMORE said ihat these estimates as-
sumed such a Protean shape, that it was often im-
possible to trace them, and find out for what ob-
ject the appropriations were wished; but, whenever
the committee did ascertain it, their object was al-
ways to cut off those which were for the commence,
ment of new works.
As the present state of the treasury had been
brought to the notice of the House, he felt it his
duty to say something in relation to it. He would
call attention to the estimates sent from the Navy
Department, in order that the House might see on
what data the Committee of Ways and Means
had acted. The department had put down the sums
required for the several squadrons in the Mediter-
ranean, tbe Pacific, the Brazilian station, the East
Indies, the coast of Africa, and the home squadron;
and in another table, it had specified, after carry-
ing out the amount required for all, the sum re-
quired for each vessel of a distinct class. Thus,
the House might, if it saw fit, diminish the force
of the navy as it pleased, by specifying any par-
ticular vessel which should not be put in commis-
sion. He merely stated this fact, in order tbat the
House might pursue its own pleasure. He was not,
however, instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to make any motion having for its ob-
ject a reduction.
Mr. MERIWETHER rose to ask a question:
Mr. FILLMORE yielded; and expressed a wil-
lingness to answer.
Mr. MERIWETHER wished to know whether
the bill did not propose an increase of $600,000
above the amount last year expended in paying
the navy?
Mr. FILLMORE. Very likely.
Mr. MERIWETHER said he made it $598,000.
There v/as, also, according to his estimate, a sur-
plus fund now on hand, amounting to $490,000, ap-
plicable to this object.
Mr FILLMORE observed that the estimates of
last year were cut down. He was also understood
to sSy that the amount proposed to be appropriated
by the item could not be reduced, without taking
from the officers of the navy what they were enti-
tled to by law.
He would say that a most strange proposition
had been this morning submitted by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,] to lay all tbe
appropriation bills on the table. It was, indeed, a
grave charge which that gentleman brought against
the Whig party, when he said tbat they were, last
session, disposed to withhold the appropriations for
carrying on the Government. It was with sur-
prise that he to-day heard, for the first time, at
this iate hour of the session, when only enough
time was left to act upon the appropriation and
upon other necessary bills, a proposition to lay all
appropriation bills on the table, and not appropri-
ate a dollar until the ways and means should have
been provided. It did seem to him extraordinary
that this objection should come from tbat side of
tbe House to which the gentleman belonged, at this
late day.
He would now say a word or two upon the means
of carrying on the Government. The only com-
munication which the Committee of Ways and
Means had received from the Treasury Depart-
ment, and the only basis of information on which
they had to act, was the financial report of the
Secretary, laid before the House in December last.
Without enumerating the details of that report,
and tbe estimates of tbe Secretary, he would merely
state that the result arrived at by that officer was,
