CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
that, on the 1st July, 1844, there would be a
balance in the treasury, over and above the de-
mands upon it, of $1,035,871 01.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia rose, and inquired
whether the gentleman from New York, as chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, had
come to the same conclusion.
Mr. FILLMOREsaid he could arrive at no other
from the same data.
Mr. WISE said the answer given to bis col-
league [Mr. Smith] did not satisfy him. Did the
gentleman from New York mean to say that, from
the data furnished by the Secretary of the Treasury,
he could come to no other conclusion? He would
ask the gentleman whether he had not looked to
ether data than that furnished him by the Treasury
Department? Was not the gentleman's own opin-
ion diffsreru? Had not the gentleman endeavored
to form an opinion upon other data?
Mr. FILLMORE said he would take pleasure
in answering any questions that nr'gat tend to en-
lighten the members on this subject.
Mr. WISE saiii he put his questions in all good
faith.
Mr. FILLMORE remarked that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with the many labors im-
posed upon them, were necessarily compelled to
rely upon the information which they might re-
ceive from the Treasury Department in relation to
the receipts and expenditures of this Government.
The committee supposed that, inasmuch as the Sec-
retary communicaisd his estimate of the receipts
and expenditures on the l{ ih of December, if any
circumstance had since occurred to induce him to
believe that he had made a mi^ake in his esti-
mates, he would have corrected them before this,
As no communication had been received from him,
either by the committee or by the House, from (hat
day to this, it was to be presumed that his esti-
mates were correct. So far from the committee
having received any isformation that the report of
the Secretary was not to be relied on—after wait-
ing for a long time, and after hearing it announced
from day to day, in that hall, that the estimates of
the department could not be relied on, he, by di-
rection of the committee, addressed a letter to the
Secretary on the 3Ht of January, asking for in-
formation. He would rfad that letter to the
House; but, before he did so, be would remark that
no answer had been received from tbe Secretary.
He then read a copy of the letter he had ad-
dressed to the Secretary, from which the reporter
gathered that he requested the Secretary to state—
1st, the amount of treasury notes issued, and when
due; 2d, the amount of treasury notes issued, on
which the interest is payable semi-annually; 3d,
the amount of the loan taken, distinguishing be-
tween that taken last session, and that taken re-
cently; 4th, the amount of the loan and treasury
notes authorized, but not issued; 5th, th3 estimated
"revenue for the calendar year 1843; and 6th, the
estimated expenditure daring the same period,
under each general head. These inquiries were
sent by him to the Secretary on the 31st of Janu-
ary. He had since received no response.
Mr. WISE. With all due deference. .
Mr. FILLMORE. In addition to this, he would
state that, on the same day, he addressed a letter
to the Secretary, asking for his opinions upon the
proposed modification of the tariff, and stating that
the committee were waiting to see what he had to
recommend.
Mr. WISE remarked that it was the practice for
the House to tfke the data furniifaed by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, and also the da a furnished
by the Committee of Wajs and Means, in passing
its appropriation bills. Both were responsible, and
both bound to inquire into the financial affairs of
the Government. Tue gentleman from New York
said that it was the duty of the Secretary of the
Treasury to furnish data on which to act in making
appropriations. He asked, was it not the duty of
the committee also to snake inquiries? He wished
to know whetcer—as doubts had been expressed in
relation to the correctness of the Secretary's esti-
mates—the Committee of Ways snd Means had,
for themselves, made inquiry into the Blatter, and
what opinion they had formed? He had a right to
know their views.
Mr. FILLMORE said he knew not what would
be the amount of imports the present year. He
could not undertake to make an estimate. Bat, he
would say, that he was not before aware that :t was
the duty of the Committee of Ways and Means to
correspond with the collectors of our ports, in or-
der to ascertain what would be the amount of du-
ties on imports. The only source on which they
had to rely was the department, which they held
responsible for furnishing correct information.
MT, WISE said he was not yet satisfied. He
wished to know the gentleman's opinion upon the
data be/ore him.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had already given
that.
Mr. WISE had not heard it.
Mr. FILLMORE said that if the data of the
Secretary were correct, his result was true—if oth-
erwise, not. After a few remarks expressing his
regret that the deficiency in the revenue occurred
when there was so little time left to remedy it, he
concluded by expressing the hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Meri-
wether] would be withdrawn, and offered, if the
gentleman thought proper to persist in it, when a
more appropriate bill came up. He referred to the
retrenchment bill of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Arnold,] which had been made the spe-
cial order for Tuesday n«xt.
Mr. STANLY read an amendment— which, he
said, he intended to offer at the proper time—-re-
ducing the number of ships employed on foreign
stations, effecting a reduction of about $100,000.
Mr. S. then briefly opposed the amendment of the
gentleman from Georgia, and defended and eulo-
gized the officers of the navy.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia said that this amend-
ment would have no effect; for the officers would
receive their pay, whether they went to sea or
not.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN observed that, at this
late period of the day, he would not say all that he
should have said yesterday and the day before, had
he then obtained the floor. He now wished to say
something in relation to this navy bill, and
also to say a few words to the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr. White.] Some gentlemen contended
that this bill was not the appropriate one in which
to begin retrenchment; that it ought to be done m
a general bill, embracing all the departments of the
Government, Now, he thought they had better
make the reduction here; and if it should be super-
seded in another bill, there certainly would not be
a double reduction. He thought that the reduction
of the pay of some of the officers was too great;
while there were others that ought to be reduced;
for in the bill regulating the pay of the navy, pass-
ed in 1835, that House raised the salaries of some
of the officers up higher than was recommended by
the Secretary of the Navy. The gentleman from
Virginia had referred to the neglect of appropria-
tions for some of the navy-yard?; but he could
show that there was great partiality and injustice
in some of them. The appropriation for Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, for instance, $40,000
was for permanent improvements, in order to en-
large that yard, and place it on the same footing
with others. The appropriation for the yard at
Boston was for the same purpose; while the com-
mittee had stricken out of tbe appropriation for the
Philadelphia navy-yard, what the department had
recommended as indispensable—giving only $4,000
to that yard, instead of the $28,000 which was rec-
ommended. This, too, was done, while they gave
§40,000 to the little yard at Portsmouth, and $40,-
000 to the yard at New York; though it was not
yet decided whether the improvements were nec?s-
sary or not. When the proper time came, he should
offer an smendme.it increasing the appropriation
for the Philadelphia navy-yard, though he should
not be allored to advocate and explain it.
He would now say a few words to the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. White,] who voted for
taking this bill out of the committee at two o'clock,
and yet consumed one hour to-day without saying
one word in relation to it. That wa-s a sample of
the whole Whig party. They talked a great deal
of retrenchment and reform, while their whole ac
tiott tended to extravagance. They voted for eve-
ry appropriation, while they declared to the people
that their object was economy; and they might tell
them, too, how they prevented these Locofocos from
consuming the time of the House. If it was not
for the hour rule which they bad adopted, and the
resolution fortakiag bills out of the Committee of the
Whole, debates might go on, and something like re-
trenchment and reform might grow out of them;
but these gentlemen thought they had economized
enough when they saved time by suppressing debate.
After all, what good had resulted from it? There
never was a session in which there was so much
useless debate, and so much unnecessaiy consump-
tion of the time of the House—and all by the differ
ent members of the Whig party wrangling with
each other. Weeks after weeks bad passed in
debate, without hearing a Demecrat's voice, wbilo
the Wbigs were denouncing each other and de-
nouncing everybody.
Mr. KING here made some observation, which
was not heard by the reporter.
Mr. C. BROWN. Did you not vote for the
gag rule?
Mr. KING. No, I did not.
Mr. C. BROWN. Did you not vote for the
rule allowing a resolution to bs offered to take a
bill out of committee at a fewhours' warning?
Mr. KING admitted that he did.
Mf. C. BROWN then said that, if the gentleman
would put a loaded gun in the bands of a madman,
he must not complain of the consequences. Well, the
Whig party had accomplished all their objects; and
what hall they or the country gained by it? They car-
ried their land distribution measure, and the money
was sent to the States; but had the people been bene-
fitted by it? They had passed their bankrupt bill;
had the people approved of it? They had passed
their high tariff; had the people approved it, or bad
it replenished the treasury? [Here some gentle-
man asked Mr. B. if he did not vote for it.] The
gentleman asked if he voted for it. Yes, he did; and
would to God he could have voted for their bank
bill, in order that the people might see how de-
lusive were the promises of relief and prosperity
it held out to them.
He had voted for the tariff bill as an honest poli-
tician, though he did not believe that it would do
any good. He wanted it to go before the people,
and show them, by its practical results, that all the
promises of prosperity held out in its behalf were
utterly false. The Whigs had been holding meet-
ings in his district, promising good times, constant
employment to laborers and mechanics, and good
wages, if they could only get a tariff bill passed.
Well, the bill was passed; and what was the con-
sequence? Why, instead of constant employ-
ment and good wages, wages were reduced,
and numbers, were discharged. Such was the
result of "Whig promises. They had their dis-
tribution act, their bankrupt law, and their
high tariff; for all of which great promises
were made: and now that the country had repudi-
ated them, they were abandoning these measures
themselves. Much had been said about the cur-
rency; and he would ask if there was not enough
for the greatest advocate of a paper currency in.
the exchequer bill before the House? Would the
Whig party go befofe the people, and say that they
wanted more currency than this bill would give
them? Or would they go bsfore the people, and
say that the paper of a national bank would be a
better currency than the paper of the exchequer
founded on the revenues of the Government and
the public lands? The Whig party had everything
they wanted; and, with all their objects accomplish-
ed, what had been the verdict of the people? Where,
in this vast republic, had they been able to keep their
ground?
[Some one answered Mr. B: "In Georgia."]
He had heard it said, when, at the last elec-
tion for members to the next Congress in Georgia,
the entire Whig delegation was defeated, that their
defeat was caused by General Apathy. Now that
they had been able to get one crumb of comfort by
the election of onemember forthetail ofthe session,
they hailed itas a great triumph and a glorious vic-
tory. But might not that result have been caused by
General Apathy also? He would ask any gentle-
man from Georgia to rise in his place, and say that
