mo
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the result of that election was cau-fed by a single
measure of this session. Was this gentleman [Mr.
Crawford] elected to make a national bank? Was
he elected to perpetuate the high tariff? He had
not seen the gentleman's votes yei; but he would
vote differently from the Whigs of his section of
the country if he voted lor any of these meas-
ures. Now for retrenchment; for nothing was
more potent at the last elections than that sabject.
There was not a district in this Union in which the
Whig candidates did not go before the people upon
the extravagant expenditures of the last Adminis-
tration. Everywhere they imputed to that Admin-
istration extravagant waste of the public money,
JMid high salaries. Now, let them put their hands
on a single retrenchment they had effected. Why,
so notorious was their opposition to retrenchment,
that the member from Tennessee, one of their par-
ty, [Mr. Arnold,] Admitted that he principally re-
lied on the Democrats to carry his bill through,
(No. 548.)
Yes'.erday, it was true, they punished one solitary
man by cutting off half his salary; and last session,
the only man they reduced was the man who car-
ries wood and brings water. They did not reduce
the pay of the pages, as was alleged. If they knew
of any extravagance in the Government, it was
their duty, as honest men, to put an end to it when
they got into power. But they had not done so.
Let Ihem but show a general movement at re-
trenchment and reform, and he wonld answer for
Democrats enough to enable (hem to carry it through.
Where would they begin retrenchment, be as-ked
them, if this bill was not the place for it? The
bill of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ar-
nold's No 548,] they said was not the placc for it;
and now, within three weeks of the close of the ses-
sion, it was too late to introduce another bill. The
gentleman from Indiana said that they went tor
reform; but he should like to know what their re-
form was.
Mr. PR0FF1T. To gel such men as you out of
Congress.
Mr. C. BROWN in continuation. Yes, it was;
but gentlemen, in striving to get us out, got them-
selves out of Congress; they dug a pit for us, which
ihey fell into ihemielves.
There were but few Whig members in the Home
who would not be repudiated by their constituents.
They had been, and were being, reformed oat
ihemselves; and this was, in his opinion, the best
referm that could be made. Their days were
numbered; and, in a khort month, all that would be
left of ihem and their reign, would be a blotted
page on the records of these halls, and a debt of
some thirty or forty millions of dollars, that they
had, by thi'ir wasteful extravagance, imposed upon
the people they had deceived and betrayed.
It had been said that it was necessary to give
high pay in the navy, in order to get grod officers;
but all this was idle talk. We bad as good, if not
better officers, with one half the pay as we have
now. It was the officers who received only half
the pay of those of the present day, who gave the
navy its high character; and it was on the deeds of
those officers that those of the present day now re-
lied to sustain them. He would say nothing in re-
gard to the stale of the treasury, further than that
in these times of public distress, those in the ser-
vice of the public should bear a portion of that
distress. This doctrine wascarried out in his State,
by taxing all the public officers; and in Alabama,
as he had lately seen, in curtailing the salaries of
all the officers of the State 20 per cent. One of
the post-captains of the navy told him that he saved
more of his pay when he was a lieutenant, re-
ceiving only $700 per year, than he now did. [Some
gentleman was heard to say that the officer must
'hen have been a bachelor.] No, he was not a
bachelor. He would not do such discredit to ihe
lathes of the country, as to consider them a bill of
expense. The Scriptures told them woman was
made a helpmate for man; and such he bad al-
ways considerd a good wife. At least such a
h°!p he should consider a wife, if be ever wa- so
f'j.'tusste as to get one, and not a subject of ex-
pfn'c, that wouid require the bounty of his country
to enable him to support. They slandered the la-
dies of the Union, who thus brought them into its
halls of legislation as burdens upon its officers or
its treasury. They deserved and held a higher po-
sition, and would scorn to be thus made an argu-
ment to extract money from the public coffers;
and, most of all, when those coffers were empty.
The hour fixed to terminate debate having ar-
rived, the committee proceeded to act upon the
amendments.
Tellers were demanded on the amendment offer-
ed by Mr. Meriwether, which was in the follow-
ing words: •
Add to the first section this proviso:
Provided, That, until otherwise directed by law, no part of
the present, or any future appropriations for the pay of com-
missioned, warrant, and petty officers, including the engi-
neer corps, shall be paid to the same, except upon a reduction
of the present pay at and after the rate of twenty per cent, per
annum.
Mr. C. Brown and Mr. T. J. Campbell were
the tellers appointed; and ihey reported 74 in the
affirmative, and 82 in the negative,
Mr. McKEON then submitted his amendment to
the first item, which, on Saturday last, he offered
as an amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia, providing that no part of this
appropriation shall be applied to the pay of offi-
cers, or to the equipping of vessels, to be employed
on the coatt of Alrica, under the late treaty with
England.
After a discussion on the appropriateness of this
amendment as an amendment to the first item, in
which Mr. GRANGER,Mr. WISE, Mr. SMITH
of Virginia, and the CHAIRMAN took part, it
wa5 decided to be in order.
Tellers were then called for, and ordered.
Mr. ADAMS inquired whether the gentleman
from New York [Mr. McKeon] meant to make an
appropriation which would be necessary to carry
out a treaty, for the support of a squadron on the
African coast, bjran addition to this bill. [Cries
of "Order"—"No debate."]
Mr. McKEON inquired if it would be in order
to reply to the question of the gentleman from
Massachusftts.
The CHAIRMAN replied in the negative.
Mr. Barton and Mr. Houston were then ap-
pointed tellers; and they reported 23 in the affirma-
tive. The negative was not counted,- and the
amendment was deemed l«st.
Mr. STANLY moved to amend by striking out
$2,993,161 as th* appropriation for the pay of the
officers and men, and insetting $2,715,805.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Boardman
and Weller were appointed; and they reported
73 in the affirmative, and 23 in the negative. The
amendment wa>>, therefore, agreed to.
Mr. AYCRIGG moved to amend a subsequent
item, by striking out "engineer corps," and insert-
"f ngineer men;" which was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY submitted an amendment to the
item making appropriation for the provisions of
the navy, transportation, cooperage, &c , which
was understood to be a reduction of the appropri-
ation for Provisions; but its precise purport was
not heard. The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY offered an amendment to an
item of the bill, for the purpose of providing that
the duties of the head of the Bureau of Clothing
and Provisions should be discharged by a cap-
tain in the navy.
Mr. KING moved to amend the amendment, by
striking out the word "captain," and inserting "pur-
ser."
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Gordon
and J. C. Edwards were appointed; and Ihey re-
ported 79 in the affirmative, and 81 in the nega-
tive. The amendment to the amendm nt was not,
therefore, agreed to. The amendment was then
adopted as submitted by Mr. Mallort.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to strike out the
appiopriation for clothing, &c , $380,000. Re-
jeck d.
The clause making an appropriation for medi-
cine, medical attendance, care of the sick, &c.,
having been read,
Mr. FILLMORE offered a verbal amendment,
uniting the appropriation for the several objects
intoone item—$57,250 for the half calendar year,
and $46 840 for the fiscal year.
Mr. FESSENDEN rose and offered an amend-
ment to this amendment, to be inserted by way of
proviso. It provided that no person shall hold the
place of chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery, unless he shall have been at least five years
in the sea service.
The question was taken upon this proviso, and
it was adopted without a division. Before the fact,
however, was announced to the cemmittee by the
Chair,
Mr. ADAMS rose to a question of order. He
contended that the amendment abridged the power
of appointment lodged in the President by the Con-
stitution, by requiring the President to select only
from a certain class of men in the service.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL said the amendment
involved a change of the organic laws, and would
essentially alter the qualifications required of offi-
cers.
Mr. ADAMS said it would have the effect of
dismissing the present chief of the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery.
[Several members: "Yes; that's what we
want."]
The CHAIR then decided that the amendment
was not in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN took an appeal.
Mr. WISE wished to know if the Chair had not,
a short time since, entertained a proposition to the
effect ihat none but a post-captain should occupy
the place of chief of. the Bureau of Clothing?
Why, then, object to receiving this proposition?
The CHAIRMAN said he should have no ob-
jection to having his decision reversed.
Mr. BOTTS and several gentlemen rose to de-
bate the question of order; but were ruled out of
order.
The decision of the Chair was then reversed, and
the amendment of Mr. Fessenden carried without
a division. Mr. Fillmore's amendment, as amend-
ed, was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS offered an amendment appropri-
ating $5,000 to the relief of recaptured Africans on
the coast of Africa: agreed to.
Mr. LEVY moved to reduce the appropriation
for the equipment, &c. of the navy, by taking
therefrom $50,000: rejected without a count.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to increase the appro-
priation for the navy-yard at Brooklyn, for the half
calendar year, frotn $14,000 to $16,000; and for
the fiscal year, from $22 900 to $25,400; so as to
provide for the guard-house: agreed to—ayes 73,
noes 52
Mr. CHARLES BROWN moved to increase
the appropriation for the navy-yard at Philadelphia,
for the halt calendar year, from $1,950 to $8,000;
and for the fiscal year, from $2,000 to $20,000: re-
jected without a division.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to increase the appro-
priation for the navy-yard at Gosport, Ya. so as to
piovide for the guard-house. Instead of $4,000,
as proposed for the half calendar year, he moved to
insert $5,200.
Mr. MALLORY moved to amend this amend-
ment, by striking out $5,200 and inr-erting $24,000.
(A voice: "That's modest.") The proposition was
rejected.
Mr. Fillmore's amendment was then adopt-
ed; as also a similar one offered by him fer in-
creasing the appropriation for the fiscal year from
$8,500 to $9,310.
Mr. FILLMORE next moved to increase the
appropriation for the Pensacola navy-yard, so as
to provide for the guard-house there, by inserting
$3,000 in lieu of $2,000 for the half calendar
year.
Mr. LEVY moved lo amend the amendment, by
striking out $3,000, and inserting $28,000: re-
jected.
Mr. Fillmore's amendment was then adopt-
ed, together with a similar one, increasing the ap-
propriation for the fiscal year from $3,000, to
$4 047, after a fruitless effort on the pan of Mr.
Levy to increase Ihe last named item to $63,000.
Mr. LEVY moved to insert $50,000 lor a float-
ing dock at Pensacola: rejected without a count.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to insert an item of
$1,000 for printing and publishing the code of rules
and regulations for the government of the navy,
prepared by the Secretary, under the order of
