CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
set
Congress, so soon as the same shall have been
ratified by both Houses: agreed to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON m ived an amendment
to strike out the word "increase" in the thirty-
seventh line, so that the appropriation should not
be made for the increase of the navy: rejected.
Mr. BURNELL offered an amendment provi-
ding that naval apprentices, upon being recommend-
ed by their teachers and commanders as fit for
the appointment, may be appointed midshipmen:
rfjected.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
then rose and reported the bill, as amended, to the
House.
Mr. KING rose, and was about addressing
the House; but af'er some conversation be-
tween him and Messrs. WISE and MERI-
WETHER, he agreed to forego his speech for this
occasion, and to move the previons question.
The previons question being seconded, and the
main question ordered,
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON expressed a wish to
have the amendments printed; and, for that pur-
pose, moved an adjournment: rejected.
The question was then taken on concurring in
the amendments made in Committee of the Whole,
and carried.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to recommit (he
bill to the Committee of the Whole, with instruc-
tions U> report it with an amendment reducing the
salaries of all the officers of the navy twenty per
cent.
Mr. WISE moved the previous question.
Mr. BURNELL said it was not in order for a
gentleman to rise and move the previous question
after a gentleman had submiiied a resolution, and
before it had been received by the Chair.
Mr. WISE explained,
Mr. MERIWETHER said it was his iniention
to have debated the question of recommitment.
He was occupying the floor, when the gentleman
from Virginia stepped in between him and the Chair,
before his proposition had even been read; and he
denied the competency of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to pursue such a course.
Mr. WISE, Mr. MERIWETHER, and the
SPEAKER explained.
The previous question was then seconded—88
voting ia the affirmative, and 63 in the negative.
The mam question was then ordered to be put,
and the bill was pss?ed. To prevent debate here-
after, Mr. FILLMORE moved a reconsideraiion,
on which he demswded the previous question.
The previous question was sustained, and the mo-
tion to reconsider was negatived.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 9,1843
The PRESIDENT pro lent, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting copies of communications from
:he collectors of .customs, in relation to the policy
of establishing the warehouse system; which,
On motion by HUNTINGTON, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. McDUFFIE presented additional doc-
uments from MiUedge Galpbin, relative to the
claims of the heirs of George Galphin; wh'ch was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the bill ma-
king appropriations for the payment of pensions
for the half calendar year, commencing on the
1st January, 1843, and ending on the 30th June,
1843; and for the fiscal year, commencing on the
lit July, 1843, and ending on the 30ih June, 1844.
Mr E. also, reported back, from the same com-
mittee, with an amendment, (which was ordered to
be primed,) the jo-'nt resolution authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to settle, on certain terms,
the liabilities of the sureties of Gordon D. Bojd,
late receiver of public moneys at Columbus, Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill to provide for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Mississippi river
and tributary streams; which was read, and order-
ed te a second reading, and the report accompany-
ing the same to be printed.
Mr SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, with several
amendments, House bill entitled "An act fot the
relief of Garret Vleit."
Mr. S, also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with an amendment, Senate bill for
the relief of Richard DeWitt and Ira J. Price.
Mr. S., also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of Jacob Wagoner; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the
Committee on Public Lands was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of David
Irvin, and others, praying to be confirmed in their
purchases of certain lands; and the petitioner s had
leave to withdraw their petition.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said a letter had been re-
ceived from the collector of New York, in relation
to a box of books furnished by the French Cham-
ber of Peers to the Senate of the United States; he
therefore moved the following resolution:
Resolved, That the communication of E. Curtis, esq., col-
lector at New York, concerning a case of books ami public doc-
uments forwarded to the Senate of the United States by the
House of Peers of the kingdom of France, be referred to the
Joint Committee on the Library; and that the said committee
be authorized to deposite the said books and public documents,
when they shall receive them, in the Library of Congress.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Commitiee on
Commerce, made reports (which were ordered to
be printed) adverse to the passage of the following
bills from the House, and with a recommendation
that they be rejected, viz:
An act for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Codhook, of Blue Hill,
Maine.
An act for the relief of Levi Eldridge and
others.
An act for the relief of the owners and crew of
the Three Brothers.
An act for the relief of John Patten, jr., owner
of ihe fishing schooner Credit, and the master and
crew of said vessel.
An act for the relief of William Ellery, owner
of the fishing schooners Savo and Ida, both of
Gloucester, Massachusetts, and others.
An act for the relief of John H. Russell and
others, as owners, master, and crew of the fishing-
schooner Lucy Ann.
An act for the relief of Mary Broadstreet, Amos
Tappan, and others.
An act for the relief of Barnabas Baker, jr., and
others, owners of the fishing-schooner Union, of
Dennis, Massachusetts.
An act for the relief of Joshua Knowles, jr., and
others, owners of the fishing-schooner Garnet.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, made an adverse report (which was
ordered to be printed) on the petition of Isaac Hull
and Thomas Curtis, praying for tha payment of a
sum of money withheld from them under the act
providing for the discharge of seamen.
Mr. H., from the same committee, reported
back, without amendment, and recommended its
passage, House bill for the relief of Knott Mar-
tin 3d, and Arnold Martin, owners of the fishing
schooner Only Son.
Mr. H. also reported back, from the same com-
mittee, with an amendment, (which was ordered to be
printed,) the Senate bill authorizing the appoint-
ment of an assistant collector at Bangor, in the
collection district of Belfast, Maine.
Mr. H , from the same committee, to which had
been referred the resolution of inquiry into the ex-
pediency of allowing tbe export of foreign merchan-
dise by land, as well as by sea, in original pack-
ages, with the benefit of drawback, reported that the
committee had instructed him to recommensl that
they be discharged from the further consideration of
the sutjfet, on tbe ground lh;.t a majority of the
committee were of opinion that there ought to be
no legislation of that character; that ibere was
none called for before the adjournment of ihe pres-
ent Congress. The report was ordered to be print-
ed, and to lie on tbe table for the present.
Mr. II., from the same comtnittee, to which had
been referred the resolution of the 27th December
last, directing that committee to inquire into the
state of our tonnage, freights, and commerce, aiul
several memorials relating thereto, and to rep rt
whether they were prosperous under our existing
regulations with foreign powers, and whether the
regulations by other Governments are equal and
in conformity to the spirit of our treaties with
such powers, and what measures were necessary
and proper to produce greater reciprocity, reported
a resolution, recommending that the committee be
discharged from the subject; and that the same be
referred to the Secretary of State, uh > is directed
th:reby to make the inquiries touching the matter,
and to report to the Senate at the next session of
Congress.
The report was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on'Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they be indefinitely post-
poned—
House bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Frances Pellicer; and
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Teackle Savage, administrator of Bohlha Laws.
Also, from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass, House bill for ihe relief of the le-
gal rep'esentatives of Lieutenant William S. Eve-
leth.
Also, from the Committee on Finance, reported
back, with an amendment, and with a recommei.d-
ation that it do pass, the bill for the relief of Win.
Selden, Treasurer of ihe United States.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, reported back, without
amendment, and with a recommendation that they
do pass, House bills of the following titles, viz:
An act to set aside certain reservations of lands
on account of live oak, in the southeastern district
of Louisiana; and
An act for the relief of the heirs of Philander
Smith and James Young.
The joint resolution from the House, directing
certain papers relating to titles to land in Louisi-
ana to be returned to the General Land Office.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the Commit-
tee on Private Land Claims was discharged from
the further consideration <ff the petition of Wo,
Wynn, praying to be confirmed in his title to cer-
tain lands.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the Committee
on Naval Affairs was discharged from the further
consideration of the petition of McKean Buchanan,
a purser in the navy, praying to be indemnified
for losses sustained by him, in consequence of a
violation of the usages of the navy by his com-
manding officer.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the Commit,
tee on Naval Affairs was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Thomas L.
Ragsdale; and leave was granted lo the petitioner
to withdraw bis petition.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, without amendmerft, the
House bill for the relief of George C. Johnson.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John
Moore; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY, the papers of
Jamison and Williamson were ordered to be taken
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Po^t Roads.
Mr. KING presented joint resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Alabama, selling forth that,
owing to the peculiar cotsdilion of tbe banks, the
individuals entitled to pre-emption rights on the
public lands find it utterly impossible to procure
specie to make a purchase of those lands wiihout
gre?,t sacrifice, &c., and recommending the pas-
sage of a law by Congress to permit Ihe registers
and receivers of that State to receive from the
aciual settler on the public lands, in payment of
their homes and cultivation, entered by them un-
der any of the pre-emption laws, the notes of the
Bank of the State of Alabama and its branches
io an amount pqtial to th© two per cent* fund
linqnisbed to that State by Gongress, remaining
