CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
063
to be the very best mode of obtaining supplies.
And as to having the agents to go to ihe markets,
instead of the commodities coming to the places
where they are wanted, it was an idea founded on
want of consideration, things for the naval ser-
vice mast necessarily have their market on the
seaboard, where they are alone marketable. If
timber is sent to Norfolk for the navy, and re-
jected, it finds a market for the commercial ma-
rine; and so with iron, hemp, and other articles.
Mr. BAGBY observed that he was opposed to
the principle of this resolution, in any shape or
form; but if gentlemen would pass it, they could
not object to carrying out their own avowed object,
of obtaining as good terms for the Government as
could <be had by the purchase cf foreign hemp.
He should, therefore, move an amendment as a
proviso, to the effect that the hemp purchased by
these agents shall not exceed the price at which
foreign hemp, of equal quality, can be bought.
Although he expected this amendment would be
adopted, and he should vote for it, yet, with or
without the proviso, he should vote against the
resolution. The real question at issue was not as
to this particular case, but as to the effect of such
a system of legislation. Once it is embarked in,
when is it to stop? What, too, is its object? It
must be one of two things: it must be either for
the benefit of the-Government, or for that of the
farmers of Kentucky and Missouri. If it is for
the benefit of the Government, it can be no object
to them, in reference to the particular branch of the
business it is to act upon. If for their benefit, and
not that of the Government, why should it be at-
tempted at all, as an act of general legislation?
The Senator from Pennsylvania might, with as
much propriety, call for an agency to be estab-
lished at the iron mines, to instruct smelters how to
prepare iron for the navy, or to bring the market
home to their doors.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he thought bis honora-
ble friend from Alabama saw terrible consequences
arising from the adoption of this resolution, which
existed only in his own exuberant fancy. The fa-
ble of the woodman and the forest might be push-
ed a good deal too far; it might be used against the
felling of a single tree, for the purpose of makii g a
fire, or for the ordinary purpos.es of domestic econ-
omy. He thought it was so in this cafe. He cer-
tainly would not disturb what (according to the
Senator from New Hampshire) were the well-set-
tled principles and practice of procuring materials
for the navy. Far f^m it. If there were peculiar
cases, however, requiring peculiar exceptions, he
would not omit acting upon these cases, because in-
genuity might raise an argument out of it, that it
would be an entering-wedge for the purpose of
prostrating the system. "What was the present case?
It might be stated in a few words. He himself
had, a great many years ago, had his attention
turned to the subject of tvater-rotting hemp. It was
introduced among the farmers of the county where
he resided; and it was the specimen first produced
in that county which impressed the Navy Board
with the belief that American water-rotted hemp
was equal to the foreign article; but such was be-
lieved to be the unhealthiness of the process of wa-
ter-rotting, that the farmers were induced to aban-
don it. Of late, an impulse has been given to it by
a gentleman in the West, who deserves great credit
for the efforts he bas made.
What did the bill propose? Anything novel?
Anything out of the way? Not at all. It pro-
posed simply the appointment of such agents in
Missouri and Kentucky, as you have at Boston,
and at other places, for the purchase of water-ro'-
ted hemp for the Government. There was no ques-
tion of tariff in fhi«; no question about the en-
couragement of domestic productions. He wou'd
vote with much pleasure for the proviso of the gen
tleman from Alabama. Ke agreed that we should
not pay more for the article than the foreiga ar-
ticle would cost. But, in the infancy of the pro
ducti«n of the art'ele, our farmers were liable to
be imposed upon. Why not, then, send an agent
near the place where the article was produced, if
it will encourage its growth in this country? Was
there any Senator who did not desire that we should
have a supply of necessary articles for the navy,
if it could be purchased upon as cheap terms as
the foreign article? Unless this could be done, it
ought not to be purchased from the farmers of Mis-
souri, Kehtucky, or any other State. It was a very-
different thing from the purchase of beef, pork,
iron, and the various productions ef this country,
the manufacture of which was well understood. It
was an article of a peculiar character, prepared in
a peculiar manner; and until the planters of the
West got in the habit of producing ii, it would be
highly proper to afford them every facility; but he
would not extend to them any peculiar advantages.
If they produce the article at all, they should pro-
duce it at as cheap a rate as the foreign article
could be obtained. He would vote most cheer-
fully in favor of the resolution.
Mr. BAYARD had but one word to say. It was
merely in reference to this subject not being a mat-
ter of recent orizin. So far back as 1811, it bad
been made a subject of national interest. It was
revived in 1824; and Mr. Southard—then Secretary
of the Navy—made a report, recommending it
strongly to the consideration of Congress. Mr. B.
read extracts from the reports on these occasions.
He also read a great portion of the rfeport of the
present Secretary of the Navy, (Mr. Upshur,)
showing how important he considered the present
measure. Mr. B. maintained that the law, as it
now stands, gives the Secretary of the Navy the
option of making his purchases either in the open
market or by contract.
Mr. WOODBURY said that was necessary, be-
cause, although the general principle was to be
that of receiving proposals and makirg contracts,
cases might occur in which a contractor, failing to
fulfill his engagement, the Secretary of the Navy
would be under the necessity of resorting to the
open market for immediate supplies; or cases might
arise of proposals not being received, or being too
high, and it would be proper to resort to the open
market.
Mr. BAYARD said he only meant to contend
that there was nothing in the law opposed to the
principle involved in this resolution, of sending
agents into an open market to make necessary pur-
chases for the navy.
Mr. BAGBY made a few remarks, not distinctly
heard in the gallery, in reply to the Senator from
Pennsylvania (Mr. Buchanan.]
Mr. McDUFFIE did not take except'on to the
re;olution on the ground that any agent properly
selected by the Government would pay more for
Kentucky hemp- of inferior quality than the price
ot the best foreign hemp; but his argument was,
that the Kentucky hemp-groweis had made out
their own case, and, by their own showing, had
proved that they could not afford to compete with
foreign hemp f equal quality, without a premium
of 50 per cenl from the Government. This shows
that they are uotyet prepared for the competition;
and that the present measure, even if the insupera-
ble objections to it did not exist, was, to say the
least of it, premature.
Mr. BENTON considered the disposition recent-
ly manifested to build up an enormous naval es-
tablishment had rendered this measure indispens-
able. A navy, costing seven millions of dollars
annually, out of a Government income of thirteen
or fourteen millions—a navy establishment for the
protection of commerce, which yields only twice as
much as the expenditure for that protection—never
could be sustained, unless it was rendered popular;
and to become popular, it must be an American
navy—built of American materials, supplied with
American stores, and manned with American sea-
men—white American seamen, and not blacks.
This was ihe reason he had voted against the enlist-
ment cf blacks in our navy.
The amendment was then adopted.
The question then came up on ordering the
amendment n be engrossed, and the resolu ion to
be read a third time.
Some conversational discussion occurred on the
subject of the expense which the resolution would
involve; Mr, SEVIER inquiring whether the agen-
cies were to be establishments, or merely two in-
dividual agents; and Mr. KING inquiring what
the total expense per annum would be. Mr BAY-
ARD acknowledging that the committee had no es-
timates, and stating that no appointment of agents
could be made till an appropriation shou'd be
passed on estimates furnished; and Mr. CRIT-
TENDEN stating that estimates from the depart-
ment had already been furnished to the other
House, showing that the whole cost would not ex-
ceed $6,000. The question was allowed to be
taken without further debate, and the amendment
was ordered to be engrossed, and the re-o^atioa.
read a third time—yeas 27, nays 17, a-- follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bales, Bayard. Ben-
ton, Buchanan, Clayton, Ciatts, Civtenden, Dayton, Evaup,
Huntington, Linn, Mc-Robevta, Manstnm, Miller, Morcneail,
Phelps, Potior, Simmons, Smith ot Ind'ani, Sprague, 'lali-
rnadze, White, Woodbridse. and Young—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Calhoun, Pulton. Henderson,
Kin" McDuffie, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, and
Wright—17.
At a subsequent stage of the day's proceedings,
the resolution came up with the amendment en-
grossed, and was read a third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the Senate took up,
as in committee of the whole, the bill making ap-
propriation for the payment of pensions for the
half calendar year commencing on the Ut of Jan-
uary, 1843, and ending 30th June, 1843; and for
the fiscal year commencing on the 1st July, 1843,
and ending on the 30th Jane, 1844; and tfeere be-
ing no proposition to amend the bill, it was reported
to the Senate.
Mr. KING inquired what was the amount in-
volved in the bill.
Mr. EVANS replied, about $940,000 for the
eighteen months— not much more than half the
amount for the year as was appropriated last year.
The bill was then, according to order, read the
third time, and passed.
The bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the years 1843 and 1844, was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
The following bills were then read the third
time and passed, viz:
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
representatives of Alexander Macomb, Robert Jen-
nings, and the heirs and legal repnsentatatives ef
James Roddy, deceased, sureties of Samuel Champ-
lin, late a paymaster in the army of the United
States."
The bill to prevent the employment of private
expresses upon mail routes, and for the prevention
ot frauds on the revenue of the Post Office Depart-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting a report, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 27th August last, of
the facts in relation to the erection of a light-house
at the Southwest Pais of the Mississippi, which
On motion by M# EVANS, was referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. EVANS gave notice that he would, on to-
morrow, ask the Senate to take up and consider
the navy appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD said there were one or two bills
reported from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
which he asked the Senate to take up for consider-
tion. One was a bill which passed the Senate at
the last session, for augmenting the marine corps;
and the other for the reorganization of the Navy
Department.
M<\ BUCHANAN sai l, did the Senator from
Delaware think it was possible that they could
wrhin the remaining three weeks of the session,
pass bills for reorganizing the cavy and marina
corps? He hoped they would not be taken up.
Mr. BAYARD did not know what the Senator
meant by the reorganization of the navy. The bid
Wis merely to amend the bill passed at the last ses-
sion to reorganize the Navy Depart rent, by estab-
lishing the bureau sjstem. The bill concerning the
augmentation of the marine cirps was passed in.
the very form in which the bill was reported at
tins session, af.er a long discussion. He hoped
they weuld be taken up.
The question was put on taking them up, and
decided in the negative—ayes 15, noes 16.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the bills were
made the order of the day for Saturday next.
The bill from the H®uso for the relief of Orria
