5264
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfcE.
Prentiss, of Stonington, Ct., owner of the schooner
Lilly, and the crew of said vessel, was taken up,
as in committee of the whole, on an adverse report
cf the Committee on Commerce, and rejected.
House bill 568, for the relief of John Gerald
Ford, was taken up, as in committee of the whole,
on an adverse report of the Committee on Finance;
and, without being considered, was, on the motion
of Mr. BUCHANAN, laid on the table for the
present.
House bill entitled "An act for ihe relief of
Isaac Champlin" was taken up, as in committee of
the whole, on an adverse report of ihe Committee on
Commerce, and indefinitely postponed.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Casper W. Weaver" was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole; and, after a few remarks bv
Messrs. KING, GRAHAM, BAYABD, and
CLAYTON, in favor of its passage, and Mr.
WEIGHT against its passage, it was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to a thud reading.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 9,1843.
Mr. HENRY DODGE, on leave, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered and
adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to report to
the House: 1st, the number ot superintendents, agents, clerks,
surveyors, and other assistants now in the employment el the
Government, at the agency of the lead mines on the Upper
Mississippi; the salary and compensation paid to each, and the
fund out of which the same is paid, together with the amount
of all the contingent expenses arising from said employment.
2d. That he report the amount ofrente winch has been collect-
ed on leases granted since the establishment of the present
agency at Galena, in 1841; and whether (hese rents have been
collected in cash or lead.
Mr. PLUMER presented a communication,
signed by 13 major and brigadier generals of the
State of Pennsylvania, asking that the franking
privilege be extended to major and brigadier
generals in their correspondence with the Secre-
tary of the Commonwealth and officers of divis-
ions and brigades when writing ob military sub-
jects: referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. J. HASTINGS presented a memorial,
signed by 58 farmers of Columbiana county, Oliio,
asking Congress for an equalization of the tariff,
and in just reference to their staples of wool and
hides;
Also, a petition of the same tenor, signed by 49
farmers of the same county; both of which wcie
appropriately t< ferred.
Mr. REYNOLDS called for the orders of the
day.
The SPEAKER sa:d that ha would proceed in
order, in calling upon the commltees of the House
for reports.
OCCUPATION OP OREGON.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the select committee
appointed on the subject, reported a bill to adopt
measures for the occupation and settlement of
the Territory of Oregon, and for extending certain
portions of the laws of the Untied States'over the
same, and for other purposes: lead twice, referred
to the Committee of the Whole House on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
DISBURSING OFFICERS
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported a bill to bring into the treas-
ury moneys received by certain public officers be-
fore they can be disbursed, and for other pur-
poses.
COAST SURVEY.
Mr. FILLMORE wished to inquire of the chair-
man of the Select Committee on the Coast Survey
"whether the House might expect a report from
them this session?
Mr. MALLORY replied that the committee still
lad the subject under consideration. They met
from day to day, and probably would make a re-
port next week.
Mr. FILLMORE observed that that would be
too late for Ihe purposes of the Committee ofWajs
and Means.
Mr. WISE begged his colleague to inform the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
that he need not delay any appropriation he con-
templated on accouat of ihe report.
Mr. MALLORY said that he wished to add that
the report of the select committee had been de-
layed, and its purposes somewhat changed, from
the insults they had been constantly receiving from
the superintendent of the coast survey. They had
received some very insulting letters from Mr.
Hassler.
Mr. WISE observed that he did not know wheth-
er a report might be expected at all. There was
great diversity of opinion among the members as
to what their leport should be; and he thought it
too late in the session for them, with their conflict-
ing opinions, to come to any agreement.
Mr. AYCRIGG (one of the members of the Se-
lect Committee) asked leave to make a report, con-
taining his views on one branch of a subject that
had been referred to them.
Mr. WARREN asked if it was the report of the
majority of the committee.
Mr. AYCRIGG said that it was a report con-
taining his own particular views; but that he was
authorized to present it by the committee.
Mr- WARREN objected to its reception.
Mr. MALLORY said that this report presented
the gentleman's views on a particular subject that
had been reported on by the committee, and he
could see no impropriety in receiving it. It was
impossible to say what report the committee would
agree on.
Mr. WISE begged leave to add, that the com-
mittee had not begun to investigate this subject yet;
and it was teo late in the session to expect a re-
port.
Mr. BARNARD objected lo the reception of the
report, as it did not come from the majority.
Mr. WISE said that it was a very extraordinary
case that one member out of five of a committee
should make a report presenting his own peculiar
views, and that four others of them should author-
ize him to present it to the Hou'e., though they did
not concur in it. If this report was on the subject
of weights and measures, he would inform the
House that the committee had taken no action on
it, except to delegate to the gentleman from New
Jersey the office of collecting facts, which they were
to act on. The committee had taken no vote on
the subject.
Mr. HOPKINS observed that there was, ac-
cording to his understanding, nothing unusual-
nothing but what was consistent with the universal
practice ot the House—in receiving this report as
the seutirnentsof an individual member of the com-
mittee. The majority of the commitiee had re-
ported on one branch of the subjec' committed to
them; and the gentleman from New Jersey, in ac-
cordance with the universal custom of the House,
flsked leave lo present a minority report contain-
ing hi^ views. The gi-nthman had a right to do
this, and ?uch a privilege was never denied to a
minority nf a committee.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland observed that a
custom had giown up in the House, and was of
late years,_a!lowing minorities of committees to
make repots. According to parliamentary law,
and the former usage of the House, minority re-
ports were not known at all. Nothing could come
from' the coramttlee, in the form of a report, but
what wa< agreed on by a maioiity of its members.
He alluded to another practice which had grown
up—and this was the courtesy of committees, which
allowed single members to draw up reports ard
present them to the House, in the name of the ma-
jority, though every member of the majority had
not concurred in them. A case of this kind had
just struck his notice. It was the report of the
Committee of Ways and Means on the subject of
issuing two hundred millions of Government stneks
to be dt'.tribu.'td among the Slate*. This report
professed to come from the majority, and he should
like to know if ev.*ry member of the majority con-
curred in it.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL said that the
report was drawn up under instructions from a ma-
jority of the committee, and concurred in by them
when it was. read to them. He called on the chair-
man to say whether it had his sanction.
Mr. FILLMORE had no hesitation in saying
that, in reference to the report, it had his unquali-
fied approbation.
Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL next called on the
gentleman from Ohio [Mf. Mason] to say whether
he did not concur in the report; but it was ascer-
tained that the gentleman was not in his seat.
Mr. I. begged leave to ask the chairman, if the
person who drew up the report did not act under
instructions from the majority of the committee;
and whether that report did not receive the appro-
bation of every member of the committee, when
it was read to them?
Mr. EVERETT made some remark, which was
inaudible at the reporter's desk.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL replied that the gentle-
man from Vermont did not understand it.
Mr. FILLMORE rose; but
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said he should proceed.
The gentleman {Mr. J. R. Insersoll] had brought
two gentlemen to confession.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL rose and wished to
say a word.
Mr. EVERETT objected to this course of pro-
ceeding,
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said he introduced this
subjpet to illustrate the main principle with which
he had started—the introduction of reports by the
courtesy of committees, which had grown into an
abuse in this House. The proof of that fact was
contained in the document alluded to. He found
a minority report, signed by several members of
a committee; he also found a report, in which an
individual was speaking for a majority; but he
was told by several members of that committee
that they had not signed that majority report, nor
had they assented to, or oisrented from, its piin-
c;ples.
Mr. FILLMORE said, if lhat debate was in
order, he should ask who ibose members were that
had made such a statement.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
debate was in order.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted that the statement
made by the gentleman from Maryland was an im-
putation on the members of the committee; and, if
this debate was to be pursued, it was right that
the House should know who those members were.
He (Mr. Fillmore) was a member of the com-
mittee, and was present at its deliberations; and
he only knew of one gentleman who expressed any
doubt, and that was the gentlynan from Indiana,
[Mr. Wallace.] But that gUltleman afterwards
assented to the report,
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON said, if (he gentleman
from New York would interrogate the member
from Kentucky [Mr. Marshall] and the member
from Ohio, [Mr. Samson Mason,] they would speak
for themselves.
Mr. FILLMORE would say of the member
from Kentucky, that he was not present at the
meeting of ihe com. nttee; anil the jjent'emsn from
Ohio was not now in bis se.*.' in the House.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL wo id inquire if the
gentleman from Ohio had not been interrogated,
an 1 if ha had not fnl'y sanctioned the views and
doctrines of the report which had been made.
Mr. FILLMORE'S reply was not heard.
Mr. ADAMS was understood to state the prac-
tice of committee? to b>\ that the> allowed reports
to be made by individual members, by courtesy;
and that such jeports were not binding on raem-
b< rs of the rovimitice, who were at liberty in the
House either lo ot'pfi;e or to support thpm.
Mr. J, R. INGERSOLL assured the gentleman
from Massachusetts that this report was a special
exception from that ptacice. That report was
prepared by ?,n individual member cf the commit-
tee, bet it was afterwards carefully read in the
presence cf every member of that committee, with
one ixcptif n; and it was distinctly approved. It
aftr-rivaids remained m the hands of members of the
comraiKee, other than the member who prepared it,
for several days; and it was returned with (as he
supposed) the unanimous assent and sporobation of
the comm:ttee, with the exception of the ?entkman
(torn Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who was not
present during any of the discussions on that sub-
ject, and whose indisposition has kept him much
