CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The document was too voluminous, and the matter
which it contained was extra-official and out of
the sphere of this Government. The printing of
the document would involve a heavy expense, and
for an object entirely unofficial.
Mr. BRIGGS advocated the printing; and
moved that the number of copies be increased to
10,000.
Mr. McCLELLAN accepted the amendment.
He contended that the report of the Commissioner
of Patents was no more than what he was required
by law to make. He sent to the Clerk a synopsis
of the contents of the report; which was read.
Mr. PENDLETON moved the previous ques-
tion; which to seconded by the House, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia called for the yeas and
nays; but they were not ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment to
print 10,000 instead of 5,000 extra copies, and car-
ried.
The question then being on the motion, as amend-
ed, to print 10,000 extra copies—
Mr. SMITH of Virginia called for the yeas
and nays; but the House did not sustain the call,
but decided the question in the affirmative without
a division.
The following bilis from the Senate were sever-
ally read and referred to appropriate committees:
The bill to alter the place of holding the distiict
court of the United States for the district of New
Jersey.
The bill making appropriations for the repaving
and repairing of certain portions of Pennsylvania
avenue.
The bill to perfect the titles to lands south of the
Arkansas river, held under New Madrid locations.
OREGON TERRITORY.
The bill authorizing the adoption of measures
for the occupation and settlement of the Oregon
Territory, and fur extending certain portions of
the laws of the United States over ihe same, and
for other purposes, was taken up.
On the question of referring this hill, Mr. PEN-
DLETON moved the reference to the Committee
oil Military Affairs;
Mr. REYNOLDS moved the reference to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and
Mr. EVERETT moved to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Alfaiis.
The two fir.n motions were rej.cted, and the last
adopted, referring the bill to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
The bill from the Senate, to change the time of
holding the circuit court of the United State; tor
the District of Connecticut, was also lead twice,
and referred.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The morning hour having expired, the Chair
announced ih.it this day wai set apart for the con-
sideration of business in relation to the Distiict of
Columbia; and,
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
of New York m ihe chair.)
Mr. SCJMMEil.3 c:;lkd up the bill to require
one of the judges of the circuit conrt of the District
of Columbia hereatter to reside in Alexandria; and
the bill being amended, at the suxcest'on ot Mr.
HOPKINS, so as to make the residence in Alexan.
dria county, instead of within ihe 'units ci the town,
was laid aside to be repined
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the commit-
tee next took up the biil to meorpor.'.'e ihe oiphan
asylum and free school of Alejvndna, in the Oi -
trict of Columbia.
Mr. ROOSEVELT mov d to amend it, by stri-
king out ihe word "forever," and inserting "twenty,
years," for ihe duration tf the chs-rtor; and after
some remarks from Ms^'s SMITH, POWELL,
ROOSEVELT, iuh! UNDfeRVv 0;jD, the motion
was rejected.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved that the com-
mittee take up ihe bill for the relief of the Howard
Institution; which was agreed to. He then ex-
plained that it was proposed by (his bill to ;t .1 cer-
tain lots of land in this city for the purpose of rais-
ing $5,000, with which to enable that institution to
build a house for its u<e, as it m>;st vacate Ihe
small building which it now occupied.
Mr.-REYNOLDS opposed the bill, and urged
that Congress had no more right to give money to
the city of Washington, thaa it had to give it to
any other city of the Union.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON replied, and gave his
support to the bill.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia moved that the bill
be laid aside, with a recommendation that it be re-
jected. He replied to the argument of the gentle-
man from Maryland [Mr.W. Cost Johnson] that it
was the duty of Congress to surrender all the lots
acquired from tine Slate of Maryland to the District
of Columbia.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON explained. He had only
spoken in favor of surrendering $5,000 worth of
lots.
Mr. SMITH appealed to the committee to say
■whether the scope of the gentleman's argument was
not such as he had stated. He then entered into
an argument against the bill, on the ground that it
proposed that Congress should take the paupers of
the District upon their hands, and support them.
It was the duty of every community to maintain its
own paupers. Why should the people of the Dis-
trict of Columbia be excepted from the general
rule? Why should Congress undertake to support
the paupers of a community, who were daily in the
receipt of favors from the Government? As well
might Congress undertake to support the paupers
of the States.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON advocated the bill,
and replied to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Smith.]
[A message, in writing, was received from the
President of the United States, by the hands of
Robert T>ler, esq., his private secretary.]
Mr. GR1KGER. replied t> the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith ] and more particularly to the
doctrine that each community should support its
own poor. He al o replied to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Reynolds,] who had opposed the
giving so much money to ih? District, whilst so
little was appropriated for improvement in the West-
ern Sia'es.
The debate further continued by Messrs.
REYNOLDS, SMITH of Virginia, POPE, and
GORDON; after which,
The quc-tion was taken en striking out all
after the enacting clause, and it vas negatived—
'Ji voting in tiie affirmative, and 87 m the negative.
Trie bill was then laid aside, to be lenorted to the
House.
Mr. UNDERWOOD next called np a bill to
provide for an insane asylum for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. UNDERWOOD explained the objects of
the bill.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON opposed the bill, and
maintained that it would incur a vast expense an-
nually upon the treasury. He w?s opposed to ap-
propriations of tins kind st a time when there was
no money in the treasury to pay the ordinary de-
mands upon it.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied; and Mr. JOHN-
SON rejoined,
Mr. BRINGS advocated the bill,and mainti'ned
thru its passage was called for by every principle
of humanity.
Mr. ROOSEVELT opposed the bill, and con-
tended that ihe r-vermes of tho <JBuntry vvero -
as no' to justify an expenditure of this kind. He
stated that he had information, on which h  could
rely, that the revenues were now not sr.oro than
£9,000,000 per annum. He felt it to he an ircpe-
lious duty to oppose every appropiiation not abso-
lutely called for by the necessitiesrf the countrv.
After s"me further remaiks from Messrs. PROF-
FIT. CAVE JOHNSON, MALl.ORY, and FILL-
MORE,
On. motion of Mr. SMITH, the committee rose;
and, after the reception and reft recce of several
Executive commnrrca'io&s,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 10, 1843.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
W. R. Bart'ett, of the city of New York, accompa-
nied by a printed pamphlet—being a treatise on the
causes of diseases in hor!?s and cattle, and fruit, and
the remedy. The memorialist prays Congress
to pass a joint resolution to make an appropriation
for its publication and distribution to the farmers
of the countrj: referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
eighty persons, who subscribe themselves as citi-
zens of 'he United States, residents of Pennsylva-
nia, asking Congress to authorize the issue of
§200,000,000 of Government stock, based «n the
public lands, to be distributed to the States in a
representative ratio, for the purpose of afford-
ing a sufficient 3nd necessary currency: referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE presented a memorial
from inhabitants of Grand Valley, in the State of
Michigan, asking for an appropriation for the con-
struction of a harbor in the mouth of Grand river, on
Lake Michigan: referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial from one
hundred and forty-seven citizens of the county
of Oakland, in the Stat® of Michigan, praying
for the discontinuance of a portion of the military
road leading from Detroit, in that county, as a use-
less expense to the people: referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Also, presented a petition from Lewis Lambert,
praying allowance for interest on certain moneys
paid for land, tho certificates of purchase for which
were for a very great length of time vacated,
and the purchase money was, after this great de-
lay, directed to be returned to him: referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a joint reso-
lution, adrp'ed by 1he Legislature of Indiana, in-
structing the Senators s>nd requesting the Repre-
sentatives from that State to use their influence to
prosure an appropriation to improve the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi, Ohio, Wabash, and other
important rivers, which are national highways,
and tributaries to those rivers.
Also, presented a joint resolution from the same
source, instructing the Senators and requesting the
Representatives from that State, to urge upon Con-
gress the establishment of a home maiket for water-
rotted hemp; which were ordered to lie on the
table and be printed. *
Also, presented a memorial, numerously signed,
from citizens of Indians, on the subject of granting
pre ewption right? to land now reserved from the
r:ght of preemption: referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. DAYTON presented a memoiial from pro-
prietors, managers, agents, captains, ?.nd pilots, of
the several lines of steamboats plying to and from
the cay of New York, retting forth tba' so much
of the steamboat law which compels the boats to
be provided with tiller chains ins'esd of ropes, is
destructive ot the security of life and property, on
account of the d.fficulty of managing the boats with
facility with them; and that they have been com-
pelled to violate that provision of the law, by rea-
son of which th'*y are subjected to numerous pros-
Conors, which are now pending. They pray Con-
gress to pass a special law, framing them relief
against t'cuse pros*-cutlnus; and, for the purpose of
relieving thera from future prosecution?, to modify
that provis"~n of ihe Ir.w reteired to
Mr. DAYTON mad-/ some remarks calling the
attention of the Committee on Commerce to the
subject, and exposing a wish tbAt they would do
what was right m the oremises,
Mr. HUNTINGTON s 'd similar memorials
hsd been referred to t! r Committee on Commerce.
The subject had cot been taken up by the
committee yet, for the reason that ihe Com-
mi'tec on Commerce, in the Hou-e, had re-
ported a bill tn consummate the object; which, no
doubt, would be passed, and, in the order of busi-
ness, repch ihe Committee of the Senate. Tho
committee would 'hen act upc<n the subject prompt-
ly. It was his individual opinion that the law
