CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269
TREASURY NOTES,
Mr. FILLMORE, from ihe same committee,
reported a bill authorizing the re-issue of treasury
notes, and for other purposes; which was twice
read, and referred to the Committee of the Whole
oh the state of the Union.
ASSUMPTION OP STATE DEBTS.
Mr. JOSEPH R. INGERSOLL, by direction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, called up the
motion to print 10,000 estra copies of the majority
and minority reporis of that committee, on the sub-
ject of an issue of two hundred millions of Govern-
ment stocks to be given to the States.
Mr. ADAMS hoped that the printing of these
reports would not be ordered. He did not think
that it was properly made, for the reason that a
short time before, a number ot memorials, together
with a resolution of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson,] on the same subject,
was referred to a Select Committee; the Gommutte
of Ways and Means, therefore, in reporting as
they did, without waiting for the action of the Se-
lect Committee, acted with unnecessary haste and
precipitation, and they seemed to him to have run
a race of popularity for the purpose of throwing
odium on that proposition. He meant to impeach
the motives of no member of the House—far less
of the Committee of Ways and Means; but, in a
parliamentary point of view, it was neither respect-
ful -to the House, nor to the gentleman from
Maryland, for the committee to make their report
with so much precipitation.
Mr. PICKENS would respectfully ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if the memorials on
this subject (or, at least, a number of them) had not
been presented by him, and refeired on his motion
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ADAMS was usable to answer the question
of the gentleman; aud he would tell hire, or rather
tell the House, the reason why. He had, it was
true, received a number of these memorials, and
for that reason he had felt himself called on to take
part in this discussion, which otherwise he would
not have done. The gentleman from South Caro-
lina was perfectly aware of a rule of the Home,
which denied him the privilege of offering petitions
as he received them; that, instead of the ancient
rule, by which particular dajs were assigned for
the reception of peiitions, they now had the gsg-
rule—the 21st rule—that odious and detessablc rule
by which the people of the United States were de-
prived of the right of having their peiitions present-
ed in open day, and compelled to have them re-
ferred secretly, and subject to a decision at the
Clerk's table whether they shall be received or
not. That was the reason why he did not know
whether the memorials presented by him had been
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means or
not. He was compelled here, by the rules, not to
offer to the Houte memorials that had been sent
to him, but to present ihem at the Clerk's table, and
to leave it to the discretion of the Speaker to de-
cide whether they shall be received or not, and to
say to what committee they shall be referred. He
mentioned this, to show that the gentleman from
South Carolina need not make so much of the fact,
that memorials presented by him on this subject
had been referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
He believed that an unusual motive had oper-
ated with the Committee of Ways and Means in
making their report in such a hurry, and that, in
making these report?, the majority and minority
(for there were two of them) had run a race of pop-
ularity to cry down and make odious before the
people of the United States ths project of the gen-
tleman from Maryland, to which—let gentlemen of
both sides, Whig oi Locofoco, do what they will—
they must, in time, come. Let them now say what
they please, "to that complexion they must come
at last." What was it but, in substance, a proposi-
tion that the General Government of this country
shall come to the aid of the States of the Union,
who, for laudable purposes, and for objects of gen-
eral utility to ihe country, have involved themselves
in debt from which they cannot relieve themselves,
and therefore come to the Government of this na-
tion, to assist them in discharging those duties
which belonged to honor and morality, viz: to pay
their debts?
It was far from him to impute any improper
motives to she Committee of Ways and Means;
but he said, when he heard these reports read—of
the majority and minority—that they had not con-
sidered, by any means, the extent and importance
of the proposition of the gentleman from Mary-
land. Though the Speaker had dona him the honor
to place him on the select committee raised on that
subject,,, he did act mean to be understood as
committing himself to support it. He did not
mean to make himself responsible for it. But he
did, in behalf of the honor of the nation, demand
of its Representatives that the proposition shall be
fully, fairly, and impartially considered; and not
set aside in this way by a side blow from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. He had said that,
however lightly either party in this House, Whig
or Locofoco, Northern or Southern, might treat
this proposition, they would have to come to a very
serious consideration of its objecls and its purposes
before they could decide against it. It was a mar-
vellous thing to htm—a surprising thing—that the
Whigs of that House, and the Whig party, should
feel such extreme anxieiy not to have the imputa-
tion fixed on them that they favored the project of
the gentleman from Maryland. They might think,
because the Locofocos were now in such a
flow of victory, that they mi ht be subject to the
charge of treason, and le be tried under the second
sicnon, if they were suspected of favoring this
project for relieving the Slates who were involved
in debt. It seemed to him, so fearful was the
committee of having such an imputation fixed on
them, th'at they ran a race in making iheir report.
The Whigs who made it, seemed to think that their
salvation depended upon their protesting that they
never, never would consent to give any aid to thv
States involved m the burden of debt. Sums of
the States, it seemed, had refused to acknowledge
their debts at all; and they had had declarations
from one of them—thi State of Mississippi—that
the people of ihat State would socner endure war
than pay their deb's.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON wished to correct
the gentleman. The State of Mississippi never
had refused, and never would refuse, to pay her
debts.
Mr. ADAMS said be would refer the gentleman
to the letter of Governor McNutt, m which that
declaration was made.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he wished dis-
tinctly to declare that the State of Mississippi had
never refuted to pay her debts; but that she had
refused 10 acknowledge as a debt, a claim made on
her by anau'horized persons.
Mr. ADAMS said, there was the letter from Go'--.
McNot': the gentiriaan migh' sen i f< i it.
Mr. THOMPSON said ihat the gentleman might
*end for it himself. And he would ad !, ihat the
letter of the Governor, which the gentleman spoke
of, was a private, and not an official letter. The
State of Mississippi only acted by her Legislature,
with the approval of the Governor, and not by the
Governor alone.
Mr. PICKENS rose to a question of order.
This was a question of printing; and if this exten-
sive Seld of debate was to be opened, there was
no Jmowing where it would end.
The SPEAKER stated to the gentleman from
South Carolina that the question of printing opened
the whole merits of the case.
Mr. ADAMS continued. He would «have the
letter of Governor McNutt here, and he hoped (he
gentleman from Mississippi would read it for his
own character's sake, fcr Governor McNutt said
that the two Representatives from Mississippi con-
curred with him in saying that they would raiher
go to war than pay the debt, He wished to know
if the gentleman concurred with the Governor.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON said he wc uld in-
form the gentleman that he did concur with the
Governor, in preferring to go to war to paying
a claim that his State) had never acknowledged to
be a debt. Neither he nor his State had ever re-
fused to pay a debt that was due by the State. Let
the geatleman produce the letter itself.
Mr. ADAMS said, there was the letter he re-
ferred to; and in it the Governor expressly said
that his State would rather go to war than pay a
debt. He did not intend to enter is to the question
whether the State of Mississippi had been de-
frauded by i's own agents or officers. He did not
intend to enter into that question at all. He now
desired the Clerk to read the letter of Governor
McNutt, as the gentleman was so exceedingly
anxious to have it produced.
Ttie letter of Governor McNutt was then read.
It was a private letter, written to a genileman in
Richmond, and published in one of the Richmond
papers.
Mr. ADAMS lesumed, and said, on that the
Hou>e could determine. He did not intend to en-
ter into the metaphysical question whether the Slate
of Mississippi was or was not bound to pay its
bonds. By his letter, Governor McNutt presup-
posed that war would come from abroad," in con-
sequence of the refusal of the State of Mississippi
to pay them; and he preferred to go to war, rather
than pay those bonds. Now he (Mr. A.) would
inquite of this House if the foresight of the Gov-
ernor of Mississippi should prove true—if the
Governments ot those subjects, who have suffered
in their property by their trust and confidence in
the punctuality of the State of Mississippi, should
come here and demand that this Government
should settle those demands—what would Mr.
President Tyler and his Secretary answer? He
(Mr. A ) thought they would have applications of
that sort, and he would presume that the President
would aot an-wer them; but not answering a de-
mand between sovereign States, was not getting
rid of that demand. This Government would
have—and this House would have, they might
take his word for it—applica'ions that would re-
quire answering at some time or oiher, to that ef-
fect. Now he would suppose the case that the
Government of Holland, or the Government of
Gieat Britain—whose subjects were suffering under
the s-cruples of the Government of the State of
Mississippi, whether that Stale was or was not
bound to pay those deb's,—he would sup.
pojc that those subjects called upon their Gov-
ernments, saying that the people of those
Siates had received their money—that they
had promi.cd repayment, and that they had re-
fused to pay, and then those subjects called upon
their Government to interfere; those Governments
would say, This is one tf the States of your Union,
and you are bound to pay their debis. Suppose,
then, the President and the Secretary of State did not
choose to answer; and suppose one or both of those ^
Governments should declare war against the State
or Mississippi, and should send their steamers up
to Na'chtz, if they could get there: would the re-
fusal of the State of Mississippi to pay her bonds
prevent this Government beirg called upon to as-
sist her? They are invaded—martial law is de-
clared—and he thought they would hear some-
thing about the obligation of th s Union to stand
by its members m case of war and invasion and
the declaration of martial law. Governor Mc-
Nutt fort-saw this state of things, but he did not
care to avoid it. Now, if they would not pay
their debts, the Paixhan guns of those foreign Gov-
ernments might go there, perhaps; and on the
question whether the State of Mississippi
was strictly bound to meet her obligations, there
would be another modeof reasoning applied. And,
in that case, what would this Government do?
Would they abandon one of the States of this
Union to the ha&ds of the enemy? Or would they
feel compelled to pay the bonds, for which such
State had been willing to go to war? Twenty-one
millions' of dollars had ju>t been exacted from
China, in addition to a sum before exacted, as the
n^ment of a debt of not a dissimilar character,
expose, then, the State of Mississippi required
not only to pay the amount of her bonds, but twen-
ty-one millions of dollars to defray the expenses of
those Paixhan guns, which should reduce her to
Ihe n cessity of subscribing to anything—what
would this Government do? Was it prepared to
stand by, and say "It is nothing to us? This is
a question between the State oi Mississippi and
foreign Governments; and it is nothing to us. We
cannot interfere; we must be neutrai between these
