$70
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
foreign powers and the people of the State of Mis-
sissippi." Would that be their answet? And he
would again say, the question would come up in
that form; and this Government must do something
not only to relieve the State of Mississippi, but
other States also, which had come to the same de-
termination. He did not say that one of those
States, as he understood, intended to make a formal
and explicit declaration of war; but they adopted
measures of the same kind, which would lead to
the same ex'reme.
The event which he had now supposed—and
supposed because it was suggested by the Chief
Magistrate of the State of Mississippi, who had
come to that conclusion—he would now say, was
not only possible, but highly probable, if the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means—majority and minor-
ity—continued the policy which they had indicated.
He (Mr; A.) might be asleep with his fathers be-
fore it came, but come it would; and he called
upon this House—he called upon every State of
this Union to look at it in the face, and to consider
well the decision to which they should come, and
in what manner this country could avoid war if
the States were not relieved from their debts—debts
in the most part contracted for laudable purposes
—debts, the contracting of which, and the uses of
the money expended in iheir accumulation, were
of national importance and usefulness. They
were of importance in a pecuniary point of view.
Speaking of thera generally, these debts had been
contracted—though there might be some excep-
tions—for internal improvement* of the country
which ihis Government had imposed upon the
State Legislatures, by refusing to undertake them
itself, as he believed their constitutional duty re-
quired should be done. Tbeteiore, on every prin-
ciple—on the principle of morality, on the princi-
ple of sound policy, on the principle of expediency
—this Government, and this Congreiss, were bound
to consider seriously in what manner ihis Congress
could come to the aid of those States, without in-
curring the dangers and the horrors of war, for
the purpose of sustaining the States of this Union
in the principle, both unjust and immoral, of refu-
sal to pay their debts.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired if the morning
hour had not expired.
The SPEAKER said it had not. He then claim-
ed the privilege of responding to some remarks
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, by which
an imputation was cast upon him for the manner
in which he had exercised the powers wh ch the
House bad vested in him.
Mr. ADAMS explained, and disclaimed any in.
tsntion to make any imputation on the Speaker,
but on the necessity which required such a rule.
Mr. GWIN wai about to address the House, but
as the morning hour was nearly expired,
Mr. J. THOMPSON hoped that, by general con-
sent, his colleague would t,e allowed to procend. If,
however, objection were made, he should move
a suspension of the rules.
The SPEAKER intimated that the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Gwin] would be entitled to
the floor daring the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said as the gentleman had
only four or five minutes remaining of the morning
hour, he hoped that gentleman would defer his re-
marks until to-morrow; for he (Mr. U.) should in-
sist on the special order being taken up.
Mr. J. R. INGER50LL rs.d, so far from this
being an attack on the State of Mississippi,.he
considered the mam attack cf the gentleman from
Massachusetts—an attack cruelly made—to be on
him; and against the committee of which he was
a very humble membei; an attack which, if the
Speaker would permit him to say so, was an im-
putation of motive, which it wa? the duty of tJfe
Speaker to have stopped. What right had tlre
gentleman frcn Massachusetts to impute a motive
to him,or to any member of that committee.
The SPEAKER interposed, and, after a few
words, the tioor was yelded to
Mr. GWIN observed that an evident error had
occurred in printing the letter, just read, from
Governor McNutt, in which he is made to say that
"at the risk of my life ar d political aspirations, I
prevented the sale of 10i of bonds authorized to
be given by Gain to the Union Bank." No person
of that name had any agency in the delivery al-
luded to, and it was no doubt a misprint.
Sir, (said Mr. G.) the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts seems to have a great dread of the appear-
ance of steamships of Great Britain in the waters
of the Mississippi. Had the gentleman always
been as tenacious to prevent their appearance in
these waters as he seems to be at present? If he
was not mistaken, a question of adjourned veracity
existed between the gentleman from Massachusetts
and another distinguished citizen of this country,
(Mr. Clay,) on the charge that the former, at the
treaty of Ghent, was willing to surrender the free
navigation of the Mississippi to the British nation.
He would like to hear the gentleman clear up that
charge before he appeared as the especial cham-
pion for protecting the waters of the Mississippi
from being navigated by British war steamers,
especially when this protection was to be brought
about by the assumption of the debts of the States,
to avoid a war with Great Britain.
He (Mr. G ) felt degraded to hear a Representa-
tive of the American people on this floor hold up
the history of the war in China as a warning to
this nation to avoid a war with Great Britain, lest
we should, in like manner, be compelled to buy
peace, as did that nation, by the payment of twenty-
one millions of dollars. These States, which had
successfully waged two wars with that powerful
nation, and brought both to an honorable termina-
tion, when in the infancy of their power, sre now,
in full manhood, to be threatened with the danger
of buying a dishonorable peace, if from any caure
theie should be a collision between the two na-
tions. It was a .source of humiliation to him to
hear such remarks from any quarter, and espe-
cially from a Representative on this floor.
He (Mr. G.) was not disposed to enter into the
question of the validity of the bonds issued for the
Mi.sissippi Union Bank, and the liability cf the
State to pay those bonds; but the question appeared
to be so completely misunderstood and misrepre-
sent, both here and elsewhere, that he would
avail himself of this occasion to state the position
which the majority of the people of the State oc-
cupy on that question. The question was simply,
Shall the State assume a debt contracted in viola-
tion of its constitution and laws? for he contended
that these bonds were issued in violation of the
constitution, and sold by the agents of the bank
in v'ola'ion of the law, (unconstitutional as it was,)
upon the basis of which they were issued.
The SPEAKER announced to the gentleman
ftom Mississippi that the morning hour had ex-
pired.
Mr. GWIN said he should like to have a little
more time. [Cries of "Go on."]
Mr. J. THOMPSON moved that the rules of
the House be suspended for one hour. [Cries of
"No, no."] He hoped, then, that-his colleague
would be allowed to go on by general consent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he was afraid it would
lead to a general discussion, or he would willingly
consent.
Mr. WISE. That is what we desire.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I know jou do, but it
would obstruct the District business.
Mr. THOMPSON then again moved that the
rules be suspended for one hour. •
Mr. BARNARD objected, on the ground that the
gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Underwood]
having called for the orders of the day, it was not
competent'"to the gentleman from Mississippi to
make another motion, until a pending one was dis^
pos-d of.
Mr. THOMPSON proposed ^to modify his
motion, if it would obviate objection, so as to sus-
pend the rules for half an hour.
Mr. WISE. I will not vote for that.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON inquired if the gentle-
man from Mississippi would not have the floor
to-morrow morning?
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative, and
the subject went over.
BUSINESS OP THE DISTRICT OF COLUM-
BIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then offered a resolution to
take the businees of the District of Columbia out
of committee at half-past 2 o'clock.
The SPEAKER said that it could only be re-
ceived by general consent.
On motion by Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
resolved itself into Committee of the Whole (Mr.
Ward of New York in the chair) and resumed
the consideration of the bill providing for the lu-
natic asylum in the District of Columbia. Tbis
bill was (iiscussed by Messrs. MALLORY, UN-
DERWOOD, RANDALL, WISE, STEENROD,
ALLEN, JOHN G. FLOYD, CAVE JOHNSON,
BRIGGS, HOPKINS, WISE, W. SMITH, and
others; and it was then laid aside to be reported to
the House.
The committee next took up a bill providing for
the speedy administration of justice in the District
of Columbia, and for other purposes.
After debate, the bill was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
The committee then took up the bill to abolish
imprisonment for debt in the District of Columbia,
except in cases of fraud, and for other purposes;
and after some discussion, it was laid aside to be
reported to the House.
The committee next took up a bill to provide for
the completion of the Potomac bridge; which was
laid aside to be reported to the House.
The committee next took up a bill respecting
suits at law in the District of Columbia, and to
diminish the costs thereof, and for other purposes.
Mr. GIDDINGS offered an amendment, pro-
viding that, when any persons shall be arrested as
fugitive slaves, costs shall not be taxed against
them; but that the person arresting them shall pay
the costs, if he fails to prove that he is a slave.
After some remarks against the bill from Mr.
WISE, and a reply by Mr. RANDALL,
Mr. WISE moved to postpone its farther con-
sideration, and take up some other bill. He was
not prepared now to debate the amendment of the
gentleman irora Ohio, [Mr. Giddings;] but if it
was considered, the debate would last to the end of
the session.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the commit-
tee rise; which motion was carried, and the com-
mittee rose.
A message was received from the Senate, re-
turning the. army appropriation bill, with sundry
amendments; and,
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The House then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 11, 1843.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON presented the proceed-
ings of a military convention held at Albany, in
the State of New York, on the 25.h of January,
1843, in which various resolutions had been adopt-
ed for re-organizing and classifying the militia of
that State, and recommending a re-organization
and classification of the militia of the United States;
the abolition of the Military Academy at West
Point; and an amendment of the act of Congress
of 1808, providirg for the distribution of arms
among the militia.
He said he was gratified to see such a movement
coming from the great State of New York, and
particularly from that portion of her citizens in-
truded with the c immand of her militia, who
were the constitutional defenders of the country,
and in whose hands the liberties of the country
would ever be safe. That he had expressed sim-
ilar views ten years ago upon this fl.sor, as to the
abolition of the Military Academy—that it was"aris-
tocratie and anti-republican" in all its tendencies,
and should be abolished. He therefore moved a
reference of so much of the proceedings as related
to the abolition of the academy to the Committee
on Military Affairs, with the following instruc-
tions:
1. To inquire into the expediency of abolishing
the academy.
2. To inquire into the expediency of apply-
ing the money now expended on it "to the diffu-
sion of military instruction in the different States."
