CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
271
3. To inquire iato th& best mode of accomplish-
ing the object
He was sure that those recommendations, com-
ing from such a high source, would entitle them to
the serious and favorable consideration of the
committee.
He also moved a reference, to the same com-
mittee, of so much of the proceedings as related
to arming the militia, with the following instruc-
tions:
To inquire into the propriety of amending the
act of 1808, so as to make the distribution cf arms
among the States in proportion to their representa-
tion in Congress. So much of said proceedings as
relates to the organization and classification of the
militia, he moved a reference to the Committee on
the Militia.
Mr. BR1GG3 of Massachusetts objected to the
instructions to the committee, and the resolutions
were referred without them.
Mr. POPS presented resolutions of the Gover-
nor and Legislature of Kentucky (as was under-
stood) on the subject of the improvement of the
Western waters; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS presented a resolution
directing the Committee on Public Lands to in-
quire into the expediency of granting to the La
Grange and Memphis Railroad Company thiee
or four townships of public land, to enable them
to -complete their road. The resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD presented a preamble and reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Michigan, on the sub-
ject of the repayment of the fine imposed on Gene-
ral Jackson in 1815; and while moving that they
be printed, he took occasion to say that he entirely
dissented from the principles of the preamble and
resolutions. The motion was agreed to.
Mr. McKENNAN presented a memorial of 133
citizens of Monongahela city, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to take into consideration the plan of
Mr. Wm. Cost Johnson- for the relief of the
States. He stated that it was signed by gentle-
men of all parties. The memorial was referred
to the Select Committee on that subject.
Mr. BBONSON moved that the Home take up
bill No. 740, entitled "A bill to authorize an in-
vestigation of late frauds under the pre-emption
laws, and for other pui poses.
After a few words from Mr. B.,
The bill was taken up, and amended, on 'he mo-
tion of Mr. OWSLEY, by the introduction of a
claure to abolish the office of secretary to sign
land patents, (now held by Mr. Robert Tyler,) and
requiring the Register of the Land Office to per-
form those duties.
Mr. TRIPLETT moved that the bill for the re-
lief of Henry M. Shreve, and to authorize the
purchase of his patent for a snag-boat, with the re-
port of the committee thereon, be recommitted.
Mr. CROSS said he did not object to the motion
submitted by the gentleman from Kentucky, but
hoped it would prevail. The select committee had
carefully investigated the subject of Mr. Shreve's
petition, and accompanying evidence. Upon that
investigation, they entertained no doubt as to the
invention of the snag-boat by the petiiioner. He
had not only been so regarded for the last ten or
twelve years, in the Western country, but, four
years since, had actually obtained a patent-right
for the invention. Recently,^ it had been alleged
that another person communicated to the War De-
partment, as far back as July, 1824, a plan similar
in eveiy respect to that upon which the snag-boat
had been constructed. If so, the patent to Mr.
Sbreve, it would appear, had been improperly
awarded. The b;at had been used with efficiency
for many years, under the superin'enctence of the
petitioner; and its utility, as well as indi>pensa-
ble necessity, in removing obstructions to the navi-
gation of the Western rivers, was conceded by all
having any knowledge of ihe subject. The bill
reported by the select committee, be was *ure, un-
the circumstances, could not be carried; and, as
speedy and final action was material to the cause
of justice and the public inteiest, he hoped there
would be no objection to the motion. It was
through the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Trip-
lett] that his attention had been called to the sub-
ject, a few days since. Until then, he had no
knowledge, nor had the select committee, that any
person other than the petitioner claimed to be the
inventor cf the snag-boat. Sheer justice required
that the matter should be carefully investigated.
The bill was then recommitted.
Mr.'BURKE withdrew from the files the papers
in the case of Francis Cobb, which he presented
at the last session.
Mr. CASEY presented tesolutions of the Stute
of Illinois, m favor of the bill of Mr. Linn, of the
United Slates Senate, for the occupation of the
Oregon Territory.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS presented a communica-
tion from Mr. R. D. Dawson, in relation to the
northern boundary of Missouri; which was or-
dered to be i rinted.
By general consent, the bill in relation to the ex-
emplification of records of land patents, and other
evidences of title, and amendatory of the act en-
titled "An act to reorganize the General Land Of-
fice," was taken up, ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. GENTRY, in pursuance of notice previous-
ly given, introduced a bill to amend the act entitled
"An act for the relief of George Maytield," passed
July 27, 1842. It was read three several times,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the Senate bill for
the occupation of Oregon Territory was ordered to
be printed.
NEW YORK CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved to discharge the Commit-
tee of Ihe Whole from the further consideration of
the bill introduced by him, to reduce the number
and compensation of the officers employed in the
Npw York custom house.
Mr. GUSHING. Is the motion in ordei?
The SPEAKER aid it was not.
Mr. G. DAVIS (hen moved a suspension of the
rules, in order to enable him to submit the motion.
The House agreed to suspend the rules—ayes
115, noes 28.
Mr. CUSHING rose to a question of order.
He contended that it w.mld be contrary to the
rules to discharge the Committee of the Whole
from the consideration of a bill which had never
been discusscd in committee.
The SPEAKER decided that; as the bill con-
tained no appropriation, its consideration by the
Committee of the Whole was not necessary.
Mr. G. DAVIS then submitted his motion to
discharge the Committee of ihe Whole from the
further consideration of the bill: which wa: agreed
to.
The bill was read.
Mr. G. DAVIS called for the previous question
on the engrossment of the bill; and th-ru was a
second.
The engrossment wa-f ordered; .and the bill, hav-
ing been re?d a third time, was paised without a
division.
A ^consideration was moved, and rejected by
the House.
THE STATE DEBTS.
The House resumed the consideration of the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
J. R. Ingersoll,] to print 10,000 extra copies of
the majority and minority reports upon the assump-
tion of the State debts.
Mr. GWIN—being entitled to the floor fiom
the morning hour of Fiiday—continued hi. re-
marks in reply to Mr. Adams. He said thst, at
ihe expiration of the morning hour of yesterday, he
was staung the grounds assumed by a majo iiy of
the people of ?iissiv>ippi, in refusing to acknowl-
edge ihe bonds issued in the name of the Sta'e for
the Mi.iissippi Union Bank, as the debt of the
S;.Ve. In order to a proper understanding of the
question, it was necessary to give a short history of
it, fs it had arisen in the State of Missi-sippi. As
this had bnen done with sieat eoncivnes-. and
clearness by his colleague, [Mr. Thompson,] in a
letter extensively circulated in 1841, he wouli
ask the Clerk to read that part of it he had
marked.
The Clerk then read from the letter of Mr.
Thcmpsost the clause in the constitution of the
State of Mississippi prohibiting the pledging the
faith of the State, except under certain restrictions.
Also, a history of the Mississippi Union Bank; the
passage of the first charter; the passage of the
unconstitutional supplement, by authority of which
the bonds were issued; and the sale of the bonds, as
follows:
The constitution provides that "No law'shall ever be I
to raise a loan of money upon the credit of the State, or to
pledge the faith of the State for the payment or redemptlbn of
any Foan or debt, unless such lam be pi oposed in the Senate or
House of Representatives, and be agreed to hj? a majorityof the
members of each House, and entered on their journals, with the
yeas and nays taken thereon, and be referred to the next suc-
ceeding Legislature, and published for three months previous to
the next regular election, in three newspapers of this State; ana
unless a majority of each branch of the Legislature so elected
after such publication shall agree to and pass such law; and, m
such case, the yeas and nays shall be taken and entered on the
journals of each House." . 
This wise provision of our constitution is peculiar to our
State: and, amidst the general pecuniary embarrassments
which now press so heavily upon the energies of several of our
sister States, arising from imprudent and hasty legislation, and
from an unadvised pawning of that brightest jewel of the State—
herfaifk—for the purpose of raising money to be used by the
few to the prejudice of the many, every Mississinpian should
ieel grateful to the framers of our constitution for their pru-
dence and forecast in thus guai ding our honor and our proper-
ty, by restraining from tampenng with our faith or credit as a
State, a Legislature whose course of conduct has evidently pro-
ceeded from impulse, rather than wise and deliberate councils.
But it would'be a mockery of constitutional governments to say
to their agents, "thus far shalt thou go, and no farther," and
yet Q.UIETLY SANCTION EVERY INFRACTION OP RESERVED
At the January session of 1837, the Legislature of our State
passed an act entitled "An act to incorporate the subscribers to
the Mississippi Union Bank," in which you must mark the fact
that no provision is made that the State of Mississippi shall be
a subscriber for stock. But, on the contrary, section 4 of the
law says "that the owners of real estate situated m the state of
Mississippi, and who are citizens thereof, shall be the only per-
sons entitled to subscribe." This law provides that the capital /
of the bank shall be §15,000,000; that the books of subscription
shall be kept open fo? six months, under the inspection often
manageis, to be chosen by ihe Legislature; that so soon as five
thousand shares shall have been subscribed, the Governor of
ths State shall appoint thirteen directors, to serve for twelve
months, who fchall take chai?e of the bank and the hooks of
subscription- that after the books are closed, the bank may go
into immediate operation, whenever it shall appear that at least
$500,000 shall have been subscubed and paid in; that those de-
clared stockholders by the directors shall pay into the bank the
sum ol ten dollars upon each and eveiy share subscribed; that
the stockholders shall give their bonds to the bank for the
amount of stock allowed to each, and shall also execute roort*
ga°"es upon real estate, with the privilege of including one-
fourth of the amount on slaves, to secure the payment of their
stock bonds—(thus, not only the property mortgaged, but the
whole estate of the stockholder would have been bound for the
redemption of the stock,"> and that both the principal and inter-
est of the bank bonds were to be paid by the bank as they sev-
erally fell due. Then it is further provided, that the State shall
pledge its faith for the redemption of the capital stock; or, in
other words, shall become the security of the subscribers for
stock, upon being allowed ten per cent, of the profits of the
bank,tthe appointment of five of the thirteen directors, and a
standing accommodation loan of $200,000; and the 30th section
requires the Governoi to execute to the said bank, from time to
time, bonds in amount proportioned to the sums subscribed and
secured to the satisfaction of the directors until the whole
amount of bonds shall be furnished. In this charter you will
at once porccive no risk, no hazard of taxation whatever.
This act was published—not the length of time required by
the constitution, u is tiuc; but still, it was published; and it is
unworthy of this gieat question to dwell on quibbles. At a suc-
ceeding Legislature, which met in January, 1833, the same law
came up for re-enactment. While it was still pending, and be 
fore another vote was taken upon it, a joint committee of the
Senate and House of Representatives—a committee of the
greatest weight and highest responsibility that can at any time
be raised—was appointed, and instructed to "examine whether
the said bill can be amended; and if so, whether it be practica-
ble to change it into a State bank exclusively." From the
unanimous report of that committee, permit me to draw your
attention to the following extiacts: 6
"But as to that portion of the said charter which relates to
the subscribers or stockholders to the said institution being the
primary condition on which the faiih of the State is to be
pledged, and as such constitutes ajUal part cf it, we have no
power tn change the same, unless it should be again submitted
to the people for their sanction, which would have the tendency
to postpone, lor at least two years, its consummation. This
course your committee believe would bo directly at war with
the wishes of our constituents,"
This report was received, and unanimously adopted by the
Legislature. At that time, wl.lie the charter is still pending,
and open, of course, to all amendments admissible under the
constitution, it k the unanimous opinion that the vital parts of
the bill cannot be changed without a i c submission of the char-
ter to the people; consequently, the ordinal charter becomes a
law on the 5th day of Fcbrne.iy, 1838, without change or alter-
ation. Without calling in question ihe constitutionality of this
chanei, f mighr stop, and triumphantly ask, Has a single bond
of the State been issued and sold under this charted If so,
who were the directors appointed by the Governor to manage
the bank? Who were the subscribers for stock? Had the
books of subscription been kept open six months'.' How many
stockholders had paid ten dollars upon each and every share
subscribed? How many bonds for stock had been given and
secured by satisfactory mortgage? Not one of these things had
been done at the time the bonds in question were issued and
sold; and the purchaser must have known it,
But here follows the explanation: Ten days after tha pass-
age of the foregoing charter, the same Legislature that deter-
mined by unanimous vote that the charter could not be amead*
