CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27 6
the -memorial be referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and be printed. Agreed to.
Mr. GRAHAM presented joint resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of North Carolina, declara-
tory of the right of that body to instruct the Sena-
tors from that State in the Congress of the United
States; denying the right of Congress to tax or to give
protection to any particular interest; declaring that
the tariff law passed at the last session of Congress
was unjust, unequal, oppressively burdensome on
all other branches^ of industry, for the purpose
of giving protection to the manufacturing
interest, and, as such, was unconstitutional,
and dangerous to public liberty; and recommending
that it be modified and brought down to
a revenue standard; and resolutions disapproving
of the bankrupt law; in favor of refunding to
General Jackson the fine imposed on him at New
Orleans in 1815; and affirming that the veto power,
in the bands of the Executive, was a conservative
and necessary power, and should not be destroyed;
and instructing the Senators, and requesting the
Representatives from that State, to urge the adop-
tion of the principles of tho?e resolutions." The
resolutions were read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. G. also presented a petition from Samuel
Mabron, late a captain in the United States army,
praying for a pension: referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from cer-
tain citizens o£ Maine, asking that the fishing and
lumber interests may be protected by the laying
of a higher rate of duties lhan was imposed by the
existing tariff: referred to the Commitiee on Man-
ufactures.
Mr. STURGEON presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in-
structing the Senators, and requesting the Repre-
sentatives from that State, to u.se their influence to
procure the passage of a law to sefumi to General
Jackson the fine imposed on him by Judge Hall
of New Orleans, in 1815. Mr. S. expressed much
gratification at ths action of the Legislature of his
State upon this subject. The resolutions were read,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHOATE piesenteda memoiial from the
Boston Marine Stciety, praying the adoption of
measures for preventing further injury to the har-
bor of Boston from the washings of the inlands in
the mouth of ihat harbor: referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial from A. B.
duinby, on the subject of his invention for the pre-
vention of explosion of steam-boilers, and praying
that the experiments authorized to test the inven-
tions for that object may be made at Washington,
instead of New York: referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of merchants of Philadelphia engaged in
the importation of goods from Germany, praying
that, whilst Congress is fixing the currency value of
the British pound sterling, they will at ibe
same time establish by law the current value of
German coin on the same principles: referred to
the Commitiee on Finance.
Mr. B, also presented a memorial from West-
ern Pennsylvan'a, representing (and there was no
doubt of the fact) that Pesnsylvania was much
embarrassed by her exertions in the cause of in-
ternal improvements; and, for the purpose of re-
lieving her, recemmending an issue of stock by
the United Slates, based on the credit of the public
lands, and secured by the faith of tse United States.
Also, a memorial from Pennsylvania generally,
and one from citizens residing in Chester county in
that Siafe, recommending the issue of $200,000,-
000 of stock by the United States, for the relief of
the States; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Also, presented a memcripl from citizens of the
city and county of Philadelphia, asking that Mr.
Kendall may be restored to his personal liberty,
and that he may be also remunerated for the loss
of time and expenses incurred in defending him-
self against the suit which terminated in a verdict
for damage?, in his individual capacity, for a
faithful discharge of his official duttes as Postmas-
ter General: referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial from a num-
ber of citizens residing on the line of the Cumber-
land road, ia Ohio, remonstrating against the pro-
posed change in the route of that road: referied to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, presented a petition from Eliza Rose, widow
of Jacob Rose, a soldier of the Revolution, for a
pension: referred to the Commitiee on Revolution-
ary Pensions.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from Wil-
liam Williams, captain in the revolutionary army
of the United States, for commutation: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memorial from Mont-
pelier, Jefferson county, Ohio, praying for the re-
peal of the bankrupt law; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from 283 citi-
zens of Lake county, Illinois, and Racine county,
Wisconsin Territory, praying the establishment of
a mail route from Libertynlle, in Lake county, Il-
linois, by way of F. F. Mnnson's and D. C. Bur- *
gess's, to Burlington, in Racine county, Wisconsin
Territory; which, together with the accompanying
diagram, and the letter of W. F. Shepard, E. J.
Simmons, and F. Munson, was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition numerously
signed by inhabitants ot the town of Salem, in
Wayne county, New York, asking Congress to in-
terfere in the case of Mr. Kendall, and to restore
him to personal liberty: referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. KERR presented a memorial from citizens
of Prince George's county, Maryland, praying Con-
gress to purchase and make free one of the bridges
across the eastern branch of the Potomac: referred
to the Committee, on the District of Columbia.
Mr. KERR presented some additional evidence
in support of the claim of Charles Dawkin^.
Mr. MOREHEAD presented a memorial from
sachems and counsellors of the Stocltbridge tribe
of Indians, residing in Wisconsin, praying for in-
demnity for a large sum of money which was ex-
pended in endeavoring to protect their rights be-
fore the Government of the United Stales: referred
to the Judiciary Committee, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. McROBERTS presented a petition from
William Maxwell of Illinois, asking Congress to
pass a law directing a tract of land adjoining his
farm, belonging to the Uniied States, to be sold—
no survey ot it having been yet made: referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the Senate
the petition and papers of Charles Larabee for a
pension.
The PRESIDENT pro Urn. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Depattment,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of the 9th instant, copies of General Jack-
son's letter to that department, dated Nashville in
1815, and copies of papers transmitted by General
Jackson, signed by certain general officers, justi-
fying the declaration of martial law at New Or-
leans: laid on the table.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies one day on the table, under the
rule:
Resolved, That the President of the United Slates be re-
quested to communicate to the Senate a copy of the commission,
or letter nf instruction, which may have been given to
Daniel Webatei, e?q., Secretary of State, to treat with Lord
Ashburtnn, late special minister from Great Britain to the
United (States.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Commitiee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that they do pass, House bills
of the fallowing titles:
An act for the relief of George A. Winslow;
An act for the relief of Charles Waldron; and
An act for the relief of John R. Chandler.
Mr. DAYTON, from the Committee on Public
Buildings, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the hill
for the relief of John Skirving.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on the District
of Columbia, reported, without amendment, the
bill from the House entitled "An act to provide, in
certain cases, for the sale of the real estate of in-
fant? within the District of Columbia."
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported adversely to the passage of
House bill 672.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back, without amendment, and
adversely to its passage, House bill entitled "An act
for the relief of W. Barry, widow and administra-
trix of Thomas Barry." The report was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, reported back, without amendment, the
bill from the House for the relief of John Randolph
Clay, late secretary of legation of the United
States to the court of Vienna.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
took up, as in committee of the whole, the joint
resolution ^directing the transfer of the slock held
by the United States in the Chesapeake and Ohio
Canal, to the cities of Alexandria, Georgetown, and
Washington, on certain conditions.
Mr. MERRICK moved several verbal amend-
ments, which were agreed to.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate;
and, the amendments having been concurred in,
Mr. KING remarked that he had not had time
to examine the amendments which had been made
to the resolution. He desired, therefore, an oppor-
tunity to do so.
Mr. MERRICK said that opportunity would be
afforded after the resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed, if the Senator should find anything objec-
tionable in it.
The resolution was then reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAYTON introduced a bill authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of William N. ,
(name not heard;) which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. YOUNG rose and gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow, ask the Senate to postpone
all the previous orders of the day, for the purpose
of taking up the bankrupt law. He did this,
agreeably to the resolutions of the Legislature of
his S ate in favor of the repeal of that law. Sen-
ators would all agree that the session was rapidly
passing away; and if action was not had speedily
on the subject, the law could not be repealed at
all.
Mr. BERRIEN thought the Senate could hardly
proceed to the consideration of a bill of such mag-
nitude upon so short a notice. It was his pur-
pose to a-k the Senate te fix upon some day suffi-
ciently distant to enable gentlemen to come pre-
pared to entertain the subject calmly, considerately,
and understanding^.
Mr. YOUNG observed that great solicitude was
felt by many of the States, and by the community
at large, that the subject should be acted upon this
session. He hoped the Senator from Georgia
would now call upon the Senate to fix a day, or
name it himself.
Mr. BERRIEN said that, in the course of the
present day, or to-morrow, he -would call upon the
Senate to fix a day.
Mr YOUNG said he was content with the Sen-
ator's declaration to that effect.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked that he had in-
tended this morning to speak privately to the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] with a view of pointing out to him the
impatience felt throughout the country on the sub-
ject. There was not a day that he did not receive
letters of pressing inquiry—all anxious to have the
matter settle.d before it is too late to expect the
action of Congress this session. Could not the
Senator now name the day—Thursday, Friday, or
Saturday—or even Monday? Let a day be fix-
ed, and let the bill be disposed of. For his part, he did
not see why it might not be to-morrow, for he was
certain every one had made up his mind already.
Mr. BERRIEN would prefer the matter to be
left as agreed upon between himself and the Sen-
ator from Illinois. •
