CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
wift
meats of the question before the House. Vhat
was that question? A bill had passed tb>s H> use
for the purpose of paying to certain ci'izens' of the
United States a sum of money, lyitgtn the treasury,
to which they were justly entitled 1'bat bt'l having
been amended in the Senate, came back to the
House in the ordinary course of business; andhav-
ing, in like manner, been referred to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, it was reported back, as
amended, to the. House. Exception was then
raised to the bill by the gentleman from Ohio, who
took the ground, that whoever vottd for it would be
guilty of a violation of the Constitu inn, and of
servility in submitting to the dictation ot the South.
He denied the correctness of the ground thus as-
sumed by the gentleman from Ohio. If they went
behind the bill, what was the state of the case pre-
sented to them? Certain citizens of the United
States complained that injury had been done them
by a foreign Government. What happened next?
The Executive, under that complaint, proceeded
to do what had been done in all cases where
our citizens had complained of wrongs done
them by a foreign Government, and ordered the
minister of the United States at the court of
St. James to lay the complaint before that court,
and to demand redress. Upon receiving a state-
ment of the case from our minister, the British
Government admitted that our citizens had been
injured, and that they were entitled to redress; anil,
therefore, without the formality of a treaty, but
upon the admission of the manifest wrong that was
done, they paid the amount of indemnify into our
treasury. These were the incontestable facts of
the case. The British Government having thus
paid the indemnity into the treasury of the United
States, this bill proposed to divide it among the
claimants. Wow what did the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Giddings] propose? That we shall
throw thij money back to the British Government?
Did the gentleman propose that this Government
should be guilty of a breach of trust, and embezzle
the money thus placed in its hands.? He assumed
that, if the United Slates completed the faithful ex-
ecution of the trust thus reposed in them, by pay-
ing this money over to the complainants, and for
which the Government is responsible in honor, that
it would be a fraud. Now he, (Mr. C.,) on the
contrary, contended that it would amount to a
fraud or embezzlement, if the Government refused
to pay it over. But the gentleman from Ohio said
that the original assertion of the claim for indemni-
ty was in violation of the Constitution; that the Ex-
ecutive had no right to make this claim on the
British Government, ami therefore the bill ought
not to pass. He denied the consequence. If the
British Government paid this money inio the treas-
ury of the United States, without having the power
to enforce the demand, still it was its duty to pay it
over to those entitled to it.
The objections of the gentleman from Oh'o to
this bill were two; and consisted, first, in the asser-
tion of that gentleman that there could be no prop-
erty of person in person by the laws of nature; that
those persons in the liberation of whom the injury
was committed, were not slaves, but freemen; and
that, therefore, money should not be paid for th.-m
Now, upon the question of property, the gentleman
was arguing not what was law—not what was mu-
nicipal law, or the laws of nat-ons; but what
should, in his abstract notions, be law. They had,
however, nothing to do with the gentleman's ab-
stract theories, but were dealing with fixed and es-
tablished laws, and their duties under them. Here
was the case of certain slaves set free by the pro-
vincial authorities of the island of New Providence;
for which the Government of the United Slates, in
behalf of its citizens, demanded wdemm y. What
did the British Government sav to that demand?
That Government was at the time an abolition
Government, ruled by an abolrion mimicry, wi h
an abolition Parliament, which had recently enacted
a law for ihe abolition of slavery in the British col-
onies. It would, thirefore, natuiaily have been
expected that the answer would have been in ac-
cordance with the views of the ger.tleman from
Ohio. The answer did not come from an snti-
abolition Government; it did not come from one
of our Southern States, where slavery is recog-
nised as a part of their institutions; but it came
from an abolition Government w.ith an abolition
ministry, and at the highest possible period of ab-
olition excitement. What was that answer? It
was, so far as the Comet and Encomium were
concerned, tbit the authorities of Nassau had
committed a violation, not only of munici-
pal law, bat of the laws of nations; and
mat they would treat the claimants to indem-
nity in the same way that they treated the
qwners of slaves in the island of New Providence
when they abolished slavery in it, viz: if the bond
between master and slave was to be abolished, the
consideration was to be paid by the Government.
Upon this principle, the money was pai,l over by
the Biitish Government toours. "There was a per-
fect answer to the argument of the gentleman from
Ohio. While they made this answer in relation to
the slaves that were liberated from the Encomium
and Comet, they came to a different decision in
regard to those slaves who were on board the En-
terprise. In the latter case, they dccided that, as
the act of Parliament emancipating the slaves in
the British islands was passed prior to the libera-
tion of the slaves in the vessel last named, they
would not pay for them.
He then proceeded to notice the tendency of the
arguments of the gentleman from Ohio, at some
length; and to protest and remonstrate against them,
as incompatible with the union of these States;
and concluded by stating that he should vote against
he reconsideration.
Mr. ARNOLD said this was not a proper time
to enter on this discussion; and he therefore moved
to lay the question of reconsideration on the table.
Mr. STANLY entreated the gentleman from
Tennessee to withdraw it, to permit him to make
a few observations; which being assented to, he
entered into some explanation.
Mr. WELLER also made an explanatory state-
ment, mainly in reply to an observation which had
been made by his colleague, [Mr. Giddings,] to the
effect, that he was cut oif from a defence of him-
self, when the resolutions of censure were passed
at the last session, by the previous question being
moved by, his colleague, (himself.) Now, he
(Mr. Weller) appealed to the recollection of the
House, whether he did not offer to withdraw the
motion for the previous question, if his colleague
would say that he wished to be heard in his de-
fence.
After a few words from Messrs. WISE,
ADAMS, GIDDINGS, ARNOLD, and BRIGGS,
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the ta-
ble, by a vote of yeas 140, to nays 38, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, L. W. Andrews, Arnold, Arrington,
Atherton, Aycugg, Babcock, Barnard, Barton, Deeson, Bidiack,
Black, Blair, Boaidman, Bolts, Bowno, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron
V. Brown, Milton Brown, Charles Blown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burke, William O. Butler, Green \V. Caldwell, Patrick C.
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Cary, Casey, Childs, John C. Clark, Clifford, Clin-
ton, Coles, Cranston, Crawford, Cuslnng, Daniel, Richard D.
Davis, Dawson, Dean, Deberry, Doan, Doig, Eastman, John
Edwards, John C. Edwards, Ferris, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
Chailes A. Floyd, Fornance, A. Lawrence Foster, Gamble,
Gentry, Gerry, William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Green,
Gusli no, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, itouck, Houston,
Ifimt, Charles J. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Jack, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac 1). Jones, Keim, John P. Ken-
nedy, Littlefield, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robert McCIel-
lan, McKay, McKeon, Mallory, -Marchiind, Alfred Marshall,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Medill, Meriwether, Miller,
Mitchell, Moore, Morris, Newhard, Oliver, Oshorne, Parmen-
ter, Partridge, Payne, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Profit!,
Rayner, Rencher, Reynolds, Riggs, Rodney, Rogers, Kanford,
Saunders, Sewell, Shepperd, William Smith, Snyder, Spugg,
Stanly, Steenrod, John T. Stuart, Sweney, Taliafeiro, Rich-
ard W. Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Toland, Tom Im^on, Trip-
lett, Turney, Underwood, Warren, Washington, Weller, West-
brook, Edward T) White, Joseph L. Williams, Wise, Wood,
and John Young—140.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, S. J. Andrews, Baker, Birdseye,
Briges, Brockway, Bionson, Burnell, Calhoun, Chittenden,
Staley N. Clarke, Cowen, Cravens, Fessenden, Giddmgs,
Granger,Hall,Halsted, Henry, Hudson, Linn, McKennan, *!at-
tocks, ftloigan, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Ritlaway, Wil-
liam Russell, James M. Russell, Plade, Truman Smith,
Stokely, Van Rensselaer, Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop,
and Augustus Young—38.
PERSONAL PRIVILEGE.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he rose to a privileged
question. He pre ceeded to slat's his grievance to
tiie House; but the first part of his remyrks were
irapeifectly heard, owing to ihe gathering of k,em-
bets in that part of the hall. He was understood
io say, that as he wa; standing in the ai^le this
morning, Mr. Dawson of Louisiana awe by him
and pushed him aside. Thereupon, he turned
round to Mr. Dawson, and asked him if be meant
to insult him; to which Mr. D. replied, "Yes, sir."
Now, he wished to raise the question, whether a
member was free to insult another for remarks
made in the House, in the exercise of his privileges
as a member and a freeman. He had no (ears
of his person, but the House might protect its ewn
dignity; and he kid ihe fact before it, for such «c-
lion as it might see fit to make.
The SPEAKER observed that he bad witnessed
no such occurrence as that related by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] or he should have
preserved the order of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he did not intend to cast
any reflection on the Speaker.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON rose and said he
wished the House and the country to take notice
that this matter was brought up here by the mem-
ber from Ohio, [Mr. Giddings,] in lite absence of
Gen. Dawson.
Several members: Let the matter drop.
Mr. CALHOUN rose and called for the read-
ing of that part of the manual, or rules appointed
for the government of the House, which related
to the personal privileges of members. He
wished gentlemen to Understand their rights on that
floor.
Mr. TURNEY rose to a question of order.
Mr. WISE said he would remark, in perfect
good temper, that he had no doubt the gentleman
from Louisiana [Mr. Dawson] was passing up the
aisle, when he found the geatleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] in his way. The aisles, as gentle,
men knew, were very narrow; and nothing was
more common than for members to gently push each
other aside, in order to pass along. But for the
fact that the gentleman from Ohio turned round to
the gentleman from Louisiana, and peremptorily
asked him whe'her he meant to insult him, he (Mr.
W.) had no doubt that nothing would have hap-
pened. He had no feeling whatever against the
gentleman from Ohio, and he did not believe that
there was a more gentlemanly raan in Ihe House
than the gentleman from Louisiana. Nobody
would have heaidof the occurrence between the
two gentlemen, had not the gentleman from Ohio
brought it to the notice of the House. He suggest-
ed to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cal-
houn] not to insist en his call for the reading of the
manual, and that the matter be permitted to pass
by in good feeling.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had no desire to occu-
py the time of the House. He disclaimed any
personal feeling or anxiety about the matter.
Mr. CALHOUN insisted on the reading of
the manual on the subject of the privilege of
members.
Mr. MOORE rose to make a statement of what
had occurred, according to his observation. His
colleague, when the occurrence related by the gen-
tleman from Ohio happened, was iu the best-possi-
ble humor, and, he was sure, intended ne insult in
pushing the gentleman from Ohio aside, in order to
past; along the narrow aisle.
Mr. MALLORY also stated to the House his
recollection of what occurred. The gentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Dawson] was coming down the
aisle. He (Mr. M.) saw the gentleman from Lou-
isiana touch the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] bu! not so as to move him. He was satis-
fied that the gentleman from Louisiana was going
along about, his business in a good humor, and
would not have made a rude reply to the gentleman
from Ohio, had not that gentleman extoried it from
him by his question.
Mr. WISE said the gentleman from Louisiana
gave the gern'eman from Ohio the gentlest push
imaginable.
Mr. ADAMS. I take it, Mr. Speaker, that it
was not an attempt to cut his throai from ear to ear.
Mr. GIDDINGS said he had no personal wishes
n ibis mailer. He would not ha.ve said what be
did, had not the gentleman froai Louisiana an-
swered that he intended to insult him.
Mr. WISE. But the gentleman from Louisiana
did not say so un^l the gentleman from Ohio ex-
torted the declaration from him.
Here the matter dropped.
