CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, said as much of
the day had been consumed, he desired that the
consideration of his resolution for the renewal of
the reciprocity treaties with foreign powers, which
had been made the order for to-day, should be
postponed until Wednesday,
The SPEAKER said it would require a vote of
two-thirds to postpone the special order.
Messrs. FILLMORE and GUSHING opposed
the motion.
^The House agreed to postpone—ayes 85, noes
Mr. WELLER then moved that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. His object was to have taken
up the bill to refund General Jackson's fine.
Mr. WISE said he wished the Hoase to go into
committee on the exchequer bill.
Mr. WELLER then modified his motion, so as
to make it a motion to go into committee gen-
erally.
The qaestion was taken by yeas and nays, and
the motion rejected—yeas 79, nays 98.
So the House refused to go into committee.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE.
The resolution offered sortie weeks ago by Mr,
Toland, calling on the Secretary of the Treas-
ury for copies of the correspondence in his office,
in relation to the removal of Jonathan Roberts from
the office of collector of the port of Philadelphia,
was taken up.
Mr. WELLER moved to lay it on the table. He
believed that this was the same Jonathan Roberts
who acquired such infamous notoriety by slander-
ing Mrs. Jackson.
Mr. WISE asked if it was in order now to mod-
ify the resolution. He would suggest to the gen-
tleman to modify it so as to call on the President
of the United States, who had the removing power,
and not on the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. WELLER expressed his willingness to
withdraw his motion to lay it on the table, if the
mover wished to modify it.
Mr. TOLAND replied to Mr. Wise, that the
documents he wished to obtain were on file in the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury, and there-
fore he could not modify the resolution.
Mr. WISE ihen said that the gentleman wotild
aot, perhaps, get all he wanted.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN asked his colleague
{Mr. TolandJ to extend his inquiry into the causes
of the removal of Calvin Blythe, the predecessor
of Jonathan Roberts. If the gentleman would do
that, he would vote for the resolution.
Mr. TOLAND declining,
The question was put on Mr. Weller's motion
to lay the whole subject on the table, and rejected
—yeas 77, nays 102.
A message was received from the President, by
the hands of Mr. Robert Tyler, his private secre-
tary.
Mr. WISE hoped that the House would consent
that the message should be now read. [Cries of
"No, no."J
The SPEAKER then put the question on sec-
onding ihe demand for the previous question on the
adoption of Mr. Toland'k lebokitiois; which was
•sustained by the Hou<se, and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN submitted the follow-
ing re-solution:
Whereas Calvin Blythe, esq . collector of tt-o port of Phila-
delphia—a faithful public officer, against whose private or
public character no charges are believed ever to have been
made—was removed to make a place foi Jonathan ItoberiN,
late collector: and whereas the sud Calvin lilythe wa=t a brave
soldier during the late war, and served Ins country, and was
wounded in her battle-fields; while Ihe sanl Jonathan Roberts
refused, when a member of the Senate of the United States a
vote of honor to Genera! Harrison for Ins services to his coun-
try, and has since distinguished himself by his calumniations
of the wife ef one of til,- biavest and most distinguished of
American heroes and statesmen: Thetelore,
llesolcpA, That the Secretary of the Treasury communicate
to this House the copies of all or any charges iliar may be on
file m his office a^atnst the said Calvin Blythe, as collector of
the pott of Philadelphia, or the names of those who petitioned
for his temoval.
Objection was made io the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr. ROOSEVELT moved a suspension of the
rules. " :
Mr. STANLY said if the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania would strike out the biographical sketch
which his resolution contained, he would vote for
it.
Mr. TOLAND said he was about to say the
same thing.
Mr. WISE m de similar observations.
Mr. C. BROWN accordingly modified his reso-
lution; and it was adopted without the recitals.
RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. GWIN submitted a substituts for Mr. Ar-
nold's bill No. 548; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. READ offered a resolution, which was un-
derstood to be in relation to the late tariff act; but
objection was made, and it was not read.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE said there was a bill on the
Clerk's table—the army appropriation bill—which
had come from the Senate with several amend-
ments made thereto; he therefore moved that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for Ihe purpose of acting
on these amendments.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. A. H. H.
Stuart took ihe chair.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the army bill be
taken up.
Mr. GUSHING moved that the exchequer bill
be taken up.
Mr. WELLER moved the committee ta&e up
the bill to refund the fine imposed on General
Jackson.
The motion of the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Fillmore] was agreed to.
The first two amendments of the Senate were
concurred in.
The third amendment was an item appropriating
$2,000 to continue the meteorological survey, un-
der the direction of the Surgeon General. This
item was stricken out of the original bill by the
committee of the House, and was reintroduced by
the Senate.
A conversation endued, in which Mr. CAVE
JOHNSON, Mr. SMITH of Virginia, Mr. TIL-
LINGHAST, Mr. McKENNAN, Mr. CHARLES
BROWN, and Mr. FILLMORE took part; in the
course of which it was stated that this appropria-
tion was to enable the Government to continue the
services of Mr. Espy, that the annual meleorologi-
cal surveys now made might be converted to some
useful purposes,
That the subject might be understood by the
House, Mr. FILLMORE called upon the Clerk to
read a letter from the Secretary of War, recom-
mending this appropriation.
Mr, SMITH of Virginia said he regarded this
appropriation bat as the commencement of a new
bureau-—a new department of this Government 
ihe bureau of stoirns. He pointed to the Patent
Offiee, which bed gradually increased, and which
would soon want the name and character of the
State Department for the Home Department. All
new department commenced in this manner, re-
quiring but a su.all sum at first, but gradually en-
larging, in an fiara-nt degree, the power of the
Executive. *
Mr. PICKENS rose 'o prevent a conclu.ion
from what he understood Mr. Fillmore to say—
that the p'oposilion had received the unanimous
approbation of the Committee of Ways and !V?eans.
He (*VIr. P.) did not rceollect of beiof* present r.i
such a decision, as he certainly was opposed
to it. If r,-e wantal irformation, the meteor-
ological bbles prepared under Ihe directions of the
Government were not only beautiful, but gave us
the most au'h ntic and ready information. But if
we \\ ish to gain information for pewlemen 'o per-
vert tfce fc.c;s to advances their peeulior theories
and preeor-ceived notions, ihen pttss the s ;ipropr:n-
tion. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
say-- it v/il! be cieating a new bureau in (He
Government to p'eside -over storms. Gentle-
men seeded to be eager to create aprofessor
io lecture on wind. It seemed to him (Mr. P.)
that we had already §42 members here who were
capable of heirs professors on lhat subjec'; they
were at least fit to be assistant lecturers on wind.
He could not see the use of creating a separate pro-
fessorship.
Mr. HOLMES thought, if we must have wind in
this country, we should do better by having regu-
lated wind. He was, therefore, in favor of the
appropriation.
The question was taken, and the amendment of
the Senate non-concurred in—ayes 76, noes 77.
The question recurred upon concurring with the
Senate in their next amendment, inserting an ap-
propriation of $50,000 to continue the improve-
ments in the navigation of the Mississippi, Mis-
souri, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers, for the half-cal-
endar year; and an appropriation of $ 100,000 for
the fiscal year, for the same object.
Mr. FILLMORE rose, and stated that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means bad reported a bill ma-
king the same appropriations which were contem-
plated by the amendment of the Senate, and he
should call it up at the earliest day. He thought
that this bill was not a proper place to insert
such an appropriation as this. The objects
contemplated in the appropriation were wholly
distmst from the main purpose of the bill. If the
Senate were permitted to introduce subjects of this
kind in a general appropriation bill, it would ef-
fectually take from the House its power to origi-
nate appropriation bills for harbors and other im-
provements. He hoped the House would reject
the amendment of the Senate; and he pledged him-
self lo move to take up the bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means as soon as this bill was dis-
posed of. He was unwilling to see all other ap-
propriations discarded, and this one invidiously
passed. The consequence of adopting the amend-
ment of the Senate would be, to defeat every other
appropriation for harbors, &c.
Mr. TRIPLETT advocated the amendment, and
claimed that the annual loss of life and of property
on the Western waters most imperiously demanded
an appropriation to remove the obstructions to the
navigation of these waters.
Mr. REYNOLDS also advocated the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNT opposed it, on the ground that it
neglected other improvements in the Northetn
States.
After some remarks from Mr. PROFF1T, the
committee rose and reported progress.
STATE OF THE FINANCES.
Mr. WISE then called for the reading of the
message from the President, received in the course
ot the morning; and it was read as follows:
To thk IFonsf- of Representatives:
I herewith uansmit to the [louse of Representatives a report
made to me on the 9;h instant, by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, on the subject of the present and prospective condition of
the finances.
You will perceive from it, that even if the receipts from the
vanous sour:e3ot revenue for the current year shall pro?e
not t<> Lave beep overra'ed, and the expenditures be restrained
within the estimates, the treasury will be exhausted before
the close of the year; and that this will be the case, although
authori y ohnll be given to the proper department to reissue
trea^uiy notes. But the state of facts existing at the present
moment c?nnol fail to awaken a doubt whether the amount of
therevem for the respective quarters of the year will come
up to tfir; estimates; nor is it entirely ceitain lhat the expendi-
tures which will 1)3 authorized by Congress may not exceed the
•iggiega-e sum which has hitherto been assumed as the basis of
the treasiuy c<ilcui.i'n>ns. Of all tin duties oi the Govei nment,
none is moie sacred and imperative than that of making adequate
and ample piovsiions lor fulfilling with punctuality its pecu-
niary engagement*. and maintaining nie public credit inviolate.
Any failure m this respect, not produced by unforeseen causes,
couMoniy be regarded by our convnon constituents as a serious
negloctof the public interest®. I feel it therefoie, to be an in-
dispensable > bliaation, vvhue so much of i':e session yet re-
mains unexpired as to enable Congress to give to the subject
the consideration which its impmtance demands, and most
earnestly to caUitoatteiiUou to tho pronnety of making lurther
provixi.jo for the public service of thcycar.
The proper objects of taxatma are peculiarly within the dis-
cretion of the Lecfi^Ioture; v;hi'e u is the duty of the Executive
to kor > Co'.^iess fle'y auvi;-ed of the stdfe of the treasury, and
to admonish it v.f .my .nn-'er winch tlicr*? may be ground to
dpprtMusd o. a failure ?n ihe meunjoi meeting the expendi-
ture Krhor<zeu by
I ousht r.ut, I'lei-ef^r^, to ds^mble my fears that there will
be a f^iious idling or >n th« estimated proceeds both of the
ctis'nms and tj o pebhc !.->tvl?r I regard the evil of ih^ppoint-
ment m the-- i. specs .ss ullage her too great to be risked, if by
any n ^sib;' y ir nvy be eiuuely obviated
W hue I am i ,i fiom objecting, under present circumstances,
to the recommendations of the Secretary, that autnority be
granted him to re-is«ue trea^ry notes as they shall be redeem-
ed, and to other suggestions which he has made on thi=i subject;
yet u appears to mc to be worthy of grave consideration wheth«
ei mniu permanent and certain supplies ought not to be pro-
viued. The issue of one note in redemption of another, is not
