CONGRESSIONAL GlOBl.
m
rilla: read twice, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. R. also reported several Senate bills, with-
out amendment.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a joint resolution in relation
to bounty land patents: read a third time, and
passed.
Mr. H. also made an adverse report upon the
petition of Cadwallader Wallace.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON, from the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, reported a bill to confirm the
sale of public lands in certain cases. Read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole oh
the state of the Union,
Mr. T. also reported Senate bills "to perfect
the titles to lands south of the Arkansas river, held
under New Madrid locations, and pre-emption
rights under the act of 1814," and "Aa act in re-
lation to the two per cent, fond of the State of
Mississippi." Referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to regulate the mode
of paying over to the State of Alabama the two
per cent, fund relinquished to said State by the act
commonly known as the distribution act of 1841.
After a short debate, in which Messrs. BR1GGS,
CHAPMAN, GWIN, STANLY, and JACOB
THOMPSON participated, the bill was referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said hs was instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to state that it was
their desire that the warehousing bill should be
taken up, and a day set apart for its consideration.
As there appeared to be some doubt whether the
House would consider the bill this session or not,
he moved to make it the special order for this day
week, for the purpose of testing the sense of the
House as to their disposition to act upon it. He
made the motion, and desired the vote on it to be
considered as a test.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired if the motion
was in order.
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY said he would take an
early opportunity of making the motion he had in-
timated.
THE DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, said he was instructed to
report a resolution to discharge the Committee of
the Whols from the further consideration of the
bill for the recharter of the District banks. He
wished the vote on the resolution to be made a
test vote.
The resolution was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole. House be (lis.
Charged Irom the further consideration of the bill to extern! the
charters of the banks of the District 01' Columbia, being House
bill No. 676,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that the resolu-
tion be laid on the table, and asked the yeas and
nays on the motion.
They were taken, and resulted—-yeas 87, nays
108, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Beeaon, Bidlack, Bmlseyp, Ulair,
Borden, Bowne, Brew&ter, A. V. Blown, C. Brown. Buxke,
William O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick 0. Cald-
well, John Campbell, Cary, Caa^y, Chapman, Clifford, Chn-
lon, Coles, Daniel, Richard I> Davis, Dawson, Dean, Doan,
"Eastman, John Edwards, John G. Floyd, Chailes A- Floyd,
Fornance, Gerry, Gilmer, William O. Gooiio, Gordon, Gus.
une Gwin, Harris, Hastings, Hays, Hopkins, Xlouck, Hous-
ton,' Hubard, Hunter, Charles J Ingersoil, Jack, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy. Linn, JLittJefiehl,
Lowell, Abraham McClelUn, McKay, Mailory, Maichand, Al-
fred Marshall, John Thomson Mason, Mathews, Miller, Mitch-
ell Newhard, Partridge, Pickens, PJutnei, Reed, Reding, Rey-
nolds Rises, Rogers, Roo>evelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shield-,
William "Smith, Snyder, Stecnrod. Straiton, ^wer.ey, Jacob
Thompson, Van Huron, Welter, \Vesibrook, Joseph L, Wil-
liams, Wood, and John tfo'jng—S7.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Landaft W. And ows. feherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Habrock, Baker, Barnard, Barton,
Bnggs, Brockway, Beonson, M. Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Bnr-
neU; William Butler, Calhoun, Thomas J. Campbell. Ca-
ruthers, ChUds, Chittenden, John C. Claik. Tames Cooper,
Cowe^ Cranston, Cravens, Crawford, Garrett Davis, Detaer-
ry, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster, Gates,
Gentry, Giadmgs, Granger, Green, Hall, Halated, Ilenry, How-
ard, Hudson, Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoil, James Irvin, James,
Isaac P. Jones, John P, KenTifcr, iMng, Lane, McKennan,
Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Meriwether, Moore, Morris, Mor-
row, Osborne, Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope,Powell,Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall, Rayner, Rencher,
Ridgway, Rodney, James M. Russell, Saltonstali, Shepperd,
Slade, Truman Smith, Sprig?, Stanly, Stokely, Alexander H.
H. Stuart,"John T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, Richard w.
Thompson, TUlinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trotti, Trumbull,
Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Warren, Washington, Edward
D. White, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Christo*
pher H. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Yorke, and Augustus
Young—108. '
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays on
the adoption of the resolution. He said to extend
the charter of tix banks in this District for ten
years, without one memenfs consideration or debate,
was an outrage upon all propriety in legislation.
The resolution was then adopted—yeas 114,
nays 98, as follows:
YEAS -Messrs. Adams, Allen, LandafT W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Bar-
nard, Barton, Boatdman, Briggs, Brockway, Bronson,MiRon
Brown, Jeremiah Brown, WiJiiam Butler, Calhoun, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark,
Coweri, Cranston, Craveps, Ciawford, Cushmg, Garrett Davis,
Debeiry, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, A. Lawrence Foster,
Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Patrick G, Goode, Graham,
Granger, Green, Halsted, Henry, Holmes, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R, Ingersoil, James Irvin, Jamea, William Cost
Johnaon, Isaac D. Jones, John P.Kennedy, King, Lane, Mc-
Kennan, Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, May-
nard, Meriwether, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne,
Owsley, Pearce, Pendleton, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin
Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Rencher, Ridgway, Riggs, Rod-
ney, William Russell, Jamea M. Russell, Saitonstail, Shep-
perd, Slade, Truman Smith, Sprigg, Stanly, Stobely, Stratton,
Alexander H. H. Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Talia-
ferro, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson,
Tnplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer, Wallace,
Warren, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Yorke, and Augustus
Yoimg—114.
3SAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Becson, Bidlack, Birds-
eye, Blair,Bowne,Brewster, Aaron v. Brown, Chas. Brown,
Buike, William 0. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Patrick C.
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Caiy, Cnsey,
Chapman, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, Richard D.Davis, Dawson,
Dean, Doan, Eastman,John C. Edwards, Egbert, Ferris, John
G. Floyd, Charles A. FJoyd, Fornance, Gerry, Gilmer, Wil-
liam O. Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Gwin, Harris, Hastings,
Hays, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, HubarO, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoil, William- W. Iiwin, Jack, Cave Johnson, John
W. Jones, Kcim, Andrew Kennedy, Linn, Littlefield, Lowell,
Abraham McClellan, Robert McClcllan, McKay, Mc.Keon,
Mailory, Marchand, Alfred Maishall, John Thomson Mason,
Mathews, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Newhavd, Pavmenter, Par-
tridge, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Read, Reding, Reynolds,
Rogers, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Scwell, Shields, Sreen-
rod, Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Trotti, Tumey, Van Burcn,
Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrouk, Joseph L. Williams,
and John Young—93.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL rose, to move thai the bill
649 be made the special order of the day /or Thurs-
day next.
The SPEAKER said it was not in n;der to
make that motion, unless by general consent.
Mr. J. CAMPBELL hoped general consent
would be given; for the bill was a very important
one. [ft was understood to be the bill to suspend
the operation of the districting section of the ap-
portionment bill, under the latecensu?.]
Mr. BARNARD appealed to the gentleman from
South Carolina to allow committees to be called
for reports, before he introduced his motion.
The SPEAKER ^axd the calling of committees
for reports was the business in order; and he con-
tinued the ca'.l, bi ginning with the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. BARNARD, from the Committee on ths
Judiciary, reported a joint resolution relating to
certain public property purchased for the, United
States in the city of Detroit. It was lead twice,
and ordered to be printed. ■
JESSE HOYT.
Mr. BARNARD said hs was diree'ed by the
Committee en the Judiciary to report a resolution
for the ptmtitij of the memorial of Jes-e Hoyt,
which was presented to the Hcu*e a few d?,ys ago.
Mr. BOARDMAN requested permission to m<>ke
a petsonal explanation en that subject, as he had
been abused by that man [Jes-se Hoy t] in the news-
pipers. He then went on, by general consent, to
make some statements of the reasons he had for
effencg a resolution in this House on this subject
at the last ees'ticn, as Jetse Hoyt had attributed to
him unworthy motives. He read extracts from
the reports of the commimomrs who were sent to
investigate the affai's of the New York custom-
house; from which he found that Jerse Hoy:—a
man who was guilty of robbing the public tiras-
ury—had, in his character of collector, chargcd
$201,508 in addition to his other fees allowed by
the Government; and he bad wished to know if the
Government was in the habit of allowing such
charges. He said he could not have had any per-
sonal object in abusing Jesse Hoyt, for he did not
even know the man, though he believed he was
introduced to him some years ago, when Jesse
Hoyt bore the character of an honest man; but
that was a long time ago. This explanation which
he now made was, perhaps, unnecessary; and for
occupying the time of the House with it, perhaps
he ought to apologise; for the abuse of a rogue
like Jesse Hoyt—who was cast off even hy the sub-
terranean Locofoco Democracy ef New York, at-
tached as they were to plunder—could affect no
honest man.
Mr. BARNARD said the letter to which the
gentleman from Connecticut referred—which had
been published in the public papers—was one
which no decent man could countenance; but the
memorial (the printing of which he now moved) was
respectful in its character.
Mr. ARNOLD interrupted the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Barnabd,] who was proceeding
with his remarks, and said the debate was useless.
He inquired if the moraiag hour had not expired,
and expressed his anxiety that the House would
not con?ume its time with useless discussions,
when tbe day onght to be devoted to the special or-
der—which jras his bill No. 548.
The SPEAKER informed tbe gentleman from
Tennessee that committees were called for reports
by general consent.
After some few observations from several gen-
tlemen, the question of printing was negatived.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Judiciary Com-
mittee, reported a Senate bill without amendment.
It was an act altering the time of holding the cir-
cuit courts of the district of Connecticut; and as it
was unobjectionable, it was rsad a third time and
passed.
Mr. ARNOLD then moved that the House re-
solve itself into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired the gentleman
. to withdraw the motion, to enable him (Mr. Cj.ve
Johnson) to make a report from the Select Com-
mittee on Retrenchment.
Mr. EVERETT rose to a privileged question,
amidst great confusion; and some explanation en-
sued between him and the Speaker, which was not
audibie at the reporter's desk.
MISSISSIPPI STATE BONDS.
Mr. GWIN rose, and desired permission to
make a few remarks, which were of an explanato-
ry character.
Mr. ARNOLD said there were at least twenty
gentlemen who desired the floor; and he could not
yield.
He, however, afterwards consented, on an ex-
planation of Mr. Gwin's object.
Mr. GWIN asked the indulgence of the House
a moment to enable him to reply to some state-
ments made by the gentleman from New York
[Mr. GruNGEn] on Saturday last, as reported in
the Intelligencer of yesterday morniog. He would
remark that, from the noiss around him during
the time the gentleman was addressing the House,
he had not heard the gentleman make the state-
ments as they are reported, or he would have cor-
rected them at the time. The gentleman is report-
ed to haye sai.i:
"Mi- Granger came not here to speak with disrespect of
any man who har! keen elevated to the chief magistracy of one
ot the Slates of Uiis confederacy; but let senUetiien, after the
execution of these bontts—aft^r the site, delivery, and receipt
of the 83.(100,000—turn to the n!-"s--v:e of Governor McNutt,
and what did they find? That he had yiekted his individual
opinions to the voice of the people of Mississippi! The bonds
had been issued; theie was no pretencethat the So:000,000 had
not been received; but when the pay day came, the' morality of
Mississippi poofcefed the 55,000,000. and'started back with holy
lioirot at the idea of paying woat they had received!'5
Sir, (said Mr. ©win,) this statement is a tissue
of n.i.-representations of fact—no doubt uninten-
tional. The expression attributed to Governor
McNutt was made in reference to signing the bank
charter, niid not to the sale of the bonds. As to
the idstem- nt that there was no pretence that the
five millions of dollars had not been received, the
gentleman is entirely mistaken. It is not the
fact—not a word of it; for the main ground taken
by the party in that State who are opposed to as.
