288
CONGRESSIONAli GLOBE.
ported to the Senate, and ordered to a third read-
ing; and accordingly was Subsequently read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back, without amendment,
and with a recommendation that it do pass, House
bill for the relief of Joseph of Missouri 
[name cot heard.]
Mr, LINN made a proposition, directing the
Secretary of the Senate to place ail the private
bills on a separate calendar, with a view to expe-
dite action upon them; but, after a few remarks by
Mr. KING, showing that, instead of expediting ac-
tion, it would retard the business of the Senate,
the motion was withdrawn.
Mr. GRAHAM submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of 'the Treasury be direct-
ed to communicate to the Senate, as early as practicable, what
has been done by that department tinder ihe act of last session
of Congress, entitled "An act making an appropriation lor the
erection of a marine hospital at or near Ocracoke, m North Car-
olina," approved August 29,1842; especially whether a site for
said hospital has been purchased or contracted for, and whether
any ^appropriation of money is necessary to complete it.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Linn on yes-
terday, fixing 11 o'clock, a. m., for the daily hi-ur
of meeting of the Senate hereafter, was taken up
and rejected—ayes 18, noes 19.
Mr. BENTON, from ihe Committee on Military
Affairs, to which bad been/referred the petition of
a number of citizens of Missouri, praying ihat the
settlers on the old military reserve, near Fort
Leavenworth, may be allowed the right of pre-
emption to the same, made a report, accompanied
by a resolution, (which was agreed u> by the Sen-
ate,) directing a copy of the report to be transmit-
ted to the Sectary of War.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the credentials of
Silas Whisht, Jr., who has been elected by ihe
Legislature of New York a Senator from that
State for six years, from and after the 4th day of
March next; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. BERRIEN, the previous or-
ders of the day were postponed; and ihe Senate
took up, as in committee of the whole, ihe bill from
the House for the relief of Charles J. Jenkins and
William Williams, assignees of Joseph McKmne.
Mr. BERRIEN explained the bill; and, alter a
few remarks by Mr. EVANS in opposition to its
passage, and indicating a wish to make an amend-
ment, it was postponed till to-morrow.
RETRENCHMENT, ECONOMY, AND GOV-
ERNMENT RESOURCES.
On motion of Mr. MILLER, the unfinished busi-
ness of yesterday was taken up; being the con-
sideraiion of the following resolutions introduced
by asr. McDmtie, on Tuesday, the 7th instant,
viz:
Resolved, That it is thesolemn and urgent duty of the pres-
ent Congress to adopt, without delay, efficient measures to re-
vive the crippled and decaying commerce, replenish the impov-
erished exchequer, and anest the alarming accumulation of tile
public debt ol tile IJruted States.
Resolved, That a modification of the existing tariff on for-
eign imports, such as will render it strictly and m good faith a
mere revenue measure, is indispensable to the accomplishment
of those ohjects; and that the recent measures of the British
Parliament, partially adopting the principles of free trade, the
public indications ol a disposition on the part ol the present
ministry to extend those principles still further, and Hie piotia-
bility ol ,t!ie speedy organization ol an extensive system of
smuggling on the long lir.o of our frontier, furnish pressms mo-
tives to Cungiess lor acting on the subject during its present
session.
Resolved, That a tigid system of lettenchmcnt, economy,
and accountability, such as will bring ihe annual expenditures
within the animal income of the Government, is not lebs indis-
pensable; and that, while this is rendered necessary by the de-
plorahle state of the public finances, it is rendered just, and not
mjuiious to the public service, by the great reduction of the
currency, and consequent appreciation of the value of money.
To which Mr. EVANS had moved to append
the following additional resolutions:
Resolved, That, among the causes which havecontubuted
most efficiently to the depression ol the lbieign and domestic
commerce of the country, and to the consequent impoverish-
ment of the national trensuiy, and which have thus rendered a
resortto loans inevitable, is the wanton currency ol uniform
value in all paits of the United States, commanding the conii- '
denes of the people; and no measure designed to revive com-
merce, replenish ihe treasury, and avert the further accumula-
tion of public debt, will be complete of adequate to the accom-
plishment of these objects, wmch fad to supply their wants.
Resolved, That another of the prominent causes of the pres-
ent prostrated condition of the business of the country, and of
the public finances, and which has largely impaired American
character and credit, which has exposed republican institu-
tions to reproach and obloquy, is the failure of so many States
of the Union to provide for the regular payment of the interest
on their public debts; and especially the favor and counten-
ance which have been given, to some exient, in some portions
of the country, to the alarming and destructive doctrine, that
these debts are not binding upen the people of the States
which have created them, but may be annulled and repudiated
at their discretion.
Resolved, That, while this Congress does not intend to adopt
any measuresfor the-paymentby the United States of the debts
of the individual States, it nevertheless deems it proper, in
view of the disastrous consequences to the national character
and credit, and to the institutions of republican government, of
the failure of the States to fulfil their obligations, and of the
principle which has been asserted—that these obligations are
not binding on them,—to declare, that the debts of the States,
cieated by the legislative authority thereof, respectively, are ob-
ligatory and binding upon said States, and cannot be by them an-
nulled or repudiated; and tkat it is the solemn and urgent duty
of the people of said States to resort to the most efficient means
in their power for the preservation of theii faith, and the fulfil-
ment of their obligations.
Resolved, That it is the duty of Congress, by every consti-
tutional and proper means in its power—by the adoption of
measures to restore and preserve a currency of uniform value
throughout the United States; by the collection and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, and the regulation and admin-
istration ot the public finances, in such way as shall be least
burdensome to the people, and most conducive to the revival
of trade and commerce; as shall secure the wages of labor from
fluctuation; as shallgive security and steadiness to the industry
of ihe country,—to render every practicable aid and encourage-
ment to the people of the several States in their efforts to meet
their engagements, and to discharge the obligations into which
they have entered.
Which Mr. Dayton had moved to amend, by
striking out the third of Mr. Evans's resolutions,
and inserting the following in its steqd:
Resolved, That the distrust and obloquy cast upon the Fed-
eral Government by reason of the failure of certain States to
make prompt payment of their debts, is an unjust and unfound-
ed imputation upon its credit and good faith; that, while this
Government deplores the misguided policy of those States
which have embarrassed themselves, it disclaims all liability
legally or morally, for such delinquency; while, in vindication
of its own unblemished faith and honor, it appeals with confi-
dence to its past history.
Mr. DAYTON being entitled to the floor on the
pending ques'ion, in relation to the adoption of his
proposed amnndmerit, addressed the Senate for
upwards of an hour.
He stated that the offer which he made yester-
day, to waive his claim to the floor, having failed
to accomplish the object of their proceeding to the
vote; and the question now pending being on his
amendment, he felt it due to himself to submit a
few brief remarks, in explanation of the reasons
which induced him to think that amendment im-
portant and necessary. No Senator could depre-
cate more than he would a useless loss of the pub-
lic time, at this late period of the session, in a
mere discussion of abstract theories. But, if gen-
tlemen on the other side chose to introduce res-
olutions of that character, tending to no practical
result, the responsibility of wasting the public
time coald not be laid at the doors of his friends
or himself, should they feel themselves placed in
such a position as to demand either enlargement,
modification, or discussion. The resolutions offered
by the Senator from South Carolina reach to, and
propose, no measure of public relief for the dis-
tress which they depict.
He (Mr. D.) had listened with great pleasure to
the able speech which was delivered in support of
those resolutions, in the hope that it would con-
clude with some definite and practical proposition
for the relief of the country; more particularly as
the Sei.aior appealed, in the course of his remarks,
to ail ; aities to units in effecting the object he had
in view. But in this he was disappointed; for noth-
ing was urged but the resolutions themselves; and
they, and all that was said in their support, ended
with a mere promulgation of abstract political
principles. He could not discover, from them and
ths Senator's remarks, more than three main prin.
cip!e,«: m relation to Ihe currency, to be let a'one to
woikout its own salvation; to finance, to be im-
proved by pulling down the tariff law; and to com-
merce, by reciprocating the action of Great Britain
in favor of an approach to free trade.
On each of these points Mr. D. expatiated con-
siderably at length, and then adverted to the reso-
lutions submitted by the Senator from Maine, es an
addition to the resolutions of ihe Senator' from
Souih Carolina. These additional resolutions he
considered equally obnoxious to ihe charge of
reaching to no practical result. Fully as he accord-
ed wilh the general principles which they avowed
he considered them, as well as the original resolu-
tions, unnecessary; because no definite action would
grow out of them for the good of the country. As
however, they were before the Senate, be did not
wish to let them pass to a vote without such modi-
fication as he thought essential; and, as he had
strong objection to the wording of the third resolu-
tion of the amendment, he had proposed a substi-
tute for that resolution, which he read.
In explaining his object in thus vindicating the
credit and character oi the United States, he stated
his regret that hitherto every officer ia the Gov-
ernment, from the highest to the .'lowest, had taken a
course calculated to show to the world that they
felt the character and credit of the country to be
depressed, instead of boldly repelling the unfound-
ed assertions of others that they were so. He in-
sisted on it, that the credit and good faith of. the
United States never had been impaired; that they
had been preserved without a blot or blemish since
the foundation of the Government; and that, in
this respect, we stood proudly pre-eminent above
the nations of Europe, who now caluminated us in
the foreign money markets.
In proof of all this, he entered into a long and
minute history of the iniquities practised by Great
Britain, in laying the foundation of her national
debt, and enlarging it from time to time, till it had
reached the enormous sum of upwards of thirty-
five hundred' millions of dollars—in comparison
with which, opr naiional debt shrank into a mere
nothing, or at least a sum so small as to be scarcely
capable of paying half a year's interest. He enu-
merated the debts (leie by Fraaee, Holland, Na-
ples, Russia, &c., to show how deeply they were
all involved; and contrasted their condition with
that of this country—possessing unexampled re-
sources, and an inheritance stretching from sea to
sea, through a wide extent of country unequalled
for fertility and natural advantages. Having evi-
denced all these things, as a vindication of the un-
impaired good faith and credit of the United States,
he commented with severity upon those portions of
the President's message which he considered could
have no better tendency than to give countenance
to the calumnies uttered in foreign money markets
against our credit. He particularly alluded te
the unnecessary and imprudent exposure of the
fact that an accredited agent, sent to Europe to ne-
gotiate the loan, had been sent back repulsed.
Speaking of the assumption of the State debts,
he deprecated any proposition of that nature as un-
wise and impolitic, without giving any opinion as
to the power of the Government in that particular.
The question of the power of the Government to
interfere he had not sufficiently examined into, to
enable him to form an opinion; but he had fully
made up his mind as to the imprudence of any
such measure.
Mr. D. concluded by urging the adoption of his
substitute for the ihird resolution of the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Maine.
Mr. MERRICK next obtained the floor, and in-
sisted on his motion (of which he had given notice
yesterday) to Say the whole subject on the table.
He again urged the impropriety of wasting the
short time which yet remained of the session, so
necessary to be applied to the legislative business
remaining unfinished, upon mere abstract ques-
tion;;. He pointed out that, in his opinion, gentle-
men were mistaken who supposed that his motion
would eairy wilh it the resolutions of the Senator
from Virginia. That Senator had only given no-
tice of his intention to offer them: they were not be-
fore the Seriate, and could not be, as long as an
amendment to n amendment of an original propo-
sition was pending, No fitter time could, there-
fore, be chosen for pressing* his motion than at
present.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. RIVES inquired of the Chair whether, if
the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey
were either adopted or rejected, would he not have
a right to move his amendment as a substitute for
the resolutions of the Senator from Maine?
The CHAIR exp'ain'ed that a motion to strike
out a larger portion of the resolutioas, containing -
the amendment of the Senator from New Jersey,
with a view of inserting others in their place,
would be in order.
Mr. RIVES contended that his resolutions were
