CO Jtf CtRESSlOJ* AL. GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RITES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN APYANCE.
27th Cong 3d
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1843.
Volume 12,,,,No. 19
Continued from No 18.
in that cue before the Senate, and would be af-
fected by the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. MERRICK "aid they would not be involved
in the motion a whit more than any other amend-
ments whicb gentlemen might intend to offer.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked if it was in order
for gentlemen to catechise the Chair as to the
course to be pursued with regard to something in-
tended to be howl
The question was t'len called for on Mr. Mer-
rick's motion to lay the whole on the table; and it
was decided in the affirmative—ycris 24, nays 23,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Harrow, Bate?, Bayard, lierrien, Choate,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Hender-
son, lldntaigton, Mertick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Poner,
Simmon*, Smith of Indiana, Sptague, Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby. Benton, linchanai),
Calhoun, Fnlton, King, Linn, McDuffie, Mcltoherrs, Mangum,
Hives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young"
28.
Mr. RIVES 'heR submitted his resolutions (which
will be found in the proceeding* of February 18)
as a substantive proposition. They lie over one
day, under the rule. ?
Mr. LINNsubmitted a resolution, that the daily
hour of meeting after Saturday next shall be at 11
o'clock, a. m., tor the remainder of the session, in-
stead of 12.
The resolution lies over till to-morrow.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the Sonate went
into executive htfsiur; and, at<er some time spent
therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 15, 1843.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Solo-
mon Thayer and 62 other citizens of Lubec,
Maine, praying Congress for such an alteration vt
'our commercial li-Uiions with foreign Govern-
ments as t-hall give to tbe navigation of the United
Slates terms of just reciprocity; which was referitd
to the Committee ol the Whole on the state of the
Union.
AUo, the petition of M. G. Buck and 76 other
citizens of Bucksport, Maine, praying Congrpss to
impose an additional duty on sawed lumber, fire-
wood, fish, &c, from the British provinces; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. WARD presented a petition of 400 mer-
chants and workingmen of New York and Brook-
lyn, in favor of Gilbert's floating dry-dock: refer-
red to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
' the Union.
Mr. OLIVER presented the petition of Nathan
Beard, asking to be paid for i$5,606of continental
currency, received for services rendered during the
revolutionary war in 1777 and 1778—the said con-
tinental cuirency being of no value.
Mr- REYNOLDS presented the memorial and
resolutions of the General Assembly of the State
of Illinois, stating the following facis: That certain
citizens of Macon county and the vicinity, reside
in the interior of the State, and are located 80
miles from the navigation of the Illinois river, and
130 from that of the Wabash. Th cse citizens re-
side on and near the cross railroad route, extending
from the Illinois river, at Naplts, by SprirgSeld,
the seat of Government of the State, to ihe eastern
border of the State, to meet the Indiana canal and
railroad at Covington, which communicates to
Lake Erie, through Indiana and Ohio. The me-
morial states further, that the abovenamed com-
munication in Indiana end Oaio is completed for
235 miles, and will be finished in Indiana during
this year from Lafayette to Covington, which is in
the direction of the cross railroad route in Illinois.
This communication completed, a direct inland
channel for the commerce of the most fertile re-
gion of country in the Union would be established
from the navigable waters of the Mississippi to
Lake Erie, and by Buffalo to the cities of New
York and Boston. This comtaurioation would
shorten tbe distance from the Mississippi to Lake
Erie several thousand miles less than the route by
Chicago, Mackiaack, and Detroit.
The memorial further shows that the country
adjacent to this northern cross railroad is the most
fertile in Illinois, and the farmers already raise a
great surplus of products in it; but the location is
so far from the means of transporting this surplus
to market, that the crops are rotting on the hands
of the farmers. It is alf-o stated, that tome con-
Mtierable portion of the public lands are vet un-
sold on this rojtc. Is is «!so slated that this
improvement b national ex'ending from the
Mississippi to Boston; and that similar public
wotks in the States ot Indiana and Ohio have re-
ceived donations in land from the General Gov-
ernment, to aid the 8 ates in such improvement.
The memorial gots further, and saj>, ihat the price
of the public lands will be enhanced in value more
than double by the construction of this road m
illinois; and, in consideration of the=e facts, the
resolutions of the Legislature pray that every al-
ternate section of the public lar.d along the route
in Illinois, be granted to the State, to aid m the
completion of this public improvement. The
reserved land will be enhanced more in value by
the donation, than the whole is id present. The
memorial and resolutions were referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands m the House
of Representatives; and they Ere ?o just and
reasonable, thai no doubt a favorable action will
be had on them, if the lateness ol Ihe session dors
not prevent it, as the 1 e is not much more than two
weeks of the session yet unexpiied
On motion of Mr. FENDLE10N, a memorial
some lime since ptesented by hin), in relation to
steamboat cxph sions, was ordered to be printed.
CLERKS EMPLOYED BY THE GOVERN-
MENT.
Mr. G. DAVIS rose, and submitted the follow-
ing reioltilior:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the
Treasury* the Secretaiy of War* the tiecietury of the Navy,
and the Postmaster General, leportto this House ihe number,
classc^, an J compensation of persons employed in their several
departments, respectively, on the 1st day oJ January, 1839, and
on the 1st day of January, IS43; distinguishing, by bureaus,
where they exist m the derailment.
Mr, FILLMORE said it appeared to him that a
useless expense would be incurred by the adoption
of that resolution; and it was especially unneces-
sary, as all the information which it would call for
was already published in public documents.
Mr. G. DAVIS said if it was in the public doc-
uments, it would take so much less time to collect
it in the s,hape which he proposed.
Mr. FILLMORE said, in the present state of
the national treasury, they should save all the ex-
pense they possibly could.
Mr. BOWNE asked if that debate was in order.
The SPEAKER was understood to reply in the
negative.
Mr. BOWNE then objected to it, and to the re-
ception of the resolution.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules,
for the reeepdon of his resolution.
The motion to suspend was agreed to, and the
resolution was adopted.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. READ said for two months he had been
appealing to the House to place on the journal a
resolution which he had offered on a very import-
ant subject. It was a subject of the deepest im-
portance, and one on which the House ought to
have acled at the commencement of the session—
he alluded to a modification of the tariff. He ad-
mitted that he did not now, at this late period of
the ?ession, expect that the House would act on that
subjec; but he desired that his proposition should
go on ihe journal. [Objsctions were made in va-
rious pai in of the hall ] He continued: if it were
objected to, he would object to everything out of
order to the end of the session. [Laughter.] For
two months he had been offering his resolution, but
without effect.
Mr. STANLY objected to tbe continuation of
the gentleman's argument.
Mr. READ said he was not arguing the ques-
tion.
Mr. STANLY insisted that the gentleman was
arguing it.
[Cries of "Read the resolution."]
Tae Clerk read it accordingly, as follows:
Whereas the act of Congress entitled "An act to provide reve-
nue from imports, and to change and modify existing tews im-
posing duties on Imports, and for other purposes," passed 30th
August, 1S42, having been passed in the hurry and confusion of
the" last day of a session, and therefore greatly defective, not
only in its details, but m some of its principles; imposing pro-
hibitory duties on a great variety of articles, thereby so far de-
feam-,2 itself, both in regard to revenue and protection—the lat-
ter, by administering a powerful stimulant to the smuggling
tratk; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill, sup-
plementary to the said act of the 30th August last, based upon
the following principles, viz: ,
1. To provide an adequate revenue for the economical ad-
ministration of the Government, and no more—say from twenty
to twenty-three millions.
2. Articles classed as "necessaries of life," and entering into
general consumption, of a description not grown or produced
m the United States, to be admitted free of duty.
3. Articles imported, coming in competition with those grown
or produced in the-Umted States, to be taxed so as to give am-
ple protection to our farmers, planters, manufacturers, and me-
chanics
4. The measure of such protection to be, in all cases, so much
duty as will make the cost of the foreign article in our markets
equal to the cost of production in the United States, and no
more, thus bringing the foreign and American manufacturer
into our markets on a footing of perfect equality, increasing
the supply m propoition tathe demand, and thereby reducing
the price to the consumer.
5 If it should be found necessary to impose higher duties for
revenue than are required by the said measure of protection,
in such case luxuries to pay a higher duty than necessaries.
6. No drawback to be allowed on foreign sugars refined in
the United States, nor on spirits distilled from foreign mo-
lasses. *
7 No drawback to be allowed in any case, except oft goods
imported and specially entered for exportation, and actually ex-
ported within ninety days from the time of impoitation.
8 All duties to be paid in cash at the time of importation.
9, All duties to be levied on the true value of the goods in
the principal ports of the United States; the valuation to be
made, in the first instance, by the collector of the port; and, if
the importer shall appeal, the value to be finally ascertained
by a board of commissioners, to be appointed for that pur-
pose.
Mr. BRONSON interrupted the reading of the
resolutions, and objected to their reception.
Mr. READ moved a suspension of the rules,
an on this he called for the yeas and nays.
The House did not order the yeas and nays.
Mr. READ made some remarks on the course
he was desirous to pursue; but his observations
were not heard at the reporter's desk.
The motion to suspend the rules was then nega-
tived.
RETRENCHMENT.
On the motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, the
Select Committee on Retrenchment, appointed on
the 3d day of February last, was authorized to send
for persons and papers, and to examine witnesses
oil oath.
THE WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY submitted a resolution
to make bill No. 730 (being a bill making provi-
sion for the. warehousing of imported goods) the
special order for Tuesday, the 21st instant.
Mr. HOPKINS objected, and said he hoped they
would have no more special orders during this
session. •
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved a suspension of
the rules; but it was not agreed to.
BILL No. 548.
Mr. FILLMORE inquired what the order of the
day was.
The SPEAKER replied, House bill No. 548.
[Laughter.")
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. The motion was agreed to, and Mr.
Ukberwood took the chair.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that th« committee pro-
