290
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceed with the consideration of the bill on which the
committee was yesterday engaged.
The motion was agreed to; and the amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wellee] offered
yesterday, to reduce the per diem of Senators from
$6 to $5, was negatived. ;
The following amendment of another gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Hastings] was offered yesterdays
Strikeout all after the word "assembled" in the second line,
and insert:
That from and after the commencement of the pre'ent ses-
sion, on the 5th day of December last, and henceforwaid, each
member of the House, of Representatives and Senate ef the
United States shall receive, during the sessions of Congress,
six dollars a day, and four dollars for every twenty miles
travel by the usual routes to and from the seat of Government.
And that each member of future Congresses, on taking the
oath to support the Constitution of the United States, do, at the
B&me time, pledge his honor, in presence of the House or
Senate, (to whichever he may belong.) that he will strictly
confine the franking privilege in his own person to the exer-
cise of his official duties, but may extend it in the broadest lib-
erty to giving every information through public documents,
and all othpr matter in his capacity ofRepreeentative, to his
constituents and the country.
And be it further enact ed% That, from and after the passage
of this bill, the private soldiers of the army of the United Statce,
and the sailors and marines of the navy of the United States,
shall have on*, dollar a month added to their present pay.
And belt further enacted^ That all law3 or parts of laws
conflicting with this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
This amendment was also negatived.
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS offered a substitute for
all that portion of the bill relating to the pay and
mileage of members of Congres?, providing for a
redaction of mileage, and a computation of dis-
tance according to the Post Office books.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 31, noes not
counted.
The second section was then read. It relates
to the pay and mileage of the members of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY offered the same amendment
which was adopted on yesterday in relation to the
mileage of Senators, providing that no member
shall receive a greater aggregate of mileage than
$300 at each session of Congress.
Mr. ARNOLD rose to a point of order. He
contended that, inasmuch as the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Holmes,]
cutting off mileage altogether, had been adopted,
this proposition would make the section incongru-
ous, and was, therefore, inadmissible.
The CHAIR remarked that it was true that the
proposition would make the bill inconsistent in its
provisions; but it was not for the Chair to judge in
such a matter. It remained with the committee to
put the bill in any form they thought proper.
Tellers (Messrs. Pope and A. V. Brows) were
appointed, and reported ayes 58, noes 65.
So the amendment of Mr. Mallory was re-
jected.
[The effect of this vote is to limit the mileage of
Senators to $300 a session, whilst that of members
of the House remains unrestricted.]
The amendment of the select committee, redu-
cing the mileage to $6 for every 20 miles travel,
was adopted. Also, the next amendment, prohib-
iting any member from receiving pay when ab-
sent from the House, unless such absence be certi-
fied to be occasioned "by sickness of himself or
family, or by lea re of the House."
Mr. McKENNAN offered the following amend-
ment, to be inserted in lieu of the 2d section. He
said that, if it should be adopted, the first section
might be similarly amended or stricken out:
Strike out the second section, and insert after the enacting
clause of the bill:
That, in lieu of the daily pay and mileage now allowed, by
law, to i he Senators and members of ihe House of Representa-
tives, each Senator, Representative, and Delegate, shall hereaf-
ter be entitled toireceive eight doliars'per day for every day he
ehall be in attendance, and six laltered afterwards to hurl dol-
lars for every 20 miles' travel, by the most usual route from his
residence to and ftom the seat ofGovernment, in all cases where
the session of Congress shall continue no longei than ihree
[subsequently changed to Jive} months. If the session shall he
extended any time longer, and not exceeding two months each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate, shall receive six dollars
per day for the additional time; and if the session shall be pro-
tracted longer than five [subsequently altered to seven] months
each Senator and member of the House bhall receive four dol-
lars per day for the remainder of the session. If any Senator
or member of the House shall be detained by sickness on his
journey to or fiom the meeting of Congress, or, after his arrival
at the seat of Government, shall he prevented, by sickness, from
attendance in the Senate or House, he shall be entitled to the
same daily allowance. The President fro ifm. of the Senate,
when the Vice President shall be absent, or when tho office of
Vice President ehall be vacant, shall receive double the daily
pay to which he is entitled as a Senator for every day he shall
attend the Senate; and the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives shall receive double the daily pay to which he is entitled
as a Representative for every day he shall attend the House:
Provided, That it shall be the duty of each Senatorand Repre-
sentative, and Delegate, before his acconntis settled and certi-
fied, to state the number of days he has been actually in attend-
ance in the Senate or the House; and also the number of days
he has been absent; and whether said absence has been owing
to sickness or otherwise; and, unless such absence shall have
been caused by sickness of himself or family, or by leave of the
Senate or House, his daily pay for the time when he was thus
absent without cause shall he deducted lrom his account.
Mr. FILLMORE suggested a medification. He
thought that the end of five months sheuld be fixed
as the period for the commencement of the reduc-
tion of the per diem.
Mr. McKENNAN accepted the modification.
The amendment was, by his direction, so altered
as to make the first reduction of pay at the end of
five months, and the second reduction at the end of
seven months.
Mr. COWEN offered an amendment to this
amendment, regulating the manner of computing
mileage, but subsequently withdrew it.
Mr. GILMER offered an amendment, the effect
of which would be to fix the pay of members at $4
per day after the first five months of any session.
The amendment was lost—ayes 64, noes 66.
Mr. SLADE offered an amendment, to make the
per diem of members of Congress eight dollars for
the first five months of the session, and after that
five dollars. Rejected—ayes 30, noes not counted.
Mr. J. C. CLARK offered an amendment to the
amendment, to insert in the 8th line of the 2d sec-
tion, the words "unless he shall have travelled the
entire distance for which such mileage is claimed,"
so as to make the clause read: Provided, That no
Senator, Representative, or Delegate, shall be al-
lowed for mileage a sum exceeding six dollars per
day from the end of one session to the time of
his taking his seat at the next session, unless he
shall have travelled the entire distance for which
such mileage is claimed."
This amendment was adopted.
The question on the amendment of Mr. McKen-
nan, as amended, was than put, and the vole re-
sulted in ayes 88, noes 30.
No quorum voting, another count was taken, re-
sulting in ayes 94, noes 30-
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. McKENNAN then moved to strike oat the
first and second sections, in order to make the bill
correspond with the amendment.
Mr. G. DAVIS moved to strike out the word
"four," and insert "six," in the second section;
but the Chair decided that it was not in order.
Mr. J. C. CLARK moved to amend the amend-
ment of the committee, in the 7th line of the sixth
section, by inserting after the words "one thou-
sand," the words "two hundred and fifty;" so as to
confine the reduction to salaries above $1,250. Re-
jected—ayes 50, noes not counted.
Mr. J. C. CLARK offered an amendment to the
same section, in the 34ih line, confining the reduc-
tion of the pay and emoluments of officers of the
army and navy to those whose pay and emolu-
ments exceed $2,000: rejected,
Mr. PENDLETON offered an amendment, con-
fining the reduction of the pay of officers of the
army and navy to those whose pay and emoluments
exceed $1,500: rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend the proviso
of the fifth section, by striking out the following
words:
"That no salaried civil officer of the Government shall re-
ceive any other pay for his services than what is allowed bv
said salary." J
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE moved to amend the fifth section,
so as to make the 20 per cent, reduction apply to
salaries of $2,000.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CHAS. BROWN submitted an amendment
to change the scale of reduction, but in what pre-
cise way was not heard.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Other not very material amendments were sub-
mitted by Messrs. A. H. H. STUART, J. P. KEN-
NEDY, FILLMORE, J. R. INGERSOLL, WM.
O BUTLER, CHAS. BROWN, and others.
Mr. McKEON offered an amendment, striking
out the clause by which the diplomatic corps serv-
ing abroad were excepted from the operation of
the reduction: rejected.
Verbal amendments were offered by Messrs.
ARNOLD and FILLMORE, and adopted.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to insert a provi-
so, preventing all officers who shall be "waiting
orders," or "on leave," from being excepted from
the operation of the reduction: rejected.
Mr. McKENNAN moved that the words "two
hundred dollars" be inserted after the words "one
thousand," in the clause limiting the operation of
reduction, so as te cause no reduction to take place
unless upon salaries of $1,200 and upwards, in-
stead of $1,000, as at present provided for: reject-
ed.
Mr. CHAS. BROWN offered an amendment,
the effect of which would be to reduce the pay of
midshipmen in the navy and cadets at the Military
Academy 20 per cent. By the bill, as it now
stands, their pay will not be affected. The amend-
ment was rejected.
Mr. McKENNAN offered an amendment,
(which was subsequently withdrawn,) providing
that officers whose salaries exceed $6,000 shall be
reduced 30 per cent.
Mr. S. MASON gave notice that he should
move, when the committee rose, to non-concur in
the amendment by which the mileage was reduced
to $4 for every twenty miles. He wished the mile-
age fixed at $6 for every*twenty miles.
Mr. GWIN inquired if it was in order to offer
a substitute for the whole bill.
The CHAIR. Not now.
Mr. GILMER offered an amendment, the ef-
fect of which is to abolish the offices of recorder
and solicitor cf the General Land Office, and to
provide that the duties now performed by those
officers shall be performed by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, and such of his clerks as
he may assign.
Mr. FILLMORE suggested that a bill had al-
ready been passed, which assigned other duties
(those now performed by the President's private
secretary) to the recorder of the Land Office.
Mr. GILMER said there was no probability
that such a bill would pass the Senate.
The amendment was then adopted—ayes 78,
noes 55.
Mr. MALLORY offered an amendment, pro-
viding that no portion of the bill shall have the ef-
fect of reducing the salary of any officer of a
higher rank and ef a longer standing, below that
of his junior of lower rank and ot a more recent
date: rejected.
Mr. MERIWETHER again attempted, in vain,
. to have adopted a provision excepting officers on
leave, and waiting orders, from the exemption
from the reduction which is made to apply to all
whose pay is above $1,000.
Mr. J. C. CLARK offered an amendment, pro-
viding that all officers whose salaries are between
$1,000 and $2,000, shall be reduced ten per cent.;
and all above $2,000, twenty per cent.: rejected.
The question then recurred on the 5th sectioa
of the bill as amended, and the same was adopted.
Mr. M. A. COOPER offered the following
amendment to the bill, to be inserted as an addi-
tional section:
"Be it further enacted, That the army and navy be reduced:
the army by companies, according to date, the oldest first, shall
be discharged, till it be reduced to four regiments. The offi-
cers, field and staff, shall be discharged according to grade, by
date of commissions, the oldest first, till there shall be left the
number requisite to the organization and command of the four
regiments. The navy shall be reduced by disbanding seamen
and officers, according to date of service and priority of com-
missions, till there shall remain in the service only six vessels
of war, with the requisite number of men and officers to man
the same; and it shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Navy
to take the necessary steps to put the vessels so discharged in
the best preservation possible, and at the least expense."
Mr. READ called for a division of the question
on the amendment.
The first part, relating to the army, was rejected.
The second part, relating to the navy, was also
rejected.
Mr. GILMER moved to strike out the words
"militating against," and insert "conflicting witb,"
in the repealing clause of the bill; so as to make
itjread "all acts and parts of acts conflicting with
this act are hereby repealed." Agreed to,
