CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
291
Mr. CLIFFORD offered an amendment, the ef-
fect of whicn, if adopted, '.vould have been to abol-
ishjthe Military Academy at West Point after tbe
1st of September next. Rejected.
Mr. McKENNAN moved to strike out the first
section of the bill, so as to make it correspond with
the amendments that had been adopted: agreed to
without a division.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia inquired whether the
bill, as it stood, applied to the officers of the House
and the public grounds, as it was doubted by some
whether they were included in the designation of
"officers of the Government."
["Certainly; certainlyanswered by several.]
Mr. GWIN then offered tiis substitute, as fol-
lows:
A BILL to retrench the expenditures of the Government of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That, Irom arid after the 30th day oi June next, the pay and
emoluments of all offices existing on this 4 th day of March, (in-
clusive,) 18^5, under the Government of the United States,
whether civil, military, or naval, winch have been mcica^ed
since that period, shall be reduced to the rate at which they
then were: Provided, That, in every case where the pay and
emoluments of any office have been reduced since the 4th day fit
March, 1825, this act shall not be so construed as to change such
reduction.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the
30th day of June next, the pay and emolument* of every office
under the Government of (he United States, whether civil, mili-
tary, or naval, created since the 4th of March, 18-J5, shall be re-
duced at the rate of twenty per centum.
Sso. 3. And be it further enacted That no officer undov
the Government of the United States shall be allowed any extra
compensation whatever.
Sec, 4. And he it further enacted, That, whenever the ses-
sion of Congress shall be protracted beyond five months, the
per diem pay ot the members thereof, thereafter, shall be at tho
iate ol lour dollars.
Sko. 5. And be it farther enactcd, That all hivvs and parts
of laws inconsistent with this act be, and the same aie heiel/v,
repealed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to amend the
amendment of Mr. Gwin, by sinking out ail after
tbe enacting clause, and inserting tbe following:
That from ami after the 30th of June next, there shall be
reduced twenty per centum from the amount of pay or com-
pensation allowed to ollicevs of the navy, or oshor pet-sons em-
ployed in the naval service, whose compensation was ii.vul or
increased by vuiueol tho act of the 3d of Match, )f«3D, entitled
"An act to iegnlate the p>ty of the navy ol the United States"
or since that time.
That thine shall he iedtio.nl, from ami after the 30th of June
next, 20 per Cttriium liom tho p.iy ol compensation of officess
ol the army, or other peisonn employed in the mihtaiy sHyice,
whose payor compensation was tixed or hicummhI 0y viitue
of au act untitled "An act to increase the imliraty establishment
of the United States, arid for en Jut purposes," approved G'li
iuiy, 1838; or whose uay has Ueen hum cased as nee the 1st ol
January, 1835. And that it nhull nut m futmu be lawful to
allow double rations to any officer or peiaon m the miluaty
service of the United States, nor shall it be lawful m (Mure to
allow commutation pay in lieu of lueliuid quaiieiH.
That all persons in the civil employment ol the Government,
whose compensation exceeds twelve hundred dollars, and
whose compensation has been fixed or increased since the 1st
of Januaiy, lS.ia, shall be reduced 20 per centum fiom and alter
the 30tb of June next
That it shall not hereafter he lawful to allow to any officer
or person m tho employment of the Government, any extia or
additional compensation for or on account id nn.v service ten-
dered the United States, of whatever kind or nature it maybe.
The question being taken on Mr. Cave John-
son's amendment, it was lejected.
Mr. MEDILL moved to amend the amendment
of ,Mr. Gwin, by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause, and inserting the following:
That, fromaudaltov 'he Hh riiiy ol M-ucii, A I) 18-13, thtf pel'
diem allowance, salary, or other ''onipriwuion ol Senators,
Representatives, autl Delegates m ConKre-.s, and of nil olhcers,
or other peisons elected or appointed by, - r in any \v.Lv reiving
m either branch thereof, eliali be, and ih- wiinc ix hereby, re-
duced one fourth, or twenty iivo per een'nm on the amount
now authorized and received; and 0>e mileage ol ^enatois,
Representatives. and Delegates, pi,al! tie reduced one lourtil lor
the first five hundred miloB, one-half for the. secur.d the hua-
dred mites, and three fourihs lor any distance that tiiey may
be required to uavel over one tiiouaand miles.
Sec ■- And be itfurthnr enacted, That, fioiri anii aftor the
raid 4th day ol March, A. I>. ifc-U, the salary, pay, fees, emolu-
ments, perquisites, or other compensation, by whatever name
tho same may he called or known, ot all ofhccisaud oilier per-
sonam the service or employment ol the Fed r.il Government,
other than those embraced in the lirtt. section of this act,
whether m tho civil, military, naval, judiciary, or otliei (!:■-
partnietU thereof (excepting iho -e who ate requued to reMde
abroad m the diplomatic seivice of the country, and such ;is<i,e
protected by the Constitution ) shall be, and the same a,e
hereby, altered and reduced fromtl.atnow picj-cu-ied and fixed
by law, as follows; that is to say. Wlieie she salary, pay, tees,
emoluments, perquisites, or other compensation of any one in
dividual now amount to or exceed three thousand dollars per
annum, the same shall be reduced thirty per ceiuum on (he
present amount; where the salary, r y- fees, emoluments, per.
quisites, or other compensation of any one individual now
amount to fifteen hundred dollars, and are less than three
thousand dollars per annum, the same shall be reduced twenty
p«r Cfwwm on tbe present .amwMj sad >Yh«>3 '.he, salary, pay,
fees, emoluments, perquisites, or other compensation of any
one individual nowamountto seven hundred dollars, an.t are
less than fifteen hundred dollars per annum, the same shall be
reduced tell per centum on the present amount: fromaea,
That the compensation of no person now receiving ess than
seven hundred dollars per annum shall be affected by this
Sec 3. And be it further enacted, That no extra allowance
or compensation of any kind, not ex pressly granted and author-
ized by law, shall be paid to any officer of. or other person in
the service or employment of the Federal Government, and any
of the departments thereof, in any form, or under any pretence
"sgc Andbe it further enacted, That alllaws, and parts
of laws, inconsistent with this act, be, and the same are hereby,
repealed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Medill's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. HUNT then offered his substitute, which
was copied into yesterday's proceedings as an
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Gwin; but,
on taking the question, it was negatived.
Mr. WILLIAMS.of Connecticut then offered, as
an amendment to the amendment of Mr. Gwin, a
proviso, that the mileage of members of Congress
shall be estimated by ihe shortest mail route, or
according U> the Post Office book of distances, from
the places of their residence to the seat of Govern-
ment; but the amendment was rejected.
The question was then taken on Mr. G win's
amendment; and it was also rejected.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill.
Mr. BOTTS moved to strike out the enacting
clause.
Mr. ARNOLD insisted upon his motion, and
thai the gentleman from Virginia bad not the floor
to make his motion.
Mr. BOTTS said that he would not imist on
his motion; bat would move to amend iho motion
of die gentleman from Tennessee, so as to re«d that
the committee rise, and report the bill lo the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut then renewed
his amendment as to the mode of computing
the mileage of members of Congress, as an original
amendment. It ^as read as follows:
"And that the mileage, in all eases, shall be estimated or com-
puted by the shortest mail loute, according to the Po^t Office
hook of distances, from the seat of Government to the post of
fice nearest (he lesidence of each Senator, Representative, or
Delegate; and thatthe same rule, in computing all distances,
shall apply to all other persons to whom travel 0, or maybe,
allowed."
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL moved lo amend the
amendment, so as lo make ihe same mode of com.
puling mileage apply to all persons receiving mile-
age from the Government.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut accepted the
amendment as a modification of that offered by
him; and the amendment was adopied.
Mr. ARNOLD asked how the Chair had got rid
of his motion that the committee rise?
The CHAIR said that it had been superseded
by amendments subsequently offered.
Mr. McKAY proposed to amend, by striking
out that part which related to the compensation of
members, and inserting a substitute which he had
prepaied, which was understood, in effect, to be a
section to repeal all laws on tbe subject of compen-
sation, leaving the next Congress to fix the sum
for ihemseiveg.
The amendment was not adopted.
Mr. SOTTd then moved to amend the motion of
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Arntold.J
that the commiitee rise and report the bill io me
House, by the addition of instructions that the bill
be rejected.
T;l!ers were then called for, antJ. Mr. M. A.
Ce-cPSR and Mr. Hooston were appointed; and
they reported 3S in the affirmative; the negative
was noi taken.
'i"h£ amendment was not adopted.
Mr. SOFTS said he was desirous to see how
many members expected to come back to the nt.\S
Congress.
Mr, MATHIOT inquired if the 38 gentlemen
expeced to come back?
Mr. BOTTS was understood tf> say that he sup-
posed they did.
The committee then rose and reported the bill !o
the House.
Mr. FILLMORE fnoved to amend an amend-
ment of thf. committee, by changing the compensa-
tion for mileage from $4 to $6; and on this he
moved the previous question, so that the House
might get to olher business.
Mr. BARNARD at-ked if that was in order.
The SPEAKER (amidst much confusion) was
understood to say it was.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked if it was not in
order to move to print the bill, wiihall its amend-
ments.
The SPEAKER said it could only be done by
general consent.
Mr. CUSH1NG moved that the biil be laid en
the table, and on that he called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr, SMITH again inquired if there was no way
by which they could get the bill and all its amend-
mgnts printed, so that the House might know
what it was. [Cries of "No, no."]
The SPEAKE-i replied, that it could only be
done by g# eral eoasent.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia urged-the necessity of
printing the bill and its amendments, that they
might act onderslanditigly.
ihe SPEAKER said, if tbe moiioa to lay the
bill on the table should be rejected, the bill might
be postponed and printed by a vo'e of the House.
The yeas and nays were then ordered and taken
on the moiion to lay the bill on the table, and it
was rejected—yeas 42, nays 167, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Landaff W. Andrews, Barnard, Barton,
lilaek, Botts, Bowne; Bronson, William Butler, John Camp'
bell, Clinton, Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Cross, Cushiag, Fes.
senden, Howard, Hunt, W. W. Irwin, John P. Kennedy, Lane,
Lowell, Robert fticClellan, Thomas F. Marshall, Oliver, Pearce,
Pickens, Alexander Randall^ Randolph, Saltonstall, Alexander
If. H. Stuart, Taliaferro, ft. W. Thompson, Tillmehast, To-
land, Van Buren, Ward, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Wmthrop, Wise, Wood, and John Young—42.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, S J. Andrews, Arnold, Arring-
ton, Atherton, Babcock, Baker, Beeson, Bidlack, Birdseye,
Blaii, JBoardman, Brewster, Brig?s, Brockway, Aaron V.
Brown, MiUon Brown, Charles Brown, Jeremiah Brown,
Burke, Wm, O. Butler, Green W. Caldwell, Calhoun, Wil-
liam B. Campbell, Thomaf J. Campbell, Caruthers, Casey,
Chapman, Childs, Chittenden, J. C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
Clifford, Coles, Cowen, Cravena, Crawford, Daniel, Garrett
Davis, Richard D. Davis, Dean, Deberry, Doig, Eastman,
John C. Edwards, E?beit, Ererett, Ferris, Fillmore, John G.
Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fomance, A. h. Foster, Gamble,
Ca<es,Geury, Gerry, Gilmer, Goegin, P. G, Goode, WilliamO.
Goode, Goidon, Graham, Granger, Green, Gwin, Hall, Hal-
stcd, Harris, Hastings, Hay*, Henry, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck,
Houston, FTubard, Hudson, Hunter, Charles J Ingersoll, Joseph
K. It)ger«oll, James Irvm, Jack, Cave Johnson, John W.
Jones, Isaac D. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, King, Lewis,
Linn, Littlefield, Abraham McCiellnn, McKay, McKennac,
McKeon, Matlory, Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Samson Mason,
J hn Thomson Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, Max-
well, Maynard, MediiJ, Meriwether, Mitcbeli, Moore, Morgan,
Morns, Morrow, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Parraenter,
Pariridge, Pendleton, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Ben-
jamin Randall. Rayner, Reding, Renchtr, Reynolds, Ridg*
way, Rodney, Rogers, Roosevelt, William Russell, James M.
Russell, Sanloid, Saunders, Sew ell, Shepperd, Shields, Blade,
Truman Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Steenrod, Stokely, Stratton,
John T Smart, Summers, Swpney, Jacob Thompson, Trip-
Mt, Trotti. Trumbull, Turney, Underwood. Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Warren, Washington, Weller, Westbrook, Thomas
W Wiilidins, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
Yorke, and Augustus Young—167.
The question then recurred on seconding the
demand tor ihe previous question, and there was a
second. The main question was oidered to be
put, and the question was then taken on the
amendment of Mr. FiLLMORE, by yeas and nays, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arnold, Aycrigg, Black, Bowne, Aaron V.
Brown, Milton Brown, Wm. Butler, William O. Butler, Wil-
liam B.Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Chapman, Childs,Col*
quitt, Cravens, Crawford, Cross, Cushing,Garteu Davis,Doig,
Everett, Fillmore, Gamble, Gentry, Houston, Howard, Charles
J. Ingeisoll, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Cave Johnson, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Lewis, Lowell, Abraham McCtellan, Samson Mason,
Maxwell, Meriwether, Moore, Morrow, Owsley, Payrie, Ran-
dolph, Rencher, Reynolds, Ridgway, James M. Russell, Sprigg,
John T. Stuart, Summers, Tillinghast, Triplett, Turney, Un-
derwood, Wallace, Warien, Washington, Watterson, ChristO'
pher JL Williams, Augustus Young, and John Young—59.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams,-Allen, LandalF W.Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arriogton, Atherton, Babcock, Baker, Bar-
ton, Beeson, Bidiack, Birdseye. Blair, Boardman, Botts, Boyd,
Briggs, Brockway, Bronson, C. Brown, J. Brown, Burke, G. W.
Caldwell, Patrick C. Caldwell, Calhoun, Thomas J. Camp-
bell, Cbittendcn, John C. Clark, Clifford, Clinton, Coles, James
Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Daniel, Richard
D Davis, Dean, Deberry, Eastman, Egbert, Ferris, Fessen-
den, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, A. L.Foster,
Gerry, Giddmgs, Gilmer, Goggm, P. G. Goode, William O.
Goode, Gordon, Graham, Granger, Green, Hall, Haleted, Har-
i is, Hastings, Hays, Henry, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Hubard,
Hudson. William W, Iiwin, Jack, John W.Jones, Isaac D.
Jones. Keim, John P Kennedy, King, Lane, Linn, LittJe-
field, Robert McCieHan, McKay, McKerman, McKeon, Mallory,
Man hand, Alfred Marshall, ThomasF. Marshall, John Thorn-
son Mason, Mathiot, Matthews, Mattocks, Maynard, Medili,
Mitchell, Morgan, Morris, Newhard, Oliver, Osborne, Par-
menter, Partridge, Pearce, Pendleton, Plunierv Pope, Powell,
Se ]amjn ftamlajjj Alexander Randall,
