CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and was tendered necessary, in consequence of the
construction of the department, that they had the
right to withhold the patents for land purchased in
this district, until a new survey of the country
could be had.
The i. HAIR informed the Senator from Indiana
that any discussion was now out of order, as the
bill bad been ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. McROBERTS, on leaTe, introduced a bill
establishing a collection district at Chicago, Illi-
nois; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill for the
relief of Captain J. Throckmorton.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial of Jnan duarre, pray-
ing compensation for property destroyed by the
British in 1814, at Cat Island.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition from
William K. Weston, praying that a bond depos-
ited by him in the War Department, for the per-
formance of a contract wiih that department, may
be returned; which was referred 10 the Judiciary
Committee.
The resolution of Mr. Linn, filing II o'clock,
a. m., as the daily hour for ihe meeting of the
Senate, from and after Saturday next, was taken
up and adopted.
ASSUMPTION OP STATE DEBTS.
The resolutions f-ubmitted by Mr. Rives yester-
day came up for consideration.
Mr. RIVES siated the circumstances under
which these resolutions came up as a substantive
proposition, distinct from the resolutions of the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, and ihe additional reso-
lutions offered by the Senator from Maine, to
which they were intended to be offered a.i an amend-
ment so soon as ihe amendment of the Senator
from New Jersey :-hould have been disposed of one
way or other, had not these oiher propositions
been laid on the table by the vote given yesterday.
But the question of the debts of the States, and the
interference of the General Government on that
subject, having been once brought before the Sen-
ate by the Senator from Maine, he (Mr. Rives)
considered it his duly to present ihese resolutions for
the purpose of obtaining a direct and unequivocal
vote of the Senate. It was of ihe greatest impor-
tance to stt at rest the idea which had got abroad,
that this Government'can have any constituiional
power to saddle itself, in addition to its own de-bts,
with a debt of two hundred millions of dollars, in-
curred by a portion of the States of the Union in
their individual capacitics, and for their own local
purpose?, and in the prosecution of their own local
policy. The very suggestion of such an idea ap-
peared to him so monstrous, and tending so obvi-
ously to a course of policy subversive of every
principle upon which this Union had its existence,
that he considered Congress was bound m duty to
itself, and to the country, to put upon it promptly
and at once ihe seal of its condemnation.
It would not do for gentlemen to deny that any
question of assuming the debts of the States had
been mooted to Congress. If it was not done di-
rectly, and in a substaut.ve form, the way was
paved for the proposition, and in a manner so
plain and obvious, that no one could be left an in-
stant in doubt as to the end to be attained. The
proposition was, at the present moment, before ihe
other branch of Congress, in a direct form, to grant
to the State Governments scrip, based on the pub-
lic lands, for Ihe avowed purpo-e of relieving
them from their indebtedness. The Senator from
Maine, in his resolutions offeree! as amendatory of
the resolutions of the Senator from South Caroli-
na, had in this chamber, but a day or two since,
promulgated the doctrine that it is the duty of
Congress, by every constitntionaland proper means
in its power, by the adoption of measures to re-
store and preserve a currency of uniform value
throughout the United States, by the collection and
disbursement of the public revenue, and the regu-
lation of the administration of the public finances,
and in such way as shall be least burdensome to
the people, &e, to render every practicable aid
and encouragement to the people of the several
States in their efforts to meet their engagements,
and to discharge the obligations into which they
have entered. What did all this mean, if it did
not mean that it was the duty of the General Gov-
ernment to assist the indebted States in the pay-
ment of their debts? Mr, R. here entered at large
into the history of the origin of this suggestion, and
alluded to the recent action of the Legislatures of
two of the indebted States renouncing this idea.
He argued that now was the time to oxtin-
guish all delusive hopes of aid from the General
Government. Let Congress convince the States,
by a decisive and unanimous vole, that nothing of
the kind will be entertained, and they will at once
apply themselves to their own resources for liquida-
ting their indebtedness It was not his intention
to enter at Urge into a discussion of the various
topics bearing upon this subject. He had merely
risen to rxplain his motives in offering these reso-
lutions as a distinct measure, and would conclude
by recommending that the vote be taken on them,
and such amendments as might be offered, with a
desire to avoid discussion as much as possible, and
to express the sense of the Senate at the same
time, promptly and unequivocally, without further
interruption to the. business of the session.
Mr. ALLEN begged the Senator from Virginia
would aecept an amendment which he would send
to the Chair, to come in after the word "States" in
the eighth line of the second resolution.
The amendment was read.
Mr. MERRICK did not see why the Senator
from Virginia, after having stated his views,
should expcct other gentlemen would refrain from
making such exp'anations as might be necessary
in relation to their votes. He would not himself,
for one, yield the right of the Senate to be cate-
chised by a simple yes or no upon each of the
Senator's propositions. All knew his anxiety to
lay aside unprofitable discussion on mere abstrac-
tions leading to no practical result, that the legi'i-
mate business of legislation might be disposed of
within the few diys yet remaining of the se-sion.
But if the gentlemen on the other s;de were deter-
mined to introduce and re-introduce their abstrac-
tions, and to force gentlemen, who preferred going
on with the regular business, to enter into discus-
sion, the responsibility must rest on them—-not on
him (Mr. M.) and his friends. Hejhad no vote
or avowal on the'iubject now brought up to shrink
from. Ha could not conceive why there was such
an overweening anxiety at this time of general
embarrassment—why there was such a cons'ant
effort—such relentless zeal—on thspart of the Gen-
eral Government to join in the out-door and foreign
denunciations of the indebted States; States which
had incurred their responsibilities for the public
good; which had not invoked the interference of
the General Government; and into whose domestic
arrangements the General Government had had
no invitation to obtrude itself. Mr. M. proceeded
at considerable length, and with much excitement,
to deprecate the hue-and-cry raised against the in-
debted States. While he disclaimed and denounced
as impolitic and unwise the assumption of the
State debts by the General Government, he c'aimed
for his own State, as he would for each of the
States, its right to its distributive sliaie of the pub-
lic domain, which, having subserved the purposes
for which it w?s intrusted to the General Govern-
ment, he conieii'-lt'd should now be restored to the
Slater; that they, in their turn, m fht be relieved
from !heir embiriassments when they most needed
them. He concluded by off-ring an amendment,
to come in its proper order, after ihe pending ques-
tion on die moiion to amend should be disposed of:
[For this amendment, see proceedings of Februa-
ry 18 ]
The amendment having been read by Mr. Mer-
rick himself, was, at the request of Mr. CAL-
HOUN, again r?ad by the Secretary of the Senate.
Mr. WOODBURY said he did not rise to de-
bats there resolutions, but to exprsss an earnest
wish that a direct vote would be taken by the Sen-
ate on both the material propositions. An eyasion,
or go by, by postponement, or .laying them on the
table, was derogatory to the deep importancs of
the questions involved. This coure need not lead
to any protracted discussion or delay of the public
busine^. The first question, relating to the as-
sumption of State debts, had been fully argued in
this body on a former occasion. His mind had
been long made np upon it. The State he partly
represented had no doubts in respect to it. It was
his belief that such an assumption was as fatal a
measure in its effects, as a measure formally to
dissolve the Union. It destroyed sll the limitations
between the powers and duties of the Federal Gov-
ernment, and those of the separate States. It was
consolidation, and of the rankest and worst char-
acter, because it was indirect and insidious.
But he wonld not now be tempted into the argu-
ment upon the subject. It' w s proper, however,
to repel suggestions which had recently been thrown
before the public, that such an assumption had be-
fore been made by the General Government. This
was a wretched misconception. It was not tuck
an assumption at the close of the revolutionary
war, or since the late war, of debts incurred by
the States in the prosecution of those glorious
struggles which achieved and maintained our in-
dependence. By that assumption we thsn paid
only our own debts—only what the States had paid
or expended for us in the prosecution of those
wars. We paid—or assumed, if you please—only
debts incurred in prosecuting the wars of the Con-
federation and Union, in objects belonging to the
central and General Government. But all these
debts, the assumption of which was now the sub-
ject of discussion, have been incurred for State ob-
jects; for local purposes; and many even for bank-
ing and other purposes most injudicious and ruin-
ous; and none of them either by the request of
Congress, or under its legislation, or under any
responsibility to its authority.
The other question was connected with the dis-
tribution of the public lands—either directly, or by
an issue of stack founded on them.
The objections to the principles involved in such
a course—whether in reference to the Constitution
oi expediency—had been fully discussed, in recent
session?, in both Houses of Congress. He would
not go into any of them; and he thought the Sen-
a e need not be delayed much, if any, in their dis-
cussion.
But, in the present condition of the finances, to
taik of giving away two or three millions, which
the treasury estimates from the public lands; or to
talk of imposing six millions more on the treasury,
for three per cent, interest on two hundred millions
of stock, seemed to him to be perfect insanity.
The Secretary of the Treasury and (he chairman
of the Committee on Finance both think that,
with all the receipts from the lands, and the use of
near seven millions more of borrowed money, w®
may be barely able to make the ends of this calen-
dar year meet.
Do any gentlemen, under these circumstances,
propose to borrow six millions more?—or to levy
direct taxes for that sum, in order to issue this fa-
mous two hundred millions of stock?
Talk about this stock—for what, sir? To injure
Slate credit, and not strengthen it. This talk dis-
credits the character and means of the States,
which, if let alone, are perfectly competent in time
to redeem their own obligations. We thus inti-
mate that they are unable; while, if we step in, we
also become spendthrift, bankrupt, and all are
discredited together. No, sir. Our conduct is
not, as the Senator supposes, that of a harsh or
hard-hearted parent. On the contrary, the States
are our parents—-we, their children: they created
us, and not we them; and, as children, we should
abid3 by the Constitution, and orders and powers
they have prescribed for us.
Let us, then, speak openly, decidedly, manfully,
on questions so momentous; and set the public
mind, at home and abroad, at rest on this subjfet.
It is due to the occasion, and to the expectations
of the world; and can be accomplished with little
or no loss of time.
Mr. MILLER submitted the following amend-
ment for consideration, that, when in order, it might
be appended to the resolutions:
That, while we disclaim all obligation on the part of the
General Government to assume the debts of the several State?,
thejustice, wisdom, and policy of making distribution of the
