CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in part, upon the public lands. This Government
is now in debt twenty-eight millions; and this is to
add two hundred millions to ihat debt. We have
now a national debt of twenty-eight millions; we
will have this year a further deficit of at least
six millions, even including the sales of the
public lands; and now, when we cannot meet
the existing debt and existing expenditures, we are
asked to add six millions per annum to that debt.
How is this to be paid? The public lands yield
but a million of net revenue; and yet we are asked
to derive from them a net revenue of six millions of
dollars—that is, we must increase six-fold the reve-
nue to be derived from the public lands. The
lands are now sold at $1 25 per acre; and we are
now asked, if this stock is, in fact, to be based on
the public lands, to increase the price six-fold; or,
in other words, to sell them at #7 50 per acre. If,
then, the basing of this stock upon the public lands
be not a mere delusion, you must raise their price
from $1 25 to $7 50 per acre; or, in other words,
that the old States are to pay their debts by increas-
ing six-fold the burdens of the people of the West
and of the new States. The West—the oppressed
and neglected West—the West, where scarcely one
dollar of the public moneys is expended—is to
be burdened with the payment of the debt? of those
States which monopolize all, or nearly all, the ex-
penditures of this Government, by augmenting six-
fold the price of the public lands. This is the re-
sult, if this stock is, in fact, based upon the public
lands. But is it so based? If, with hundreds of
millions of acres of the public lands new subject to
entry, you sell but eight hundred thousand acres
per annum, at $1 25 per acre; how much of
these same lands would yoti sell at $7 50 per
acre? Why, not enough to pay the expenses
of the land system; and, in place of deriving six
millions per annum, you would not receive one dol-
lar of net re enu . How, t"ien, withi ut looking at
the great question of ihe payment of the principal,
are you to pay the six millions of annual interest?
Is it by direct taxation by this Government? How
would this alleviate the burden, unless you made
the tax unequal and unjust, by taxing all Ihe States
to pay the debts of but a part of ihe States? And
if not derived from the public lands, or direct taxa-
tion, what is the only remaining resource? Why,
to derive an additional revenue of six millions per
annum, to meet the interest alone, by increasing the
tariff; and, ultimately, many millions more lo dis-
charge the principal. Can you do it when you
have an existing debt of twenty-eight millions, and
cannot pay the interest of that debt, much less the
principal, and your annual expenditures from the
lands and tariff combined? This, then, is a propo-
sition to banktupt this Government. But, if jou
could grind out of the people an addilional revenue
of six millions per annum, by increasing the lariff,
would it be constitutional, just, or proper? Whai!
tax the people of all the States, and the commerce
and exports of all, to pay the debts of some of the
States! The proposition is one of spoliation and plun-
der. But this proposition of assumption professes to
be based on a horror of repudiation by the States.
And is not this proposition an open and wholesale
repudiation of all their debts by the Stales that are
indebted? If the indebted States, refusing to pay
their own debts, force other States, through the
instrumentality of this Government, to pay those
debts for them, it is repudiation; it is neglecting to
pay themselves, and forcing others to pay for
ihem; it Is repudiation combined with spoliation
and plunder, by a forcible seizure of the property
of others, to discharge obligations they never con-
tracted, and for which they are not liable. But,
independent of this, the proposed assumption com-
mences by repudiating one-half the debt. The
debts of the States bear an interest of five, fix,
and seven per cent, per annum; and for this it is
proposed to substitute an interest of three per cent,
per annum. What is this but repudiating at once
one-half the debt? And yet this double repudiation,
by lorcing some States to pay the debts of others,
and expunging at once one-half the interest, is ad-
vocated by those who profess to have their action
upon a horror of repudiation. But let me assure
the Senator from Maryland that his object can
never be,aecomplished; and it is an ignis faium and
a delusion—a dream tbat can never be real-
ized. Will the new States ever consent that the
d imain within their limits shall be mortgaged to
British banker?, to pay the debts of other States?
Sir, if this is done, what will be the rights of the
new States, in regard to the public lands within
their limits? It is an incident of sovereignty ap-
pertaining to every sovereign State, to tax all
property, and especially all real estate, within
its limits. It matters not who may be the owner—
whether this Government or an individual. Thus
it is that the State of Pennsylvania, for instance,
taxes the very lands held for public purposes, and
owned by the General Government, within the lim-
its of that State; and the tax is collected and paid.
What, then, on the same principle, prevents the
new States from taxing the public lands within
their limits? Nothing but their compact, on their
admission into the Union, not to tax these lands—
a compact which admits the right of taxation, and
obtains its relinquishment on certain conditions.
What are those conditions? Clearly that the pro-
ceeds of the sales of these lands shall con
tinue to be applied—as they always had been—
to carry on the operations of this Govern-
ment. This, in the very nature of things, is the
fundamental condition preeedent on the part of
this Government—the very consideration of the
compact not to lax these lands; and it is a settled
principle of all law, applying to all compacts, of
individuals or sovereignties, that when one party
violates such a condition of the compact on his
part, the other party is absolved, and the compact
annulled. If,-then, you proceed with this assump-
tion based upon the sales of these lands, the new
Siates will have a perfect right, in law and morals,
to tax all the public lands within their limits—and.
they will do it. Besides, the assumption, in the
form proposed, is, in fact, a transfer of these lands
to these British bankers; they would be the real
owners, and we but the trustees; and to tax these
lands, would be to tax their lands, and not yours.
If, then, you will persist m this scheme, so unequal
and unjust, and so clearly unconstitutional, and
can, with British aid, pass such a law, Mr. Walk-
er said he deemed it his duty to declare, in ad-
vance, his determination never to relax Ijis exertions
until the supremacy of the Constitution should be
restored, by the total repeal of the obnoxious
statute. #
Mr. BAGBY addressed the Senate for some
time, but was not distinctly heard m the gallery.
He was understood as having complimented the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Henderson] for
his vote among the twenty-nine who passed the
resolutions, which he had read from the journal,
in 1839-40. He did not, however, consider that
a unanimous vote of the Senate; for, although there
was only a record of the affirmative vote, it was
very well known that many of the gentlemen on
the opposite side then, as now, shrunk from com-
mitting themselves at all; and, with the exception
of some two or three of their party (who, 'ike the
Senator from Mississippi, had the hardihood to
record their names with the twenty-nine,) it was
left to the Democracy to enter their protest, in the
face of the world, against the monstrous supposi-
tion that the question even could be entertained,
without laying the foundation for the dissolution of
the Union. He combated as unfounded the asser-
tion that this was a question not entertained by
the opposite party until lately; and referred to his
own inaugural message, as Governor of Alabama in
1837, in which he denounced the incipient proposi-
tion in such terms as had attracted the notice of a
distinguished editor, who, in commenting on it,
contrasted that message with the messages de-
livered to the Legislatures of thirteen other States,
every one of which had passed over the subject.
He referred to the letter of a celebrated British
banker to General Harrison, when President of the
United States, and asked,—would any British
banker have dared to make such a proposition to
General Jackson or Mr. Yan Buren? But tbat
letter was addressed to a patty in power, which the
writer considered pledged to the views he urged;
and it was followed up by more definite proposi-
tions to the new Secretary of State. British stock-
jobbers and money-changers then undertook to
teach the Government of the United States the line
of political and national morality. Ye', instead of
the rebuke and repulse their temerity deserved,
their letters were kindly received, and they were
courteously answered that they needed no reply.
Could not the very same policy which then perva-
ded the- Cabinet, be detected aa now prevailing
here in relation to these resolutions? It is the very-
same policy: to keep this question ia suspension—
as near the surface as possible—till it takes hold of
the public mind. If no doubt exists as to the power
of Government in this matter, why not come out
at once and avow it? Why conceal any opinion
entertained on the subject? Those who denied the
power, said so fearlessly; and not only denounced
the proposition on constitutional grounds, but as, in
its policy, utterly subversive of the principles of
the Union.
Mr. B. next proceeded to examine the tendency
of the resolution of the Senator from Maine, touch-
ing the indebtedness of the Statei, and the language
in which that Senator had expressed himself, that
no proposition in relation to their condition was to
be brought forward in this Congress. He com-
mented, at considerable length, on the ultimate
issue of the course pursued on the other side, and
contended that any evasion of the direct vote now
demanded would be appreciated as it deserved by
the world.
Mr. ALLEN said he had moved this amendment
because he believed that the resolutions proposed
by the Senator from Virginia, having reference to
the policy ef the assumption of State debts by the
General Government, by means of the issue of
Government stock predicated upon the public
lands, were not sufficiently specific; because they
did not contain a sufficiently explicit negative to
the proposed scheme. And he would here take oc-
casion to say, that he regarded the question involved
in these resolutions as something more than a mere
abstract question, the decision of which would be
of no import—as something more than the vague
abstractions of human reasoning, which could pro-
duce no effect upon human affairs.
Sir, (said Mr. A.,) ihese resolutions, if voted on,
will test the opinion of Senators, acting under the
highest human responsibility, npon a question of
the deepest moment to the whole United States;*
and by that expression of opinion they will be
bound in future, or else they will subject them-
selves to censure by departing from it in their fu-
ture action regarding this project of issuing two
hundred millions of Government stock. If it were
merely a question as to wasting that much of the
public money, it would be one of less importance
than it now is. But it is a quection involving the
power of taxation—that power which is considered
the,supreme power under every form of govern-
ment, and upon which all other powers are predi-
cated. The question here involved is, whether you.
will stretch the powerful arm of this Government
over the several States, and permit it to engulf in
its voracious maw all the taxing power, both na-
tional and State; m other words, it is a question of ex-
punging the State constitutions and Governments
through the agency of taxation. It is the assump-
tion of a power on the part of this Government which
was never contemplated by those who participated
in the formation of the Federal Constitution. An.
abstraction, indeed ! Why, you might say, with
equal propriety, that the declaration of Amer-
ican independence was a mere abstraction; inas-
much as that declaration did not accomplish the
result which it contemplated, but imposed the ne-
cessity of resorting to arms in order to accomplish
it, Was that a mere abstraction? No, sir, it was
ranked with the highest of political acts; yet it was
as much an abstraction as the resolutions before
you. It was the Senator from Maine who intro-
duced this all-exciting topic and at a moment
when Congress is almost at its last gasp—when it
is just about to expire. It was that gentleman who
has thrown this firebrand amongst us—for afire-
brand, I fear, it will be to the whole country. He
spoke with some degree of censure of the resolu-
tions of the gentleman from Missouri. Why, no-
body dreamed two years ago of the assumption
of State debts by the General Government; but now
we find it is openly proclaimed in one branch, of
