<296
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the Government, and advocated in the Legislatures
of several of the States. It was intimated upon this
floor, in the discussion this morning, as being a
question on which the Senate would soon have to
act efficiently and affirmatively. The idea seems
to have travelled with locomotive rapidity. As to
the origin of the idea, no Senator has declared
that it is entirely of British origin. Perhaps it
may not be altogether of British origin; perhaps
it may have" originated by tbe conjunction of the
schemes of meff of both nations. The idea of the
insecurity of American stocks was first started by
British capitalists. And an American citizen, robed
with senatorial purple, was consulted by them as
an attorney, to solve the question. They not only
entertained sem§ doubts as to tbe security of those
slocks, but tbey were looking out earnesty for
other security, in order to render it safe in ihe
bands of the holders. This was anterior lo tbe
last presidential election. And when the idea was
thrown out, it was met by the Democratic party
in the Senate by a negative vote upon tbe resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky, denying the
doctrine of aisump'ion. Frcm that lime, the Dem-
ocratic party stood committed against assumption,
and against British influence in favor of assump-
tion. And from that moment we witnessed the
most diabolical attempts to overthrow the Demo-
cratic power in this country. We found the
country thenceforward agitated by an unseen,
a subterranean element, (or which no one could
account. As soon as the die was cast, and
that party was rendered for the ensuing four
years powerless as to the affairs of the Gov-
ernment, it was then tbat the assumption of State
debts began to be openly proposed by those
through whose agency the English bankers and
capitalists hoped to obtain the accomplishment of
that object, to them so desirable. Then it was that
the counsellor of those bankers, clothed in the
ermine of a Senator, first brought forward the prop-
osition of assumption. And let me tell gentle-
man on the other side, that I, for one, fully expect
to find the same hidden elements, the same secret
agency, entering into the approaching contest for
the government of this country. I fully believe
that English capitalists, who have more than one
bundled millions of property depending, as they
suppose, upon the asccndency of one of the political
pariies in this country over the other; that they,
merchants at they are, and therefore vigilant
when money is at stake, will not permit Ihe same
Democratic party, with the resolutions which they
passtd two years ago still standing upon the record,
to come into power; for, in such a case, the as-
sumption of State debts would be rendered entirely
hopeless. And I now predict, contrary to the
general opinion which prevails upon this subject,
that the influence which is to be rewaidfd by the
assumption of State debts will be at work upon
the public mind, and that it will create the most
severe and terrible struggle at the next presiden-
tial election, that ever endangered th® harmony of
the people of this country. The election will not
pass oif as d'd the last. And though gentlemen on
the other side do not, I am sure, desire such a
state of things, it will not be in tbe power of all
the politicians of the whole country to iavoid or
resist this secret, all-pervading influence, which
two hundred millions of perilled capital can exer-
cise in a country such as ours.
Sir, I have expressed my opinions two or three
times already upon this question of the assumption
of Slate debts. I have spoken as one of ihe repre-
sentatives of a State in debt; and 1 have not spoken
in a whisper, nor have I spokenin jest. I have
spoken earnestly and openly, both here and upon
ihe rostrum, amid the assemblages of the sovereign
people. My sentiments are known. They arc not
new; nor have I been disposed to save myself, by
shrinking from responsibility, as I had every in-
ducement to do, did I entertain a fesr of being
rebuked by the voice of the people of an indebted
State. No, sir. I have fearlessly expressed my
views; and if I have expressed them strongly, it is
because my convictions are strong. And I am
one, at least, who utters nothing but what he be-
lie'ves to be true; and who utters what he so be-
lieves, regardless of all consequences tbat may
result to bimself, individually.
Yes, these resolutions will do much—they will
show 10 the country what are the sentiments of
her, public men. If the gentleman from Maine,
with his standing in this body and before the coun-
try, as one of the leading lights of the Whig party,
would declare it to be his opinion that tbe Govern-
ment possesses no power to pay the debts of the
S'a'es; and that, if we did possess the power, it
would behighly impoliiictodo so;—ifhe would thus
cutoff the hopes of the British capitalists, he would
accomp'ish two important objects. Should his
example be followed by the able men of his party,
he will have accomplished the great object of
turning the attention of the States to the means of
iheir own relief; and he will have accomplished
another important object, namely: warning the
country against the exercise'1 of British influence
upon American politics in the stiuggle of 1844.
Without this, that influence is as natural and
certain as the succession of one day to ano hrr.
And I desire to proclaim it now, that, if the Gov-
ernment do net take a decided and unequivocal
stand upon this question, and say to these scrip
holders, You have nothing to hope for from either
party, be ihe result of the election what it may;—if,
instead of saying this, you continue to stand in an
ambiguous position, this moneyed influence will
be brought to bear—will unquestionably be brought
to bear upon this country, and to contaminate 'he
freedom of our elections. Does any man believe
that the Democracy of this country—the pulsations
of whose patriotic hearts are felt to tbe extremities
of the Union—does any one suppose they will al-
low such a law to remain unrepealed? No, sir;
we give you warning in advance. I do not be-
lieve that it will be in tbe power of the S>--na'e to
do an act which will tend more to establish tbe
honor and credit of this country, and to ward off
ihe ins;dious influences of forei?n capitalists, than
by tbe passage of these resolutions. Believing this,
I shall continue to press upon the Senale the pro-
priety of taking a specific vote.
The question then came up on Mr. Conrad's
motion to postpone the further consideration of the
subject to Tuesday next.
Mr. WALKER renewed his call for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The vote was then takin by yeas and nayi, and
resulted in tte negative—yras 19, nays 22, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Conrad, Gratis, Crittenden, Evans, Graham, Hunting-
ton, Mangum, Mernck, Miller, Morahead, Smith of Indiana,
Spi-ague, and Tallmadgc—19.
IN AYS—Messis. Alien, Baffby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Fulton,Henderson, Kins:, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Phelps,
Rives, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
cox, Wiliiams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22.
The question next came up on the motion to
postpone till to-morrow; which was carried in ihe
affirmative, without a count.
The PRESIDENT pro tem, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, reporting, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 14 h inst., a statement showing
that the receipts from customs for the month of
January was $913,700: ordered to lie on the tabic,
and be pnnled.
Also, laid before tbe Senate a communication
from Ihe Treasury Department, tranfmitting a re-
port from the Commissioner ot Ihe General Land
Office, on the subject of the survej s, &c. of tbe pub-
lic lands in Louisiana; which, on motion by Mr.
EVANS, was refcred to the Committee on tbe
Public Lands.
The hill explanatory of Ihe act in relation to tb.°
land; sold in the Otreensburg (lale Sr. Helen?)
I^nd district, was lead the third lime, and passed.
Several bills from the Rouse were read, arid re-
ferred to appropriate committees; auiorg tbeni
Hou-e bill 548, for ihe reduction of ihe pay t-i
members of Congres", and civil military, and na-
val rflictrs. Oti the question of reference of ihe
rctienebin* bill, some duobt seeming to arise rs to
i'.e appiopriate committee,
Mr. WRIGHT suggested that ihe Committee
on Retrenchment would bo the proper committee.
Mr. BARROW moved its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. WOODBURY moved an amendment, to re-
fer it to the Committee on Retrenchment,
The question was first taken on Mr, Barrow's
motion; and there appeared to be for it, 15; against
it, 12. But a fresh count being demanded, the mo-
tion was negatived—ayes 17, noes 18.
So the bill was referred to, the Committee on Re-
trenchment—ayes 24, noes not counted.
The bill to indemnify Maj. Gen. Andrew Jack-
son lor damages sustained in the discharge of his
official duty, came up in order as in committee of
the whi le, on ihe amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Tnebiil for the relief of the heirs of Madam De
Lusser was read a third time and passed.
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment; which were ordere J.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that it was too late an
hour to commence the consideration of tbe bill.
The Senate was thin, and he suggested the proprie-
ty of its postponement till to-morrow.
Mr. LINN was desirous to press action on the
bill at once. It had been the unfinished business
from day today for some time, and he could not
consent to give it the go-by any longer, or give
other business the precedence over it. He thought
he could occupy the remainder of the day in giving
many reasons why the substitute for the bill, re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, should
not be adopted.
Several suggestions were made as to tbe disposi-
tion of the bill for this day, to which Mr. L. re-
fused to yield; but at last he yielded the floor to
Mr. MOREHEAD, on whose motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 16, 1843.
The journal having been read,
Mr. READ moved to amend it by inserting his
resolution on tbe subject of the tariff, which was
copied in one part of the proceedings of yesterday;
but, on taking the question, tin motion was re-
jected.
On motion of Mr. JOS. R. INGERSOLL, a ver-
bal amendment was made to the journal.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Sulli-
van Green and 80 Oihershipmastersand merchants
of Deer Isle, Maine, praying Congress for an ap-
propriation to improve the navigation of Deer Isle
thoroughfare; which was referred to tbe Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. HENRY DODGE presented a petition,
signed by 110 persons in tbe town of Racine, Ter-
litory of Wisconsin, asking Congress to pass a law
granting.lo the school commissioners of the town
of Racine the power of giving durable leases on
the lands of tuc school section belonging to said
town.
Tb« SPEAKER then stated to the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. J. P. Kennedy] tbat his bill
on the subject of reciprocity treaties was the regu-
lar order of business, and would be called up then,
unless he consented to waive it for an hour, to per-
mit the reception of reports of committees.
Mr. KENNEDY assenting, and by general con-
sen', the standing committees were called on for
i- ports; and the following were made:
LETTERS TO TEXAS.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on tb% Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to authorize
the Postmaster General to require the postage on ^
letters directed to Texas to be paid in advance.
Mr. BRIGGS said that this bdl was reported ir>
consequence of a proposition from the Govern-
ment of Texai for an arrangement on the sub-
ject.
Mr. ADAMS objected to tbe second reading of
'he bill; and ihe question oa printing was put, and
carried.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. BRIGGS, fr ;m the same commitfee, report-
ed, with amendments, the bill from the Senate to
prevent the employment of private expresses upon
the mail routes, and for the prevention of frauds
upon the revenues of the Po't Office Department.
Mr. JOSEPH L. WILLIAMS, from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, reported
a bill for ihe relief of James H. Jenkins.
Mr. W. also presentee: a memorial of the mem-
bers of the b*r of East Tennessee, praying Con
