£02
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
a subject which could be adjudged by aiere techni-
cal rules of law. It should be taken on the broad
principles of patriotism and national honor. The
Senator says that if he had been in General Jack-
son's place, he would not have declared martial
law. But if, in consequence of that resolution,
New Orleans became the prey of a foreign enemy
with a formidable force, fresh with the flash" of vic-
tory from another continent, how would he stand
justified before his conscience and his country?
What excuse would it be for him that the dread of
the Constitution rendered his hands powerless, and
prostrated those energies which bad been conferred
on him for the protection of his country?
Mr. L. then reviewed the conduct of Judge Hall
in flying from the city, instead of remaining to ful-
fil his duties at tbe most critical period of the inva-
sion, and returning to it only when in his power to
do mischief. He further reviewed the circumstan-
ces which justified General Jackson, and concluded
by invoking Senators to suffer the bill to pa s in its
original form, as tjjey must know that ia no other
shape could it be accepted by either General Jack-
son's friends orhim^elf.
Mr. BAGBY remarked, it would be recollected
that, when this question was up last session, he
had refrained from entering into the discussion.
He had two reasons for thus acting; one was, be-
cause he was satisfied then, as now, that there were
gentlemen in that body more competent to do jus-
tice to the question than he was; and the other,
that the position he then occupied was different
from his present position. He had made it a role '
in life never, in any case, op on any occasion, or
under any circumstances, to avail himself of the
popularity of ethers—no matter how dearly earned
or deserved that populanly—to advanee his own
interests. This time he occupicd a different po-
sition in regard to this question—the circumstances
in which he was then placed no longer exist. He
could now express his heartfelt and lively satisfac-
tion that an opportunity was afforded him of
supporting this measure of justice without a pos-
sibility of having his motives misunderstood,
or misconstrued into consideration of popular-
ity. According to a deep and solemn sense of
duly, he thought the bill ought to pass—and pass
in the simple foim in which it was presented
to ihe Senate by the Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Lm .] Whatever might be the course of oiher
gentlemen on this question, as a matter of parly
or policy, no such considerations would enter into
his motives, or govern the vote he should give.
If hi3 voice could be heard, he would ask gentle-
men on the other side [Whig side] not to make
this a party question. The time was almost at
that point when the character and services of that
great man would not be looked upon as party prop-
erty; but when they would be looked upon and es-
teemed as the property of the whols people and
whole country. He applied lo the Senators on
the other side to discard the idea of party manage-
ment and party tactics, in disposing of a question
of this Character; and to act as if they were called
upon to render justice—simple and exact justice—
to a distinguished benefactor of his country; to
look upon it as became every American Sen-
ator, and every American citizen with a patri-
ot heart in his breast. He could tell Sen-
ators on the other side, that, whatever might
„ be the fate of that measure then, there was a
time hastening when there would be an an-
swer to the principles involved in that bill—
the time when the people would be standing round
the grave of the hero, mourning his departure—the
time when the differences on this question, unfor-
tunately engendered by differences of political opin-
ion and parly rancor, will be- entirely erased, and
when his acts will be judged with impartiality. lie
did not consider that the passage of this bill
would add anything to the fame of General
Jackson;—>no, nothing; for, in the language of
another great man, (Jefferson,) he has long since
"filled the measure of his country's glory." lis pas-
sage was not urged for the purpose of adding an-
other wreath to adorn the brow of the patriot and
hero, but that justice should be done him. Party
should not pollute his motives in voting for this
for if the justice asked was for the v#riest
Whig that ever adorned or injured the country, he
would view this case as he now viewed it—he
would pursue the same course as he was about to
pursus on the present occasion. He could not find
itia Ais heart to withhold from this aged, venera-
ble, and revered man, whether Whig or Democrat,
any act of his which would be at all instrumental
in smoothing the declining path of him whose sun
soon must set.
He again called upon the Whigs to discard those
narrow and unworthy views of this question. He
again repeated, that General Jackson did not stand
in need of this measure to add to his fame, for
the measure of his fame was full to overflowing.
Mr. B. after making mjtny beautiful allusions to
ihe character and services of Gen. Jackson, asked
Senators on the other side to discard party con-
siderations in voting on this question, or to come
up ana say whether they would leave to rankle
and fester in the heart of this aged and venerable
hero, to disturb his last moments, the memory of
the injustice done him.
Mr. B. having concluded,
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut obtained the floor,
and wi-bsd to speak before the question was taken;
but yielded ihe floor to
Mr. MOREHEAD, on whose motion
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 17, 1843.
Mr. HASTINGS presented the memorial of 91
farmers of Columbiana county, Ohio, asking Con-
gress to equalize the tariff, and in just reference to
their staples of wool and hides.
Also, the memorial of 69 farmers, of the same
county and State, upon the same subject.
Also, the memorial of 32 farmers, of the same
county and State, upon the same subject.
Also, the memorial of 61 farmers, of the same
county and Stale, upon the same subject.
Also, the memorial of 60 farmers, of tbe same
county and State, upon Ihe same subject.
Also, the memorial of 17 farmers, of the same
county and State, upon the same subject.
Mr. ICEIM presented the petition of George R.
McFarlane and thirty-seven others, of Hollidays-
hnrg, Pennsylvania, praying Congress to relieve
Amos Kendall, late Postmaster General: referred.
Mr. WARD presented the petition of Gilbert
Lyon and others, praying Congress to adopt meas-
ures for removing obstructions from Byrum river.
Mr. GRAHAM asked leave to offer a resolution
of inquiry. It was read and adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs inquire into
tho expediency of appropriating a sum of money sufficient to
pay the Cherokee Indians in North Carolina for spoliations
committed on their property by Government agents, and others,
between the 23d day of May, 1838, (the time fixed for removal
by the treaty of 1835,) and the time when the said Indians actu-
ally removed west of the Mississippi river.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD of Maine presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of that State, in relation
to the military academy at West Point, against any
iurt'ner appropriation for the support of that insti-
tution; and, also, in relation to an alteration in the
laws regulating the Post Ofliee Department; which,
on bis motion, were laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
Mr, BARNARD rose, and inquired whether it
would be in order to go imo Committee of the
Whole on tbe siate of the Union.
The SPEAKER replied that it would.
Mr. BARNARD expressed his intention to move
that the House go into committee after the morning
hour.
Mr. FILLMORE asked leave to report the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill, wnh a view to
have it printed.
Objection was made by Mr. L. W. ANDREWS.
THE STATE DEBTS.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON claimed the floor
upon the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. J. R. Inqersoll] to print 10,000 extra
copies of the majority and minority reports from
the Committee of Ways and Means on the propo-
sition to issue |200,000,000 Government stock to
the States.
| Yarious points of order were raised, all ques-
tioning the right of this subject to take precedence
of all others during the morning hour, and dis-
cussed by Messrs. FILLMORE, SMITH of Vir-
ginia, BRIGGS, WELLER, and J. R. INGER-
SOLL.
The SPEAKER overruled all objections, and
gave the floor to the gentleman from Maryland.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON then addressed
the House up to the conclusion of his hour, ia
commenting on ihe report of the committee, and
advocating his project for the issue of two hundred
millions of Government stock.
Mr. FILLMORE called for the orders of the
day.
Several gentlemen endeavored to get the floor
on the subject which had been discussed by the
gentleman from Maryland; but the Speaker deci-
ded that the morning hour had expired.
THE ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted a resolution to ter-
minate debate at half-past 2 o'clock in Committee
of the Whole, on the amendments of the Senate to
the army appropriation bill; and on this he
moved the previous question.
Mr. WISE inquired if there was any special
order for to-day.
The SPEAKER'S reply was not heard.
Mr. WISE said he would move to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union—
The SPEAKER interrupted him, and reminded
the gentleman from Virginia that the previous
question was pending.
Soms conversation ensued, in which Mr. UN-
DERWOOD, the SPEAKER, Mr. GIDDINGS,
and others took part; the previous question was then
seconded, and the resolution was adopted.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
its-elf into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. J. TOUNG hoped the gentleman from New
York would allow tbe question to be taken on a
private bill (whose title was not stated) which was
on tl$e Speaker's table, and on which the previous
question had been moved.
Mr. FILLMORE could not consent, now that
the time was limited on the army appropriation
bill.
Mr. WISE said he should renew his motion to
take up the exchequer bill.
Mr. FILLMORE begged the gentleman from
Virginia to allow tbe army bill to be first disposed
of, as only two hours remained for its discussion.
After some other conversation, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of tbe Union, (\Ir. A. H. H. Stoart in the
chair,) and took up the army appropriation bill.
The pending question was on the amendment of
the Senate, appropriating $50,000 tor the improve-
ment of the Mississippi, Arkansas, Missouri, and
Ohio rivers, during the half calendar year ending
June 30tb, 1843, and $100,000 for the improve-
ment of the said rivers during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30tb, 1844.
After an ineffectual attempt by Mr. WISE to
have the bill set aside, for the purpose of taking up
the exchequer,
Mr. WELLER addressed the House at consid-
erable length in favor of the appropriation.
Mr. R. W. THOMPSON moved the following
amendment to the amendment of the Senate:
For continuing the improvements of the harbor of Chicago,
Illinois, for the said half calendar .Year, twenty thousand dol-
lars; and for the said fiscal year, sixty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvements of the harbor o! Cleveland,
Ohio, for the said half calendar year, twenty thousand dollars;
and for the said fiscal year, forty thousand dollars.
For completing the improvements of the harbor of Erie,
Pennsylvania, lor the said half calendar year, ten thousand dol-
lars; and lor the said fiscal year, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvements of the harbor of Buffalo,
New York, for the said fiscal year, twenty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvements of the harbor at the mouth
of Genesee river, for the eaid half calendar year, twenty thous-
and dollars; and for the said fiscal year, rweniy-seven thousand
two hundred and forty live dollars and forty-two cents.
For continuing the improvements at Oswego, New Fork, for
the said fiscal year, twenty-seven thousand one hundred and
seventy six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For completing the breakwater at Burlington, Vermont, for
the said half calendar year, twenty thousand dollars; and for
the said fiscal year, thirty thousand dollars.
For continuing the improvement of the navigation of the
Hudson river, above and below Albany, in the State of New
York, one hundred thousand toltas, toboespeaW wwnling
