CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Skss.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1843.
Volume 12" No. SO
Continued from No 19.
perversion of the trusts cohfided to it, but an utter annihilation
of that wholesome and necessary relation between power and
responsibility, which is the vita) principle of all representative
government; that such an arbitrary and unauthorized transfer
of burdens, from those who created, and should alone be respon-
sible for them, to others who are alien alike to their origin and
their benefits, involves so flagrant a violation of the principles
of justice, that it could not but most seiiousty impair the har-
mony, and ultimately jeopard the union of the States; and that
any expectation, therelore, that this Government will at any
time, now or hereafter, assume or provide for the payment of
the debts of the individual Stales, directly or indirectly, is
wholly unwarranted and illusoiy.
Resolved, Thata just sentiment nf respect for the character
of sovereign States, incurring pecuniary obligations by a delib-
erate act of the public will, andasuiemn pledge ol the public
faith through theirconstitutional and appointed organs, (orbi'ls
the apprehension that any of the States of this Union will fail
to call forth their utmost resotuces lor the final ledemption ol
their engagements; preferring cveiy sacufico iw diMionor, and
proud to illustrate that jealous spirit of independence which
, belongs to free republican States, by a stem and strenuous reli-
ance on their own faculties for deliverance fiom their present
temporary embarrassment.
Which Mr. Allen had proposed to amend, by
inserting a/ter the word "State*," in the Dih line
of the second resolution, the following words:
By the appropriation or pledge of any part of its icvenue or
other income; or by the issue, transfer, or pledge of anysto<.k
or other securities; or by the pledge of any part of the public
domain; or by the pledge, appropriation, or diversion, or
deposite of any part of the pioceeos arising from the sales of the
public domain,to such States, or to the holders of the obliga-
tions of such States, or by any other means, direct or indirect.
For the whole of which Mr. Merrick offered
the following as a substitute:
Resolved, That governments aie rightfully Instituted solely
fortho happiness ol the governed; and, consequently, that gov-
ernment is derelict m itsdt^ty, which shall retu&c or neglect (lie
full exertion of irs legitimate powers tor the rebel ofiln uiizons,
whenever evils destructive of men- happiness exist, vvhieh Midi
legitimate exeuion ol the powers of government aa> competent
to remove or alleviate.
Resolved, That evils of the most grave and distressing charac-
ter do now affect a very Jarue poition ol the people ol these
United States, which it is fully wuhm the competency of this
Government greatly to alleviate, if not entncly to icmove, and
from which there is no relief to be exj.ected, unless from the
timely interposition of Government, till alter long and protract-
ed suffering.
Resolved, That the most prominent among these ovil-*, nre
the great disorders ol the cnneucy; the unexampled apprecia-
tion of money, as compared with thepioductsol industry, anil
all kindsofproperty; the ctfnuoquerit destruction of credit, and
paralysis of trade and commerce; the large indebtedness of
many of the States ol the Union; and the pressure ol direct tax-
ation upon their people.
Resolved, That a fair ami equal dtatiibulion among nil the
States of that vast amount ol their common property, the pub-
lic lands, held by this Union, is called lor by the present- ru ees-
sitlfis of many of the States, would be eminently bcinliciitl 10
all, and would greatly piomoto the happiness and welfaieoffhe
whole people.
Resolved, therefore, That it is the duty of the Government
of the United Suites, without fuither delay, to evereihc its un-
questionably constitutional power over this subject, arid to
make such provisions for a distribution ol the public lands, or
a portion ol the value 'hereof, among <d] the Siutes, as will beM,
tend to the relief of both States and the people fiom (he dis-
tresses and embarrassments under which they aie sulTeting.
Mr. BARROW remarked thai he had, m every
instance when a vote was taken to lay this ques-
tion on the table, voted in the affirmative. He had
thus votes), not because of a rie.ire to avoid, indi-
vidually, the responsibility of voting on the ques-
tion; or to save, so far as bi  vote would save, the
party to which hi was attached fiom the responsi-
bility of a direct vote. He proposed from the
first, and he now proposed, that, if such was the
sense of the Senate, a vote should be t:;ken to de-
clare his opinion on the resolutions and various
amendments before the Senate. Ke wished the
matter arrested; becausc, in the first place, he
knew well, and older Senators knew better than he
did, that it was utterly impossible to get a vote of
the Senate on these resolutions—coveting s-j muc-h
ground, and involving so many high consider,ition-;
and so important a principle—wnbr-ut a full and
free discussion. A-, familiar as the question in-
volved might be to older mentions cf that bedy,
yet it was not quite «o familiar to younger mem-
bers, among whera he numbered himself. Senators
knew that there were only twelve days left before
the time fixed by the Constitution for the adjourn-
ment will have arrived. They nil knew ihat their
calendar was loaded with business of a public
and private character; that the public inter-
ests, and the private interests of many of
our citizens, required definite action before the
adjournment. But he would not dwell upon the
xeasons which had prompted him to give the votes
he had given;yet he wished the country to under-
stand that this question of the utmost magnitude
had been pressed upon the consideration of the Sen-
ate, and a vote and decision upon it could not be
rationally and reasonably expected without discus-
sion. And the inevitable consequence of discus-
sion must result in the postponement of all action,
on the part of that body, on all other matters, what-
soevtr their importance. But if he had no such
potent anu powerful reasons for giving his vote ou
laying the subject on the table, he had another
one, which, to his reund, was conclusive. These res-
olutions do not, or could not, give legislativesanction
to anything or any principle; and however willing
Senators were to express their opinions on abstract
principles, it would lead to no definitive result; and
however earnestly Senators may now entertain those
opinions, and however positively they may declare
that they will abide and stand by those opinions,
yet he wonki suggest that it was very possible that
some of the Senators (especially Democratic Sena-
tors w'10 profess to hold to the doctrine of instruc-
tion, and obey the will and wishes of the people)
would have to change their opinions in relation to
the principles of th  resolutions. He asked the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buchanan]—who
has, to his credit and honor, professing the princi-
ple (which Mr! Barrow did not subscribe to) that
Senators were' boand to obey the will and instruc-
tions of the Legislatures of their States,—he asked
that Senator—who, on one occasion, cast a vote in
opposition to the convictions of his own mind, in
obed.ence to the will of his constituency—whether,
if he voted against those resolutions, a case might
not atisc where he would feel it to be
his imperious duty to give a vote adverse
to the principles of those resolutions. If he
should receive instructions from his Legis-
lature to vote in a particular manner up-
on the question o! assuming the State debts,
whether, as a Democratic Senator, he would not
feel it to be his duty to vote for the issuing of scrip
by the Federal Government, for the relief of the
States? And othei Senators on that side (Whig
side) may have occasion to change their opinions.
He presented that view of the question, to show
how unwise it was for Senators to pledge them-
selves to the support of any particular abstract
proposition. But he would dwell no longer on
that branch of the subject. He had no inclination
to consume one moment of the time of the Senate
in the discussion of the resolutions. He had too
much respect for that body, and for himself, to
enter into a discussion of the great principles in-
volved in the resolutions and amendments, with-
out proper investigation; but, being called upon to
vote, it devolved on him, unprepared as he was,
to say a few words in relation to the principles in-
volved in the resolutions. A false issue was pre-
sented to the American people, through the press;
and by a f&w remarks which had been made in the
Senate since the introduction of the resolutions, a
faUe issue was also presented as to the action
which had been proposed m the other House.
The question discussed there, and through the
public journals, was, whether there should be an
issue by the Federal Government ef stock based
upon the public lands, for the relief of the States;
and not, as was represented by the remarks of the
Senaior from Virginia, [Mr. Rites,] as a prop-
osition lor the Federal Government to assume
the debts of the States. Now, he would not stop
to discuss at large the abstract proposition of the
power of the Federal Government to assume the
debts of the States, without reference to the nature
of those debts and the condition of the country,
when the question shall be presented. He asserted
that, if the action of this. Government was sufficient
to settle any constitutional question, the power
of this Government even to assume the debts of
the States has been, by the action of this Govern-
ment, settled affirmatively. Whether the decision
was correct or not—whether the action of Con-
gress was a usurpation of power—was a question
he would not then undertake to discuss; but he
would call the Senate to the case and the occasion.
In 1790, during the administration of General
Washington, Congress did assume the debts of the
States—amounting to more than $31,000,000; and
#4,000,000 of that amount was paid to the State
which the honorable Senator [Mr. Rites] who in-
troduced these resolutions in part represents He
(Mr. B.) knew that Senators on the other side
would say, in reply to this, that that was an as-
sumption of debts contracted by the States during
our revolutionary war, in a struggle which was the
common cause of all. This did not affect at all
the question of the constitutional power of the Gov-
ernment. And this case, as well as that, was
to be settled on grounds of expediency alone; and
it was the expediency ol the measure then, and noth-
ing else, that settled the question. South Carolina
was indebted $3,500,000, and the Government as-
sumed the debt, to that extent, for her. Whether
the exigencies of these States were such now as to
make it expedient to interfere in any manner, was
a question of expediency, and not of constitutiona
power, as he viewed, and as he thought the Sen-
ate would view it, when he presented it in con-
nexion with another subject. He did not wish to
be understood as expressing an opinion^hat the
Government had the power to assume, when the
majority of Congress plfased, whether the debts
were contracted for any and evety purpose. He
would only refer to one other instance of the as-
sumption of debts—not of the States, but of in-"
dividuals—on the part of the Government. The
Government assumed the debt of individuals to
the amount of .£600,000, when the great leader
of the State-rights party was at the head of
the Government. In the treaty of 1802, be-
tween Lord Hawkesbury and Mr. King, the
United States Government agreed to pay .£600,000.
For what purpose, and when? To British merchants,
tor debts due to them by American merchants; not
for debts in aiding in straggles for independence, but
debts due by American citizens to English citizens
when the war broke out. It was a subject of cor-
respondence between these two Governments for a
long time, when this Government finally obligated
itself to pay the debts of those individuals. But, to
pass by that, and come to the grounds in this
matter. He held, in reference to this question,
which was presented to the American people—the
power and duty of the Federal Government to as-
sume, in some form or shape, and to assume them
speedily, to relieve the States, the heavy debts
which were weighing them down—that it was the
duty "of the Government to interfere in some way.
The public domain belonged to the States of this
Confederacy. This was the platform on which he
stood. The question was not whether this Gov-
ernment bad the power to assume the debts of the
States, but whether they ought to be assumed. He
thought it was the duty of Congress, in this time of
pressing need, to come forward and relieve the
States, by appropriating to their use the proceeds of
the public lands; and if it became necessary to an-
ticipate those proceeds by the issue of stock, he
could see no good reason why it should not be
done; but he was inclined to think this would not
be necessary.
Mr. RIVES would merely say, that, whether
other gentlemen might feel themselves called oa to
express their views or not, he did not himself in-
tend to consume a single moment of the time of
the Senate m the discussion of the subject. He
had offered the resolutions with no purpose of inter-
fering with the important business which was al-
ready before the Senate. He thought the proposi-
tions contained in the resolutions were so plain,
that gentlemen would have no difficulty m voting
upon them at once. It, however, gentlemen on
the other side were disposed to debate the question,
he did not wish to be held responsible for the
