CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SOT
to the introduction and discussion of propositions
like this; for, though he did not recollect any occa-
sion on which the Senator had troubled the Senate
with resolutions of this character, he did recollect
a notable instance when,-whatever the effect might
be before the country, or in other quarters, he did
not expect the effect would have been entirely lost
on the Senator from Kentucky himself. What
was the coarse of that gentleman's illustrious pre-
decessor?—and when he said illustrious, he meant
what be said. At the last session, that individual
(Mr. Clay) introduced eleven abstract propositions;
and they occupied the time of this body for five
calendar months; and not only so, but when he
(Mr. Clay) retired from this body, in his valedic-
tory address, he bequeathed those resolutions as a
legacy to the Senate.
Mr. CUITTENDEW made some remark, which
was not distinctly heard; but he was understood to
say that he did not vote for those resolutions.
Mr. BAGBY continued. Perhaps he was mis-
taken; bat he could not be mistaken in this: that
when such doctors disagreed, as some Senators to
whom he had alluded, on subjects like this, it
might be exceedingly difficult for him to decide
correctly. The course of the last session was to
consume five months—even that lime was not
deemed too much then—on abstract propositions.
But now, a short time—even one short day—was
considered as an unreasonable appropriation of
time on a subject like this. And what gave rise
to the discussion of this question on a former day?
Why, they had been told, day after day, session
after session, and from sources without number,
that the credit of a number of these States had be-
come bad; and without some interference of the
General Government—if not to pay the debts of
those States, at least io assist them—the taint of the
credit of the Stales would extend to the Federal
credit.' Now, he did'not wish to say—it would not
be becoming his position there, and his posi-
tion forbade it—that he should renew the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Virginia; but he asked
what those propositions were? How much did
those resolutions contain that was right, and how
much was contained in them that was wrong? If
gentlemen could show him anything in them
that was wrong, he would pledge himself
to go against them. But they merely contained
great and fundamental principles. What were
they? Some of them were, that this Government
had no constitutional power to provide for the pay-
ment of State debts; and that if that power ex-
isted, it would be a dangerous power, and its exer-
cise would be inexpedient in the extreme. That,
he believed, was their substance; and he asked the
Senate if these propositions did not connect them-
selves intimately, deeply—nay, vitally with the
condition of the country, and the position of the
public credit? And if such was the condition of
the credit of the country, what, he asked, was it
the duty of Senators to do? The Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] told them that he
was prepared to record hisl'vote on an enactment,
but he would not act on abstract propositions.
Now, he asked that honorable Senator where was
the difference between expressing an opinion on a
resolution involving great and important princi-
ples, and expressing an opinion on a law in-
volving the same great and important prin-
ciples? It might be said these resolutions came
not within the sphere of their action. Well,
if on the resolutions which he advocated, and which
he believed contained the true thcoryef the Consti-
tution on that subject, and on the vote on the
adoption or the rejection of which he did believe
the perpetuity of cur institutions depended—if, he
said, on questions like this, gentlemen come up and
toe the mark, there must be some reason for it.
And what was the reason? He spoke from the
evidence before him; he took into view all the
discussions on this subject; and he must be per-
mitled to say, with all possible respect for honora-
ble Senators, that there was a disposition mani-
fested, beyond ail doubt, riot to express an opinion
on these resolutions—not because it wasimproper io
do so, but because gentlemen considered it impoli-
tic to do so. Why? Look at the amendment no-
tified by the gentleman from Delaware; and what
was tha"? it came within one inch of the mark.
The gentleman proposed, in the resolution which
affirmed that the General Government had no
constitutional power to interfere and pay the debts
of the States, to substitute the word "obligation"
for "power;" and he talked about legal "obliga-
tions" and moral "obligations," and on that
point they had had many homilies read to them.
Now, v. iih all possible respect for the gentleman
who introduced that amendment, he mu3t be per-
mitted to say that it looked more like political
propagandism than anything else.
He then proceeded to notice the remarks of the
Senator from Louisiana, [M. Barrow,] who had
misunderstood his observations on a previous day.
That honorable Senator had said that those who
were apposed to the assumption of State debts were
so on the ground that they were held by British
bankers and British brokers; and he further said
that there was no difference between their obliga-
tion to American citizens, and British bankers and
brokers. Why, he (Mr. Bagit) said so too; but
that was not the point. He (Mr. Bagby) said
they were under no obligation at all. He would
ask theSenator from Louisiana, then, the question—
whether there was a doubt operating on the public
mind, both at home and abroad, in regard to the
pewer of this Government to assume and pay the
State debtsl And he asked if, according to testi-
mony before them, it was not operating in-
juriously on the public credit? He asked fur-
ther, if it was too much to ask Senators to
remove the donbt which was operating so inju-
riously—not to manufacture opinion, but to remove
erroneous impression. Look at the correspondence
of those British brokers and British bankers with
the President of the United States and his Secretary
of State; and what was the language, and what
was the tenor, of the whole of them? American
stocks must inevitably go down, unless one thing
was done; and what was that? Why, it was said
an assurance must be extended te the foreign hold-
ers of State stocks, or the national credit would
partake of that blight which had cut off all hope
in reference to Slate liabilities. That was a ques-
tion which, in bis (Mr. Bagby's) opinion, called on
them for a decisive and direct opinion respecting
State debts; and not for the purpose of manufac-
turing public opinion. He (Mr. B.) should manu-
facture opinion for no one; he was there to ex-
press his own. He wished to manufacture opin-
ion for no one: he wished to fabricate political capi-
tal for no one; but he wished to remove impres-
sions that their treasury was bankrupt, and their
credit dishonored; and he believed, as he had a
soul to ba saved, that if the American Secretary
had done what he ought to have done—if he had
said to these bankers and brokers that this Govern-
ment had no power over this subject, this Govern-
ment would never have stood in the position in
which it was repiesented to stand at this hour.
After a few other observations, the honorable gen-
tleman took his seat.
Mr. CONRAD observed tbatit was not his inten-
tion to have taken any further part in this discussion;
and he would not now have risen, had not the Sen-
ator from Alabama made allusion to his remarks,
made the other day. Not that he considered there
was anything discourteous m the Senator's allu-
sions, but to set himself and the Senator right upon
some points on which he might be misunderstood.
It was true he had said—but not to the extent sup-
posed by the Senator—that he saw nothing in the
resolutions of the Senator from Virginia, with
so me few exceptions as to phraseology, to which
he would not, on general principles assent.
This, it would be recollected, was said under a
protest that he had not either heard these subjects
discussed in the Senate, or had time to examine
into them himself; and therefore was not prepared
to rxpressany decided opinion—not having, in fact,
had an oppoitunity of making up his mind on the
constitutional principles. But he was now pre-
pared to say, that, having examined into the sub-
ject since these resolutions were last up, he had
satisfied himself that he could not subscribe to the'
resolutions of the Senator from Virginia, without
radical modifications, which would essentially
change their character. The first resolution, i
w' icb he considered merely prefatory, ass>. '> -t
proposition as a fact, which he (Mr. Cokkad) a -
nied to be a fact—that "anothsr of the prominf nt
causes which tend to prolong and increase the
financial embarrassments of the country, and to
retard the ultimate restoration of public and pri-
vate credit, is the uncertainty and suspense thrown
over the policy of this Government, in regard to
the debts of the States, by the agitation of projects
for the virtual assumption of those debts by the
authorities of the Union."
Now, this was what he denied to be the fact.
He knew it was not among the causes of the em-
barrassments of any of the States with which he
was acquainted; for in such States there was no
agitation whatever on the subject. Indeed, he
doubted if it was a subject of agitation in any of
the States at all—except, perhaps, Maryland, and
one or two more. Mr. C. in like manner discuss-
ed the bearings of the several resolutions, and
showed, from the context of the whole, why he
could not subscribe to them. He then replied to
such observations as the Senator from Alabama
had made in reference to his (Mr. C.'s) former re-
marks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN next replied to the re-
marks of the Senator from Alabama, reiterating;
his former declarations as to his sentiments on the
subject of the assumption of the debts of the States.
Mr. McDUFFIE said, in order that the opinions
of every Senator might be distinctly obtained upon
the propositions contained in the resolutions, he
would propose an amendment, which he thought
would naturally-supersede that of the gentleman
from Georgia; as by it was presented the separate
and distinct questions of the constitutionality and
the expediency of the assumption of State debts
by the General Government.
Mr. CONRAD observed that this was the tenth
or twelfth amendment that had been offered.
Mr. McDOFFIE. But this comes to the point.
Mr. CONRAD. It is about as far from the point,
I apprehend, as any of the others. He moved to
postpone the subject to the 1st day of December
next.
Mr. WALKER said he did not know why they
should not be permitted to have the vote as well
upon the resolutions as they stood, as though each
question was presented separately and distinctly.
If the resolutions were considered of no conse-
quence in themselves—if they were a mere irwtum
fulmtn, and would have no influence upon popular
opinion—upon the action of the States in relation
to this matter—why. had gentlemen consumed so,
much time? Why were they desirous of avoiding
a vote, the consequences of which would amount
to nothing? Why were they endeavoring to avoid
a vote, by motions to lay the resolutions on the ta-
ble, and by a motion for postponement? Why avoid
adirect vote, denying or affirming the question of the
constitutionality or expediency, as long as it would
produce no effect? Produce no effect, sir! The Sen-
ate was one of the parties appealed to, to assume the
debts of the States. They could not be assumed
without the co-operation of the Senate; and would
it, then, have no effect, that one of the parties
should declare, in. advance, their belief that this
Government had no constitutional power to assume
those debts? Who ever thought that the Legisla-
tures of the several States possessed the power to
instruct Congress to violate the Constitution? If
they pass the resolution proclaiming that the Gov-
ernment possessed no constitutional power to do
so, instruction would fall impotent. How had
this question been brought there? Were the Dem-
ocratic members of that body to be charged
with consuming the time of the Senate apon this
subject? Certainly not. The resolutions were
brought forward by the friends of assumption—by-
numerous petitions from the people in various
States, calling upon the Government to assume
the debts of the States by the issue of stock. It
bad been brought to their attention by the friends 
not by the opponents—of assumption; and the Sen-
ate had been asked for an expression of its opinion
upon the subject. Was not this parliamentary?
What had been the course adopted heretofore upon
such subjects as this, where petitions had been
presented, and the action of Congress upon it re-
