50*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
quested?- Was it not usually—nay, almost uni-
versally—the practice of that body ta make a re-
spectful reply? He wished an expression of the
judgment of the Senate to be made in this case,
that there might be no misconception in the public
mind in reference to the subject. And he would
say to the Senate, that, by refusing such expression,
they would assuredly occasion repudiation on the
part'of the Legislatures of the States. He hoped
that a direct vote would be taken, believing it, as
he did, of far greater importance than any other
subject which could possibly engage the attention
of Congress.
Mr. CALHOUN said he believed there was no
member of that body who had a greater regard for
the public faith, either of the Stales individually or
united, in this Government; there was no man
more anxious that they should fulfil with fidelity
the engagements they had made, than he was; and
yet he was as strongly—or, perhaps, more strong-
ly;—opposed to this measure than any member of
that body. And if he had no other reason (for he
would not go into the constitutional argument) but
a regard for the interests of the stockholders them-
selves,he would raisehis voice against it. He believed
it -would be doing them infinite injustice. If, by any
possibility, this plan should be adopted, it could not
stand; it would overwhelm the revenue of ths
country. Instead of being a charge upon the pub-
lic lands alone, it would become a charge upon the
customs, which, every one must be aware, were
insufficient to sustain the ordinary expenses of the
Government. To add a burden of six millions
more was preposterous. It involved the alterna-
tive—which he trusted no one would desire—of in-
ternal taxation, or of repudiation on the part of the
General Government.
He was decidedly of opinion that a response
ought to be given to the numerous petitions which
had been presented to them, and to the resolutions of-
fered by the Senator from Maine. They ought to
put upon record % vote declaring that it would be
contrary to every consideration of expediency to
adopt such a measure, in order to let the public
creditors understand the true state of the ques-
tion.
Mr. ARCHER said he was, as decidedly as any
gentleman within that body could be, adverse to
the proposition of assuming, on the part of this
Government, the debts of the States, in whatever
form that proposition might be presented. He had
t>een desirous that an expression of the opinion of
that body should be had upon the question; but it
■was now perfectly evident that every endeavor to
obtain that expression must fail of success, from
the policy which he perceived gentlemen were de-
termined to pursue, in order to prevent a direct
vote upon the proposition. He did not rise for the
purpose of going into the discussion of the ques-
tion; for it was a question, it seemed to him, alto-
gether too large to admit of being properly and
fully discussed during this session, even if the
whole remaining time should be devoted to it.
When this subject was first brought before Con-
gress, he (Mr. A.) confessed he was among the
number of (hose who strongly reprehended (ihough
he was then in the retirement of private life) even
the introduction of the question into the Congress
of the United States. It did not, at that time, even
enter into his conception that it would ever be mat-
ter (as he now found it was likely to become) of
grave deliberation whether it would be politic or
just, on the part of this Government, to assume the
debts of the States.
He was desirous of having a distinct vote upon
th« question now, though he was as adverse as the
Senator from Kentucky had declared himself to be
to the adoption of such a measure; for the matter
was growing far beyond the bounds of an abstrac-
tion, though it might, perhaps, be considered a
demi-abstraction still. He feared that a very
alarming change in public sentiment, in reference
to this subject, was about taking place; and, per-
haps, by the time that Congress should again con-
vene, if it were undetermined now, they would
have it forced upon them the more urgently by rea-
son of the delay. He was very apprehensive that
all resistance to it, even now, would prove vain;
"tout he desiied to include himself among those who,
on the very threshold of this matter, had waged an
undying hostility towards this absurd and unwar-
rantable scheme.
Gentlemen talked of limitations upon the pow-
ers of this Government, and at the same moment
were proposing legislative action by which the as-
sumption of debts to the amount of $300,000,000
was contemplated; and those debts, too, never hav-
ing been subject to the action of this Government
When such a proposition as this could find a rest-
ing place in this, the highest national court of ju-
dicature, it was enough to awaken them to resist-
ance; it was not a time for idle delay. They were
invoked, by the highest considerations of public
policy, to offer at once a determined resistance to
this atrocious measure—for so he regarded it.
But he had ri en simply for the purpese of saying
that, inasmuch as it would be altogether in vain, he
thought, to attempt to get through this labyrinth of
resolution piled upon resolution, be felt constrained
to give way. He would be obliged to forego the at-
tainment of the object which he greatly desired,
namely: to obtain an expression of the opinion of
the Senate upon this question, or else consent to
consume the whole of the remaining time of the
session. He would be constrained to vote, there-
fore—anxious as he was to give a vote directly upon
the question, as well as to express his opinions
upon it—for the postponement.
Mr. CUTHBERT observed that he always re-
garded what was said by the Senator from Ken-
tucky as being entitled to much weight. But when
that gentleman declared that he hoped it would be
impossible that they should te called upon at any
time to give an expression of the opinion of'tbat
body upon a question which v. ould produce such
an effect upon the country as this question must
necessarily produce, he confessed he was not a lit-
tle disappointed. On this sUe of the Chamber (the
Democratic) they understood each other, and the
country understood them. Their opinions in ref-
erence to this question were well known; but it be-
longed to the gentlemen on the other side to solve
the doubts which were resting upon the public
mind in regard to what the action of Congress
would be in reference to it.
Was the Senator from Kentucky (versed, as he
must be, in the Constitution and the laws of this
country) not prepared to decide that ibis Govern-
ment cannot assume the debts contracted by the
States—that this Government cannotlay taxes to be
applied to the purposes of the States? Surely he
was prepared for this declaration; if not, what was
the inference? That the party of which that gen-
tleman was the powerful champion, was unwilling
to lay its principles before the country. Was he
willing to incur a suspicion of this nature? Did
the gentleman hold that we had no right to hold
consultation with the people upon subjects of this
nature? Senators on this side thought differently.
They were ever ready to enter into consultation;
to reason; to argue; to remonstrate; to discuss, and
endeavor to impress those opinions which they be-
lieved to be just.
Mr. CRITTENDEN responded to the Senator
from Greorgia, [Mr. Cothbert,] by again reiter-
ating his sentiments on the subject of assumption,
as stated in his first remarks.
The question then coming up on Mr. Conrad's
motion to postpone the subject to the first Monday
in December next,
Mr. EVANS' called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
Mr. ARCHER asked were the resolutions offer-
ed by the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
McDuffie] now included?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
The motion to postpone was then decided in the
affirmative—yeas 25, nays 29, as follows:
"YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard. Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Morehead, Phelps, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge-25.
'NAY3—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Futton, King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoherta, Rives,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
cox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and young—22.
Mr. McDUFFIE now submitted his resolutions,
as a substantive proposition, as follows:
Resolved^ That the Government of the United States has no
constitutional power to assume the debts contracted by the
States for their own proper purposes, by the issue of stock,
whatever fund may be pledged for the payment of the Interest
or principal.
Resolvedy That it ia inexpedient for this Government thus to
assume the aforesaid debts.
He hoped they would be considered now, and
allowed to go at once to the vote.
Mr. EVANS and others objected.
The resolutions, therefore, lie over one day, under
the rule.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, the Senate then
went into executive session; and, after some tithe
spent therein, adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 18,1843.
Mr. BARTON presented the petition of numerous
citizens of Frederick county, Virginia, praying for
relief to the country, by the issue of stock bafed
upon the proceeds of the sales of the public lands.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN presented the memorial of
William Bell and 642 other citizens of Western
Pennsylvania, (who consider the public domain
as the property of the individual States,) praying
Congress to pass an act for the issue of Govern-
ment stock, on the basis of the public domain.
THE OPERATION OF THE TARIFF ON
FOREIGN TREATIES.
Mr. McKEON offered the following resolution;
and it was adopted:
Resolved^ That the President ofthe United States be request-
ed to communicate to this House (if not incompatible with the
public interest) any correspondence between the representa-
tives of foreign Governments and the Government of the Uni-
ted States in relation to the operation of the present tariff laws
on treaties existing with those foreign Governments.
THE BUSINESS OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. FILLMORE said it had been his intention
to move, tbis morning, that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; but ffe bad been appealed to on all sides
of the House to permit some bills on the Speaker's
table to be this day disposed of; and he would,
therefore, waive the motion which he had intended
to make, so that the bills alluded to could be ta-
ken up and disposed of, and that then the commit-
tees could be called for reperts; but, on Monday
morning, he should move that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. COWEN suggested that, after the disposal
of the business alluded to, the House should take
up a bill on the table for the relief of Amos Ken-
dall; and he gave notice ihat he should move that
the House go into Committee of the Whole on that
bill.
Mr. J.'THOMPSON rose, and called for the or-
ders of the day.
Mr. A. H. H. STUART obtained permission to
bring before the House the state of the Committee
on Naval Affairs; which, being without a quorum,
in consequence of the sickness of several of its
members, it was unable to transact any business.
He, therefore, moved that other gentlemen be ap-
pointed, to give the committee a working quorum,
in the place of those who were unable to attend.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Louisiana, directing the Sen-
ators from that State, and requesting its Represent-
atives, to endeavor to get the Government to assist
that State in removing obstructions in Red river;
and another like resolution, directing and request-
ing their Senators and Representatives to use their
exei tions to have the second regiment of drag'oons,
now in the service of the United States, to be
equipped, mounted, and occupied as at present, at
Fort Jesup,
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL presented additional
documents, relating to the case of John Mcintosh
of Florida.
Mr. TURNEY presented like papers in the same
case.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY, from the Committee on
Commerce, submitted a bill, as an amendment to a
bill transmitted by the Secretary of the Treasury
at the last session of Congress, in relation to
custom-house organization.
