CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S09
THE REMOVAL OF JONATHAN ROBERTS.
The SPEAKER presented to the House an Ex-
ecutive communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 13th February last, respect*
ing the removal of Jonathan Roberts, collector of
Philadelphia, which was as follows:
Treasury Department,
February 16,1843.
Sir: I have the honor to state, in reply to the resolution of the
House of Representatives, adopted on the 13th instant, that no
charges have been preferred to this department against Jona-
than Roberts, late collector of the port of Philadelphia, relative
to his discharge of the duties of said office; that no order, in-
struction, or request, addressed to the said Jonathan Roberto, to
remove or appoint any subordinate officers of the customs at
the port of Philadelphia, is contained on the records of this de-
partment. The only letter on thatsubject, within my knowledge,
oemg.a private note written by me, endorsing one from the
President; copies of neither of which were retained.
I herewith inclose, agreeably to the call contained in the reso-
lution, a copy of the order, or letter, dismissing Mr. Roberts
from the office of collector of said port, (marked A,) and a
copy of a letter from the First Comptroller, (marked B,) which
onatitute all letters and papers in possession of the department,
ceJating to the subject embraced in said resolution.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
W. FORWARD,
Secretary of the Treasury.
To the Hon. John White, Speaker, &c.
A.
Treasury Department,
September 10,1842.
Sir: I am directed by the President to inform you that he has
appointed Thomas S. Smith to be collector of the customs for
the district of Philadelphia, in your place.
I am, very respectfully,
Your obedient servant.
W. FORWARD,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Jonathan Roberts, Esq.,
Late Collector of the Customs, Philadelphia.
B.
Treasury Department,
Comptroller's Office, September 10,1842.
Sir; Thomas S. Smith having been appointed collector of
Philadelphia, you will deliver to him, on application, all the
gublic property in your possession, together with the forms,
ooksof entry, and instructions relating to the duties of the of-
fice, with which you have been furnished by this department;
for all which you will take duplicate receipts, (specifying every
article,) and forward one of them to this office.
Very respectfully,
Your obedient servant,
j. w. mcculloch,
Comptroller.
Jonathan Roberts, Esq.,
Late Collector of Philadelphia.
Mr. TOLAND moved the reference of these
papers to a select committee, with power to send
for persons and papers; and on this he moved the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, the main
question was ordered to be put, and a motion to
Jay the motion to refer on the table was nega-
tived.
Mr. WISE called for a division of the mo-
tion-, and the question was first taken on the mo-
tion to refer, which was carried by a majority of
74 to 61.
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays on the
next branch of the motion; and, being ordered, they
resulted thus—yeas 77, nays 65. The whole mo-
tion was, therefore, agreed to.
REMOVALS FROM OFFICE
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol
lowing communication, which was read:
Treasure Department,
February 16,1843.
Sir: I have the honor to state, in answer to the lesolution of
the House of Representatives adopted on the 13th instant, re-
quiring copics of all or any charges that may be on file in my
office against Cabin Blythe, as collector of the poit of Phila-
delphia, and the names of those who petitioned for his removal,
that no such charges or petitions are contained in the records
of this department.
There are recommendations for the ofiice of collector; but as
they contain neither charges against Mr. Blythe, nor ask foi his
removal, they are not deemed to be within the call of the reso-
lution.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JW. FORWARD,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. John White,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. WISE observed, that as the response of
the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to the
removal of Jonathan Roberts, the successor of
Mr. Blythe, had been referred to a select commit-
tee, with power to send for persons and papers,
he should move the same reference in relation to the
response respecting the removal of Mr. Blythe, but
for the reason that he conceived that the House
had in no capacity whatever, under the Constitu-
tion of the United States, the power to call the
Executive to account for the removal of a public
officer.
Mr. BARNARD called the gentleman to order,
and demanded what was the question before the
House.
Mr. WISE said that he should move to print the
communication from the Treasury Department,
and on that motion he intended to speak. We
have (said he) an authority in the report of the
Committee of Ways and Means on the exchequer
bill; and, in that report, the extraordinary doctrine
was laid down, that the entire Congress of the
United States could not limit the executive power
of removal.
Mr. BARNARD again called Mr. W. to order,
on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. WISE said he had a right to show why
he did not move to refer this communication to a
select committee, and for putsuing a different
course from that taken in the case of Jonathan
Roberts. His remarks were, therefore, unques-
tionably pertinent to the motion before the House.
The two cases were directly parallel. Blythe was
in office as collector of Philadelphia, and was re-
moved from it at the time that Roberts was ap-
pointed, without any imputation on his conduct,
except that he differed in politics from the party
in power. He was removed at the time when, not-
withstanding the par'y that had just got into power
had denounced the party that had gone out, for po-
litical proscription, there were 20,000 hungry
wolves in this city, of the glorious Whig party,
seeking whom they might devour. At that time,
Calvin Blythe was turned out of office, without any
charge whatever being made against him, and
Roberts was put in his place. He did not intend
to ge into the case of Roberts, as it was not the
subject of investigation; but he would remark, that
ihe only blame he attached to the President in rela-
tion to this matter, was, for not removing him
sooner than he did. Whether the case of Blythe
was to be referred to a select committee, with pow-
er to send for persons or papers, or not, would de-
pend on the motion of some other gentleman. He
could not make that motion, for the reason he had
before given; but would leave it to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. C. Beown.J
He could not call on the President of the Uni-
ted States for his reasons for removing men from
office, when, according to the report of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, they could not even
delegate that power to the Senate, which co-oper-
ated in the appointing power. This Committee
of Ways and Means had voted for the reference
of the case of Roberts to a select committee, with
power to send for persons and papers; which was,
in effect, to make the President accountable to
them for this removal, when, according to their re-
port, he was not accountable even to the Senate.
If there was one principle held by the Whigs more
sacred than another, prior to the last elections, it
was that the President of the United States should
not have the power of removal without the con-
currence of the Senate. No one before had ever
held the monstrous doctrine that the House of Rep-
resentatives should have the concurrent power of
removal, and the power to send for persons and
papers, to control the President of the United
States in the exercise of this power. The doctrine
he bad always maintained was, that the Senate,
having a voice in appointments to office, should
also have a voice in removals from office; but that
the House, having no voice in the appointments,
should have none in the removals. He gave gen-
tlemen warning that if they would go into the
question of the removal of Jonathan Roberts, he
should go into the case of the removals of 1,700
postmasters by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Granger,] when he was Postmaster General.
He had ever been opposed to the blind and indis-
criminate removal of political opponents from
office. He believed that one of the evils that was
gnawing into the vitals of our institutions was the
want of permanence in appointments to office;
and if parties were to be permitted to put in their
friends, and put out their enemies, every four years,
the Government must go to wreck for the want of
competent persons to carry it on.
Mr. EVERETT here called Mr. Wise to order
for irrelevancy; and, after a short discussion on
the point of order,
The SPEAKER decided that the gentleman from
Virginia was in order.
Mr. EVERETT appealed, and called for the
previous question; which was seconded by the
House; and, under its operation, the appeal was
overruled.
Mr. WISE then concluded his remarks by say-
ing, that if gentlemen would go into this matter,
tbey must also take up the reign of the "one
month," as well as any succeeding period since
the political death of Mr. Van Buren. The very
time when they were protesting to the people of
this nation that they were against proscription, the
Whig party made the greatest number of remo-
vals—thus showing to the world that they were
hypocrites and knaves.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN rose and moved that
the communication be referred to the select com-
mittee, with instructions ta inquire whether Jona-
than Roberts took any part in the removal of Cal-
vin Blythe, and what that part was. He made
this motion, for the purpose of enabling him to say
a few words to the House.
Mr. TOLAND said he had no objection to any
inquiries being instituted.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON wished to know
whether the morning hour was now going on.
The SPEAKER said it was.
Mr, C. BROWN said the communication was
such as every one expected to see. There were no
charges against Calvin Blythe. Indeed, none could
have been made against a ma  who preserved such
an unblemished reputation, after a life of forty.five
years, twenty of which had been spent in the service
of his State, and 011 the battle-fields of his country.
In Ihe post of Secretary of State, judge of one of
the State courts, and a public officer in various sit-
uations, he always bore and sustained a character
of unimpeachable integrity. Appointed collector
of the port of Philadelphia but a short time before
the close of the late Administration, he had not
been in office more than one year before he was
removed, without a taint, or a suspicion, or a,
charge of any sort. Such was the history, in a few
words, of Calvin Blythe. How different that of
his successor! Jonathan Roberts was put in office
to serve the basest purposes—to be the instrument
of carrying out the political and personal schemes
of bad men. It is upon the record given to the
world by Mr. Roberts himself, that he took the
office upon the conditions that he should turn out
faithful officers, and put in their places the profli-
gate and corrupt. No sooner was he installed in.
office, than every inspector and watchman in the
custom-house was removed, without a man at
sunrise the next day to tell the tale that he was
still in office. In the letter of the President an-
nouncing the appointment, he tells Mr. Roberts
that he is expected to appoint such men as Bela
Badger and J. Washington Tyson should name to
fym;—nay, worse than that—such men as they
had promised office to before they were appointed,
and, no doubt, as the price of personal services to
them in aiding them to get office from the Presi-
dent, or for corrupt services for pipe-laying for
the Whig party to achieve its victory ot 1840.
And who were Bela Badser and J. Washington
Tyson, that they should dictate to the Treasury
Department, or the collector of Philadelphia, who
should be the officers of its customs? The gentle-
man from Philadelphia [Mr. Tound] would not
deny that Mr. Roberts had carried out to
the letter the instructions of the President, and
had appointed to office the friends and associates of
Badger and Tyson. And such appointments! Of all
the vile and the worthless in Philadelphia, some of
them were the very worst. Instead of the custom-
house, they were more fit for the penitentiary 
loafers, pipe-layers, and pardoned convicts we 3
among them. Whig meetings were held to de-
nounce and repudiate them. Whig newspapers
utterly condemned them. The whole city felt a
shock at the desecration of one of its public in-
stitutions fey the vile character of those placed in
