CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
311
Mr. J. C. CLARK moved the previous question;
which was sustained by the House.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the bill be laid on
the table: rejected—ayes 59, noes 75.
Mr. STANLY asked for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill; which were ordered.
The bill was rejected—yeas 72, nays 75.
SAM WELLER.
Mr. TOMLINSON appealed to the House to
take up the bill for .the relief of Sam Weller.
After objections made in several quarters, but
subsequently withdrawn, the House agreed to take
up the bill.
It was then read a third time, and passed.
Attempts were then made by Mr. COWEN to
take up the private calendar; by Mr. McKEN-
N AN, to take up Territorial business; and by Mr.
UNDERWOOD, to take up District business.
After some debate, a motion by Mr. McKEN-
NAN, that the Territorial and District of Colum-
bia bills on the Speaker's table be taken up, with a
view to their passage, prevailed.
THE TERRITORIES AND THE DISTRICT.
A bill making an appropriation for the improve-
ment of the public buildings in Florida, was read
a third time, and passed.
A bill to provide for the erection of a marine
hospital at Key West, Florida, came up with an
amendment from the Committee of the Whole.
The amendment declares that the sum of $10,000
shall be applied to the erection and jimshinp: of the
hospital.
It was agreed to, and the bill read a third time,
and passed.
The bill making appropriations for the repair
and improvement of certain roads and other high-
ways in the Territory of Florida, was, after being
ordered to be engrossed, read the third time; and,
on the question "Shall the bill pass?" it was deci-
ded in the negative.
So the bill was rejected.
The bill for the protection of the commerce of
the western shores of Lake Michigan was taken
«p.
Mr. HALSTED moved to amend it, by striking
out all the appropriations, except for the harbor of
Milwaukie and for the light-house.
Mr. H. DODGE earnestly appealed to the House
not to strike out the appropriations for Racine and
Lockport, which he said were in the bill of the last
session. He hoped they would now be retained.
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was rejected; and, the bill having been ordered to
be engrossed, was read the third time, and passed
—yeas 84, nays 55.
TBe bill to authorize the election of oflicers in
the Territory of Wisconsin, was also read lhe third
time, and passed.
The bill making appropriations for certain roads,
and for the survey of a canal rouie in the Territo-
ry of Iowa, was taken up; and, after some re-
.marks from Mr. SPRIGG in opposition to the
bill, and from Mr. A. C. DODGE in its favor,
Under the operation of the previous question,
the amendment pending was concurred in, and the
bill was ordeied to be engrorsed let a third read-
ing.
On the question of the passage of the bill,
Mr. SPRIGG called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and then,
On motion of Mr. ARNOLD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE
Monday, February 20, 1843.
The PRESIDENT [fro km, laid befoio the Sen-
ate a communication from the War Department,
reporting, in compliance with the 5th section of
the act of 3d March, 1809, a statement from the
Second Audiior of the Treasury, showing the ex-
penditures made in the ye^r 1842 out of the ap-
propriations madu for the contingent expenses for
the military establishment; which, on motion of
Mr. EVANS, was ordered to lie on the tabl.*.
Mr. EVANS presented a memorial from citi-
zens of the State of Maine, praying protection, by
a specific duty, on imported lumber; which was
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. STURGEON presented a joint resolution
adopted by the Legislature of Pennsylvania, in-
structing their Senators and requesting their Rep-
resentatives to urge the passage of a law revising
the act of 1838, granting a pension for five years
to the widows of officers and soldiers of the revo-
lutionary war; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. BATES presented a petition from the West-
ern Railroad Company, praying an extension of
the time for laying down railroad iron which may
be imported free of duty before the 2d of March;
which was read, and referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CHOATE presented a petition from Hall
Jackson Kelly, asking the United States to grant
him the privilege to purchase a tract of land in the
Oregon Territory, for the purpose of colonization,
on reasonable terms; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
merchants and traders of the city of Philadelphia,
asking Congress to modify the provisions of the
tariff, so as to allow a drawback on exports of do-
mestic spirits, equal to the duty on the foreign prod-
uce from which it is distilled; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of Gilbert
Buckingham, and 225 others, citizens of Henry
and Whiteside counties, in the State of Illinois,
praying for the establishment of a tri-weekly mail-
route from Peoria, by way of Mount Hawley, in
Peoria county, Wyoming and Toulon, in Stark
county, Wethersfieldand Genesee, in Henry coun-
ty, Sharon, and Crandall's ferry, to Albany, in
Whiteside county, so as to intersect the Galena
and Rock Island mail-route at Albany, and the
Dixon and Rock Island mail-route at Crandall's
feny; which, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH ol Indiana, !rom the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House bill entitled "An act in relation to the
exemplification of land patents and other evidences
of title under the act entitled An act to re-or-
ganize the General Land Office:" the amendment
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Penisons,
reported back, without amendment, the bill for the
relief of Anne Jones
Mr. P. remarked, in relation to the bill, that the
applicant claims a pension, by reason of the ser-
vices of her husband during the revolutionary war.
She was not a widow when the act under which
she claimed a pension was passed, which disenti-
tled her to a pension by lhe previous action of
Pension Department; but the department bad, in
relation to the act of August last, given such con-
struction of the pension lawt, as to extend the
rights of pension to those who had become widows
since the passage of the law. The resolution of
the committee was, therefore, that no action of
Congress was necessary in the case. He made
that remark, with a view that the bill be now
acted upon, by indefinitely postponing it, for the
purpose of submitting Ibr matter to the department.
On motion of Mr. PHELPS, the previous or:
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, and indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. PHELPS, for the same reason and pur-
pose, made a similar motion in relation to the
House bills for the relief of Catherine Wilson and
Maria M. Brooks; and, on his motion, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and those bills
were considered, and laid on the table,
Mr. WALKER, submitted the following resolu-
tion, and asked fur its consideration then:
Resolved, That the Secretary ol War be directed to commu-
nicate to the Senate, at the next session of Congress, a plan and
estimates for the improvement of the navigation ol'the Ohio, by
the construction of an enlarged steamboat canal on the Indiana
side of the falls, near Louisville; also, to report what effect would
be produced on the navigation of that river above the falls, by the
removal of the letigc of rocks at that poiot; also, what would be
the expense of enlarging the present C3nal, soaato admit the
largest class ot boats; and what arrangements, if any, can be
made for rendering the said canal toll free, or subject to such
toll only as may be necessary to keep the same in repair.
Mr. EVANS objected to the consideration of I
the resolution then, on the ground that he did not J
see that any funds were at the disposal of the de-
partment for that purpose.
Mr. WALKER was understood to say that no
appropriation of money was necessary. The resolu-
tion was, however, laid on the table till to-morrow,
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee oil
Millitary Affairs, to which had been referred
House bill entitled "An act to provide for the pay-
ment of Iowa militia called into service in Decem-
ber, 1839, to prevent the invasion of that Territory
by the State of Missouri," reported that the commit-
tee did not find sufficient grounds to sanction the
claim, and had instructed him to ask that it be
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject; and,
After a few remarks by Mr. LINN, the ques-
tion of discharging the committee was postponed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the Senate bill for
the relief of Asahel Brainard was taken up as in
committee of the whole; and, there being no
amendment proposed, it was reported to the Senate,
and ordered to be engrossed; which having been
done, it was subsequently read the third time and
passed.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the previous
orders of the day were postponed, and the Senate
proceeded to consider, as in committee of the whole,
the bill for the relief of John Hutchins. Mr.
Walker having explained the bill, and there
being no amendment proposed, it was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. It was subsequently read the third time
and passed.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted a motion to
postpone the previous orders of the day, for the pur-
pose of taking up the bill for the relief of Mrs. Thomp-
son, widow of the late Col. Thompson; but, after
a few remarks from Messrs ALLENand WOOD-
BURY, suggesting that if this bill was taken up, it
wouid interfere with the resolutions of the Senator
Irom South Caro' na, [Mr. McDoffie,] which
were in order durii' =- the morning hour, he with-
drew the motion.
The CHAIR then announced that the fol-
lowing resolutions submitted by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. McDuffie] were in ordar,
viz:
Resolved, That the Government of the United States has no
constitutional power to assume the debts contracted by the
States for their own proper- purposes, by the issue of stock,
whatever fund may be pledged for the payment of the inter-
est or principal.
Resolved, That it is inexpedient for this Government thus to
assume the aforesaid debts.
Mr. McDUFPIE said it was not his intention,
when he submitted these resolutions, to utter a single
sentence to enforce favorable action upon ihem;
but, as he had a very few ideas to express on the
subject, and the Senate beiDg very thin, he would
avail himself of a few moments of its time to ex-
press his views on the spirit of those resolutions.
Had the Congress of the United States the power
to execute the object to which the resolutif ns re-
late? That was lhe first and most important
question; and, in regard to that question, he con-
fessed he was surprised at the remarks which fell
from the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] on the other side of the Senate, on Saturday,
when the practical interrogatory was as to the con-
stitutional power of Congress to execute this meas.
ure. That Senator, after having disclaimed tha
there was any ebligation on this Government to
discharge the debts of the States, went on to say
that there was no provision in the Constitution
which prohibited an exercise, by Congress, of pow-
er over the matter, in some form or other. He
(Mr. McD.) confessed that he was surprised to hear
that remark, particularly as coming from the hon-
orable Senator from Kentucky, who, he was sure,
was brought up at the time when those admirable
constitutional doctrines emanated from the State of
Kentucky in 1800. He (Mr McD.) was sure that
the Congress of the United States was prohibited
from exercising the power; and were they to be
called upon to assume the exercise of that power,
because it was not prohibited by the Constitution?
Mr. CRITTENDEN interrupted the Senator
_ from South Carolina, and explained his former re-
marks to which he (Mr. McD.) had alluded. What
