CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31®
after the recent expression-of opinion on the part of
the Senate—that foreigners would take this stock
upon any condition whatever. The debts of the
States, he solemnly believed, would, eventually, be
strictly redeemed. An idea, no doubt, prevailed
throughout the country that these debts were never
to be paid—that the interest only was to be provi-
ded for; but it was a mistaken idea. These bonds—
for which some of the States would not receive
more than fifty dollars in the hundred—would have
to be redeemed by ouf immediate posterity. Upon
them would fall the whole burden of paying the
$200 000,000, independently of the current expense
of 06,000,000 per annum, by way of interest. Was
there any sound policy in this? that our immediate
descendants should be thus burdened with an enor-
mous and overwhelming amount of taxation—
transcending, as he said before, nearly two to one,
the debt incurred by this Government during the
late war with Great Britain? Nothing, in his opin-
ion, could be more unwise, if they had even an un-
questionable right to exercise the power. Nothing
could be more unjust to many parts of the Union.
Nothing could be more monstrously unjust to the
unindebted States.
But, as he believed the Senate was now full,
and prepared So vote, he had rie disposition to press
the argument further. He, however, felt it to be
his solemn duly, before he sat down, to make a
declaration, by which he was prepared to stand or
fall; and he hoped that every Senator who enter-
tained, with him, a desire that the creditors of the
States—the holders of State stocks in Europe—
. might not be deceived, would be prepared to make
a similar declaration. It was his solemn opinion
that this Government had no power to issue stock
for any such purpose as that indicated in the reso-
lution. He solemnly believed that the paper which
contained a promise to pay $200,000,000, on the
faith of this Government, on behalf of the States,
wonld not be worth the paper on which the lesolu-
tion was written—constitutionally. He should not
hold himself any more bound by it than he would
to pay a forged note. And, if the stock should ev-
er be issued—if there should ever be, accidentally,
a party in power, in this country, by whom such
stock would be issued,—he pledged himself to make
war against it to the last extremity, whether in Con-
gress or out of it. And, whether it might be called
nullification, or repudiation, or by whatsoever
name of odium his opponents might choose to des-
ignate bis conduct, he would persevere in his re-
sistance to what he conceived to be an unconstim-
tional exercise of power. And, in every form in
which his vote could have effect or influence, he
would resist the enforcement of any and all such
claims upon the Government of the United States.
He made this declaration to the world—holding,
as he did, the faith of the Government conslitulion-
ally pledged to be sacred and inviolable; and if, in
the face of this declaration, State stockholders in
Europe should imagine that their debts would be
better secured by obtaining the pledge of the iaith
of the General Government, they wete at liberty to
make the experiment.
Mr. WALKER wished to submit an amend-
ment, for the purpose of embodying and placing on
record upon the journal of the Senate the opinions
which he had expressed on thus subject when the
former resolutions were under discussion. He not
only wished them to be preserved in a more de-
sirable form, but that the vote of Senators oa them
should be recorded—that it may be perfectly under-
stood by all who now countenance, or shall hereaf-
ter countenance, the destructive and pernicious doc-
trine that such a monstrous proposition as that of
the assumption of the debts of the States by the
General Government could be permitted to stand
unrepealed, should a temporary majority succeed
in enacting it He wished, not only !o announce
in time to the holders of State stocks, and all in-
terested in them, those opinions on behalf of the
Democracy; but to place them on record, together
with the votes pledged to that repeal, that if such
holders of stocks are deluded into any belief that
this Government can have any power to assume
their debts, and become responsible for them, they
may be undeceived;and if they will not be unde-
ceived, they may not have the opportunity of say-
ing that they did not act with their eyes open to
the consequences. He here pledged himself—and
he was sure all of his friends who would vote for
these resolutions would willingly pledge them-
selves—that whenever a temporary majority shall
dare to violate the Constitution by enacting such
a destructive law, he and his friends would un-
tiringly and unceasingly wage war against such
obnoxious law, until they should succeed in ex-
punging it from the statute-book. He submitted
his amendment.
fit was the same as, at a subsequent stage of the
proceedings, became a substantive proposition, in-
dependent of Mr. McDoffie's resolutions, as stated
in their proper place.]
• Mr. McDUFFIE accepted the amendment as a
modification of his resolations.
On the resolutions, as modified, the yeas and
nays were demanded.
Mr. MERRICK expressed his surprise at the
tenacity wnh which the Senators on the other side
held on to their purpose of extorting a vote on a
subject net at all before the Senate. There was
no proposition entertained by any one to assume
the debts of the States.
Mr. WALKER asked if there were not numer-
ous petitions and memorials on the subject sub-
mitted from time to time during the session.
Mr. MERRICK believed there were not any.
Mr. WALKER would beg leave to a«lc the
chairman of the Committee on Finance if a large
number of memorials on the subject had not been
referred to that committee, and if these memorials
were not now awaiting his report?
Mr. EVANS replied that he was not aware of
one calling for the assumption of the debts rf the
States. There were many memorials before the
committee asking for some improvement of the
currency, and for an issue of Government stock to
form a currency; but he did not know of any that
called for the assumption of the State debts.
Mr. WALKER said they certainly called for
the issue of Government stock to relieve the States
from their indebtedness.
Mr. MERRICK continued: If the committee
had made its report, there might be some apology
for introducing the subject in a discussion of that
report. But there was no proposition to justify the
course now taken, after the Senate—by its solemn
and deliberate determination, manifested on two
occasions last week—decided that it would not en ter-
tain the subject this session; that it would not suf-
fer the question to consume, in discussion, the time
necessary to be devoted to the completion of the
practical business of legislation.
Mr. M. then proceeded to state his sentiments
in relation to the subject which the vote was de-
manded upon. He did not understand that any of
the States required the General Government to as-
sume their debts. He understood them as merely
asking for a restoration of the trust which they had
given to the Government for a specific purpose,
long since accomplished. They now ask for the
restoration ef their property, that they may make
u^e of it in whatever way they think best for the
purpose of extricating them from their difficulties.
Mr. M., at great length, .proceeded to argue the
whole question of the distribution of the proceeds
of the public lands and restoration of the public do-
main to the use of the States, as '.he only form of
assumption ivhich, he conceived, was entertained
by those who opposed these resolutions. He con-
tended that the proceeds of the public lands, if the
lands were properly in market, would bring five or
six millions of dollars annually; which wonld en-
able the States to pay the interest of their debts.
Mr. WALKER interposed to say that the
President of the United States had made every pos-
sible effort to bring such lands as were ready into
market this very year; yet they would not yield
one million of dollars.
Mr. MERRICK contended that, on the contrary,
by the operation of the pre-emption laws, the lands
were kept out of market,
Mr. LINN asked if there had not always been
pre-emption laws, and was not the pioportion of
pre-emption rights as large formerly as now?
Mr. MERRICK still con tended that the opera-
tion of these laws was to keep the lands out of
market, and that they differed from old pre-emp-
tion rights, when lands were sold on a credit.
Now, he maintained, where specie is required for
lands, those holding under pre-er ption rights have
as legal a claim as if they had their patents, pro-
vided they paid their dollar and a quarter per acre
when the lands came into market; but they man-
aged, by petitions and applications to the Execu-
tive, to keep the lands out of market, whereby
they obtained an unlimited credit. These pre-
emptioners are, in most instances, voters; and he
contended that it was a most dangerous influence,
which might (he would, not say that it did) be of
most pernicious consequences.
After a very elaborate expression of his views
on the various topics involved in the discussion, he
concluded by offering the following amendments:
Resolved, That most wisely did the fathers of the Republic
in establishing the Constitution of the United States, so frame
that sacred instrument that it should be plain, easily under-
stood, and intelligible to all upon whom it was to operate as a
rule of action; and that it is not competent for any department
Of the Government established by it to enlarge or contract its
true meaning, of which the cituensare, andof seeessity must
be, in the last resort, the exclusivejudges.
Resolved, That it is no part of the assigned duty of the Sen-
ate of the United States to expound the Constitution to the
people; and every such attempt is a departure from its appro-
priate sphere of action, and argues a distrust in the capacity
of the people for self-government, unwarranted alike by our
past history and the present enlightened state of the public
mind.
Resolved, That whilst it is no part of the duty of the Senate
of the United States to expound the Constitution for the people,
it is its most solemn duty to exercise the power intrusted to it
by thatinstrument, m the true spint, and according to the na-
ture of the tiust, lor the promotion of the happiness and wet-
fare of the people.
Resolved, therefore, That the happiness of the people now
requiting it, and full power over the subject being given to
Congress, provision should be made, without further delay, for
the tair and equal distribution, among all the States, of the pro.
ceeds of the public lands, in such manner as will best tend to
lemove or alleviate the evils of direct taxation under which
the people of some of the States are now suffering, and which
threaten soon inevitably to be visited upon other States.
Mr. ALLEN begged leave to ask the SeBator
from Maryland one question: it was, whether the sort
of distribution of the proceeds of the public lands
which he meant, did not involve the proposition to
issue the stock of the General Government for
those, proceeds?
Mr. MERRICK said his proposition was to dis-
tribute to the States the proceeds of the public
lands. He did not want gentlemen to make any
other|issue for him.
Mr. ALLEN asked if the Senator's proposition
camprehendsd the issue of Government stock.
Mr. MERRICK said, no; he bad nothing to do
with the issue of stock.
Mr. McDUFFIE asked the Senator from Mary-
land to suspend his motion to amend, till he (Mr.
Mcl).) made a correction as to the modification he
had accepted.
Mr. MERRICK suspended his motion to amend.
Mr. McDUFFIE then withdrew his acceptance
of the modification offered by the tSenator frem
Mississippi [Mr. Walser.]
Mr. WALKER .withdrew his resolutions as an
amendment-
Mr. Merrick's motion to strike out and amend
being then renewed,
Mr. ALLEN next addressed the Senate. He
commenced by observing that nothing was more
obvious than that there.was a disposition to make
the Federal Government responsible for the debts
of the States. The word assumption was a definite
mot'e of expression. It was a clear mode of avow-
in? the object; and, therefore, the suspicion of the
thing was to be avoided, by avoiding the term. The
public lands—the measure of distributing their pro-
ceeds—was held up as a blind, behind which the
principle of assumption was concealed. The in-
come of the public lands was spread before the peo-
ple as a fund which could be used to relieve them
trom difficulty; when it was taxation alone—the use
of the taxing power of the Federal Government—
which could be resorted to, in order to afford relief.
The first step in the system of relief, he maintained,
was oppression. The grievance under which the
country now labored, was taxation to excess upon
the people, in order to meet the outstanding debts
now due by the States. In order to relieve the peo-
ple, a system was proposed, the first act of which is
to increase the very burdens of taxation under
which the people now groan !
