314
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Let us (said Mr. A.) analyze this thing which
bows down the heads, and hangs so heavily and so
grievously upon the hearts of the people. What Is
it? Debt—debt. "What are the items composing that
debt? These are six in number, and I shall name
themjin their order:
First. The indebtedness of individuals to indi-
viduals.
• Second. The indebtedness of private corporations.
Third. The indebtedness of chartered cities and
towns.
Fourth. The indebtedness of counties.
Fifth. The indebtedness of the Slates.
Sixth. The indebtedness of the Federal Govern-
ment itself.
These, sir, are the six elements which enter into
and make up the sum of indebtedness under which
the people now suffer. Congress has taken the
matter in its own hands, as regards the first class
of debts, by means of the bankrupt, law. Not
daring to put iis hands into the pockets "of the. peo-
ple, and absolutely take away their money, it pass-
ed the bankrupt law, which, by one great stroke,
repudiated the great body of the first description of
debts—those between man and man. It is now
proposed that Congress shall take charge of the re-
maining five items. The same reason which is
■Urged in favor of assuming the S ate debts, is still
better for the assumption of city and county debts.
These city and county debts were all contracted
under express a jthority given by express acts of
the States—all of them authorized by special acts
of the State Legislatures. They were neatly all
contracted for public benefit—to build public edi-
fices, construct roads, and pave the streets of towns.
How would assumption work? The State debts
would be assumed first, and the State? would then be-
come free from debt. But what would become of
the county debts? Would the assumption of State
debts relieve them?
He knew how it was in Ohio, and he presumed
it was so in other States: neatly every town and
county had its debt. Let us see how the system
would work. Would an assumption of State debts
relieve the cities? Certainly not. What, then,
would be the next proposition? The counties
would be applied to, to assume the debts of the
cities. What would the people of a county say,
if application was made to their commissioners to
assume the debts of the city within the borders of
the county? He would put it to the people of his
own county of Ross, in the State of Ohio, to say
whether they would be willing to ass-tame the debt
of the city of Chillicothe? That county, like many
others, was in debt. He spoke of his own State,
in illustrating the positions he had maintained, be-
cause he was more familiar with its localities, and
the facts connected with them. He would ask the
people of that great State what they would think
if they were called on to pay the debts of the
counties?
But to proceed with his argument. What would
be the first proposition after the assumption of the
State debts.? The position of the States would be
that of freedom from debt, whilst the cities and
counties s'ill remained .involved. The States
would, of course, be called on to assume the city
and county debts. And why? Because, the Staies
having assumed these deb's, it would be easy to
roll them all off on the yielding back of the Gen-
eral Government. The sponging and repudiation
of debts would become common, and obligations
between man and man no longer be held sacred.
The other five items of debt to which he referred
would be concentrated in one vast pile, and packed
on the treasury of the Union.
But, he continued, what would the people gain
by these operations? Their situation would be toe
same as that of two Yankees who shut themselves
up in a rootft to trade coats: after trading all day
with each other, they both contended that they had
made $25 apiece. What would the people gain?
Simply a change of the form of taxation. They
would merely be giving the General Government
the power to put its hands into their pockets.
Would the scheme diminish their debts? What
was the Federal Government?—anything else than
the mere breath of the States and the people which
created it? What, he repeated, was this Govern-
ment, but the visible existence of the people in the
States? Now, at this very moment, it is begging
alms at the doors of the people, and crying aloud,
"Feed me, or I'll die!" What next? This same
Federal Government, the moment afterwards, tells
the people of the States, "I will relieve you of
your debts." Hew? By going to their corn cribs,
and taking a part of their crops and their labors, to
pay their debts with it!
The Senator from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] had
alluded to what he said on a former occasion m re-
lation to the ownership of the State stocks. What
he -had maintained was, that debt was burden-
some to a country, according as its interest bad to
be paid at home or transmitted abroad. The for-
eign debts of the States fell little short of $200,-
000,000; and, including the corporation debts, the
whole foreign debt ef this country amounted to
220 or |230,000,000. The heavy pressure in this
country was caused by the fact that the interest on
this immense debt had to be sent abroad—paid as
a tribute to foreign nations, without anything in re-
turn; and, therefore, equivalent to a destruction of
so much property, and a subtraction of so much
from the resources of the country. The State
stocks were now valued at an average rate of about
50 cents in the dollar. Should the General Gov-
ernment, therefore, assume the State debts, and
thereby advance their stock to par, the British capi-
talists would clear $100,000,000 by the operation.
It was in reference to this that he alluded to the fact
that ihe stock was held by British bankers, and its
assumption would result in their benefit. He in-
voked Senators not to hold out to those bankers the
delusion that this Government would ever assume
and become responsible for the dfbts of the States.
He did so for the reason that he did not wish to see
$200,000,000 brought in to tamper with our elec-
tions. Not that he supposed gentlemen here, in the
Senate, desired any such thing; but because he knew
that, in case any inducement was held out to ava-
rice, and especially to English avarice, we should
be prompting the holders of the State stocks to med-
dle with our elections—thus setting an example
which would be dangerous, and which would bring
about the same revolt here, as it ever had done in
past republics. Other free States had been broken
down by the in-coming of foreign influence; and
he wanted no Macedonian Philip to pollute our
soil. There was not an instance of a past repub-
lic—except Rome, which fell by its own weight,
when its centre became too weak—thathad not been
destroyed by one of the parties existing within it,
calling on foreigners to aid them. He defied any
man to point out another instance of a republic
which was not overthrown by the introduction "f
foreign influence. He thought it was the duty of
Senators to stand up and resist the idea that we
were ever to become responsible to foreign capital-
ists for the debts of the States. If ihere should be
any hope left for these foreigners to lean upon, he
doubted not but that they would interfere., where
such a profit was to be made. What would be the
expenditure of $25,000,000 to them, in influencing
our elections, if they could thereby make $100,-
000,000. The British made war upon the oldest
Government in existence about ihe destruction of a
'ship-load of opium. Did anyone suppose they
would stand back when $200,000,000 were at stake?
All the negotiations of England were nothing more
than coun.ing-bouse speculations. As had been re-
marked, her traffic was in empires. Money was
the life of her system; for she could not do without
it. The introduction of English money would be fol-
lowed by the iiitroiuetion of English power, "hat
power she would always inttoduce wherever her
intrigue or her powder could accomplish it.
He might go on and show that the English Gov-
ernment had a direct interest in exciting this ques-
tion of assumption He could show Ihe connexion
of that question with other questions which had
been settled, and some which ought to have been
settled, between this country and England. But he
knew that it was late in the session, and he only
threw out these suggestions in relation to the extent
of the city and county debts, in order that, in con-
sidering the proposition of assumption, the people
might look upon the darkness of the chasm which
■was before them.
Mr. WALKER said he desired to put the coun-
try right upon one question, and that was—who
brought this matter to the consideration of the
Senate? Mr. W. then read one of the petitions
presented to the Senate, requesting Congress to
issue a federal stock of two hundred millions of
dollars, and distribute it among the States, to bear
an interest of three per cent.; the petitioners sta-
ting that the indebted States could exchange this
three per cent, for their own stocks, bearing
six per cent, interest. No one* then, (said Mr. W.,)
could now deny that the question of assumption
was before us, brought here by petitioners request-
ing that assumption, and to which we were bound
to make a response in the affirmative or negative;
and to refuse to do so, is to shrink from the respon-
sibility of the great occasion, and encourage, by our
silence, the advocates of assumption to persevere
until their objects were accomplished. Under
these circumstances, (Mr. W. said,) it was our duty
to announce our opinions upon these petitions; and
if we bad no power to make the assumption, we
were bound to make the declaration, and dispel all
delusive hopes on this subject.
Mr. W. said he thought it our duty to go far-
ther, and announce to the British and other holders
of these bonds, that Congress had no power to as-
sume their piyment; that any such law—this being
a Government of powers limited by the Constitu-
tion—would be a palpable violation of that instru-
ment, and, therefore, utterly null and void; and
that it would be the solemn duty of every friend of
the Constitution to restore its supremacy by the
total repeal of the obnoxious statute. Let us act
fairly, announce these opinions in advance; and
inform these foreign bondholders that assumption
would be a blow most fatal to their interests; that
no such power exists under the Constitution, and
Congress can interpolate no such authority .
And, sir, what would be ths effect, if this Gov-
ernment could and would assume this debt?—a debt
of two hundred millions, an annual interest of six
millions, and at least four millions more as a sink-
ing fund, if we ever intend to pay the principal. A
burden of ten millions per annum was to be im-
posed on this Government, that already has a debt
of twenty-eight millions, now threatening a rapid
augmentation. This, then, is a proposition to
bankrupt, and, by bankrupting, to destroy this Gov-
ernment; it is a proposition to despoil it of the
means of defence—to deprive it of the sinews of
war—by taking away its revenues as a pledge to
foreign stockholders. How can we defend the
country if, with a heavy debt now, and a revenue
already inadequate, we are to apply six or ten mil-
lions per annum in payment of State debts? It is a
proposition to abandon the Constitution, and sub-
vert ihe Government; it is a proposition to disman-
tle our forts, to spike our cannon, to disband our
army, and to sink our navy, to recall our fleets, and
strike down that flag which they now bear in tri-
umph upon every sea. Yes, sir; this is a proposi-
tion to overthrow the Constitution, and strike down
from its ramparts the flag of the Union; and, whilst
that flag was still floating in our view, let us an-
nounce to assumptionists at home and abroad, that
this flag vhall be defended to the last extremity;
and that, if the friends of assumption should strike
down that flag, we will never abandon the contest
until it shall be recaptured, and placed again in tri-
umph upon the ramparts of the Constitution.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. WALKER demanded the yeas and nays
on that motion, which were ordered.
Mr. BERRIEN said he was about to rise to
make the same motion, with the view to enable
him to submit the motion which he gave notice on
Friday la^t of his intention to submit this day—to
proceed to the consideration of .the bankrupt bill.
Mr. WOODBURY suggested whether it would
not be agreeable to the Senator from Georgia to
postpone his purpose till to-morrow.
Mr. BERRIEN desired to say that either course
would be perfectly acceptable to him. All that he
desired was to submit the motion of which he had
given notice.
Mr. ARCHER suggested the propriety of post-
poning the consideration of the bankrupt bill till
