CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
315
to-morrsw, with a view of disposing of the ques-
tion now before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTINGTON hoped the Senator from
New York would persist in his motion. Upon the
course of proceeding on this subject, they had a
practical commentary on the suggestion the other
day to permit this question to be taken without de-
bate. They had already consumed the best part of
three days in this discussion. He then avowed
his astonishment at the remarks of the Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. McDdfpib]—expressing
the opinion that there was no legal obligation, on
the part of this Government, to carry out an act of
Congress plighting its faith to any object, passed by
a temporary majority, which a succeeding Con-
gress, m its opinion, might think unconstitutional.
Mr. TALLMADGE said fee would not make
any remarks in reply to the suggestion thrown out
as to a postponement, because he submitted the
motion to lay on the table, for the purpose of con-
cluding the debate, and putting an end to the whole
question for the session.
The question was then taken on the motion to lay
on the table, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
24, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Cjafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead,
Phelps, Smith of Indiana, Sprague. Tallmadge, White, and
Woodbridge-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Cuthbert. Fulton, Kmg, Linn, McDuffie, McRuberts,
Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young-
Mr. WALKER then submitted the following
resolutions, with the view that they be printed, and
laid on the table till to-morrow, viz:
Resolved, That the assumption of the debts of the States,
contracted by them separately, and for local purposes, would be
a palpable violation of the Constitution of the United States,
a consolidation ot allpowerin the Federal Government, and a
final and total overthrow of the safety ot the States.
Resolved, That Congress having no power to assume such
debts, any act attempting such assumption would be utterly
null and void; that it would not be obligatory upon the States,
nor could the people of the States be lawfully required by Con-
gress to pay the debt so assumed; nor could any taxes imposed
by them for such purposes be collected; and it would be the
duty of a succeeding Congress to restore the supremacy of the
Constituuon, by the entire repeal of the act of assumption.
Mr. CRITTENDEN was understood to make a
question of order whether the resolutions could be
then received.
The CHAIR remarked that it was in order to re-
ceive them, but thsy would have to lay on the ta-
ble till to-morrow.
Mr. TALLMADGE inquired whether it was
then competent to submit a resolution to lay the
resolutions on the table at that time.
The CHAIR replied that the resolutions were al-
ready on the table till to-morrow.
Mr. LINN then called for the unfinished busi-
ness of Saturday; being the bill to indemnify Major
General Andr«w Jackson the fine imposed on him
for conduct in the discharge of his official duty.
THE ARMY BILL.
Mr. EVANS, before proceeding to that-business,
hoped the Senate would take up the army bill,
which had been returned, with an amendment, dis-
agreeing to the amendment of the Senate, allowing
the Secretary of War to appoint ten cadets from
the country at large, one of them to be from the
District of Columbia.
Mr. LINN said he would withdraw his motion
for that purpose, and no other.
Mr. BERRIEN desired merely to say that, to
redeem his pledge to the Senate in relation to the
bankrupt bill, he would resist the motion of the
Senator from Missouri; because it was the general
understanding that the bill to repeal the law would
be taken up to-day.
The motion to take up the army bill was then
agreed to.
Mr. EVANS remarked lhat the amendment to
which the House had disagreed, relative to tbe ap-
pointment of 10 cadets of the country at large, had,
aftera short discussion, met with the unanimous con-
currence of the Senate. The probability was, that
the matter could bs arranged by a committee of
confetence; he therefore hoped that the SeDate would
insist on its amendment, with the view of having a
committee of conference.
Mr. SEVIER said, if he understood the matter,
that now there was more than a full number of
cadets there.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the corps was not
full; and he believed that there were no more there
than this bill would admit of.
Mr. GRAHAM said he would much prefer that
the Senate should recede. It was a very small
matter for which to jeopard the bill. He made the
motion to recede from the amendment of the Sen-
ate. The question was first put on the motion to
insist, and negatived—yeas 19, nays 20. The
motion to recede was then agreed to.
The joint resolution of the Senate for the disfri-
bation of certain copies of the census returns, and
the Compendium of the Sixth Census, which had
been returned from the House with an amendment,
was taken up; and
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the Senate concur in
the amendment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained that the amend-
ment of the House had been made in consequence
of some information received from the State De-
partment since the passage of the resolution by the
Senate.
Mr. KIMG remarked that this resolution au-
thorized the distribution of those books to all such
as received congressional documents. Members of
Congress were entitled to receive congressional doc-
uments. He inquired whether, that being the case,
members of Congress were not, by the terms of the
resolution, entitled to receive copies of the work.
They were new burdened with more copies than
were necessary.
Mr. MOREHEAD replied that such was not
the intenlion of the resolution, nor did he think the
language of the resolution justified such an inter-
pretation.
The amendment of the House was then con-
curred in.
The bill granting a pension to William Mc-
Pherson was read the third time and parsed.
Several bills of the House were then read twice,
and referred to appropriate committees.
Mr. GRAHAM said, since the recession of the
Senate frem the amendment relative to the ten ca-
dets to be appointed from the country at large, he
had been impressed with the belief that it was a
matter of more importance than he first conceived
it to be. He, therefore, moved to reconsider the
vole by which the Senate receded.
Mr. ARCHER then made some remarks. He
said that the bill reduced the whole number of ca-
dets to the reduced number of the congressional dis-
tricts in the United States under the new apportion-
ment. In the propriety of that, he concurred en-
tirely. The number had been reduced from 260 to
226. He did not think that the ten which the pow-
er was proposed to be given to the Secretary of
War to appoint from the country generally, was
too great a number to enable that officer occasion-
ally to appoint the meritorious orphan sons of mili-
tary and naval heroes.
Mr. SEVIER did not think it was worth while to
reconsider the vote, as the provision would last but
one year.
Mr. EVANS replied that the Senator was mis-
taken; the provision would last until it was repeal-
ed. It would take a new law to repeal it.
The question was then put on ihe motion to re-
consider, and carried in the affirmative; and
The question recurring on the motion that the
Senate do insist on its amendment, it was put and
earned in the affirmative—ayes 23, noes not
counted.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, a committee of con-
ference on the bill was appointed by the Chair.
Mr. LINN moved to proceed to the considera-
tion of the unfinished business; being the bill for in-
demnifying General Jackson.
Mr. BERRIEN conceived this day had been set
apart fo' entertaining his motion to proceed with
the consideration of the bill concerning the bankrupt
law.
Mr. LINN thought two hours would suffice to
dispose of the bill to indemnify General Jackson.
He thought it would be best to finish one business
first.
Mr. BERRIEN wished to make good his promise
of calling for the consideration of the bankrupt
qaesiion. He therefore did so; and hoped the Sen-
ate would consent to take op that subject. He
therefore made his promised motion to that ef-
fect.
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Berrien's
motion to postpone all previous orders, and take up
the bill for the repeal of the bankrupt act, with the
amendments reported by the Committtee on the
Judiciary; and resulted in the negative—yeas 20,
nays 22, as follows:
YEAri—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bayard, Berrien, Clayton,
Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Graham, Huntington, Merrick,
Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Smith oilndiana, Sprague, White,
Wilcox, Williams, and Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Bates, Benton, Calhoun,
Choate, Conrad, Cuthbert, Evans, Fulton, Henderson, King,
Linn, Rives, Sevier, Smith-of Connecticut, Sturgeon,Tallmadge,
Tappan, Walker, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—22.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. Linn's motion to proceed with the unfin-
ished business then brought up his bill to indem-
nify Major General Andrew Jackson for damage
sustained in the discharge of his official duty.
It was placed under consideration as in commit-
tee of the whole; the question pending being on the
amendment proposed by '.he Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to strike out the original bill and insert:
That, in consideration of the distinguished military services
of Major General Andrew Jackson in the defence of the city of
New Orleans, and of the desire expressed by sundry citizens
and Legislatures of this Union, in divers petitions and legisla*
tive resolutions submitted to the Congress of the United States,
the fine of one thousand dollars imposed npon Major General
Andrew Jackson by the honorable Dominic A. Hall, be, and
the same is hereby, restored; and that the Secretary of the
Treasury be diiected to pay to Major General Andrew Jackson
the said sum of one thousand dollars, with interest at six per
cent, thereon, from the day of its payment by him, out of any
moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Judiciary Committee also proposed to
change the title of the bill to that of' A bill for the
relief of Major General Andrew Jackson."
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, being entitled to
the floor, proceeded at considerable length, and
with great force of argument, to show that General
Jackson's necessity for declaring martial law at
New Orleans was an imperative duty, which
formed a law in itself, the obligation of which bad
a priority in the natural rights of self-defence, para-
mount to all written laws and constitutions. He
argued that this natural law of self-defence belong-
ed to a community as well as to an individual; and
that General Jackson, the admitted military com-
mander for the defence of the country, was the or-
gan of the community, bound to carry out the self-
defence of the country according tu the same natu-
ral rights which belonged to an individual.
The invasion of a foreign nation, and the pres-
ence of foreign troops, constituted the antagonist
principle of aggression, which made it his duty to
resort to every weapon of self-defence in his power.
It was the territory, property, and liberties of the
people, the creators of the Constitution and the
laws, which were at stake and in peril; and his duty
to preserve and defend them was necessarily due to
the first cause, from which only they emanated.
In preserving the territory, property, and liberty of
the community, he best preserved tbe Constitution
and laws, although for the moment necessarily
compelled to suspend their operations. That he
bad done his duty nobly and well, was evinced by
the universal approbation of a grateful people. To .
restore him, then, this fine, so unjustly imposed,
was but a simple act of justice. These positions
Mr. S. maintained with great ability, and concluded
by exhorting the Senate to pass the original bill,
without appending to.it any qualification.
Mr. DAYTON moved an adjournment.
Mr. LINN hoped not. He merely wished to
advance the bill this evening. Senators who
wished to speak would have full opportunity on
the third reading. If, however, the Senator pressed
his motion to adjourn, he should call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and taken; and
the Senate refused to adjourn—yeas 17, nays 26.
The question then came up on the amendment
of the Commitiee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BERRIEN explained the reasons which had
induced the committee to propose the amendments
they had recommended. Their principal object
