816
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■was to admit of a unanimous vote, by such a
modification ©f phraseology as would carefully
avoid expressing or imputing any reflection upon
either the General or the Judge. He contended
that the inferences drawn by the friends of Gen-
eral Jackson, from the wording of these amend-
ments, were not justified by their meaning. That,
in the first place, the true meaning of the pro-
posed change in the title, "for the relief of Major
General Andrew Jackson," was to relieve him,
not by a gratuity, but from the effects of a judg-
ment of the court pronounced against him; which
judgment he and his friends view as a grievance.
And, in the substitute for the bill offered, the mo-
tives stated for restoring the money were three—not
as a remuneration for his military services, but
ia consideration of three things—his services, the
popular wish, and the express desire of several ef
the State Legislatures. These were honorable
motives, and should be viewed ns such. Having
made his explanations at large, he left the matter
in the hands of (he Senate.
Mr. LINN replied, and showed that, in framing
the title of the original bill, he had merely followed
the precedents which he found in the titles of
other bills for the relief of officers under similar
circumstances. He referred to, and quoted, the pe-
tition of Lieutenant Wells, and the report of the
Committee of the House on his case; also, to the
case of Lieut Stopton. He then(adverted to the con-
dition of things at New Orleans, where the occur-
rence took place, which led to this collision be-
tween General Jackson and Judge Hall; and
asked which was responsible for the safety
and presemiion of the country. The Judge
had fled his post of duty at the critical mo-
ment when it called for his presence and support
against a foreign enemy, and did not return to it till
the critical moment when his interference was cal-
culated to do most mischief. The moment was too
critical for the responsibility to be thrown off by
the commanding general, while an enemy was yet
at hand, threatening conquest, plunder, and devas-
tation. But he (Mr. L.) did not mean to pro-
long the discussion; he merely wished the bill to
be advanced to a third reading this evening, and
hoped the amendments of the Judiciary Committee
would be rejected
Mr. ARCHER thought, as the Senator had ex-
pressed a desire to avoid any expression of opinion
against the Judge, he could have no objection to
the amendments.
Mr. LINN had very serious objections to them.
As to the title, neither General Jackson nor his
friends demanded any "relief" for him. "What
they wanted was the same measure of justice ex-
tended to.other officers. And as to the amendment
to the body of the bill, he could not consent to the
repayment being placed on the grounds of General
Jankson's services in any shapeor form.
Mr. ARCHER, explained why he did not regard
the matter in the same light with the Senator.
Mr. HENDERSON preferred the original bill
to the amendment. A very slight modification of
one or two expressions would satisfy him with
the original bill, and induce him to give it his
support. One was, to modify the title so as to make
it a bill to "reimburse" Major General Andrew
Jackson, &c.; and another modification in oie or
two words in the body of the bill.
Mr. DAYTON expressed his desire to say a
few words on the subject; and to afford an oppor-
tunity for that purpose, movedf&n adjournment.
The yeas and nays were called for and ordered,
and the Sinate refused to adjourn—yeas 19, nays
35.
The yeas and nays on the committee's amend-
ments were then called for, and ordered.
Mr. CONRAD addressed the Senate with the
view of explaining, first, that his opinions had un-
dergone no change since last summer; on the con-
trary, they had been strengthened by subsequent
investigation into the facts and circumstances, j
Another point of explanation was in reference to
General Jackson's letter to the Editor of the Globe,
in which he (Mr. C.) had been placed in the posi-
tion of misrepresenting a fact, that Louallier had
been tried by court-martial for a libel. He had
since cleared up these points, by calling for a copy
of the record of the court-martial, in which it ap-
peared that one of the charges before the court-
martial against Louallier was that of writing and
publishing a libel to incite sedition and mutiny.
He did not make this statement as a charge against
General Jackson, bat to show that, at his age, he
could not rely on his memory. There had, in his
opinion, been no inconsiderable advantage gained
by the discussion of this subject. The authentic
records both of the proceedings of the court and of
the court-martial had been placed in the archives
of Congress, and would remain to do justice to all
parties concerned in them.
Mr. BUCHANAN had very few words to say.
It was with great reluctance he had twice voted
against an adjournment, while the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Datton] desired to address the
Senate upon this question. He should not have
done so, but for his perfect knowledge, that no mat-
ter how the question might be decided to-night, that
gentleman would have precisely the same opportu-
nity to-morrow; and everything he bad to say would
be as relevant then as to-day. His desire was, af-
ter having ^pent so much time upon this bill—look-
ing at the list of orders, and considering that there
were but ten days yet to elapse, to allow the bill to
advance one stage, at least, before they adjounwd.
Suppose the amendment of the Judiciary Commit-
tee be adopted: the friends of the bill would then
oppose its passage? Suppose it were nega-
tived: the question would cme up on the third
reading of the bill, and gentlemen would then have
an opportunity of addressing the Senate? He had
no disposition to curtail debate; far from it.
He voted as he did, only because he knew it would
not deprive the gentleman from New Jersey of auy
privilege. He had not taken up much time in de-
bating this session; and he felt himself constrained
to say that every moment ought now to be devoted
to finish the business upon the calendar. He
hoped, therefore, the vote would now be taken.
Mr. DAYTON said his desire was to address
the Senate on the subject of the amendments; but
if the vote could be taken now, he would waive his
claim to the floor.
Mr. GRAHAM said he was always willing to
vole for the indemnity in such form as would leave
untouched the question of fact whether it was a
matter of duty with General Jackson to declare
martial law. He, therefore, in accordance with
that wish, proposed to amend the original text of
the bill. He proposed to adopt it, with a slight
modicfiation. He wonld not do anything to im-
peach the character of Genera! Jackson, and, at
the same time, nothing that would cast an imputa-
tion on Judge Hall for his conduct on the occasion
alluded to. He proposed (to avoid censure or im-
putation to either party) to strike from the original
bill the words "for official acts in that capacity,"
and to insert the words "an alleged contempt of
court;" so as to make it a bill to indemnify the
fine of #1 000, for an alleged contempt of court.
He proposed also, at the proper time, to amend the
title so as to make it read, "A bill to indemnify
Major General Andrew Jackson;" which, it ap-
peared to him, must be acceptable to all sides
of the Senate. He then submitted the amendment
to strike out the words "official acts in that ca-
pacity" from the original bill, and insert the words
"an alleged contempt of court." If the amend-
ment prevailed, he would vote againit striking out,
as proposed by the J udiciary Committee.
Mr. ARCHER inquired whether he understood
the Chair to give the decision that the first question
did not arise on the amendments proposed by the
Judiciary Committee?
The CHAIR replied that it was competent to
make the original bill, proposed to be stricken out,
as perfect as possible before the question was taken
on the motion to strike out.
Mr. CONRAD was under the impression ihat
when a report was made from a committee, pro-
posing to amend a bul, the usage of the Senate had
been to first take the question on the amendments
of the committee.
The CHAIR said the Senator was mistaken as
to the usages of the body, and explained how it
was competent to amend the original bill; bat if
there was any doubt on the subject, he would " like
to have the opinion of the Senate.
Mr. ARCHER said he would like to have the
opinion of the older members of that body as to the
usages of the Senate.
Mr. KING said there was no necessity for ta-
king the sense of the Senate upon the matter. If
the report of the committee was in favor of striking
out the whole bill, and to insert, it was competent
for the Senate to amend and perfect both the part
proposed to be stricken out, and that which was
proposed to be inserted. Such was not only the
usage of the Senate, but such was the parliament-
ary'law upon the subject.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Mr. Graii^m, and agreed to.
Mr. GRAHAM then said that when the question
came up on the title, he would move t® amend it
by inserting the words he had indicated for the
words of the original title—that was, to insert (he
words '-A bill to indemnify Major General Andrew
Jackson.1'
The question then recurred on the amendment of
the committee—being the substitute (as inserted
above) for the original bill; which question was
taken by yeas and nays, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 16, nays 27, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs: Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Huntington, Mer-
rick, Milter, Morehead, Phelps, and Smith of Indiana—16.
NAYfS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Choate, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King,
tinn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum, Rives, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams^
Woodbury, Wright, and Young—27.
Mr. ARCHER moved to strike out the original
bill, and to substitute in its stead the bill which was
voted down in the Senate at the last session, as
follows: "That there be remitted and refunded to
General Andrew Jackson, out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated, the amount of
a fine and costs imposed upon him by the district
court, of the United States for the district of Louis-
iana, for an alleged contempt of court, with inter-
est at the rate of six per centum per annum; pro-
vided always that this act shall not be construed as
an expression of the opinion of Congress upon any
judicial proceeding or legal question growing out
of the declaration of martial law by General Jack-
son during the defence of New Orleans."
Mr. LINN demanded the yeas and nays on the
amendment proposed; which were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD said he would vote now against
the amendment, as fee intended to vote against a
bill in any form for the restoration of the fine.
The question was then taken, and decided ia the
negative—yeas 17, nays 26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choatc8
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Hunting,
ton, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, and Smith of India-
na—17.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan^
Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King, Linn.
McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Wood,
bury, Wright, and Young—26.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the amendments of the committee of the whole
were concurred in; and the question now being,
Shall the bill be engrossed for a third reading?
Mr. LINN demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD now wished to set himself right
as to the vote he should give. Last session, when
he proposed the substitute which was adopted for
the original bill, he did so from a conciliatory and
kind motive. He wiihed the fine to be restored,
but he also wished, in doing it, to avoid any impu-
tation on the Judgc; and, to effect this, he had so
shaped his amendment as to leave that point un-
touched. Some time after, a letter was published
from General Jackson, in which this kind and con-
ciliatory motive was spoken of in anything but a
reciprocal spirit.
He (Mr. B.) could not, therefore, vote for a re-
newal of that attempt, because it would be still
viewed in the same light by General Jackson; and
he had no wish to press anything not acceptable to
him. Bat, as he could not have the bill modified
so as to be approved by his judgment, he certainly
could not vote for it in a shape in which he con-
ceived it did not fully and justly present the case.
