r
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sit
He was therefore constrained to vote in the neg*
tiveon all the propositions.
Mr. ARCHER suggested to the Senator from
Missouri [Mr, Linn] to withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays, and let the vote on the subject of
the bill be taken without. He thought it would
answer the purpose of that Senator as well to have
the yeas and nays taken on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. LINN yielded to the suggestion; and the
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read
ing in the following form:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the proper accounting officers of the Treasury depart-
ment be, and they are hereby, directed toascertain the amount
of the penalty or damages awarded by the district judge of the
United S tales at New Orleans, in the year eighteen hundred and
fifteen, against Major General Andrew Jackson, then commaud-
ewn-chief of that district, for an alleged contempt of court,
ana paid by him at that time; and that the sum so paid, with
interest at six per cent, per annum, be paid to Major General
Andrew Jackson, out of any moneys in the treasury not other,
wise appropriated.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN,
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 20, 1843.
Mr. DODGE of Iowa presented a joint resolu-
tion of the Legislative Assembly of Iowa Terri-
ritory, praying for the establishment of a mail route
from. Keokuck to (he town of Farmington, in Van
Buren county; and one from Keokuck, via Win-
chester, in Van Buren county, to Fairfield, in
Jefferson county.
Also, to have the mail carried by water in
steamboats) from the city of St. Louis to Keokuck
during the navigable seasons of the year.
Also, two petitions praying for the establishment
of a mail route from Fairfield, via Glasgow, to
Mount Pleasant.
Also, a joint resolution from the Legislative As-
sembly of Iowa, praying for an appropriation to
defray the expenses of holding treaties with the
Pottawatomies, Ottawas, and other Indians, for the
extinguishment of their title to lands in Iowa Ter-
ritory. f-,
Mr. HOWARD offered the petition of Mary
Crafton for a pension under the act of July 7,
1838. Also, the petition of Mary GafFord for a
pension under the same act; both of which, under
the late rule of the House of Representatives, were
appropriately referred.
Mr. GUSTINE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered and adopted:
_ Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of placing James
Hote on the pension roll, and that the accompanying papers
be referred to said committee.
Mr. GUSTINE presented the following resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Pennsyl-
vania:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, That our Senators and
Representatives in Congress be requested to use their exei-
ttons to revive, at their present session, the law passed by Con-
gress in eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, grantins a pension,
for five years, to the widowsof officeis and soldiers of the revo!
luaonary war.
Resolved) That the Governor be requested to forward to
each House of Congress a copy of the above resolution as soon
as convenient after the passage thereof.
Mr. GUSTINE said: Mr. Speaker, if there is
one legislative proposition more than another that
would induce me to break the silence which I have
hitherto observed within this ball, it would be to
ask the members of this House to accede to the
measure proposed by the resolution sent to your
desk. It is a measure, Mr. Speaker, which tbe
feelings of honor, philanthropy, patriotism, hu-
manity, and all the better feelings that inherit the
human breast, call upon us, as the guardians of
the nation's honor, to adopt.
While we are daily appropriating millions to
propagate and foster the arts and sciences, to
increase the wealth, add to the powers and extend
the fame of the mightest Republic on earth, shall
we withhold and refuse to appropriate a few thou-
sand dollars to give a mere sustenance to the aged
and feeble widows of those great men who erected
the mighty fabric of our independence—whose la-
bor compassed the liberties we this day enjoy 
whose blood purchased the privileges we are this
moment exercising? It cannot be, that the descend-
ants of such men can remain indifferent to the
tears and tremulous tones of the enfeebled wid-
ows of these worthies of tbe Revolution. This will,
unquestionably, be the last opportunity ever pre-
sented to many of us to participate in thus bring-
ing relief to objects the worthiest that the world
ever presented to the consideration of a legislative
body. Let us not separate without adopting measures
necessary to carry out the object of the resolution
offered.
Mr. MATHIOT suggested that the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions had reported a bill on
the same subject; and he 'Should be glad if the
House would assign some particular day for its
consideration.
[Cries of "Move to take up the bill now," from
several.]
Mr. M. then moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the bill granting pensions to certain widows
of revolutionary soldiers; and the motion having
been agreed to, the bill was read in the House. The
question being on its engrossment,
Mr. MERIWETHER objected to taking the
question now.
Mr. MATHIOT moved the suspension of the
rules, which was carried; and then—under the op-
eration of the previous question—the bill, after
being ordered to be engrossed, was read the third
time, and passed.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. GWIN moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole; and gave notice
that, if the motion prevailed, he would then move
to take up the bill to refund the fine imposed on
General Jackson. Mr. G. also called for the yeas
and nays on his motion.
Mr. ADAMS inquired of the Speaker if this was
not the regular day for ths presentation of petitions?
He had one that he wished to offer.
The SPEAKER said that this was petition day;
but the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi
was in the nature of a suspension of the rules;
and, if it prevailed, would override the regular or-
ders.
The question was then taken on Mr. Gwm's
motion, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 114,
nays 71.
Mr. J. IRVIN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported a bill which was signed by the
Speaker.
Mr. ADAMS then rose and asked the consent
of the House, before going into Committee of the
Whole, to allow him to present a petition from
51,863 citizens of the Commonwealth of Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL. I object.
Several other gentlemen objected also.
Mr. ALLEN rose and inquired if it did not re-
quire a vote of iwo-ihirds to go into Committee of
the Whole, such a motion being in ths nature of
one for the suspension of the rules. [Loud cries
of "Oh, that's been long settled."]
The SPEAKER replied that a suspension of the
rules for any other purpose required a vote of two-
thirds; but a motion to go into Committee of the
Whole was an exception to that rule, as settled by
the practice of the House.
Mr. ADAMS asked if it would be in order to
move a suspension of the rules; his object being
understood to be to get an opportunity to present
the petition to which he had before alluded.
The SPEAKER replied that such a motion was
not in order, inasmuch as the riles stood suspend-
ed by a vote of the House.
Mr. ADAMS. We!!, I hope I shall have an
opportunity to present the petition in the course of
the day—(loud cries of "Order, order," from Mr.
WISE and others)—for I do not wish the petition
to remain here as a monument (--"of infamy,"
some gentleman leraarked )
The petition to which the honorable gentleman
referred, was placed on his desk, on a large wooden
framework, and presented the appearance ot a gi-
gantic reel, or a juvenile water-wheel; and it bore
the following inscription: "Great petition to Con-
gress,"
The following is a copy:
"To Ike Senate and Bouse of Representatives of the United
States of America:
The undersigned citizens of the State of Massachusetts,
earnestly desiring to free the Commonwealth and them-
selves from all connexion with domestic slavery, and
to secure the citizens of the State from the danger of enslave-
ment, respectfully pray your honorable body to pa<ss such laws,
and to propose such amendments to the Constitution of the
United, States as may forever separate the people of Massa-
chusetts from all connexion with slavery."
As objections were made from all parts of the
House, the petition was not presented.
The House then resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pick-
ems in the chair.)
Mr. FILLMORE said he was instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means t'> ask the House
to take up "a bill to bring into the treasury certain
moneys received by public officers, before it can
be disbursed, and for otber purposes."
Mr. BARNARD asked if it would be in order
to move to amend the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole, so a? to move that the committee
take up another bill.
Mr. WISE also inquired if it was in order to
move to take up another bill? (Cries of "No, no, no.")
He thought it was in order to make such a motion,
though the question would be first put on the mo-
tion first made.
Tbe committee took up the bill designated by
Mr. Fillmore.
Mr. GWIN inquired if it was in order to move
to lay aside that bill, for the purpose of taking up
another.
The CHAIRMAN was understood to deeide in
the negative.
The Clerk then read the bill through all its secjj
tions.
Mr. FILLMORE rose, when the bill had been
read through, and explained its object. In the
first place, the bill proposed to enact that all moneys
collected should be brought into the treasury, be-
fore being paid out again to defray the expense
of collection, so ss toallow annual appropriations
to be made by Congress for tho=e expenses; thereby
bringing those expenses annually before Congress.
Another object was to compel the officers to give
security for the moneys that come into their hands.
And a further object was to impose penalties
on such officers as receive and do not pay these
moneys over to the Secretary of the Treasury,
He would only observe, further, that this bill had
been prepared on consultation with the depart-
ment, and so as to create no difficulty in the keep-
ing of the accounts; and it was reported with tbe
unanimous consent of the committee. If, there-
fore, this explanation was satisfactory, and there
were no amendments offered, he would move that
the bill be laid aside, and that the committee take
up the bill to authorize the re-issue of treasury notes.
Mr. GWIN moved that the committee take up
the bill for the relief of General Jackson.
Some conversation followed between Mr. WM.
COST JOHNSON and Mr. FILLMORE, and
tbe Clerk then re^d the bill for the relief of Gene-
ral Andrew Jackson.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY asked the committee to
tske up, and dispose of, a bill (which would lead.
i.> no debate) to test the practicability of an elec-
tro-magnetic telegraph in the United States. [Cries
of "No, no."]
('The CHAIRMAN then put tbe question on Mr.
Gwin's motion; and Messis. Gwin arid Linn were
appointed tellers, who reported syes 77, noes 91.
So the committee refused to take up the bill to
refund General Jackson's fine.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
take up the bill for the re-issue of treasury notes
now outstanding.
Mr. ADAMS expressed a desire to have the
committee take up the bills for the establish-
ment of commercial intercourse with China, and
with the Sandwich Islands.
Mr. FILLMORE said he could not yield his
motion, anxioHs as he was that the bills referred
to by the gentleman [Mr. Adams] should be passed.
TREASURY NOTES AND LOANS.
The motion to take up tbe bill authorizing a
re-issue of treasury notes was carried, and the
bill taken up and read.
