CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
319
section, and materially altering others; and thus
making it, in fact, a different bill.
Some conversation ensued on a point of or-
der, in which Messrs. GUSHING, FILLMORE,
WISE, and others, took part.
The CHAIR decided that the amendment was
in order, and that the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Cushino] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. CUSHING observed that there were then
two propositions before the committee, presented
fairly for their consileration: the one on the plan
of currency and deposites, proposed by the select
committee of the House; and the other, the antago-
nist plan, coming from the other side of the House,
proposed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Barnard;] and he was, therefore, thankful that
the gentleman had obtained the floor before him,
and, by this means made his plan the first question
in order. He was also gratified that the gentle-
man from New York had discussed the question
as between these two plans, and, by his admis-
sions, placed his (Mr. C.'s) bill in a totally differ-
ent attitude from that in which it stood when it
was last before the House; for the gentleman em-
phatically assumed that it was the duly of the ma-
jority to legislate on the subject of the currency,
which was the very reverse of what was assumed by
the Committee of.Waj s and Means when they made
their report on the exchequer bill. The gentleman
commenced by an emphatic declaration that it was
the duly of the Whig party, in accordance witti
their avowed principles, and with their professions
before the people, to pass some act for the estab
lishment of a uniform and national currency. The
gentleman also admitted that a bank of the United
Sta'es was out of the question; and he thanked the
gentleman for that admission. He agreed with the
gentleman thai there were alternatives for a United
Stales bank; and that it would be wrong for the
House to neglect their duty in adopting one of
these alternatives, because they could not, by their
own fiat, make a bank. They entered, then, into
this discussion under new auspices; and it was not
the question whether the House should remain neg-
ative and derelict to its duty, but it was the ques-
tion which of the two plans before it was the best?
He was happy to join issue with the gentleman
from New York on this question. In the first
place, what was the gentleman's plan? Had the
committee examined i ? The gentleman assumed
that it was the duty of Congress to provide a na-
tional currency; and he proposed—what? He pro-
posed that the United States—not having, it would
seem, any credit of its own to issue paper money—
should borrow fifteen millions of the paper of the
State batiks, and endorse it, to make it a national
currency. [Here Mr. Barnard explained ]
He had stated it briefly as the borrowing of bauk pa-
per, and it whs k> in effect. What did tlie second
section propose? It was true, the first section said
that the Government should borrow fifteen mil-
lions of specie-paying banks; but what was the
thing to be borrowed? Was it gold and silver?
Certainly not; for the banks could not make the
loan, unless the Government took their paper
promises. But what did the second section say?
Why, that the Secretary of the Treasury was to
cause the notes of these banks, to an amount
equal to that borrowed, to be stamped with
the guaranty thatihey should be taken in payment
of all the dues of the Government, so that the
practical effect would be, that the United States
will have received in its coffers fifteen millions of
paper of the State banks, which it stamps with its
signet, to give it currency in the United States.
Now he objected to this, in principle. The United
States could make a better currency of its own; arid,
in the second place, there would be saddled on the
Government fifteen millions of bank paper, whicn
would be put in its custom-houses in payment of
public dues; and if the banks stopped payment,
what would be the remedy?' It would be the same
as it was in a previous instance. The Govern-
ment might sue the banks, if it pleased; but it
would have fifteen millions of broken bank paper
on hand, which nobody would take. But, again.
Why take this bank paper at all? If he considered
it as a matter of personal interest to his constituents
alone, he would go for it, inasmuch as, under this
{iljn, the p. per of thf bai.ks of B<>s on and New
York would constitute the ptmcipal cunency of
the country.
But who was to select the bank--? who was to
decide which of the banks should be taken to make
a currency for 'he country? The Secretary was to
take good bank paper; but how was he to tell what
paper was good? But why do this thing? What
would be gained by it? It would add nothing to
the sum total of the currency of the country; and
it would only give a currency in certain portions
of the United States to the paper of certain banks.
- [Mr. Barnard here explained,] Mr- C. contin-
ued: that the plan proposed that the officers of the
Government should pick among the banks, and se-
lect such as they thought proper. The gentleman
from New York assumed that, by the cabalistic
eperhtion of stamping the paper of these banks, the
prosperity of the country would be restored, and
relief would be given to the treasury. He should
have been glad if the gentleman had gone into
some arguments to show how this could be brought
about. For his part, he could see no necessary
connexion between the prosperity of the country
and the giving currency to the paper of certain fa-
vored banks. He could readily see that the banks
themselves might be benefited by the operation;
and, indeed, be could only see in it a device by
which fifteen millions of bad bank paper might be
put into circulation. The gentleman argued, in
favor of his plan, that it might be set aside, and
auother plan substituted for it, by whichever of the
two parties came into power;—that if the Whigs
came into power, they might substitute for it a
national bank; and if the Democrats came into
power, they might substitute for it the sub-treas-
ury. This was the only advantage he saw in the
plan at all; but would not the same argument ap-
ply in fsvor of the exchequer plan? It would be
equally easy for any party that might get into
power to substitute'for the exchequer their favorite
plan, and then they would not have fifteen mil-
lions of bad paper on hand. Again: there were
other means by which the United States might
supply their necessities. If they did not choose
to borrow money in the form of a loan—if
they must have paper money, he preferred that
they should borrow it on their own treas-
ury notes, rather than borrow the promises to
pay of banks. He desired to see an end of the
fallacious idea that the Government could not get
along without being propped up under each shoul-
der by the State banks. Heretofore, it had been
supposed that the United States, which collected
fifteen millions or more, annually, from the people,
could not proceed on through the instrumentality
of that much of real capital, without availing it-
self of the credit of the banks. Now, he desired
to see that s'ate of things reversed; and that the
specie should be in the hands of the Government
while the banks should be left to subsist on crcdit.
If there was to be a dead capital on which there
was to be a currency, he desired to see that in the
hands of the people, through their Representatives.
It was for these reasons that he had advocated the
exchequer bill. He denied that the decision of the
House against the exchequer, plan of the Secretary
of the Treasury was a decision aga'nst the ex-
chequer plan of the select committee, as contended
by the gentleman from New York. It was impos-
sible for him to say upon what principles and what
conclns on-i the House voted; but he must say that,
upon a careful analysis of that vote, it would be
found that the objections which applied to the plim
of the Secretary of the Treasury did not apply to
the one of the select committee. Mr. C. here went
into a comparison of the two plans, explaining the
difference between them.
He objected to the form of currency which the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] would
thus provide, and for reasons (he said) which he
gave m a speech four years ago, which had been
quoted by the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, to prove his inconsistency. He next
noticed the bill affirmatively. The first objection
raised was one of power. It was alleged that it
placed power in the hands of the Executive; and
he proceeded to notice it in relation to Government
patronage, and administrative power. He said
this was a question affecting the Government.
The Administration would remain, though the
Government might be unable to go on; and it
was the duty of Congress to provide for the sup-
port of the Government; and ha affirmed that this
bill would give no more administrative power than
the sub-treasury, and mtstch less than a United
States bank. There remained, then, nothing but
the details of the measure. There mast be some-
wheie a depository for the public money; there
must be some legislation on this subject; and this
scheme presented the least objectionable mode.
The committee were not, however, wedded to it in
its precise phraseology; and if amendment could
fee suggested, they would not object to its adop-
tion.
He then alluded to the prospect of the separate
parties in the next presidential election, on the sev-
eral measures of a United States bar-k, a sub-treas-
ury, and an exchequer. He said the gentleman to
whom one party looked [he was understood to al-
lude to Mr. Clay] as the great advocate and rep-
resentative of their principles, did not speak of a
United States bank, but only of a national currency
under the regulation of the nation. Well, the ex-
chequer would give them a national currency un-
der the control of the nation; and no electoral col-
lege of any Slate of th's Union would find its in-
terest in going into the contest on a United States
bank measure as a sine qua non.
Mr. BOTTS moved that the committee rise,
with a view 'to the adoption of a resolution to stop
the debate, and take the bill out of the power of the
committee. He said it must be evident that the
committee were discussing a proposition which could
not be carried, and which was wholly different
from the bill to which it was proposed to be at-
tached.
The CHAIR suggested to the gentlemen to in-
clude in his motion a motion to report the bill laid
aside this morniDg; to which the gentleman [Mr.-
Bgtts] assented.
Tellers (Messrs. Mbmll and J. Cooper) were
appointed to take the vote on the motion to rise,
who reported ayes 75, noes 50.
The committee rose, and reported the first bill
(770,) and also their progress on the second (that
for the re-issue of treasury notes.)
TERMINATION OP THE DEBATE.
Mr. FILLMORE then obtained the floor, and
offered a resolution, to the effect that all debate on
the bill foi the re-ivsue of treasury notes shall ter-
minate at 3 o'clock this day, when the committee
shall vote on all amendments pending, and that
may be offered. He aho moved the previous
question en his sesolution.
[It was now half-past 2 o'clock.]
Mr. S. MASON expressed a strong desire to
speak, as he had not made a speech this session.
Mr. FILLMORE declined to modify or with-
draw his resolution.
Mr. WISE made an inquiry on a point of order,
which was answered by the Speaker.
Mr. GILMER rose to ask the gentleman from
New York to modify his resolution, and make the
daily hour of meeting 10 o'clock.
Mr. FILLMORE could not accept of the modi-
fication. He thought it would be impracticable for
the House to meet at such an early hour.-
Mr. GILMER gave notice that he should take
the first opportunity of offering the resolution (for
meeting at 10 o'clock) which he had intimated.
The previous question was sustained, and the
main question ordered to be now put.
Mr. ATHERTON asked fjr the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution; and they were
ordered.
It was now twenty minutes to 3 o'clock, and Mr.
FILLMORE rose and asked leave to modify his
resolution, so as io fix the time for taking the bill
out of committee at half-past 3, insteadof 3 o'clock.
The SPEAKER said the resolution could not be
modified, as the previous question was ordered.
The roll was called, and resulted—yeas 83, nays
80.
So the House adopted the resolution.
Mr. WISE then moved an amendment: rejected
—ayes 29, noes not counted.
