m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House
again want into committee, (Mr. Pickens in the
chair,) and took up the bill for ths re-issue of treas-
ury notes, which was under discussion when the
committee last rose.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor, and said he be-
lieved he had three minutes left. [A. voice—"One
and a half."]
Mr. T. P. POSTER appealed to the gentleman
to leave him half a minute. [Laughter.]
Mr. WISE said he should, in the few minutes
left him, discuss the exchequer, as far as he could.
[A member: "Only a quarter of an inch."] In
reply to the remarks of those gentlemen who had
expressed a wish to have the Government sppa-
rated, in its fiscal operations, from local banks, he
would observe, that, so far from the exchequer
having a tendency to encourage the State banks in
their over-issues, it would be a regulator and (some
might call it) a scourge of the local banks. It al-
lowed the notes of the local banks to be received
where they were payable, in specie, on demand; but
it did not permit a dollar to be paid out in notes.
A settlement was to be held weekly, if not oftener,
with the banks, which were to be called upon to
pay their notes, dollar for dollar, in specie. It was
well known what a scourge the United States Bank
was to the local banks. Yet that bank paid out
their notes, although it enforced constant settle-
ment.
He would conclude the last word he was allowed
to say by protesting that, after all the promises
made by the head of the dominant party in that
hall that an opportunity should be afforded to
discuss the exchequer, he had been deprived of it
[here the Chairman's hammer fell three times] by
that hammer. [Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Cushing's
amendment, resulting in—ayes 98, noes 89.
No quorum voting, another count was then taken,
Ughich resulted ia ayes 3T, noes 98.
So the amendment was rejected.
Ti e question was then taken on Mr. Barnard's
amendment, and it was also decided in the nega-
tive—ayes 34, noes 105.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
rose and reported the bill to the House without
amendment; and
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky having moved
the previous question on the engrossment of the
bill, it was seconded, and the main question ordered;
and then the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
* The bill having been read the third time,
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky called for the pre-
vious question on its passage.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL called for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered; and the bill, under the
operation of the previous question, was> passed—
yeas 111, nays 51, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Sherlock.!. Andrews, Arnold,
Aycrigg, Baker, JJarton, Jieeson, B'diuck, Birdseye, JBlair,
Boardman, Borden, liowne, Bnggs, Brockway, Bronson, Jev-
omiah Brown, John Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman,
John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, Coles, Cowen, Cranston,
Cross, Cushing, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Doig,
John Edwards, Everett, Verris, Fessenden, Fillmore, John 0.
Floyd, Charlea A. Floyd, Gamble, Gentiy, ttilmer, Gordon,
Granger, Hall, ilalnteJ, Hastings, Hays, Jlourk, Howard,
Hubard, Hudson, Hunter, Hunt, J. 11 Ingeisoll. James Ir-
vin, Jack, Isaac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Linn, Robert
McClellan, McKennan, WaHoiy, Marchand, Samson Mason,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Moore, Morgan, Moirow, Oliver,Osborne,
Partridge, Pearce, Pendleton, Plumei, Pope, Powell, Ben-
jamin Randall, Randolph, Ridgway, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, Saunders. Shepperd, Slade, Stcenrod,
Stokely, Stratton, Taliaierro, T llmgha-t, Toland, Tnplett,
Turncy, Underwood, Van Buren, Washington, Watterson,
Welier, Westhrook, Edward D. White, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Wmthrop, Wise^Wood, Yorke,
Augustus Young, and John Youns—131.
KAYS—Messrs. LandafF W. Andrews, Arrmgfon, Alherton,
Babcock, Botts, Milton Brown, Charles Brown, Burke,
Patrick C, Caldwell, Calhoun, Win. B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Clifford, James Cooper, Cravens, Daniel, Caiteit
Davis, Egbert, Thomas. F. Foster, Goggin, Graham, Green,
Hopkins, Houston, Charles J. Ingersoll, Keim, Andrew Ken-
nedy, Littlefteld, McKay, McKeon, Alfred Matshall, Mathiot,
MediU, Meriwether. Miller, Mitchell, Payne, Pic.kpns, Ram-
gey, Rayner, Reding, Reynolds, Rogers, Snyder, Sprigg,
John T. Stuart, John B. Thompson, Tomhnson, Van Rensse-
laer, Joseph L, While, and Christopher H. Williams--5t.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. YORKE moved a reconsideration of the
vote by which the bill was passed.
Mr. TURKEY moved to lay that motion on the
table, which was rejected; and the motion of the
gentleman from New Jersey went over until to-
morrow.
Mr. FILLMORE then asked the House t® take
up the bill to bring into the treasury the moneys
received by public officers before it should be dis-
bursed, and for other purposes.
The bill was accordingly taken up, ordered to
be engrossed, and read a third time, and passed.
Mr. ADAMS again rose for the purpose of ob-
taining permission to present the petitions which
had been intrusted to him for that purpose. He
moved a suspension of the rules to enable him to
do so.
Mr. HOLMES said he really hoped the request
would be granted, (cries of "No, no,") for it was
time they should know what it was. [Great con-
fusion ]
Mr. WELLER moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. SLADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered, amidst cries of "What will you
gain by that1?"
The yeas and nays having been taken, they re-
sulted as follows—yeas 88, nays 75.
The Houss then adjourned, at 4 o'clock.
IN SENATE.
Tbesdat, February 21, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the State
Department, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate of the 14th instant, requesting the Presi-
dent of the United States to communicate to the
Senate a copy of any commission or letter of in-
struction to Daniel Webster, esq., Secretary of
State, to treat with Lord Ashburton, &c.; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. GRAHAM presented to the Senate resolu-
tions of the Legislative Council of Florida, relating
to the claim of Judge Duval (}n the Government
of the United S.ater, which was ordered to lie on
the table.
The PRESIDENT pre tern, laid before ths Sen-
ate a communication from the State Department,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, additional information of the operations of
the bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on
Millttary Affairs, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the bill from the House providing for the settle-
ment of the claims for supplies furnished the Flor-
ida militia.
Mr. WHITE presented joint resolutions adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Indiana, in favor of the
passage of a law, by Congress, allowing the rights
of pre-emption to those settlers on the land grant-
ed to the State of Indiana to complete the Wabash
and Erie canal, to other lands, in lieu of those of
which they have been deprived by such grant; also,
joint resolutions in favor of permanent arrangements
with railroad companies for transporting the mail,
in favor of restricting the franking privilege, and
in favor of reducing the rates of letter postage to
the federal coin. Also, a resolution in relation to
the establishment ol marine hospitals on the Missis-
sippi and its tributaries, and the great Northern lakes,
for the benefit of sick and disabled seamen. These
resolutions were referred to appropriate committees;
the latter one to the Committee on Commerce.
Also, presented joint resolutions of the Legisla-
ture ef the State of Indiana, in reference to the
burdens placed on commerce by the towns on the
Western rivers, by wharfage, rates, &c., and par-
ticularly by the municipal authorities of the city of
New Orleans, by their regulations imposing duties
on produce landed there, and asking Congre-s to
assert its power to regulate commerce by removing
these obstruction1*. Read, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Jdr. STURGEON, the memorial
which he presented a few days ago, asking an ap-
propriation for establishing a marine hospital at or
near the city of Pittsburg, was taken from the table,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of Fhineas
Bennett and Nahum Andrews, praying the passage
of a law to permit them to bring in, free of duty,
goods which may be saved by them from wrecks,
reported a bill to permit the entry of merchan-
dise received from shipwrecks, in certain cases, free
of duty; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, on the recommend-
ation of the Committee on Indian Affairs, the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, showing the
manner of the disbursement of funds for the ben-
efit of the Indians, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MILLER, from the Committee oa the Post
Office and Post Roads, made an adverse report on
the petition of Markham Tristoe, late postmaster at
Warsaw, Missouri, praying the refunding the
amount of a certain judgment obtained against
him by the United States; which wss ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back, with sundry amend-
ments,the bill from, the House entitled "An act toau-
thotize the investigation of alleged frauds under
the pre-emption laws, and for other purposes:" the
amendments were ordered to be printed.
Mr. S., from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, Senate bill entitled "A bill ex-
planatory of the act supplemental to the act grant-
ing pre-emption rights to settlers on the public
lands," approved Jane 22, 1838.
Mr. CHOAT®, from the Committee on Naval
Affaiis, reported back, without amendment, and
with fa recommendation that it do pass, the bill for
the relief of the heirs of Robert Fulton.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petition of
Campbell Scott, praying for pay under a certain
treaty; and the petition of the administrator of Wil-
liam H. Hunter, praying for the allowance of cer-
tain charges in the adjustment of his accounts;
made adverse reports to the prayers of the petitions,
which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which had been referred House bill for the relief
of Maria Fowler, reported the same back without
amendment, and with a recommendation that it be
indefinitely postponed; its passage being unnecessa-
ry, because power existed in the department to
grant the relief prayed for. The bill was then ta-
ken up as in committee of the whole, and indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. P., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of Aaron Payne for
arrears of pension; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made an adverse report on the pe-
tition of Benjamin Harrison; which was ordered to
be printed.
Also, from the same committee, reported back,
without amendment, House bill for the relief of
Henry Hoffman, with an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims was discharged from the
further consideration of the claim of Isaac Hop-
kins, (there being no evidence to sustain the claim,)
for property pressed into the public service last
war.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, with an amendment,
the Senate bill for the relief of Charles E. Sher-
man.
Mr. YOUNG submitted thefollowing resolutions;
which were read and adopted, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to "com-
municate to the Senate, the copy of any contractor contracts
entered into by Robert Fulton wuh the Government of tha
United States, in the year 1814 or 1813, for the furnishing or fit-
ting out of one or more steamboats for the use of the Govern^
meat; the amount of money advanced to him in virtue of the
said contract or contracts, and how far the same have been ful-
filledorcompliedwith on the part of the said Fulton; also, a
statement of the acounts of the said Fulton, as the same appear
on thebooksof the department. *
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
to include in his report, to bo made at the present session of
Congress, in pursuance of the resolution of the Senate adopted
on tfie 30th July, 184*2, either under their appropriate heads, or
by way of appendix, the quantity of the public lands to which
the Indian title has been extinguished since that time; the sev-
eral amounts agreed to he paid therefor, and the times and man-
ner m which such payments are to be made, respectively.
