CttNCtKESSIOlfJlL- ftLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY £8, 184S.
Volume 12*-"No. 21.
Continued from No 20.
On motion by Mr. BENTON, it was
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate he directed to
include the permanent appropriations mthe list of current ap-
propriationa made each session, now directed to be published
Mr. KING presented the credentials of Arthur
P. Base?, who has been elected by the Legislature
of Alabama a Senator of the United States from
that State for six years, from and after the 3d day
of March next; which were read, and ordered to be
placed on the files of the Senate.
Oa motion by Mr. McDUFFIE, the previous oi
ders of the day were postponed, and the bill for the
relief of Charles J. Jenkins and Wm. W.Mann,
assignee of John McKinne, was taken up.
The bill was understood by the reporter to in-
rolve a claim growing out of a contract of Mc-
Kinne with the United States to collect for the
Government some $32,000, the consideration for
which service to be one-fourth of the amount col-
lected. It seems that the contractor collected the
amount by a note payable to the Government; the
payment of which was conditionally guarantied.
But, before the note arrived at maturity, the drawer
of the same was relieved, by act of Congress, from
the payment of the amount due the United States,
and covered by the note.
This bill was debated at some length. Messrs.
EVANS, KING, WOODBURY, and BUCHAN-
AN opposed the bill, on the ground (as was under-
stood) that the contraclor agreed to involve his
claim to one fourlb of the amount collected, in ike
act of cancelling the debt by the Government.
They were willing to pay the actual expense in-
curred by the contractor in his efforts to secure the
debt; bat they were unwilling to pay him the quar-
ter of the debt, for the reason above; and lor the
further reason, that the debt was not actually col-
lected as contracted—the Government never having
received the money.
Messrs. BKRRIKN, McDUFFIE, and DAY-
TON defended the bill. They maintained that the
contractor never agreed to involve his interest in
the claim, in the act of cancellation by the United
States; and that though the Government did not
actually receive the money, the money was collected.
The reason that the Government did r.ot receive it,
was, that tbey had cancelled the debt. They main-
tained that the Government could not, by ils own
power, on any principleof common justice, absolve
itself from the obligation of its own contract.
There being no amendment proposed to the bill,
it was reported to the Senate; and the question
being, Shall the bill be ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading?
Mr. BUCHANAN demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being put,
it was decided in the negative—yeas 15, nays
28. So the bill was rej?cte<l.
Mr. EVANS now moved lo proceed to the con-
sideration of the nsvy appropriation bill.
Mr. WALKER suggested the bankrupt bill.
Mr. LINN suggest', d the propriety of proceeding
to the consideration of the bill which was ordered
to be engrossed on yesterday, to indemnify Major
Gen. Andrew Jackson.
Mr. HUNTINGTON inquired what would be
the order of business now.
The CHAIR replied that the call for resolutions
was the next thing in order.
Mr. LliNN made some farther remarks in favor
of taking up the bill alluded to by him; which, be
conceived, was the Jirst in order.
Mr. BAYARD pressed on the attention of the
Senate the several biils touching the nival .vrvice,
which had been made !be special order for S?'ot-
day last, but wore supersrdrd by other bills. He
hoped the chairman of the Committee on Finusc
[Mr. Evahs] would consent to la these biils be
taken up, before proceeding to the tiivy appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. EVANS could not yield so the suggestion.
He had refrained for several days from pressing
this, although he felt the necessity of having action
upon it.
Mr. TAPPAN also suggested the propriety of
taking up the Senate bills in the order in which
they stood on the calendar, in preference to consid-
ering the bills from the House, which could be soon
disposed of.
The question was, however, taken on the mo-
tion of Mr. Evans, and decided in the negative—
yeas 23, nays 23.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Walker yes-
terday, as follows, was taken up for consideration,
viz:
Retolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to the Senate, at the next session of Congress, a plan and
estimates for the improvement of the navigation of the Ohio, by
the construction of an enlarged steamboat canal on the Indiana
side of the fails, near Louisville; also, to report what effect would
be produced on the navigation of that river above the falls, by the
removal of the ledge of rocks at that point; also, what would be
the expense of enlarging the present canal, so as to admit the
largest class of boats; and what arrangements, if any, can be
made for rendering the said canal toll free, or subject to such
toll only as may be necessary to keep the same in repair.
Messrs. TAPPAN, WALKER, MOREHEAD,
EVANS, SEVIER, and SMITH of Connecticut,
discussed the above resolution at some length.
The points involved in the discussion were as to
the best mode of improving the Ohio river at the
falls, and the necessity of making some improve-
ment to afford facilities to commerce, and to relieve
it from the onerous tax imposed on it by the tolls
collected by the Louisville and Portland Canal
Company.
The debate was, however, terminated on ihe
presentation of the following, by Mr. TAPPAN,
as a substitute; which was accepted by the mover
of the resolution:
JResolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to ascer
tain and report to the next Congress what js the best mode of
improving the navigation of the Ohio river at the falls near
Louisville, and the probable expense of such improvement.
The resolution was then adopled as amended.
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. Linn's bill to indemnify Major General
Andrew Jackson for damage sustained in the dis-
charge of his official duty, came up as an engross-
ed bill, and was read a third time.
The question then being, "Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. DAYTON addressed the Senate for about
half an hour in opposition. There were principles
involved in the bill which he considered of such
consequence as to induce him to call the attention
of the Senate to them before they voted for its
passags. It had been urged by ihe friends of the bill
that there was no other principle involved in it than
that which had been acted on repeatedly in regard
to other officers of the Government. He had
looked into this matter, and found that such was
hot the fact. In the first place, wi'h respect to the
title, he found that the bills passed by Congress to
res-tore fines to other officers, inflicted on them for
violations of Iew in the performance of their du-
ties, were all entitled acts for the relief of those
individuals. In the next place, there was nothing
in the bodies of those acts in the slightest degre®
tending lo cast imputation, directly or indirectly, on
the tribunals which had inflicted those fines. In
these two -frets, he argued at some length, that
this bill differed altogether from the principle of the
bills claimed as analogous'cases.
After Mr. D. had delivered his views in support
of this position,
Mr. BERRIEN rose, and referred 10 the opin-
ions expressed by the Judiciary Committee in sup-
port of the amendments which it had recommend-
ed. As that report contained his views on the sub-
ject, hff should now merely state that those amend-
ments having been rejected by the Senate, he could
not vote for the bill. So far from the amendment
of the Sen?tor from North Cr^olina, adopted yes-
terday, making ihe original b; more aceep'able to
j him, it had the opposite effeci; for he now consid-
i ered it more exceptionable than over. It was a
decision of Congress that the fine was inflicted for*
an alleged contempt of court—leaving that doubtful
about which no doubt whatever before existed.
Mr. CONRAD, in reference to his remarks of
yesterday, said he would now merely repeat what
he then said—that, so far from having chaBged the
opinions which he expressed last session, when the
subject was before the Senate, he bad, upon more
careful examination and mature consideration,
been more and more confirmed in the correctness
of the views he had taken on that occasion.
Mr. C., in the course of his remarks, said he
was perfectly tired and disgusted with the eternal
subserviency and sycophancy displayed by the
worshippers of this political idol. He alluded to
the manner in which this subject had been agitated
through the country, and in the Legislatures of the
States.
Mr. LINN said the Senator from Louisiana had
used an expression which required some explana-
tion. He had introduced this bill with ihe motives
which he had always expressed to the Senate.
Mr. CONRAD was not aware that he had said
anything from which the Senator from Missouri
could possibly infer that he intended to impute to
him other motives than those which be had
avowed.
Mr. LINN said the expression to which he al-
luded was thi?: "Was this eternal sycophancy to
General Jackson never to ceaseV' Did the Sena-
tor mean to apply the epithet "sycophancy" to his
(Mr. L.'s) conduct, or that of any oiher gentleman
who had advocated the bill? If the Senator meant
to impute to him a sycophantic disposition, in ma-
king an offering to General Jackson, it was a very
offensive 
Mr. CONRAD said he was really very sorry
that the gentleman should have conceived ibat he
intended, by any portion of his remarks, to cast a
reflection upon any gentleman, and particularly
upon that honorable Senator; for if there w$p a
man in that body to whom he was bound to im-
pute entire sincerity and sipgleness of heart, it was
that gentleman. He was aware that wiih that
gentleman it was a matter of personal feeling of
regard; and he was not at all surprised that that
gentleman should view the question in a differ-
ent aspect from (hat in which he viewed it. And-,,
he assured him the remark he had made was hot
intended to reflect upon him, or upon any member " T
of that body. '
The question was then taken by yeas and nays;
and the biil was passed—yeas 28, nays 20, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, "Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cmhbert, Fulton, Graham, Henderson, King, Linn, McDuffie,
McRoberts, Mangum, Rives, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad^ Crafts, Cnt'endrn, Paytn", Evans,
Huntington, Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Moreheaa, Phelps, White,
and Woodbridge—20.
Mr. GRAHAM now moved to change the title
to that of "A bill for the indemnity of Major Gen-
eral Andrew Jackson."
This motion was concurred in without a divis-
ion.
Mr. YOUNG bow moved to postpone all pre-
vious orders, and proceed to the consideration of
the bankrupt, bill.
Mr. EVANS hoped the motion would not pre-
vail. It was most important that the navy appro-
priation bill should be passed without delay. It
would not take more than an hour to dispose
of it.
Mr. KING was under an impression that the
bankrupt bill was the special crder, entitled to
preference.
Mr. BERRIEN explained that he had cnlygWea
notif.e that he would, on Monday, (>r-sMci?.y,)
move to proceed to the consideration of thai sub-
ject. It had not been made the special order, .
Mr. KING remarked that, at all evei.ts, there
was mora prepr><<" in proceei.Y.g with that ques-
