CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NEW BANK PROJET.
Mr. POPE gave notice that to-morrow he
should ask leave to introduce a bill to be entitled
An act to aid National and State credit, and to re-
form and regulate currency and facilitate exchanges,
through the agency of a bank, based upon the pro-
ceeds of the public lands.
LOUISIANA LAND BILL.
Mr. J. C. CLARK moved a reconsideration of
the vote of the House, by which it laid on the table
his resolution, a few days since, to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the Louisiana land
claim bill; and on this he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. C. JOHNSON appealed to the gentleman
not to move the previous question; and as the gen-
tleman from New York refused to withdraw it, he
called for the yeas and nays; which were ordered,
and resulted thus—yeas 104, nays 80.
So the House reconsidered, and then negatived
the motion to lie on the table.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. EVERETT raised a question of order, and
contended that the bill involved a charge upon the
treasury.
After some debate, in which Messrs. W. COST
JOHNSON, C. JOHNSOK, BUIGGS, MOORE,
and the SPEAKER participated, it was decided
that the bill did involve a charge upon the treasury,
and, under the rules of the House, required a vote
of two-thirds to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from its consideration.
Here the subject dropped.
MEETING AT TEN O'CLOCK.
Mr. GILMER asked leave to offer the following
resolution:
Unsolved, That from and aftov to day, the daily hour of the
meeting of the House slmtt bo 10 o'clock.
Mr. MALLORY objected to the reception of the
resolution.
Mr. GILMER moved a suspension of the rules,
in order to get in the resolution.
The motion was voted down without a division.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Winthrop in the chair.)
Mr. P. expressed a desire to have the navy pen-
sion bill taken up; but yielded the floor tor the
present.
ELECTRO AND ANIMAL MAGNETISM.
On motion of Mr. KENNEDY of Maryland, the
committee took up the bill to authorize a series of
experiments to be made, in order to test the meri's
of Morse's electro-magnetic telegraph. The bill
appropriates $30,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Postmaster General.
On motion of Mr. K., the words "Postmaster
General" were stricken out, and "Secretary of
the Treasury" inserted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON wished to have a word
to say upon this bill. As the present Congress had
done much to encourage science, he did not wish
to see the science of Mes-memm neglected and
overlooked. He therefore proposed that one-half
of the appropriation be given to Mr. Pisk, to en-
able him to carry on experiments, as well as Pro-
fessor Morse.
Mr. HOUSTON thought that Millerism should
also be included in the benefits of the appropria-
tion.
Mr. STANLY said he should have no objection
to the appropriation for Mesmeric experiment'--,
provided the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Cave
Johnson] was the subject. [A laugh.]
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he should have no
objection, provided the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Stanly] was the operator. [Great
laughter.]
Several gentlemen called fcr the reading of the
amendment; and it was read by the Ctferk, as fol-
lows:
Provided, That one half of the said sum shall be appropri-
ated for trying Mesmeric experiments, under the direction of the
Secretary oi the Treasury.
Mr. S. MASON rose to a question of order.
He maintained that the amendment was not bon«
fide, and that such amendments were calculated to
injure the character of the House. . He appealed
to the Chair to rule the amendment out of order.
The CHAIRMAN said it was not for him to
judge of the motives of members in offering
amendments; and he could not, therefore, under-
take to pronounce the amendment not bona fide.
Objections might be raised to it on the ground that
it was not sufficiently analogous in character to
the bill under consideration; but, in the opinion of
the Chair, it would require a scientific analysis to
determine how far the magnetism of Mesmerism
was analogous to that to be employed in telegraphs.
[Laughter.] He therefore ruled the amendment in
order.
On taking the vote, the amendment was rejected
—ayes 22, noes not counted.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported.
INTERCOURSE WITH CHINA.
Mr. ADAMS moved that the committee take
up bill 720, for the establishment of future com-
mercial intercourse with China.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 83, noes 53—
and the bill taken up, and read, as follows:
A BILL providing the means of future intercourse between
the United Suites and the Government of China.
Be it enacted by the Senate andHouse of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the sum of forty thousand dollars be, and the same is
hereby, appropriated and placed at the disposal of the Presi-
dent ol the United States, to enable him to establish the future
commercial relations between the United States and the Chi-
nese empire on terms of national equal reciprocity; the said
sum to be accounted for by the President, under the restrictions
and in the manner prescribed by the act of first of July, one
thousand seyen hundred and ninety, entitled "An act providing
themf-ansof intercoms© between the United States and for-
eign nations."
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend the bill, by stri-
king out the words "under the restrictions and."
Mr. MERIWETHER opposed the amendment.
If he understood its effect, it would be to leave the
mission without any restriction. The bill, as it
came from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
placed this mission on the same footing as other
missions. The Secretary of State, however, wished
the whole sum placed at his own disposal and con-
trol—wished it left to him to pay as much as he
pleased. He (Mr. M.) did not consider this mis-
sion to China as a matter of so much importance
as had been claimed for it. He thought it would
be difficult !o persuade the people of that country
to change their polity, give up their aversion to
foreigners, and enter into commercial intercourse
with other nations. He wished, at any rate, to
have this mission placed on the same footing as
other missions. He knew not how the whols of
this sum of $40,000 was te be expended, although
he was a member of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. Our ministers generally received $9,000
a year salary, and $9,000 outfit. Now, if the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Adams] should be adopted, it would
be in the power of (he President to pay the
minister who might be sent to China $20,000
outfit, and $20,000 more salary. The minister
would be subject to no expense, would go out in
a national vessel, and would not be compelled to
land until it suited his pleasure. Why make a
difference in the case of China? Was that mis-
sion of greater importance than the French? Look
at Turkey—a semi-barbarous country—where our
minister received $6,000 a year. He thought
if $6,000 was enough for the services of Commo-
dore Porter at Constantinople, that sum would be
sufficient for any minister that might be sent
out to China. When the amendment now before
the committee should have been disposed of, he
should move to placc the mission to China upon
the same footing with that to Turkey.
Mr. J. C. CLARK next obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee, during his hour, upon
the state of the Whig party and its relations to the
present Administration, which he condemned gene-
rally.
Mr. BIDLACK rose, and inquired of the
Chairman what the question before the c®mmittee
was; for it was impossible to ascertain from the
speech of the gentleman from New York. He
made this inquiry for ihe purpose of reminding the
majority that the gentleman was debating the same
question which his colleague [Mr. Barnard] had,
the other day, considered out of order. He (Mr.
Bidlack) had no doubt what the decision wou.d
be; but his object was gained, by showing hv v
"circumstances altered cases," and how what wyis
oat of order when it was unpleasant to certain,
gentlemen, was perfectly in order when it pleased
them, and made in their favor. This kind of re-
mark would call for reply; and, at this late day ia
the session, no good could grow out of it.
Mr. J. C. CLARIC said he hoped the Chairman
would tell the gentleman from Pennsylvania; for
he never could find it out, unless he was informed.
The CHAIRMAN replied that, in Committee
of the Whole, the custom had been to allow great
latitude in debate; and he therefore decided that,
according to the custom of the House, the remarks
of the gentleman from New York were in order.
Mr. J. C. CLARK then resumed, and continued
at great length; interrupted occasionally by gentle-
men for explanation, and by a message from the
Senate, transmitting a bill for the relief of Major
General Andrew Jackson.
He took within the range of his remarks many
prominent politicians, on whose course he was
animadverting when the Chairman announced
that his hour had expired. He said, however, that
he had much more to say, which he should add to
his remarks when he wrote out his speech.
Mr. GORDON addressed the Chair. He com-
menced by remarking that he. did not rise as the
apologist and defender of this Administration; for
he had nothing to do with bringing it into power ia
1840. His colleague [Mr. J. C. Clark] said he
was sorry that it was invested with power. He (Mr.
G.) did not doubt, even in 1840, that his colleague,
in case of the success of Ihe exertions then made,
would be sorry. And why? Because he foresaw that
the Whig party would fall to pieces by its own
want of any cohesive principle, and that longing
after office and the spoils which could not be satia-
ted. The gentleman [Mr. J. C. Clark] had well
described the party to which he belonged; and,
unless he had been familiar with ihe materials of
which it was composed, could not have used the
figures he did. What were they? Thecheese-parings,
the eandle-ends, the rag-tag-and-bob-tail of ail the
factions and parties that had ever existed. Such was
the assemblage at Harrisburg; and so sensible were
they themselves of it, that they did not even dare
to talk to each other aboHt any common princi-
ple. They therefore suspended the consideration
of all such subjects, put the gag in the mouth of
their own candidate, and surrounded him with a
committee to speak for him, lest any one of the
candle-ends should be disturbed! They held no
one principle in common with each other. Indeed,
the convention at Harrisburg was a fit represent-
ation of the party to which the gentleman be-
longed, and under whose banners he fought in the
contest of 1840. His colleague once belonged to
the Democratic party, long prior to 1837; but the
evil spirit, called ambition, whispered in his ear,
and he performed what is termed a somerset.
[Here the Chair called to order.]
He was not impugning the motives of his col
league by any means. No; he was only stating
facts, [laughter,] and he believed that, according
to the decision of the Chair,money bills inCommit-
tee of the Whole opened the door for all sorts of
debate. [Laughter.] His colleague left the Dem-
ocratic party. There was no doubt of that. It
was for his colleague to explain the motives he
had in so doing, when he became the candidate of
an irregular party.
Mr. J. C. CLARK wished to ask a question.
Mr. GORDON declined yielding the floor. He
wished it to be understood that, when he was ad-
dressing the Chair, he desired to occupy the floor
exclusively. His colleague was elected to Con-
gress, in the first instance, by the Democratic party.
Mr. CLARK inquired whether he did not go in a
minority of ten hundred, and work up?
Mr. GORDON said, so much the worse; for it
showed that the gentleman broke down the party
whose cause he espoused. The party had great
trouble and tribulation on his account—all owing
to the great confidence which was reposed in him,
and which enabled him to deceive so many faith-
ful followers. These honest Democrats followed
him for a short time; but they soon quit him, and
