CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
in the wbols range of their deliberations, there was
the least perceptible leaning to such an enormous
power which now found advocates in the venerable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] and
the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. W. C. John-
sow,] and some others.
But perhaps he had said as much on the Faneuil
Hall speech and its tendencies, as the occasion
would justify; and he would turn for a moment to
the exchequer, which was but another emanation
of the same brain—the brain of one who had said
that, if he understood anything, it was the subject
of finance; and that the bill of the gentleman from
Massachusetts was not worth the parchment on
which it was written, compared with the mighty
scheme of consolidation which he had prepared.
And what did the scheme of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Comma,] propose? Why,
in the first place, that private individuals might de-
posite |10,000,000 in the treasury of such ex-
chequer of the United States, theieby withdrawing
010 ,000,000 of specie, gold and silver, from the
currency of the country, and receiving, in return, tea
millions of certificate;, which would become its cir-
culation. But-further, it provided that the Govern-
ment creditors—the holders of its bonds and obliga-
tions or treasury notes—•'might receive certificates for
the amount of the debts due to them by the United
States, to a like amount of $10,000,000; thus
making the issue of certificates equal to
$20,000,000 if this latter provision be observed,
being but a modification of the former one; a re-
ceiving of the debt due to the public creditor, and
a returning of it to the treasury, and receiving, as
in the case of a private depositor, certificates for the
sum deposited. Thus, then, they had $20,000,000
of specie drawn from the circulation of the coun-
try, and paper certificates substituted. And yet even
this was not all; (or the mints had an unlimited
power to receive foreign coin, and to issue certifi-
cates for the coin so received. But further still;
the exchequer board was to be authorized to sell
bills of exchange, also to an unlimiied amount, at
a premium of not exceeding 2 percent. And for
what purpose, he would ask, was all this to be
done? It was certainly not to add to the circula-
tion of the country; for every dollar of the great
amounts he had enumerated wa* taken from the
circulating medium, for which the paper certifi-
cates were to be substituted. They were thus to
take the gold and silver from circulation, and sup-
ply the place of it with paper, that this Govern-
ment might become the depository of the funds of
individuals to the amount of millions, for which
this Government would become responsible.
Here the honorable gentleman's hour expired,
and he was suddenly brought to a full stop.
Mr. J. C. CLARK obtained permission to
make some explanaiions of a personal nnturc,
which he deemed called for by the remarks of his
colleague, [Mr. Gordon.]
Mr. EVERETT then moved that the committee
rise, and the motion was agreed to; and the com-
mittee rose accordingly.
The SPEAKER having taken the chair,
Mr. FILLMORE desired permission to say that
they had yet five appropriation bills which must
be passed, as they were indispen*able to allow the
Government to go on, viz: the navy pension bill;
the Indian treaty bill: the fortification bill; the har-
bor and river bill; and the civil and diplomatic bill
for the fiscal year. These must, ni'cessanlv, all be
acted upon; and they had bat nine days ol tne ses-
6ion left. He felt, therefore, bound to press for-
ward such bills as were before the House; and, at
the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Adams,] who had ihe bill under consideration
in charge, he now submitted a resolution to ter-
minate debate in Committee of the Whole upon
it, after it should have been further discussed half
an hour; and on this resolution he moved the pre
vious question.
The previous question was sustained by the
House; and the resolution was adopted.
The bill which the committee had amended—
whose purpose was to test the electro-magnetic tel-
egraph—was taken up for disposal; but, at the re-
quest of Mr. WINTHROP, was passed over to a
future day.
The House then again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole, and resumed the considera-
tion of the bill, which occupied its deliberations
when the committee last rose, (Mr. Winthrop in
the chair.)
Mr. EVERETT was understood to advocate the
postponement of legislation on this subject, until
it could be ascertained what the policy of China
would be with respect to the diplomatic agents of
foreign powers.
Mr. ADAMS said he did not think it necessary
to waste the time of the House in arguing the pro-
priety of a mission to China. The message of the
President was sufficient on that point.
He then replied to the objections urged against
the bill, on the ground that it placed too much
confidence in the President, and that the appro-
priation was to be made without restriction. The
motion which he had submitted, to strike out the
restrictions of law, which were applicable to other
diplomatic appropriations, was made after a con-
sultation with the Secretary of State, who thought
that to impose restrictions might embarrass the
progress of the negotiations.
Mr. HOLMES said he was one of those on the
Committee of Foreign Relations who had voted to
introduce this bill. In the present state of the
commerce of the world, he regarded the proposed
mission to China as more important than were
all our other missions together. The trade of
South America and Europe was fixed on an es-
tablished basis. But, by the opening of inter-
course with China, three hundred and twenty mil-
lions of people (hitherto shut out from the rest of
the world) would be brought within the circle of
commercial republics—for it was commerce that
rcpublicanized and civilized men. When England
was advancing in this matter, and preparing to
take to herself the exclusive benefits of the new
state of things in China—was it, he asked, wise
lor us to stand still until that nation should have
arranged the treaties between herself and China,
so as to exclude the United States from all advan-
tages whatever? He referred to the efforts now
making in France to induce the French Govern-
ment to move in this matter, and to secure a com-
mercial alliance ere England should have grasped
the whole fruit to herself. Should this Congress
refuse to make any exertion to obtain the benefit
of this intercoaise with China, merely for the sake
of $40,000, and the fear of trusting to Executive
discretion? He referred to the case of the Imaum
of Muscat, where we were compelled to act differ-
ently from our usual course. It was not our pol-
icy to receive presents from foreign Governments;
yet, in that case, Congress got around the Consti-
tution, because it would not have answered to send
the Imaum his presents back, and said to him that
it was contrary to our Constitution. Instead of
distributing his rich perfumes—the cdor of which
was unequalled in sweetness—the five vases were
sent to the Patent Office, and there deposited.
The benefits of a commercial intercourse with
China could not be too highly appreciated. No
man now had it in his power to estimate how
much of our surplus productions might be sold in
that almost boundless country, and how much of
our tobacco might be there chewed, in place of
opium. Let riot gentlemen continue to talk about
$40,000 an|! Executive discretion. He believed
the present Executive was as discreet as Presidents
generally. Hs believed ihat Mr. Webster, in his
Faneuii Hall ypeech, did more good for his country
than did any other speech he had ever made. Mr.
"Webster, in that speech, showed the Whig party
that he did not mean to have his mighty mind con-
fined to the narrow views and principles on which
they acted.
Mr, McICEON said there was nothing so very
peculiar in the case of China, that Congress should
depart from the usual restrictions of law, which
applied to diplomatic appropiiations generally.
He thought it would be better to take the matter
quietly, and go about it in a quiet business manner.
Should the bill pass as reported by the committee,
it would authorize a minister at a salary of $9,000
and §9,000 outfit. Pass it according to the amend,
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] and |40,000 would thereby be placed at
the disposal of the Executive—more than he (Mr.
McK.) was willing to'see placed in the hands of any
President. He shoHld be as liberal as any man in
fixing the salaries of the minister and secretary. But
the appropriation was only a beginning. The largest
ship in this country (the Pennsylvania) would no
doubt be selected to carry out whomsoever should
be selected, as minister in order to give as much
eclat as possible to our country. Then other ves-
sels would have to be sent to accompany this ship,
and to sail where her size would not allow her to
go. These, and other paraphernalia, would have
to be provided for the minister; and this $40,000
would be but a beginning of the expense. He
concluded by expressing the hope that the motion
to strike out the restrictions contained in the bill,
and thereby place the whole appropriation at the
disposal of the President, would not prevail.
Mr. BRONSON expressed it as his conviction
that we should possess further information before
such a measure as that of sending a minister pleni-
potentiary to China was adopted. He should pre-
fer having a commercial agent for the present.
The question was taken upon concurring in the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ad/ ms,] above stated, and decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 80, noes 55.
Mr- BRONSON moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert a section appropriating
$10,000 for a commercial agent to proceed to China,
and obtain infermation in relation to that country
which might be useful to the United States.
Mr. HOLMES said he would as soon have a
Chinese juggler.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 57,, noes 75.
Mr. MERIWETHER offered an amendment,
the effect of which was to place the mission to
China on the same footing as that to Turkey, and
to limit the salary of the minister to $6,000 per an-
num. The amendment was rejected.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the committee
rose and reported the bill to. the House; after
which,
Mr. ADAMS having called for the previous
question, it was seconded, and the main question
ordered.
Mr. ARNOLD then moved that the House ad-
journ: rejected, without a division.
The question was taken on the engrossment of
the bill, under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, and decided in the affirmative without a di-
vision.
Mr. ADAMS called for the previous question on
the passage of the bill; which was seconded by the
House, and the main question ordered; and the
main question beiBg taken on the passage of the
bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 96,
nays 59.
Mr. ADAMS moved a reconsideratign of the
vote just taken; which motion, under the'operation
of the previous question, was rejected.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS appealed to the House
to go into Committee of the Whole, to consider
a bill [title not heard] of some interest to the peo-
ple of his State.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved that the House
adjourn; which motion was carried, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE-
Wednesday, February 22, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro tem. presented to the Sen-
ate a petition from Ellen Dix, widow of a deceased
surgeon, praying a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presenied a memorial
from certain persons engaged in the manufacture of
fur hats at Louisville, praying that foreign hatteri'
furs may be admitted free of duty: referred to tha
Commiitee on Manufactures.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
made a report (which was ordsred to be printed)
adverse to the passage of House bill for the relief
of Rebecca Guest.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of the Western Railroad Company of
Massachusetts, praying remission of duties on cer-
tain railroad iron—the committee conceiving that
