328
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the necessity for a stone-wall dock, the experiment
ought to be tried at New York. Mr. BAYARD con-
tending that no experiment was to be made, as the
capability of a floating dock for repairs had been
already satisfactorily tested, and its incapacity for
building ships decided.
Mr. Graham's amendment was sustained by
himself and Mr. CONRAD.
The question was then taken on this amendment
to the amendment, and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 22, nays 17.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate,
and the several amendments made in committee of
the whole, with the exception of that relating to
$50,000 to the medical bureau for paying off ar-
rearages, and the last amendment, [Mr. Graham's,]
were concurred in.
In relation to the appropriation of $50,000 pro-
posed by the amendment made in committe® of the
whole for paying off arrearages ascertained by the
medical bureau—
Mr. WILLIAMS explained the estimates of the
bureau itself, with a view of showing that there
"would be enough without this $50,000 to pay the
arrearages.
Mr. EVANS differed from his colleague on this
point, and contended that the arrearages, amount-
ing to $82,753 77, would swallow up the whole ap-
propriation for medicines, &c.
After a good deal of discussion between the two
Senators, it appeared that some changes made in
the House, by which a few vessels would be thrown
out of commission, would necessarily lessen the
estimates about $10,000; which Mr. E. undertook
to strike off the appropriations after the adoption
of the committee's amendment.
The amendment was then concurred in.
Mr. Graham's amendment, adopted in commit-
tee, next came up, and was read.
Mr. TALLMADGE offered the following
amendment to the amendment, as a substute:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby di-
rected to apply $100,000 of th« appropriation men-
tioned in the 9ih clause of an act of Congress, ap-
proved on the 4th day of August, 1842, entitled
•An act making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice of 1842,' and the balances of former appro-
priations mentioned in said act, te the construction
of a floating dry-dock at Brooklyn, New York,
■upon the plan preferred by the commissioners ap-
pointed for that purpose; and if the said dock
prove satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy,
then the Secretary is hereby authorized to construct
a similar dock at Pensacola, of a proper size for
frigates of the smallest class, st a sum not to ex-
ceed §100,000; and the same is hereby appropriated
for that purpose."
Mr. BAYARD contended that this was a propo-
sition to force upon the Secretary of the Navy an
appropriation of $100,000 more than he himself
calls for, or says is necessary, contrary to his ex-
press remonstrance; for he says he does not want
a floating dock at New York at all. He says it
-would be wholly unnecessary.
Mr. WOODBURY asked if the Secretary of the
Navy had not called for a dry-dock at Brooklyn.
Mr. BAYARD said, in a former report be had;
but that would cost a million of dollars; and, in
the present state of the treasury, the Secretary did
not ask to prosecute it. He saya the docks already
in use are ample enough for a much larger navy
than ours, and will be sufficient, in time of peace,
for years to come.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The subject was further debated by Messrs.
ALLEN, BAYARD, WILLIAMS, WOOD-
BURY, and CALHOUN; and the amendment
(Mr. Tallmahoe's) was rejected—yeas 17, nays
22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Calhoun, Choate, Crafts, Cuth-
bert, Fulton, Kerr, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, Tappan, Wal-
ker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—17.
NAYS—Me©3rs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Benton,
Berrien, Buchanan, Clayton, Conrad, Crittenden, I>ayton,
Evans, Graham, Henderson, IJnntington, Linn, McRoberts,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, and Phelps—22.
The question then recurred on the amendment
of the committee of the whole, (Mr. Graham's,)
and it was concurred in.
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the appro-
priation "for the support of Africans recaptured on
the coast of Africa vr elsewhere, and returned to
Africa by the armed vessels of the United States,
#5,000."
Mr. B. made some observations not distinctly
heard in the gallery; but they were understood to
relate to the African squadron.
Mr. EVANS assured the Senator that this appro-
priation had nothing to do with the African squad-
ron. It was an appropriation annually made for
the specific purpose which it states. Whatever the
Senator had to say about the African squadron,
would more appropriately apply to another bill
from the House, which would be under the consid-
eration of the Senate in a few days. It was a bill
for carrying out the provision* of the treaty.
What followed was so imperfectly heard in the
gallery, that it is rather by inference than otherwise
it was understood that Mr. BENTON, with a view
of addressing the Senate,on the subject of appro-
priations for the treity, wished to have an adjourn-
ment; and Mr. EVANS urged that the Senator
might allow this bill to proceed, and reserve his
purpose for the House bill, yet to come up; on
which he said he could move an amendment, to the
effect that no money appropriated by (his appro-
priation bill should be applied to defraying the ex-
penses of the African squadron. This would
bring up the whole question. It was also under-
stood that Mr. BENTON asked the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations if any infor-
mation bad been received by this Government that
the British ministry did not construe the treaty in
the same light it was viewed by the Executive, as
to the old British claim of the right of search.
.Mr. ARCHER was understood to say he was
unadvised on that subject, but would endeavor to
be able to answer the Senator in the morning.
The adjournment not being pressed, the question
was taken on Mr. Benton's motion to strike out
the $5,000 appropriation for returning captured
Africans to the coast of Africa, and decided in the
negative.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. BUCHANAN gave notice that to-morrow
he would ask leave to introduce a bill in relation
to holding a court in the western district of Penn-
sylvania.
| Messrs. WALKER and CRITTENDEN asked
' and obtained leave to withdraw the papers of cer-
tain claimants.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to take up the bankrupt
bill, with a view of passing it over informally, that
it might be the first thing in order after the morn-
ing hour to-morrow.
The House bill to repeal the bankrupt act, and
the amendments proposed by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, were accordingly taken up, and, on motion,
passed over informally.
Mr. BAYARD called the attention of the Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Benton] to the resolution
which he (Mr. Batard) had introduced early in
the session, and to which the Senator had offered
an amendment—he meant the resolution to rescind
the expunging resolution. His object was to fix
some time for taking the vote on the amendment
and resolution. At this late period of the session,
when there was so much business to be done, he
had no intention of making a speech, or raising a
discussion on the subject; and would be perfectly
willing to let both go to the vote at once. But if
the Senator had a speech to make on his amend-
ment, and would fix a day for taking the vote, he
might do so.
Mr. BENTON said the Senator could recom-
mend his own time.
Mr. BAYARD proposed Friday next, during the
morning hour.
Mr. BUCHANAN thought, in consideration of
the pressing business yet to be accomplished, Fri-
day weak would be better. There were but eight
days of the session left to get through the most im-
portant business. The question could not be taken
on these resolutions without discussion.
After a few remarks from Messrs. BAYARD,
ARCHER, and BUCHANAN, the subject was
dropped; and
Tae Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 23, 1843.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Andrew
Ring and 67 other citizens of Lubec, Maine, pray-
ing Congress for an additional duty on sawed lum-
ber, spars, piles, wood, bark, &c. from the British
provinces; which was referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr.- WASHINGTON, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims, made an adverse report in
the case of the heirs of Captain John Winston;
which, on his motion, was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. McKENNAN asked the House to take up
a bill for the relief of Asahel Brainard, a man who
was laterally shot to pieces in the last war. The,
bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. PAYNE reported, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, Senate bill No. 109, being an
act for the relief of the heirs of William Fisher;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. DANIEL presented a petition in relation to
French spoliations prior to 1800: referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to present a variety
of petitions in his possession, which he had been
prevented from presenting on Monday, the usual
petition day, by the House going into Committee
of the Whole.
Mr. MALLORY objected.
Mr. ADAMS moved a suspension of the rules,
in order to enable him to present bis petitions.
Mr. MALLORY asked for the yeas and nays on
the motion, and they were ordered.
Mr. STANLY suggested to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ] that, as the House
was thin, he had better let his motion lie over
until the expiration of the morning hour.
The SPEAKER concurred in the propriety of
the suggestion.
Mr. ADAMS said he would agree to let the com-
mittees be called, provided the vote should im-
mediately afterwards be taken.
The SPEAKER then called on the committees
for reports.
Mr. S. J. ANDREWS, from the Committee on
Commerce, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of various petitions: agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported Senate bill 113,
relating to the appointment of the Assistant Post-
masters General of the United Stages; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BRIGGS also reported a resolution from
the same committee, to the effect that Monday
next shall be set apart for the consideration of all
such business as shall have been reported from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and
remains not acted on.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS inquired whether the
resolution included the bill from the Senate to pro-
hibit private expresses? If it did, he should move
to lay the resolution on the table, as he was op-
posed to that bill in every.shape.
Mr. BRIGGS replied that it included all bills
reported from the committee.
The resolution (requiring two-thirds) was re-
jected.
Mr. CHAPMAN, by direction of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, moved to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whele from the further consideration
of the bill in relation to the two per cent, fund of
Alabama under the distribution law.
The motion was rejected.
Mr. G. DAVIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill to authorize a survey of the
north line of the reservation for the half-breeds of
the Sac and Fox Indians, under the treaty of the
20 h August, 1824.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and then
read a third time, and passed.
