CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
329
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the same committee,
made an adverse report.
Messrs. MAYNARD and HALL, from the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, made
sundry adverse reports.
Mr. LINN, from tke Committee on Public Ex-
penditure?, reported a resolution, calling on ihe
several officers and heads of departments for in-
formation as to whether the l?ih section of
the act of last session, requiring a report of the
contingent expenses of the departments, printing,
&C; had been complied with.
The resolution was adopted.^
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS, from the Committee
on Commerce, reported a bill to fix the salary of
the surveyor of the port of Havre de Gracc, Md.;
a bill in aid of the Nantucket Marine Canal
Company; and a bill to authorize the construction
of a wharf at the custom-house at New London:
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House.
Mr. PENDLETON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a resolution requesting
the Secretary of War to inform the House whether
the pay of Major General Gaines had been reduced
to that of a brigadier general; when such reduction
took place; by whose order; and the reasons there-
for.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STOKELY, from the famefcommittee, re-
potted a joint resolution requesting the President to
cause a sword (to cost $1,000) to be made, and pre-
sented to Gen. Clinch, for his services and .good
conduct at the battle of Withlacoochie, in Florida:
read twice, and referred to ihe Committee of the
Whole on the stale of ihe Union.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a resolution to the effect that all
debate upon the bill for the relief of claimants un-
der French spoliations prior to 1800, shall cease in
Committee of the Whole on to-morrow at two
o'clock.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON inquired whether the
Bubject had ever been taken op in committee.
The SPEAKER said it bad last session.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the resolution or
the table. This motion was adopted—ayes 89,
noes 80.
Mr. FILLMORE moved ihe House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
This motion was adopted—ayes 84, noes 50.
Before the House went into committer, Mr.
ADAMS rose, and asked that the vote might be
taken on his motion to suspend the rules, in order
to enable him to present his petitions.
Objection was made in various quarters; the
effect of which was to induce Mr. STANLY to
move a reconsideration of the vote by which the
House had determined to go into Committee of' tiie
Whole. The reconsideration was carried, and Mr.
FILLMORE withdrew his metion to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL rose and asked leave
to offer a resolution of inquiry (in relation to the
construction put by the Biitish Government upon
the treaty of Washington.)
Objectioa was nnde; and, after much confuiion,
the Speaker resumed the call of committees for
reporis.
Mr. L W. ANDREWS reported a bill for the
relief of John Everard; which was read three times
and passed.
Messrs. S. N. CLARKE, AYCRIGG, and A.
YOUNG, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, made adverse reports.
Mr. YORKE endeavored to get in a resolution
for meeting at 10 o'clock hereafter. Objections
were made in all quarters of the hall.
Mr. TILLING HAST, from the Committee on
the Library, reported a joint resolution in relation
to the statue of Washington; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Unien.
Various members endeavored to obtain action
upon business relating to their constituents; but the
House refused to depart from the rules.
Mr. ADAMS asked the House to take the ques-
tion now on his motion to suspend the rules, to al-
low him to present petitions.
Mr. WISE inquired whether the petition on the
desk of the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Adams] was one of the petitions which he wished
to present.
[The gentleman from Virginia pointed to the
maumoth petition on frame-work, which we de-
scribed some few days since.]
The SPEAKER was understood to reply that
that was one of the petitions which the gentleman
from Massachusetts wished to present.
Mr. WISE asked whether it was figned by a
runaway slave from Virginia. [Cries of "Order."]
The SPEAKER said the motion was to suspend
for the presentation of petitions generally.
Mr. A. V. BROWN isquired if the yeas and
nays were ordered?
The SPEAKER replied that they were.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS inquired if, the motion
to suspend were sustained, whether it would sus-
pend objections to petitions of a particular descrip-
tion, also.
The SPEAKER said it"would not.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and resulted
thus: Yeas 80, nays 103.
So the rules were not suspended.
BRITISH CONSTRUCTION OP THE TREA-
TY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL again offered his reso-
lution; which was in these term^:
Resolved, That the President he requested to communicate
to this House (if not, m his opinion, improper) whatever cor-
respondent or communication may have been received from
tile Biltlbh Government respecting the. Picsident's construction
of the late British treaty concluded at Washington, as it con-
cerns an alleged right to visit American vessel's.
Mr. WISE objected to the reception of the reso-
lution.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved a suspen sion of
the rules for ihe reception of his resolution; and
on this he called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered; but, before the vote was taken, he
wished an extract to be read by ihe Clerk from a
speech delivered by Sir Robert Peel in the British
Parliament on this subject, which was of infinitely
more importance than any other that could be
brought before the House.
The extract was in the following terms:
I rejoice that the honorable gentleman has given mo an on-
portuuuy of making some observations 011 the late mc<sa«*e of
the Pioaidentofthe United States The sincere and earnest
dcsiie I have always entertained for the maintenance of a good
understanding between this country and the United States, and
the spun in which I have always spoken of America, makes it
a doubly paiutul duty to me to have to refer to that message-
which, I amsorry to say, does not give a corrcct account of the
negotiations retauve to the right of visit.
i'erhaps I may do right to confirm what the honorable "en-
tieman has said, that there is nothing more distinct than°the
light o( visit is from the light of search. Search is a belliger-
ent right, and not to he exercised in time of peace, except when
it has been concededby treaty. The right of seaio.h extends not
only to the vessel, but to (he carsro also. The right of visit is
quue distinct from this, though the two are often confounded
The right of search, with respect to American vessils we en-
tirely and utterly disclaim. Kay. mote: if we knew that an
American vessel was furnished with all the materials requisite
for the stave-trade—if we knew that the decks were prepared
to receive hundreds of human beings withm a space m which
life is almost impossible, still we should be bound 10 let that
American vessel pass on. But the nsht we claim is, to know
whether a vessel pretending to be American, and hoisting the
American flag, be bona fide American.
There must be some great misunderstanding upon the sub-
ject: but, considering the importance of maintaining this right—
a right not peculiar to England; considering that we are con-
tending for a right which is the only security against fraud
against the grossest abuses by parties interested m this Iniqui-
tous traffic; coilsldeiing that we are now tlie advocates of a
principle necessary for the interests and security of all mari-
time nations,—it is my duty to state, in the face of the House
oi Commons, that the claim to the right of visitation contended
for in the despatch of Lord Aberdeen has not been relinquished-
that, on this subject, there was made no concession whatever-
and that to the principles laid down in the despatch of Lord
Aberdeen we adhere at this moment. [Cheers Irom bo'h sides
of the House.]
With respect to the treaty which we have entered into with
the United States: in signing that treaty, we consider that we
have abandoned norirht 01 visitation. We do not understand
from the United States that they entered into that treaty
with any engagement lrom us to abandon the right of visita-
tion, wllich, if not necessarily connected with the question of
the slave trade, we thought that it was a step in advance when
the United States professed a readiness to despatch a naval
force to the coast ol Africa for the purpose of suppressing the
slave trade. We did not accept the detachment of that naval
force as an equivalent for any rieht which we claimed- yet
siilt we thoucht that, for a great country like the United States
to take that step with us on the coast of Africa, although the
power of visitation ia limited under the treaty in such case—
although we claim no right to visit slavers, bona Me Ameri-
can, and the right is to be exercised by vessels of the United
States—we thought it, I say, a step in advance towards the
ultimate suppression of the slave-trade to accede to the prono-
eiuon of the United States. ' '
But in acceding to that, we have not abandoned our clairaa
in the slightest degree; nor did it ever make any part ©f our in-
tention, during the controversy, to abandon the right to which
we lay claim in the despatch I have mentioned. _ [Hear, hear,
hear.] We have not contented ourselves, sir, with leaving this
fact to become known by a declaration in this House; but since
the appearance of the President's message, we have taken ail
opportunity of intimating to the United States the construction
we place on the treaty. [Oiieers.] I trust, sir, that 1 have
said enough to satisfy the House on this point. I trust, also,
that although compelled to avow a material difference of opin-
ion between the two Governments upon this material question,
I have stated this difference of opinion with the respect
which T wish to maintain towards the high authorities of the
United States. [Hear, hear.]
Objections were still made; and the Clerk began
to call the roll on the question of suspension of the
rules, on which the yeas and says had been order-
ed—great anxiety being manifested through the
House in relation to ihe matter.
Mr. WISE rase when the Clerk had called a
few name*, and said, if it was the desire of the
H^use to adopt the resolution, he would withdraw
his objection.
The call was, therefore, suspended, and the reso.
lation was adopted.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole, for the pur-
pose of taking up the general appropriation bills.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Gilmer took
the chair.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
take up the bill making appropriations for navy
pensions.
. Mr. GUSHING moved that the committee take
up the bill carrying into effect the treaty of Wash-
ington.
The motion of the gentleman from New York
was agreed to; and, after the bill had been read
through, and no amendment proposed, it was laid
aside, to be reported.
Mr. F'LLMORE then moved that the commit-
tee take up the bill makira; appropriations to fulfil
Indian treaties; and, as his sootipn wss agreed to,
he said he was instructed by the Committee of
Ways and Means to move to strike out an item for
the payment of a demand for articles furnished on
the order of Mr. Doty, tbe commissioner to nego-
tiate a treaty with certain Indian tribes.
Mr. JAMES COOPER, from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, by direction if that committee,
opposed the motion to strike out, and explained the
circumstances under which the articles were fur-
nished.
Mr. FILLMORE replied.
After some remarks from Messrs. COOPER of
Pennsylvania, REYNOLDS, and JOHN C. ED-
WARDS, in opposition to the amendment, and
from Mtsirs. FILLMORE and ISAAC D. JONES
in its favor, the question was taken on the amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
On motion by Mr. FILL?«?OKE, an amendment
was adopted, appropriating four hundred and odd
dollars for the removal of 250 of the New York
Indians west of tbe Mississippi.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, a further
amendment was adopted, appropriating $15,000
for the payment and subsistence of certain Choc-
taw Indians while attending, as witnesses, the in-
vestigations, by a committee of the House,of claims
arisifig under the Choctaw treaty. Also, a modifi-
cation of the bill, so as to include an appropriation
of $402, paid for the ransom of two white boys
from the Camsnehes.
Mr. GOGGIN offered an amendment, appropri-
ating $12,000 to satisfy certain contracts entered
into in 1836, by General Jesup, with certain Creek
chiefs; which, after some remarks from Mr. Q,(
was agreed to.
Mr. J. COOPER offered an amendment, appro-
priating f67,400 for ihe removal and subsistence of
the Choctaw Indians west of the Mississippi, in
pursuance of the tre*ty of 1830; also, an amend-
ment, appropriating' §51,000 for carrying into effect
the Chippewa treaty of October 4, 1842; both of
which were agreed to.
Several other amendments were made; and the
bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved that the fortifica-
tion bill be taken up; and the motion was agreed to.
Mr. REYNOLDS moved that the Appropriation
