CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333,
raised, where he that raises them is the authority
to solve them, and has an interest ia solving them
all in their own favor. Stopping a vessel on the
high seas, Mr. B. understood to be firing ahead of
her, and over h;r, and then through her, if she
does not stop. This was a rude process, even if
for.an innocent purpose; and he was against sub-
jecting American vessels to be so stopped by Brit-
ish cruisers.
Mr. B. concluded his remarks by reading the
passage!! from Sir R. Peel's speech and the Presi-
dent's message, which showed the difference be-
tween the two Governments in relation to the
meaning of the treaty; and which must lead to col-
lision between the two countries, if not prevented
by an immediate understanding.
Mr, ARCHER remarked that he had cause to
congratulate himself and the Senate that it would
not be necessary to reply to all the discurs.be ob-
servations of the Senator fro a Missouri; for the
time of the Senate would not be much delayed by
the few words he should find sufficient to prove
that there was no such diffeience of opinion be-
tween Sir Robert Peel and the President of the
United States as the Senator supposes; and if this
should be demonstrable, the Senator's arguments
must of course fall to the grountl. The extracts he
should now read from the President's messages, and
from the speech of Sir Robert Peel, would justify
him in asserting that there was no contrariety of
opinion between them on the subject of the treaty.
Sir Robert Peel asserted nothing new on the part
of the British Government; and what he did asiert
had been fully admitted by the President of the
United S ates. He (Mr. A.) had told the Senator that
it was because no answer could be obtained from the
British Government during the progress of.tbe nego-
tiations upon that particular point, and because the
British negotiator was not instructed to yield all we
desired; that this Government thought it expe-
dient to do what was considered the best thing—
and that was to render it improbable that those
callisions which had grown out of the exercise of
the right of visitation should again occur.
It was not because th8 two Governments differed;
it was because they agreed that it was considered
expedient, on the part of ihis Government, to take
the course it did. The views of this Government
and of the Government of Great Britain not only
agreed in themselves, but they agreed also with
the views of the Senator from Missouri himself, if
he would sincerely acknowledge them; but ho
greatly feared that the honorable Senator would
renounce hi-; own views rather than agree with
the Executive. The Senator had said that the
President had intimated, in both his messages, that
he regarded the right of search and the right of
visitation equivalent to one another; and that it
was because the President so regarded them, that
he bad been induced to procure the adoption of the
treaty. Why, he would have procured the renun-
ciation of the right of visitation also, if it had been
in his power to do so; but, as that could not be ob-
tained, an effort had been made to prevent the
practical operation of that right, and, consequently,
to prevent all collision that might possibly grow
out of its exercise.
He desired the particular attention of the Sen-
ate to the tenor and effect of the argument of the
Senator from Missouri. Attrr ihis Government
had vainly endeavored to induce the British Gov-
ernment to renounce the right of visitation, ihe
Senator would have us do nothing, because wo
could not obtain that concession. Although this
could not be obtained in the manner desired, yet
they had done what would amount to almost the
same thing. They had done what wot'ld take
away all motive on the part of the British Govern-
ment to carry into practical operation this right,
and they would thus have ail the beneficial fruits
of a direct renunciation.
The Senator from Missouri had spoken of the
wisdom of Jackson. This theme was a favorite
one with the honorable Senator. He would ask,
"Would Jackson, or would any man have exhibited
more wisdom, in the negot.aaon of such a treaty,
than this Government had done? But, admitting
the view taken ly the Senator from Missouri to be
well founded, what wosld it amount to, even in
that aspect? What was it he now asked the Sen-
ate to do? To break their plighted faith, (for he
could not pretend to deny that the faith of the
Government had been plighted to sbserve the stip-
ulation* of the treaty,) because, according to his
notion, we had not such provisions as weie expe-
dient. Sir, (said Mr. A,) was this the doctrine
which the honorable Senator meant to avow on
that floor? Did he mean to urge this doctrine
in relation to this or any other provision of the
treaty, all of which, it appeared, were obnoxious
to the honorable Senator? For the doctrine of the
honorable Senator, in relation to him who filled
the chief place in the Department of State, seemed
to be that ''nothing good could come out of Naza-
reth." He would put it to htm, if he took such
exceptions to all of the provisions of the treaty,
was the, faith of this Government to be renounced,
to be trampled upon, to be disregarded, unless
every provision of ihe treaty should be suitable to
the views of one of the parties to the treaty? This
was the true interpretation of the honorable Sena-
tor's doctrine; though he was sure he would not be
willing directly to avow and to vindicate such doc-
trine. But suppose the treaty to be as bad as the
honorable Senator represented it: would he refuse
ilie appropriation necessary to carry it into effect?
With ihe same propriety, he might refuse the ap-
propriation for cariymg the recaptured Africans io
their homer—which wa  made necessary by the
provisions of a former treaty—should those former
stipulations be castcelled, in consequence of the
Senator's objections to the recent treaty. Let the
S -nate judge, from the arguments employed by the
honorable Senator, how far that dispesiliou was
manifested.
Hp thought there could be no hesitation, ('he
gentleman having expectorated the wrath Rhich
filled his bosom,) but that he would now let ihe
appropi rations go on, and not violate the faith of
the Government. The Senator relied very much,
in ihfc course of his obseivations, upon the alleged
discrepancies between the two messsges of the
President—the one of August 11 of labt year, ana
the other at the beginning of the present session.
He (Mr. Archer) asserted that the purport of the
two was identically the same. Tne President, in
both r.l them, took the ground that he w*s now
slating—not that the right of visitation had been
renounced, but that we had procured certain ar-
rangements in tuhshtution of the exercwe of that
right. Mr. A. then read from the message accom-
panying the treaty, what followed that which the
honorable Senator read:
"In my at the commencement of the present session
of Connie®*, I endeavored to state the pmciftjes which this
Government ouppous respecting the right ol search and the
runnnnty of Dmrous ot mainUirnnc thote principles
fully, at ihoMme nine that existing obligations should be ful-
filled, L have thought it most consistent with liie honor and
dignity ul the eountiy that, u ahould exocute it5, uwri laws, and
perform ii-t own oUr'auons, by its own mearw and it* own
power. The exunurution or visitation ot the merchant vessels
of one nation, by the cruisers of another, for any purposes
cxcept those known and acknowledged by the law of natior.s,
under whatever if-nransts or lobulations it may lake plare,
may lead t > dangerous losults. It is Jar better by oiae;- means
l" FiipeiM-'du u.ii^ supposed ncov^Hy, 01 any motive, for such
examination or visit. Intt'rfeienre with a rneich«uv., ve^el !<y
an armed cruiser is a! wa>s a delicate proceeding, apt to touch
the point ot national honor, as well as to affect tne interests of
individual-, Ith.->s been thought, therefore,expedient—not on'y
in accoidance with the stipulations of the trea'y of Ghent, hut,
at the same time, as removing all pve'ext, on the paU of
o'heis, lor Yiotatins the nnmu'ntu s oi the Ameru-an Jhig upon
fhr* sons, m they e\>st and are defined by the law of nations—
to enter into the articles now submitted to the Senate.''
He reaffirmed that the grounds taken in the
tv;o messores were the vsame identically, to wit:
not that the right uf visitation bad been at^ndoned,
but tha' aa rquiv^lent had been obtained.
Mr. BENTON desired to read a single sentence,
to show \ha d ffVrerfle between th  two mrssage*?.
Mr, ARCHER observed that, if there v/*s a dif-
frre* ce, it wao not upon, this point. It was because
the riihf of visitation had not been renounced, that
provision was made for the African bqn&dron.
Mr. BENTON said 'he real question was the
disagreement between Ihis Government and that of
Great Britain aw to the true interpretation of the
treaty. To show that there was a difference, he
would first read the language of the President of
the United States, and then that of Sir Robert Peel.
The President of the United States, ia his annual
message to Congress at the beginning of tbis ses-
sion, says (and it is to that message Sir Robert
Peel alludes:)
"In the enforcement of the laws and treaty stipulations of
Great Britain, a practice had threatened tc grow up, on the part
of its cruisers, of subjecting to visitation ships sailing under
the American flag; which, while it seriously involved our mar.
itime rights, would subject to vexation a branch of our trad©
which was daily increasing, and which required the fostering
care of the Government And although Lord Aberdeen, in his
correspondence with the American envoys, at London, ex-
pressly disclaimed all right to detain an American shsp on the
high seas, even if found with a cargo of slaves on board, and
restricted the British pretension to a mere claim to visit and
inquire; yet it could not well be discerned by the Executive of
the United States how such visit and inquiiy could be made
without detention on the voyage, and consequent interruption
to the trade. It was regarded as the right ol seaich, presented
only in a new Jorm, and expressed in different words."
'•From this it will be seen that the ground assumed in th®
message has been fully maintained, at the same time that the
stipulations of the treaty of Ghent are to be carried out in good
faith by the two countries; and that all pretence is removed for
inteifurence with our commerce, for any purpose whatever, by
a foreign Government."
He should now torn to what Sir Robert Peel
said in his late speech in Parliament:
"I rejoice that the honorable gentleman has given me an op-
portunity of making some observations on the late message of
the President of the United States. The sincere and earnest
desire I have always entertained for the maintenance of a good
understanding between this country and the United States, and
the spirit in which I have always spoken ol America, makes it
adoubly painful duty to me to have to refer to that message;
which, I am sorry to say, does not give a correct account of the
negotiations relative to the right of visit."
He then goes on to state the difference between
the right of search and the right of visitation, and
then says:
"I trust, sir, that I have said enough to satisfy the House on
this point. I trust, also, that although compelled to avow a
materia! difTeience ol opinion between the two Governments
upon this material question, I have stated this diflerence of
opinion with the respect which I wish to maintain towards the
high authorities of the United States."
There >s another part in which he declares ex-
press!y that the right of visitation, claimed in Lord
Aberdeen's despatch, has not been relinquished,
and trill not be relinquished. Now, here is palpa-
ble evidence that there is a difference of opinion as
to the construction of the treaty, between Sir Robt.
Peel and the Executive of the United States. That
was the pom! at issue.
Mr. ARCHER observed, that all the speech said,
was, that the British Government had not re-
nounced the right of visitation contended for in
Lord Aberdeen's despatch; and the President of
the United States sajs it was because the British
Government would not renounce the right of visita-
tion, that the arrangement became necessary for
placing a squadron in the African seas to carry
out our own laws, and supersede the necessity for
thj eiercHe 01 ihe right of visitation adhered to
by the British Governme nt, There is no difference
of opinion in Sir Robert Peel's views and those of
t'ie President of the OWcd S'atcs, as to the ad-
herence of the British Government to the right of
visilfJion
Mr. BENTON had read from Sir Robert Peel's
rpeech the passages in which hs> insisted on his
interpret vtion of the treaty. He should now read
a p?.ss3K8 nom the Prssiaent'? mes^sgs of Decem-
ber las', in ivhxh are stated his views in relation
to the syno-iyraes—right of search and right of
visitation. He says:
'• In close conformity with these views, the eighth article of
the treaty was framed, which provides that 'each nation shall
keep at, in the African seas, a force of not less than eighty
a-Liu.-', tu act. separately, and apart, under instructions from
tin ir respective Governments, and for the einoicement, of
their lespernve laws and obligations.' From Ihis, it will be
r>" n that the ground assumed io the message has been fully
iiidinUKied * and that all pretence is re*
iiiovul /or interference with o.ir commerce, fot any purpose
whatever, by any foreign Government."
Now, what ne (Mr. B ) insisted on, was this:
That there was a radical difference of opinion be-
tween the two Governments as to the construc-
tion of the treaty; and thet in (ha most vital point;
«nd thit we rhould have this difference cleared up
before we go any farther.
 :r. ALLEN said it was very well known, that,
at the time the treaty was presented for ratifica-
tion, it was supposed by many that its phraseology
would give rite to a difference of construction;
and by some it was supposed that it was so arranged
as to admit of a difference of construction, with
the express view of creating future difficulties,
