CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
the coast of Africa, according to the stipulation of
the treaty, will incur no additional expense, as it
requites no addition to the nary, and involves
only a slight alteration in the arrangements of the
fleets and class of vessels. Suppose it was decided
that no sqaadron should be kept on the coast of
Africa, and'the bill were, recommitted: still, no ap-
propriation could be stricken out; for the whole of
the navy must be provided for. Did not the Sena-
tor from Missouri, then, see that he would not at-
tain his object by recommitting the bill? But he
could obtain his object, (if it was as he presumed it
to be, to give himself and those who, with him, were
hostile to the treaty, an opportunity of expressing their
views and obtaining another vote on the subject,)
if he would reserve his hostility till the House bill
making appropriations for carrying out the pro^
visions of the treaty should come up; when, by a
motion to strike out the sixth section, hs could
bring up the whole question. He could move to
insert a provision that no portion of the money
appropriated by the navy appropriation bill should
be applied to the expenses of any squadron em-
ployed on the coast of Africa in pursuance of
the late treaty with Great Britain,
He would ask, how much of the valuable time
of this short session had been already thrown away
in useless discussion of that treaty, long after that
discussion could, by any possibility, effect any
practical purpose? It. the Senator from Missouri
still thought he had not exhausted the subject, he
could, when the bankrupt bill was disposed of, de-
vote another day to it; and, all important business
being first disposed of, he might proceed with his
discussion to his heart's content.
Mr. CUTHBERT did not consider the informa-
tion furnished by the despatch from our . minister
at London, nor the speech of Sir Robert Peel, suf-
ficient to warrant immediate action on the subject.
In the various reports of that speech, there were
evident obscurities, leaving it uncertain if the re-
marks of Sir Robert Peel did not exclusively re-
late to the general right of visitation, and not to
the visitation on the coast of Africa in reference to
the Slave-trade,
The 8th article of the treaty relates to the right
of visitation on the coast of Africa, and the slave-
trade; and so far, it is unquestionably a suspen-
sion of the British right of search. He (Mr. C.)
pointed out an inconsistency with which Sir Robert
Peel would stand chargeable if he did not make
this reservation; and, therefore, he thought there
was too much obscurity in the language of his
speech, as reported, to warrant any action of the
Senate upon the subject, till better informed.
Mr. CALHOUN said he did not rise to enter
into the discussion, but merely to say that he
thought the information was really too imperfect
upon which to base any action. This discussion
was entirely lost, if a paper which he had re-
ceived from a friend in London contained a correct
report of the speech, he conceived that there was
not the slightest difference between the opiaion of
Sir Robert Peel and that of our Government as to
the right of visitation. Sir Robert Peel had spoken
of the right of visitation in its more enlarged sense;
whilst the stipulation of the treaty had reference
only to vessels engaged in the .slave-trade on the
coast of Africa. The question was, whether the
right of visitation was waived or abandoned, so
far as the examination of vessels on the coast of
Africa was concerned, in the treaty stipulations.
He certainly understood Sir Robert Peel to admit,
by the reading of the speech, as reported in the
paper alluded to, (the European Times,) that the
right was abandoned so far as that point was con-
cerned. And, to give greater weight to this posi-
tion, it'now turned out that the proposition came
from us. He knew that there were other portions
of the speech which would induce a different opin-
ion; but he believed that, upon eclairsissement, it
would be found that, while the President, in his
message, had reference to visitation on the coast of
Africa, Sir Robert Peel meant visitation gen-
erally.
Mr. ARCHER here interrupting, made some
remarks in confirmation of the view taken by the
Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. CALHOUN proceeding, said that it was '
imp< s-ible for any o;a  to n-ad the trt aty, and say
th'at the right of visitation was notsuperseded by the
provisions of that treaty. It was superseded; and
he had so treated it in his speech on the treaty; and
no man could read that treaty without being thus
satisfied that each party was to take supervision
of its own vessels. When they looked at the ob-
ject of the negotiation on this point, no doubt could
be entertained. What was the immediate object?
Was it not this—to enter into stipulations with
Great Britain, such as she had made with all Eu-
ropean powers? He believed they had the super-
vision, not only of their own vessels, but of all Eu-
ropean vessels. What was the result of this state
of things? The result was, that our flag was used
by all persons engaged in the slave-trade. Great
Britain then threw herself on the five European
powers. She wished to make it a question, not of
municipal regulation, but of international law, All
the great Christian powers agreed to accept it but
this country alone.
Mr. C. spoke at some length, with a view to
show that all Europe hkd given the construction to
the treaty which had been given to it by Sir Robert
Peel, (as he understood his remarks,)—that, by its
provisions, the right of visitation was superseded
011 the coast of Africa.
[The indistinct manner in which Mr. C.'s re-
marks were heard in the reporters' gallery induces
the reporter to defer them for future publication,]
Mr. BAGBY submitted an amendment to tlie
instructions movsd by ihe Senator from Missouri;
it was to strike out the appropriation of $5,000 for
the expenses of captured Africans returned to the
coast of Africa.
Mr. CALHOUN entreated his friend (the Sena-
tor from Alabama, Mr. Bacby) not to embarrass
the question by the introduction of this new issue.
Mr. BAGBY said he would, withgreat pleasure,
yirkl to the request of his honorable friend from
South Carolina, if he could reconcile it to himself
to depart from the rigid line of duty by which he
had been induced to offer the amendment. He
believed it was imperative, because it was the last
chance he could hare of moving to strike out that
appropriation, which, small as it was, involved a
principle of great magnitude.
Mr. CUTHBERT did not see why the Senator
from South Carolina should object to blending the
two issues which related to the same subject. He
should vote for the motion of the Senator from
Alabama with great pleasure.
Mr. KING begged leave to ask his honorable
colleague what was to be done with the Africans
recaptured by the vessels of the United Slates; in
the execution of existing laws? Were they to be
thrown into the sea, upon being recaptured? or
were they be brought to this country? Either must
be done, if they were not to be taken back to the
coast of Africa. Now, he knew his colleague
would not have them thrown into the sea; and,
even if admissible to bring them to this country,
they could not be brought here without expense!
The best course, under the circumstances, had
been pursued for years; and that was, to take them
to the coast of Africa; but that incurred some ex-
pense, and this annual appropriation was made to
defray that expense. With respect to the main
subject of discussion, he felt bound to say that he
thought, the information before the Senate was not
sufficient to justify the course proposed by his hon-
orable friend from Missouri. He (Mr. K.) did
not differ from the views taken by the President
of the United State0—that the arrangement made
in the treaty, with regard to keeping a squadron
of eighty guns on the coast of Africa, was an ad-
justment of the difficulty growing out of the British
claim of the right of visitation, which thatarrangc-
ment superseded; and that there could be no other
object understood by the negotiators, is manifest
from the fact of L^rd Ashburton being sent here
to adjust the principal difficulty, which could not
be adjusted otherwise, in consequence of the British
Government insisting on the right of visitation
What was the object of bringing the subject to the
view of this Government at all, if it wss not to in-
duce some arrangement which would admit of a
suspension of the claim of the British Government
to ihe right of visitation on board our vessels on
the coast of Africa? Lord Aberdeen had refused
any concession. It was not the right of search
that was claimed. That had been unequivocally
given up. It was the right of visitation; and that
was what gave rise to the principal difficulty, so
hard to adjust between that Government and
this. We had declared that we could not,
and would not, concede the right of visitation on
any terms. The misconduct of British officers,
under pretence of ascertaining the validity of
the American flag on board our merchant ves-
sels, had been the subject of constant complaint.
It had become intolerable, and we could no longer
suffer it. Here, then, was a direct point of collision;
and that was what bought Lord Arshburton to
this country with a view  f adjusting the difficulty.
There was no longer a question as to ihe right of
search; for that had been given up long ago. The
thing to be settled was the claim of the right of
visitation, for the mere purpose of ascertaining the
validity of the American flag when hoisted by any
ship on the African coast. Even the inviolability
of the American flag, if a ship properly entitled to
carry it had slaves on board, wss admitted. The
British Government declared that in such case they
had no right to interfere. But such would be a
case of violation of our own laws; and we are under
obligations to those laws to prevent their violation.
It was, theiefote, proposed by this Government to
adopt a course which would supersede the neces-
sity of British visitation to ships bearing our flag
on that coast, by keeping 80 guns afloat there to
enforce our own laws on our own vessels, and to
execute the right of search ourselves in relation to
vessels hoisting our flag. The 8th article of the
treaty proves that the arrangement was thus ac-
cepted by Lord Ashburton, as superseding the ne-
cessity for the British right of visitation; for it points
out the very mode in which vessels shall be vis-
ited.
He did not pretend to say that a newspaper re-
port of Sir Robert Peel's speech could be taken as
a correct version of the speech itself. There were
evidently obscurities in the version read by the
Senator from South Carolina. He (Mr. K.) had
seen the version in the London Times, and he
could not help saying that it was more likely to
be correct; but, in that version, it appeared to him
that Sir Robert Pee! took still stronger ground than
that assumed in the other. It bore the impression
that he maintained, not only the British right of
visitation in the general sense, but in a sense
which would extend it to the coast of Africa. If it
should turn out that such was his meaning, it
would be a subject of infinite surprise to him; for
he would consider it a palpable violation of the
treaty. We had agreed to do what, as an inde-
pendent nation, we were bound to do—to carry into
execution our own laws; and, therefore, there re-
mained no longer a pretence for England to perse-
vere in her claim of a right of visitaiion. Had he
not considered this point clearly settled, he never
would have voted against striking out that article
in the treaty. He firmly relied on its being a
suspension of the British claim, and that it was so
stipulated by Lord Ashburton. He was satisfied
ot this, because he so understood it from Lord Ash-
burton himself. There was a bare possibility that
the new state of circumstances in England, and
in the intoxication resulting from recent successes,
Sir Robert Pt ele, in Wis speech, had given way to
the national excitement, and expressed himself in
a manner not justified by the original understand-
ing of the treaty.
Mr. CALHOUN observed, that if Great Britain
should, in the face of the facts, interpret the treaty
in tbe manner supposed, and should act upon that
interpretation, we would, in contesting that point
with her, have the advantage on our side not only
of being right, and having the sympathies of the
world with us, but we should have all the benefit of
an appeal to  he lass? of nations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN" said it seemed to him not
a little strange, that gentlemen who seem to be
most sensitive on the subject of British aggression
on the coast of Africa, and everywhere else, should
be the first to move a curtailment of appropria-
tions for the navy—the only force we have at all
capable of keeping in check that very propensity
