340
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The debate was fariher continued by Messrs.
BERNARD and GIDDINGS.
The hour having expired for the termination of
debate, the committee proceeded to vote on the
amendments proposed.
Mr. TlCLINGHAST submitted an amendment
to appropriate a sum fot the survey of a harbor in
Block island; which was negauved.
Mr. STEENROD offered the following amend-
ment; which was agreed to:
Provided^ That, of the sum appropriated for the Cumberland
road. 025,000 of the same shall be appropriated for continuing
the Cumberland road in Virginia, ana the purchase of mate*
rials for the construction of a bridge over the Ohio river, at
Wheeling, Virginia.
Mr. REYNOLDS offered an amendment, pro-
viding that an appropriation should be made of
$2 000 for the survey of the route for the national
road from Vandalia, by Greenville, to Alton, in
the State of Illinois; said survey to be made under
the direction of the Secretary of War, who will
• report the amount of money necessary to construct
! the said road from Vandalia to Alton.
i The amendment was negatived.
A great variety of amendments were offered by
gentlemen foT the appropriation of sums to improve
rivers and harbors near the respective districts
which they represent; the whole of which were
negatived. The movers were Messrs. HOWARD,
ANDREWS of Ohio, RANDALL of Maine,
B0TT8, 0o improve James liver, $30,000,) REY-
NOLDS, J. P. KENNEDY, WILLIAMS of Con-
necticut, SALTONSTALL, J. CAMPBELL,
BOARDMAN, FESSENDEN, W. B. CAMP-
BELL, J. L. WILLIAMS, AYCRIGG, TALIA-
FERRO, ($50,000 for the improvement of Rappa-
hannock river up to Port Royal, and $10,000 for
the removal of obstructions in Occoquan river.)
WINTHROP, R. W. THOMPSON, TILLING-
HAST, MALLORY, (for the improvement of the
Dismal Swamp,) LEVY, J. R. INGF.RSOLL,
RAYNEU, PLUMER, (for the improvement of
the Alleghany river from Pittsburg, Pennsylvania,
to Olean.New York, §50,000.) J. C. EDWARDS,
(for further improving the harbor of St. Louis, in
the State of Missouri, $25,000,) HUNT, FILL-
MORE, awl others.
Mr. HOLMES offered an amendment appro-
priating §5,000,000 for opening a communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, by way of
the isthmus of Darien.
Mr. TILLINGHAST offered, as an amendment
to the amendment, #100,000 for Hell-gate, in New
York.
This amendment was rejectad—ayes 66, noes 69.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY moved, as an amendment
to the amendment, a clause appropriating $50,000
for enclosing the harbor of Charleston, South Car-
olina*. agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
as amended, and it was rejected.
Mr. YORKE offered an amendment appropria-
ting-^,000 for Delaware river: rejected.
Mr. WISE moved that the committee rise: re-
jected—66 to 100.
Mr. WELLER moved to reduce the appropria-
tion for the Hudson river from $153,000 to $50,000:
rejected.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the appropria-
tion for the Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Ark-
ansas rivers, was stricken out.
Mr. CHITTENDEN offered an amendment
making an appropriation for Black river, New
Yotk, and for Sackett's Harbor: rejected.
Mr. GRAHAM moved that the committee rise,
and report the bill, with a recommendation that it
be rejected.
After some confusion and discussion on points
of order, the motion was carried—ayes 97, noes
75.
The committee then ro«e, and reported the bill,
with the recommendation that it be not passed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved that it be laid
on the table.
Mr. FILLMORE asked for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted—yeas 107, nays
87, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Amok], Amotion, Afherton, Aycrigg, Bar-
ton, Bidlack, Boardman, Botts, Boyd, A V. Brown, Milton
Brown, BuJte, William Butter, Wi!liam|0, Sutler, Patrick
C. Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas
J. Campbell, Caruthers, Cary, Chapman, Colquitt, Crawford,
Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Deberry, John C. Edwards, Egbert,
John <3. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance, Thomas F. Foster,
Gamble, Gentry, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, William O. Goode,
Gordon, Graham, Green, Gustine, Gwin, Hall, Halsted, Har-
ris, Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Ilubard, Jack, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Isaac D. Jones. Keim. Lewis, Lit.
tlefield, Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay,Mal-
)ory,Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Maxwell, Meriwether, Miller,
Mitchell, Moore, Newhard, Osborne, Owsley, Parmenter,
Payne, Pickens, Pope, Powell, Ramsey, Alexander Randall,
Rayner, Reding, Rencher, Rhett, Rogers, Roosevelt, Saunders,
Shaw, Shepperd, Shields, Wm. Smith, Snyder, Sprigg, Alex-
ander H. H. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, Jacob- Thompson,
Trotti, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, Van Buren, Washing-
ton, Watterson, Westbrook, Christopher H. Williams, Joseph
I.. Williams, Wise, and Wood—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Landaft'W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye, Blair, Borden, Brewster,
Briggs, Bronson, Chailes Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Calhoun,
Casey, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Cross, Cushing,
Garrett Davis, Dean, John Edwards, Everett, Ferris, Fessen-
den, Fillmore, Gates, Giddings, Patrick G. Goode, Granger,
Henry, Howard, Hudson, Hunt, Charles J. Ingersoll, James
Irvin, William W. Irwin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lane, Linn,
McKennan, Samsuri Mason, Mathiot, Mathews, Mattocks, May-
nard, Medill, Morris, Morrow, Oliver, Plumer, Benj. Randall,
Randolph, Reynolds, Ridgway, Riggs, William Russell, James
M. Russell, Saltonstall, St^enrod, Stokely, Stratton, John T.
Stuart, Sweney, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Triplett, Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward, Wei-
ler, Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke,
Angustus Young, and John Young—87.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote just taken; and called for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. ARNOLD moved that ihe House adjourn;
which motion was carried, and
The House adjourned.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON presented a petition
of George W. Campbell, Samuel K. Mclihenny,
and 112 other citizens of Mississippi, praying the
establishment ot a stage mail line between Louis-
ville, Mississippi, via Macon, in that State, to Clin-
ton, Alabama.
Mr. STOKELY presented the petition of Amasa
Bailey, H. B Willman, and 200 other citizens of
the State of Ohio, praying Congress to pass a law
authorizing an issue of $200,000,000 of stock,
ba'-ed on the proceeds of the public lands, bearing
an interest of 4 per cent, per annum: referred to
the select committee on that subject.
Also, the petition of D. L. Collier, M. Roberts,
and 82 other citizens of the countiesof Columbiana
and Jefferson, in Ohio, praying the establishment
of a mail route within the said counties: referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 24, 1843.
Mr. McROBERTS presented joint resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Illinois, setting forth
the great loss sustained by the people of that Stale,
and adjacent States, in consequence of the obstruc-
tions in the navigation of the Mississippi and its
tributaries; and asking Congress, most earnestly,
to adopt some system of appropriations for the im-
provement, effectually, of all the great rivers in
the West.
The resolutions were read, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented several memorials
adopted by the Legislature of Illinois—one urging
a reduction of postage on letters and newspapers;
the second urging that the tariff law may be so
modified as to admit salt free of duty; the third
recommending the adoption of measures for the
purpose of establishing the boundary line north-
west of the Rocky Mountains, in the Oregon Ter-
ritory; ihe fourth recommending a reduction of ihe
price of such public lands as have been a long time
in the market, and urging a modification of the law,
passed many years ago, regulating the sales of the
public lands, so as to remove the restriction to the
entry of more than one quarter section.
Messrs. YOUNG and MeROBERTS made some
remarks, explaining the existing land laws, the
onerous operation of the restriction alluded to, and
urging ths propriety of its removal.
The memorials were then ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented three memorials from
the counties of Kendall and Lasalle, Illinois, pray-
ing for the establishment of a mail route from
Napierville to Ottawa, in that State; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial from
citizens of the Territory of Wisconsin, praying
that a law may be passed limiting the term of ser-
vice of the representatives in their legislative
council to one year; which was referred to the
Judiciary Committee.
Also presented a ■ petition from citizens of Al-
bany, N. Y, against the annexation of Texas to
the United States; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Also presented a memorial from citizens of Or-
leans county, N. Y., proposing to Congress a plan
for a fiscal exchequer, as a means of regulating
the currency; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented a petition from citi-
zens of Maine, praying an increase of the duties
on imported fish and lumber; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a memerial from citi-
zens of the counties of Jefferson and Brooke, Va.,
and the county of Washington, Pa., praying the
establishment of a mail route from Steubenville,
Ohio, to Washington borough, Pa.; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the following
bills from the House, viz:
The bill making appropriations for certain for-
tifications of the United States tor the half calendar
year, beginning on the 1st day of January, and
ending on the 30th June, 1843; and for the fiscal
year, beginning on the 1st July, 1843, and ending
on the 30th June, 1844;
The bill making appropriations for the payment
of naval pensions due on the 1st July, 1843, and
the 1st January, 1844; and
The bill making appropriations for the fulfil-
ment of treaty stipulations with various Indian
tribes, and for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, for the half calendar
year, beginning on the 1st of January, and ending
on the 30th June, 1843; and for the fiscal year,
beginning on the 1st July, 1843, and ending on the
30th June, 1844.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bills from the House for the relief
of Asa  —, and granting an increase of pen-
sion to Isaac Plummer.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass, the bill for the
relief of John Carey.
Mr. SMITH, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with an amendment, House
bill to regulate the mode of paying over to the
State of Alabama the two per cent, fund relin-
quished to that State, by permitting the notes of the
Bank of Alabama to be received from actual set-
tles, iti payment for lands sold in that State. Mr.
S. said that the bill had been amended to corres-
pond with the Senate bill which had been reported
from the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. KING, the bill was taken up
as in committee of the whole, considered, and ihe
amendments being adopted, it was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, and finally passed.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that they do not pass,
House bill lor the relief of Frances M Lewis,
widow of W. Lewis; and the bill for the relief of
Mary Neale.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Commitee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, the bill
from the House authorizing an examination and
survey of the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee.
Mr. BAYARD, also, made an adverse report on
the petition of Ellen Dix, the widow of a deceased
naval officer, praying for the renewal of a pen-
sion.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee en the
I Judiciary, reported back, without amendment, and
