4
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOLMES then observed that he was one
of those who believed that righteousness exalteth
a nation. He would, therefore, move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole,
to take tip the French spoliation bill, and do jus;
tice.
. Mr. MALLORY moved a reconsideration of the
vote jast taken, on rejecting the bill to suspend the
operations of the apportionment act, and moved
the previous question on the motion. Mr. M.
• however, withdrew the motion at the request of
Mr. WISE, who promised to renew it, after ma-
king an explanation.
Mr. WISE said that he voted for the bill fixing
the ratio of representation, because he believed
that it was necessary, and ought to pass, and he
did so, though he believed that the second section
was a nullity, and would be set aside by the next
Congress. Now this bill proposed to repeal the
section of a law, which he believed to be a nullity;
and for him to vote for it, would be to declare that
he believed that section to be operative. With this
explanation, he would renew the motion for the
previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered; when
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL called for the yeas and
nays on the main question; which were ordered,
and resulted in yeas 93, nays 100, as follows:
YES.S—Messrs. Arnold, Arrington, Atherton, Barton, Bee-
eon, Bidlack, Borden, Bowne, Brewster, Briggs, Aaron V.
Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, William Butler, Wm. O.
Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbellt William B.
Campbell, Casey, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Cross, Gushing, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Daw-
son, Doan, Doig, Ferris, John G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd,
Gamble, Gerry, Gilmer, Goggin, Gustine, Halsted, Harris,
Hastings, Holmes, Houck, Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles
J. Ingersoll, Jack, John W. Jones, Keim, Littlefield, Lowell,
Kobert McClellan, Mallory, Thomas F. Marshall, Mitchell,
Moore, Newhard, Parmenter, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Red-
ing, Rencher, Reynolds, Rhett, Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanford,
Saunders, Shaw, Shields, William Smith, Snyder, Stokely,
Alexander H. H. Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Jacob Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Trotu, Van Buren, Van Rensselaer, "Wal-
lace, Ward, Watterson, Westbrook, Edward D. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, and Wood
—93.
j NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landalf W: Andrews, S,
.Andrews, Aycrigg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Boits, Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown,
Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Calhoun, Caruthers, Childs, Ciut-
lenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke, James Cooper, Cia*
vens, Crawford, G.urett Davis, Deberry, John Edwards,
John C. Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, Thomas F.
Foster, Giddmgs, William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham, Gran-
ger, Green, Hall, Hays, Henry, Hopkins, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingersoll, Jamea Irvm, William W. Irwin,
James, Isaac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy, Andrew Kennedy,
King, Linn, Abraham McClellan, McKay, McKennan, Al-
fred Marshall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meri-
wether, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Pope,
Powell, Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall,
Randolph, Rayner. Ridgway, William Russeli, James M.
Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd, Steenrod, Stratton, John T.
Stuart, Summers, John B. Thompson, Toland, Tomlinson,
Triplet^ Turney, Underwood, Washington, Weller, Joseph
L. White, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Wise, Augustus
Young, and John Young—100.
So the motion for reconsideration was rejected.
Mr. GWIN said that he was temporarily out of
the hall, on business, when his name was called.
He was anxious to vote for a reconsideration of
the vote rejecting the bill.
The SPEAKER said, if there was no objection,
the gentleman could vote.
Mr. BRONSON objected.
CONTESTED ELECTION BILL.
The SPEAKER announced the bill 10 regulate
the taking of testimony in cases of contested pac-
tions, and for other purposes, to be now in order.
Mr. SAUNDERS moved to lay the bill on the
table.
The yeas and nays were called for, and order-
ed; and, being taken, resulted—yeas 86, nays 110,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Beeson, Bowne, Brew-
eter, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Blown, Burke, William Butler,
WjJUam O. Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, Cary, Clinton, Coles,
Mark A. Cooper, Cross, Cushing, Daniel, Richard 1). Davis,
Dawson, Doan, Doig, John C. Edwards, John G. Floyd, Gerry,
Goggm, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gustine, Gwin, Harn?,
Hastings. Hays, Holmes, Hopkins, Houck, Houston, Hubaid,
Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Wiiliam W. Irwin, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Lewis, Little-
fielcl, Lowell, Abraham McClellan, Robeit McOlellanj McKay,
Mallory, Marchand, Mathews, Medill, Miller, ISewhard, Oliver,
Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Pope, Read, Rediijg, Reynolds, Rheu,
Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Shields, Snyder,
StPenrod, Sumter, Jacob Thompson, Trotti, Turney, Van
Buren, Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook, Wise, and
Wood—66.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff \V. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg, Babcock, Baker, Barnard,
Barton, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Briggs,
Brockway, Bronson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Bumell,
Calhoun, William B Campbell, Thomas J, Campbell, Caruth-
ers, Casey, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Crawford, Garrett
Da/is, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore,
Thos. F. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Giddmgs, Patrick G. Goode,
Graham, Granger, Hall, Halsted, Henry, Howard, Hudson,
Hunt, Joseph R. Ingcrsoll, James Irvin, James, Isaac D.
Jones, John P. Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, Watbiot,
Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard, Meriwether, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Powell, Ramsey, Benja-
min Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway,
William Russell, James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Shepperd,
Slade, Stokely, Stratton, Alex. H. II. Stuart, John T. Stuart,
Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Tomlinson, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Rensselaer,
Wallace, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke,
Augustus Young, and John Young—110.
So the motion to lay on the table was not car-
ried.
Mr. HALSTED moved to amend the bill so
as to make it precisely like the bill passed at the
last session, and the amendment was agreed to.
" The bill was {hen ordered to be engrossed under
the operatien of the previous question, and it was
read a third time; and the question recurred on its
passage, on which Mr. FILLMORE moved the
previous question.
Mr. "WELLER called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, which he said had been
hurried through in such profound silence, that they
scarcely knew what it was. [Loud cries of "Oh,
it's the bill which Captain Tyler pocketed at the
close of the last session;" and counter cries of
11 Well, as there are not ten days of the session
remaining, be may pocket it again/']
The yeas and nays being tsken, resulted—yeas
105, nays 82, as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Adams, Alien, Landaff W. Andrews, Sher-
lock J. Andivws, Arnold, Aycngg, Babcock, ttaker, Bar-
nard, Birdseye, Blair, Boardman, Borden, Botts, Briggs, Brock-
way, Btonson, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, Burnell, Cal-
houn, William B. Campbell, Thomas J. Campbell, Caruthers,
Casey, Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, Staley N. Clarke,
James Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Cravens, Crawford, Garrett
Davis, Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore,
Gates, Gentry, Graham, Granger, Green, Halsted, Henry,
Howard, Hudson, Hunt! Joseph R, Ingersoll, James Irvin,
James, John P. Kennedy, King, Linn, McKennan, Samson
Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Meriwether,
Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Osborne, Owsley, Powell,
Ramsey, Benjamin Randall, Alexander Randall. Randolph,
Rayner, Ridgway, William Russell, James M. Russell, Sal-
tonstall, Shepperd, Sladc, Stokely, Stiarton, Alexander H. H.
Stuart, John T Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Tomlinson, Trumbull, Underwood,
Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Washington, Edward D. White,
Joseph L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, Winthrop, Yorke, Augustus Young,
and John Young—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Arrington, Atherton, Beeson, Bidlack,
Bowne, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown, Burke,
William O. Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbell,
Cary, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cushing, Daniel, Rich-
ard I). Davis, Dawson, Dean, Egbert, Ferns, John G. Floyd,
Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gerry, Goggin, William O. Goode,
Gordon, Gustine, Hastings, Holmes, Hopkins, Houston, Hub-
ard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, William W. Irwin, Cave
Johnson, John W. Jones, Keim, Lewis, Littlefield, Lowell,
Abraham McClellan, Robert McClellan, McKay, McKeon,
Mallory, Marchand, Alfred Maishall, Mathews, Medill, Mil-
ler, Newhard, Oliver, Partiidge, Payne, Plumer, Pope, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Riggs, Roosevelt, Sanford, Saunders, Shaw, Wil-
liam Smith, Snyder, Steenrod, Sumter, Sweney, Jacob Thomp-
son, Trotti, Turney, Ward, Watterson, Weller, Westbrook,
Wise, and Wood—S2.
So ihe bill was passed.
Mr. FILLMORE then rose and moved that the
House resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
After much confusion, and a variety of ques-
tions of order, the motion to go into committee
was put, and carried; and Mr. Fessenden took
the chair.
Mr. GWIN moved to take up Senate bill to
refund the fine imposed on General Jackson at
New Orleans.
Mr. FJLLMORE proposed to take up the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. GWIN hoped the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would permit the com-
mittee to consider this bill, in order that a vole
might be taken upon it in the House. He did not
desire to discuss it. He wanted action, and he
hoped action would be had on the bill.
Mr. FILLMORE would not object if it did
not lead to discussion; otherwise he must,as it was
his duty to press the appropriation bills.
Mr. ADAMS said he wished to discuss the bill
for the relief of Gen. Jackson.
Mr. FILLMORE rose to a point of order. Do
not the appropriation bills have precedence of all
others for consideration in Committee of the
Whole.
The CHAIR decided that they had.
Mr. GWIN inquired whether a vote would not
be taken upon his motion to take up first Ihe bill to
refund the fine imposed on General Jackson.
The CHAIR decided not.
Mr.CUSHING named the bill to execute the
treaty of Washington.
Mr. WINTHEOP named the light-house bill.
Mr. J. C. EDWARDS named the bill allowing
certain drawbacks.'
Mr. MEDILL named the Senate bill for the oc-
cupation of Oregon.
The CHAIR read Ihe 75th rule of the House;
according to which, general appropriation bills are
to have preference over other bills, unless a ma-
jority of the committee should otherwise order.
The question was taken on the motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, and it was carried—ayes 85,
noes 52.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TION BILL.
The bill making appropriations for the civil
and diplomatic service of the United States for the
fiscal year, beginning June 30, 1843, to the 30th of
June, 1844, was taken up and read.
Mr. G. DAVIS offered the fallowing amend-
ment as an additional clause to the appropriation
for books, maps, &c., for the State Department:
* For the payment of all claims which T. Allen has against the
United States for printing 20 000 copies of the Compendium or
Abridgement of the Sixth Census by counties and principal
towns; together with the tables of apportionment, as prepared
at the State Department for the use of Congress, the sum of
$15,849 64; and for the payment of all claims which Blair &
Rives have against the United States for pnnting 10,000 copies of
the same document, $3,924 82.
Mr. G.DAVIS called for the reading of the re-
port of the select committee on the subject of the
printing of the Compendium of the Sixth Census,
and it was read.
The amendment was agreed to new. con.
"When the clause making an appropriation for
the surveyor general of Iowa was read—
Mr. DODGE of Iowa offered an amendment,
providing that the said surveyor general shall re-
side within the district for which he is surveyor
general, and discharge the duties of the said office.
Mr. D. stated that he offered the amendment
which he had just sent to the Chair, under a sol-
emn sense of duty to his constituents, and to the
public service. He had no personal ill feeling
towards the present incumbent to gratify. But,
sir, (said Mr. D ) the absence of the present in-
cumbent, General James Wilson, from his post,
has been so frequent, and so long protracted, as to
call aloud for remedy or redress. It has been not
only ihe subject of animadversion in the public
pre?s of the Territory and of the country; but, sir,
it has been brought to my attention, as Delegate,
in numeious letteis, from gentlemen of the highest
respectability, residing in the town of Dubuque—
where the office i$ by law located—and in that vi-
cinity. One of these letters (said Mr, D.) I will
send to the Chair, that an extract, which I have
marked, may be read, for the information of the
House, The extract is as follows:
Dubuque, Iowa Territory,
December 13, A.D. 1842.
Dear Sir: I venture to trouble you on a subject that has he-
come one of general complaint. I refrr to the law of Congress,
establishing the surveyor general's office for Wisconsin and
Iowa. There is no provision m that act, requiring the sur-
veyor general to reside at the placc where he is to keep his
office; the consequence is, that the present incumbent, James
Wilson, esq., resides with his family, about two thousand
miies hence; and the consequence of that is, that out of the
twenty months he has enjoyed the emoluments of that office,
he has not been heie six months, all counted. If this is not an
outrage, then I know not what is. When Mr. Ellis and Gen-
era! Jones had the office, they were obliged to have their res-
idence at this place. I have not the least doubt but that Con-
gress intended that, by locating the office here, it also intended
the incumbent should be located in the same place; but the in-
genuity of some folks is a caution. Here is one specimen: by
locating the office here, means that the office-holder may re-
side two thousand miles off I think you would have no dife*
ficulty in getting an amendment to that law, eo as to requir,
the incumbent to reside here with his family ^ if he has any
as well as keep his office here. You must be very careful in
framing the amendment, or Yankee cunning will get the better
of it. I am a Yankee myself, but I do abominate these smooth
