CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
tongued silver-heeled office seekers, and broken down pol-
iticians, playing such games with Western good nature,
Mr. FILLMORE inquired who was the writer
of the letter.
Mr. DODGE replied that he did not wish to give
the name of his correspondent, his petm'.ssion to
do so not having been given in the letter; but he
would tell the gen'leman from New York, that he
(Mr. D.) endorsed the statements contained in that
letter. So far as they related to the surveyor gen-
eral, and for what he said and done in reference to
this matter, he was ready and willing, at any time,
to hold himself personally or in any ether way
accountable to General Wilson, or any of his
friende, here or elsewhere.
Mr. D. said he would also read to the House an
editorial article which appeared in the "Miner's
Express," of the 24th of November last, (a news-
paper published in the (own of Dubuque,) strongly
condemnatory ef the conduct of this public func-
tionary, every word of which he believed was
strictly true.
Mr. D. commenced to read; when
Mr. FILLMORE objected. He contended that
it was not in order to introduce newspaper articles
of this character. He knew but little of this sur-
veyor general, or of the manner in which he had
discharged the duties of his office; but he would
say, that he thought he should uo more be required
to keep his family in the Territory, than should a
member of Congress be required to bring his fam-
ily to Washington with him.
Mr. DODGE said that the gentleman was argu-
ing under a misapprehension. His amendment
did not require the surveyor general to keep bis
family with him, but simply to reside in the district.
Mr. D. said that he was unwilling to take
up the time of ihe House in ihe discussion of this
subject; but if there was to be opposition to his
amendment, he wished to show, by reference to
the date of the annual report of this surveyor gen-
eral, that it was not received until late in January,
owing to his absence; when it should have been
here, ready to be submitted to Congress at the com-
mencement of the session.
[Here there was a general cry over the House,
"Agreed! that's right. We will adopt your amend-
ment."]
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to strike out the
item "for compensation of the secretary to sign
patents for public lands, $1,500."
Mr. MEDILL and Mr. WELLER opposed the
motion to strike out.
Mr. BRONSON advocated the motion, and the
transfer of the dutie  of that office to some existing
clerk in the departments, raiher than leaving them
to be discharged by a secretary of executive ap-
pointment (at present Mr. Robert Tyler.)
Mr. TILLINGHAST, Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL,
Mr. FILLMORE, Mr. WARD, Mr. EVERETT,
Mr. HUNT, Mr. PROFFIT, and Mr. WISE, con-
tinued a conversation in relation tu the propriety
of making the change now proposed for some time
Mr. MERIWETHER addressed the committee
in favor of his motion, and in reply to the remarks
of those gentlemen who had opposed it.
Mr. G. DAVIS and Mr. ARNOLD followed
in advocacy of the motion to strike out the appro-
priation.
Mr. ADAMS addressed the committee for seme
time, giving his testimony against bill 548, and also
against the motion to strike out the appropriation
for the President's secretary.
Mr. WELLER moved that the committee rise;
which motion was rejected—ayes 61, noes 71.
After some remarks from Messr*. BRONSON,
and COOPER of Georgia, the question was taken
on the amendment; and it was rejected—ayes 41
noes 87.
On motion by Mr. WELLER, the committee
then rose; and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 25, 1843.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the reading: of the
journal was dispensed with.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Com-
/ merce, reported back, without amendment, and wuh
a recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House, making an appropriation to test the prac-
ticability of establishing a system of electro-mag-
*isetic telegraphs for the United States.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, without amendment,
House bill entitled "An act amenda'ory of the act
for the relief of sick and disabled seamen;" and
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the above
bill was taken up as in committee of the whole,
considered, and, there being no amendment, it was
reported to theSenaetjand, according to order, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. H., also, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported back, without amendment, House bill en-
titled "An act for the better security of the lives
of passengers on board of vessels propelled in
whole or in part by steam," approved July 7 h,
1838.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, made adverse reports (which were
ordered to be printed) on the petition of the legal
representatives of Chas. M. Thruston, an officer of
the Revolution, praying commutation pay; and
the petition of the heirs of William Williams, a
captain in the army of the Revolution, praying for
commutation pay; and the pe'ition of the heirs of
Brighton Payne, an officer of the Revolution,
praying for the allowance of half pay.
Also, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report (which was ordered to be printed) on
the bill from the House for the relief of Sylvia Un-
derwood.
On motion by Mr. BAGBY,
Rpsnlverl, That the President be requested to communicate
to the Senate, at the commencement of the next session of Con-
gress, a statement rtiowm" tlie annual amount of lhca|j(>ropiM-
tions for tile support of the recaptured Africans, from the com-
mencement ot such appropriations to the present time; also,
the annual numberof lecaptured Africans who have haiithe
benefit ol such appropriations; also, the number of such recap-
tured Africans now in the Liberia colony; also, the manner
amt form, and by what agents, and at what expense, the money
so appropriated has been applied to its object, and how account-
ed for; also, a copy of theaccouuts showing the expenditure of
such money for ihe yrat ti?42, if rendered (or that year; and if
not, then for the last year tor which such accounts may have
been rendered; and whether there is reason to behove any other
than recaptured Africans receive any benefit from said aj#ro-
p nations.
Several advene reports of standing committee^,
on private claims, were taken up, and concurrcd
in.
The following resolution, introduced by Mr.
Benton on yesterday, was taken up and agreed
to, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if compatible with his sense of the public inteiesi, to
communicate to the Senate a copy of the despatch received
from Mr. Everett, dated the 3d of February jnstant; aJpo, a copy
of the despatch of Loid Aberdeen of December, ltfll, to
the American Secrctaiy of State; and a copy of the answer,
)i'duy, which, was given by the American Secretary to that des-
patch.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Evans on yes-
terday, providing that on and after Monday next
the hour of meeting shall be 10 o'clock, and that
the Senate take a recess on each day from 3 to 5
o'clock, was taken up for consideration.
Mi. BAYARD was opposed to the second branch
of the resolution, providing lor a recess; and called
for a division of ihs question.
The question on the first branch of the resolu-
tion was adopted on yeas and nays—yeas 29,
nays 2.
The question being on the second branch of the
resolution, providing for a recess—
Mr. TAPPAN moved to strike out "5 " and in-
sert "4".
This proposition was agreed to.
The question recurring on the second branch of
the resolution, Messrs. BAYARD and ARCHER
opposed it, and Messrs. EVANS and BATES
advocated its adoption. Then, the question being
put, the second branch was rejected, on a count-—
ayes 13, noes 14.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from the
furiher consideration of ihe resolutions of the Legis-
lature of the State of Arkansas, ou the subject of
the military defencesfor the protection ef the Arkan-
sas frontier; the resolutions of the Legislature of Indi-
ana, in favor of the passage of a law granting boun-
ty land to the mililia and rangers who served in the
last war; the bill making provision for the pay-
ment of some of the Missouri militia; and of the
petition cf Alvin C. Goeli, praying encouragement
for an invention for the manufacture of fire- 5
rockets.
Mr. LINN presented a petition from Martin
Fenwick, praying confirmation of his title to a
tract of land in Missouri; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, presented joint re olutions of the Legisla-
ture of Missouri, m relation to the fine imposed on
General Jackson by Judge Hall at New Orleans,
asserting that ihat fine was unjustly imposed; and
recommending the passage of a law for its uncon-
ditional repayment, which were ordered to lie on
the lable, and be printed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous orders
of the day were postponed, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill for regulating the currency of
foreign gold and silver coins in the United States.
Mr. EVANS moved to amend the bill, by stri-
king out the fourth section, which,he hoped, would
remove the objection heretofore urged against the
bill by the honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Benton.]
Mr. BENTON was understood to acquiesce in
the passage of the bill, if it was amended as pro-
posed; believing that it might be safely passed in
that form. m
The amendment was then agreed to; and there
being no furiher amendment proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and was read the third
time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. EVANS, the bill to compute
at the custom-house, according to the Federal cur-
rency, the value of German and other foreign
coin«, was then tsken up as in committee of the
whole. The bill was amended, on the motion of
Mr. EVANS. It was then reported to the Senate,
and, according to order, read the third time, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. TAPPAN, the Senate then
proceeded to consider bills on the general orders.
The bill to authorize ihe making of permanent
contracts for the transportation of the United States
mail upon railroads, came up in order, as in com-
mittee of the whole; but, without being considered,
was, on the motion of Mr. EVANS, laid on the
table. Subsequently,
Mr. MERRICK moved that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the above bill. It was his
desire to have an expression of the opinion of the
Senate upon it. The Senate, however, without a
division, refused to consider it.
Tne following bills from the House were then
considered as in committee of the whole, reported
to the Senate, and finally parsed, viz:
An act for the relief of John Core.
An act for the relief of Thomas D. Gikon.
An act for the relief of John E. Hunt and
others.
An act for the relief of Robert G. Ford.
An act for the relief of Win. Fabre.
The bill from the House for the relief of George
Randall, John C. Haskell, and Elisha H. Homes,
was taken up as in committee of the whole, on
amendments recommended by the Committee on
Claims, The amendments having been agreed to,
th« bill was reported to the Senate, and ordered to
be engfossed for a third readmsr.
On motion by Mr. WOQDBRIDGE, the pre-
vious orders of the day were postponed, and the
Senate took up, as in committee of the whole, the
bill reported frcm the Committee on the Library,
proposing to contract for publishing the continuation
of the old congressional debates, and for the publi-
cation of the future congressional debates.
Mr. W. explained the great importance, for the
purpose of preserving a correct history of Congress,
ofbaving ihe printing of the old debates completed,
which bad been heretofore subscribed for; and
f specially for encouraging the reprinting and print-
ing of the future debates.
Messrs. TAPPAN and BERRIEN made some
remarks as to the proper manner of entering into
the contract.
