346
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WRIGHT opposed the passage of the bill,
and moved to lay it on the tabl?.
This motion was tested by yeas and nays, and
decided in the negative—yeas 18, nays 23.
Mr. SEVIER expressed a wish, if Congress
was again to give encouragement to tne publish-
ing and printing of those debates, that full reports
of both sides of the question would be published,
and not be tinctured by party bias, as heretofore.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, (for the purpose
of proceeding to the consideration of the bank-
rupt bill,) the above bill was postponed till Mon-
day.
Engrossed bill to continue in force the act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in Mis-
souri, approved the 9th of July, 1839, and the act
supplemental thereto, approved the 2d March, 1833,
was read the third time, and passed.
THE BANKRUPT ACT.,
The unfinished business of yesterday was then
resumed; being the further consideration, as in
committee of the whole, of the House bill for the
repeal of the bankrupt act, and the amendments
proposed by the Judiciary Committee; the pending
question being on Mr. Walker's amendment, as
follows:
VAnd be it further enacted, That, when any private inenr-
Sorated banking company shall fail, upon piesentment to said
ank of any of its notes, checks, or bills, to pay and redeem
the same m specic, said failure shall be regarded aa an act of
bankruptcy; and the holder of said note, check, or bill, so neg-
lected to be paid aa aforesaid, may, upon aflidavu of the facts,
sworn to by said individual and at least two disinterested wit-
nesses, proceed against said company as bankrupts, asm oihrr
cases specified in this act: and the f.ame proceedings shall be
had as in other cases; except that no certificate ol discharge
shall be deemed neccssaiy or proper to be given to any stock-
holder of said company, except m cases where such stockhold-
ers may be personally responsible for the debts ol such com-
pany; and, in such case, said s'ockholdeis shall be discharged,
upon the same terms and restrictions an in the other cases of
final discharge authorized by this act."
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought it was useless to
expend much time on this subject at so late a pe-
riod of the session; and he therefore hoped the vote
would be allowed to be taken on each amendment
without debate.
Mr. TAPPAN inquired if it was in order to
offer an amendment to the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Mississippi.
The CHAIR said it was not in order to move an
amendment to an amendment of an amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut stated his objection
not only to the existing act, but to atly amendment
retaining the retrospective provision of the law; be-
cause be considered any such provision an ex post
facto law, which the Constitution inhibits.
Mr. CHOATE opposed the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi, on the ground that it
would narrow down the question to one of naked
repeal. Viewing it in this light, he proceede !, at
considerable length, to add to the reasons urged
yesterday by the Senator from Geoigia, [Mr. Ber-
rien,] his convictions that the law, as proposed to
be amended by the Judiciary Committee, should
be made a permanent commercial bankrupt sys-
tem. He considered the good the law had already
done, a pledge of the greater amount of good yet to
be expected from its opeiation, now ihut the un-
avoidable evils accompany!ns its first effects had
been exhausted. He paid to his friend.-, that, what-
ever others might do, it was not for them to repeal
the work of their own hands; it was their place to
wait, and let their impatient successors execute the
work of demolition. !f the existing law wa-, to have
no other effect than that of a great insolvent law,
operating solely on retrospec'ive eases, he ad-
mitted it would bean unconstitutional law. And
if it was now repealed, before it had time to operate
prospectively, it would be obnoxious to the impu-
tation of having been nothing, in fact, but an un-
constilutimal law. On th s ground, therefore, it
was obvious that a repeal now would be an en-
dorsement by Congress of th; allegations of the ene-
mies of the party in power, that the law was uncon-
stitutional. He denounced the instability of legis-
lation with which Congress would be chargeable,
by the fact of not permitting a law, struggled for
through forty years ot solicitation, to remain a sin-
gle year upon the statute-book. He maintained
that, if there was a public opinion against the ex-
isting law, there was certainly none against the sub-
stitute now..propoMil by the Judiciary Committee;
on the contrary, he insisted the modifications of
that committee fully met not only the demands of
the States which have expressed any sentiments on
the subject, but the general wish of the communi-
ty. He then commented upon the sever;! provis-
ions of the substitute proposed by the Judiciary
Committee, justifying them as just policy, and per-
fectly in accordance with a constitutional power of
establishing a permanent commercial system of
bankruptcy.
He hoped the Senator from Mississippi would
modify his amendment, so that when a State bank
suspends specie payments, a commission shall
issus; and then, if it shall be found to be insol-
vent, it shssll be made amenable to the operations
of the bankrupt law. If the Senator so modified
his amendment, he (Mr. Choate) would vote lor
it. But whether the amendment was adopted or
not, he prayed the Senator from Mississippi to
unite with the friends of the substitute proposed by
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut declared he had
heard nothing from the Senator which could in-
duce him to change his opinion. He still denied
that the Constitution delegated to Congress any
power to pass retrospective laws, or to make laws
which shall take away the property of one citizen,
to vest it in another. He contended that the
powers inferred from the Constitution, by those
who had passed the present law, were two-fold—
technical and popular; both of which they had
turned entirely to the advantage of the debtor, and
to the disadvantage of the creditor. So that even
in the popular si-nse, it could not be constitutional.
Mr. HUNTINGTON explained the situation m
which he was placed by the instructions of his
State. He pointed out the course he had hitherto
uniformly pursued in relation to the subjeet of*a
uniform system of bankruptcy. During that long
period he pursued that course, because he was
firmly persuaded a large majority of hit constitu-
ents were in favor of a bankrupt law. But he
now was equally well persuaded that the great mass
of his constituents had entirely changed their opin-
ions, and were in favor of a direct repeal of the
lajv. In voting, therefore, in conformity with the
wishes of his c/n'.tiiuenis, he did so becau-e he
felt satisfied of this change of opinion; uot that he
subscribed to the doctrine that, as a Senator, he
was bound to obey the authoritative dictation of
his Legislature. lie felt satisfied that, in the reso-
lutions of his Legislature, there was a full expres-
sion of the pub!ic sentiment of the State; snd
what he then fore admitted was, that he was bound
to obey—not the instructions of the Legislature,
but the public sentiment, of which the resolution
of his State Legislature was, satisfactorily to his
mind, the exponent. He also believed this change
of public opinion was general throughout the coun-
try; and therefore lie ftlt perfectly justifiable in
discharging a duty v:bich the wishes of his State
had imposed upou him. Under these circum-
stances, he felt bound to vote for ihe repeal of the
act.
Mr. WALKER proposed to modify his amend-
ment by striking out from the second line the
wo d "private," and also the word "checks,"
and substituting the word "drafts." He would be
disposed to make some further modifications, were
it not that he feared he would lose more votes on this
side for his amendment, than he would gain on the
other.
He would occupy but a very few moments in
presenting the arguments which he desired to offer to
the Senate in favor of the propositiea for including
banking corporations under the' operation of the
hankrupt law. They were now (if the amend-
ments reported by the committee should pievail)
about to make a commercial bankrupt law. Were
not incorporated banks connected with the com-
merce of the country? Were not incorporated
bankers (wi-hin the technical language of the law)
traders? Why should they not, then, be included
within the operation of the law, as well as any
other traders or brokers? If the object of the bill
was to give facilities to trade, and to enable the
creditor to arrest the banker or the trader in his
downward course—to stop him at tbe first point of
bankruptcy—to seize upon his effects, and distribute
them equally for the benefit of all his creditors,—
why not apply the law to incorpora'ed companies
as well as to unincorporated? He had heard noth-
ing that even amounted to a plausible reason
against the expediency of such a provision. But
they had betn told that it was unconstitutional.
He v/ouid ask, did not ihe Constitution confer upon
Congress powers as broad, full, and comprehensive
upon the subject of bankruptcy, (i term, by tbe
way, derived irom basks and bankers, snd origi-
nally intended to apply to them,) as upon any
other. If such were not the case, how was it that
a State was enabled to exempt individuals by
granting ihrm charters of incorporation?
If individual bankers were within tha meaning
of the Constitution, by vbat authority was it that a
State could interpose, and expunge that clause of
the Constitution,by exempting them from its opera-
tion? If a State could exempt an individual bat k-
er, through the operation of a charter, why could it
not extend a similar exemption to all case?, and, in
fact, set aside every clause ot the Constitution?
The truth was, that the power to lay doties upon
imports was not more explicitly conferred upon
Congress, than the power to pass a general bank-
rupt law. If a State cwuld interpose, through the
medium of an act of incorporation, and render
powerless a clause cf the Constitution as far as re-
gards the one, it could unquestionably do so as to
the other. By the same rule which would exclude
incorpsrated banking companies,incorporated com-
panies of importing merchants would be excluded.
And so, as regarded every other provision of the
Constitution, the power of imposing direct inter-
nal taxes; for a State would only have to incorpo-
rafa a certain number of individuals, and by the
mere act of incorporation to exempt them from the
taxing power of Congress. He was as much op-
posed as any one to extending tbp interpretation of
the Constitution; but, when it did unquestionably
delegate a power, he denied that it was within the
power of any State, by an act of incorporation, or by
any other mode, to exempt their citizens from its
operation.
A single word as to its expediency. Was there
any part of the couistry which professed to be in
favor of insolvent banks, or of an inconvertible
paper currency? Upon this point, at least, he be-
lieved there was no difference of opinion between
the Democratic and the Whig parties. The latter
professed to be in favor of specie-paying banks.
And would they not be willing to separate the spe-
cie-paying from the non specie-paying banks—the
solvent from tbe issolvem? Would they not ar-
rest (he opera'ion of a bank which refused to dis-
charge the very functions for which it was created,
by furnishing a convertible paper currency, and
commenced delagmg the country with a deprecia-
ted paper currency? If the Whig party, then, de-
sire to terminate the disasters which had swept over
the country, they would be willing lo make this
a law applicable to everybody, and operating with
uniformity throughout every State cf the Union.
IIo desired to say much more upon this subject;
but hi- was admonished to forbear, from the fact
that only five legislative days remained of this ses-
sion.
Mr. ALLEN considered the law condemned by
the undivided voice of the country. The House
of Repri-sentativts, in conformity to the will of
the people, had passed a bill for the repeal of the
act. Tae Judiciary Committee, in reporting back
that bill, had thought proper to propose a substi-
tute, when there were yet but five dajs of the ses-
sion left for legislative action. An amendment
had been offered by the Senator from Mississippi,
for which he should vote; but even if it was ap-
pended to the amendment of the Judiciary Com-
mittee, he should vote against the amendment as
amended; btcause he considered the only thing
which could be done, with propriety, at so late a
period of the session, was to pass the repeal bill of
the House. The question wa?, then, repeal or no
repeal. As for tinkering it up into a bankrupt sys-
tem, within five days of the end of the session,
it was all idle. Therefore, he would vote
against the amendments of the committee, if for no
other reason, because any amendment of the bilj
