CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
347
of the House would have th  effect to continue
that odious law on tbe statute book.
Mr. CONRAD asked if it was competent to of-
fer an amendment to tbe amendment now pend-
ing.
The CHAIR intimated that it was not.
The yeas and nays, haying been called for on '
Mr. Walker's amendment, were ordered.
Mr. KING asked that the amendment, as modi-
fied, might be read.
It was accordingly read.
Mr. KING then said that he was favorable to
the amendment reaching to private incorporations;
but, as now modified, a collision with the States
owning banks, or having stock in them, would be
inevitable. He hoped, therefore, tbe Senator
would restore the word "private;" or he or his
colleague should be obliged to move that amend-
ment.
Mr. WALKER, to remove the objection, agreed
to modify his amendment, by adding, after the
word "company," the words "of which a State is
not proprietor."
Mr. CONRAD suggested that a further modifi-
cation was necessary—"excepting cares in which
a State shall be iote;ested, or for she obligations of
which a State shall be responsible."
Mr. WALKER objected to any furher modifi-
cation.
The yeas and nays were then taken on Mr.
Walker's amendment; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 18, nays 24, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baghy, Bates, Benton, Buchanan,
Choate, Crafts, Evans, Kins, Linn, McRoberts, Sturgeon,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, and
Wright—IS.
NAYS—-Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Calhoun, Clayton, Con-
rad, Crittenden, Cuihbert, Dayton, Fulton, Graham, Hender-
son, Huntington, Kerr, McDuflje, Mangum, Merrick, Miller,
Phelps, Rives, SeVier, Smith of Indiana"! Spraeue, White, and
Wilcox—24.
When Mr. CUTHBERT'S name was calicd, he
said he would vote "no"—simply declaring his
determination not to vote for any bankrupt law
whatever.
The question now being on the amendments of
the Judiciary Committee,
Mr. CONRAD moved to strike cut the words
"common law," as there were some States which
had no common-law system.
This proposition was adopted.
Mr. BENTON submitted an amendment,
giving the district court of the District of Co-
lumbia the jurisdiction of bankrupt esses in
the District. He would content himself with
saying that be should vote against the Judiciary
Committee's amendment, because no proper sys-
tem can be arranged ihis session. The law
now on the statute-book was unconstitutional;
and, therefore, he wou!d not sanction i's being kept
alive in any shape or form. It was nothing under
God Almighty's heaven but a pure and simple
compilation of insolvent debtors' acts from the
reign of George the First to the present day, for
the abolition of debts without tbe consent or au-
thority of creditors. And no one act evrr yet in-
vented, in itself amounted to such a wholesale re-
pudiation of debts as this law. He would pay no
more attention to a discharge under any such act,
than he would to a bit of wa:«te paper. Mr. B.
further stated his objections, Eot only to the exist-
ing law, but to the immature attempt to remodel it;
contending that, being unconstitutional, the first
thing proper to do was to repeal it.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if the Senator did not now
depart from the grounds which he (Mr. Berrien)
and the Senator [Mr. Benton] insisted upon in
1824?
Mr. BENTON said he did, becauje he was then
wrong. Ha had seen abundant reasons for chan-
ging the opinions he entertained at that period.
Mr. BERRIEN remarked that his opinions had
undergone no change.
Mr. TALLMADGE had been in hopes that the
amendments proposed by the Judiciary Committee
would be sufficient to rcmuve the objections of the
Senator from Missouri. He was now sorry to find
that the removal of the objections to a bankrupt
law on the other side, though met in the spirit of
concession by the committee, should now prove
unavailing in mitigation of the hostility waged
again-t the ba'krupt law. It  tpite of eveiy con-
cession, it now appeared that nothing tb< it of a to-
tal repeal would satisfy the other side. Mr. T,, at
some length, argued that no commercial country
could do without a permanent system of banbrup-
cy. He argued the original sevareign power of
the individual States to enact bankrupt laws; and
that, on the adoption of the Constitution, that pow-
er was delegated to the General Government. The
Government, he contended, had now the power as
fully as it was ever owned ly the separate States,
or by Great Britain, with this only condition—that
it shall be a system uniform in its operation
throughout the States. He also maintained that
Congress had the right, under the Constitution, to
obliterate the obligation of contracts; and that a
proposition was actually made in the convention,
on the adoption of the Constitution, to restrain the
Federal Government from exercising the power to
pass a retroactive law, and te violate the obliga-
tions of existing contracts; but that that proposition
was voted down, there being but one vote in favor
of the proposition. The retroaction of the present
bankrupt law was fully discussed before it was
passed; but the law has had all its operation on
past contracts, and can now apply only to prospect-
ive cases. He undertook to say that public opin-
ion (and particularly in his own State) was now
more strongly in its favor than it had ever been be-
fore the passage of the law. What would render
it more mortifying to him than anything else was,
that it should be repealed by the very Congress
which enacted it. He would sooner cut off his
right hand, than set his name to ihis repeal.
Mr. WOODBURY observed tisat be did not
propose to eater, at this late hour, into a debate on
the inexpediency or unconstitutionality of the pres-
ent bankrupt law. But' some reference having
been made to the votes of Senators in 1828 on a
former bill, he wouid therefore take this occasion
to say that he then voted as he sbojild now vo:e
in substance, because he then, as now, believed,
and then argued, that a law like this was not in
conformity with the Constitution, or with souud
public policy. The Senator from New Yoik, [Mr.
Tallmadge,] who has just taken his seat, eontr-nds
that the Slates, after the Revolution, possessed all
the power on this subject which England possejs^d
before. Granted. Bat that Senator seems, to
overlook that, though the States possessed and then
conferred on the General Government the power
they possessed over bankruptcy, they did not con-
fer any over mere insolvencies. Before the Revo-
lution, bankruptcies in England were matters as
distinct from mere insolvencies, as arson was from
larceny, or murder from piracy.
The objects operated on by bankrupt laws were
merchants and bankers; th'se by niete insol-
vencies were farmers, and other ebssef not com-
mercial.
The character of the lemedies in cafe of bank-
ruptcy w?s compulsory, p.nd to be uicd by cred.t-
nrs; ithi'c, in that of insolvencies, it was volun-
tary, and to bs used by debtors.
Hence, though the States, when they became
sovereign and independent, could legislate for
both, and separately or together; yet they confided
to Congress merely the authority to legislve for
bankruptcies, as these alone were connected with
that business of commerce, the chief care over
which had been intrusted to the Genera! Govern-
ment
Mr. W. would keep his promise, and not enter
into the discussion ot the constitutional questisn,
further than to add—that if Eng'aod bail, since
1789. given by law a broader meaning to tbe
word bankrupt, or had since mixed up other classes
than tbe mercantile in its ops rations, that cir-
cumstance did not change the mean:ng of th .
wore! bankruptcy, as then used in our Cons'itirion.
Nor did it impose on our people and S'ates the duty
ti alter the Cons'iwtion, so as to eniarge tbe
meaning of thai word. Nor did it justify us in
holding its meaning to be changed with us, with-
out a change being made first ia the Constitution
itself, by the proper authorities.
To consume no further time, he would conclude,
by merely reading to the Senate the resolution
of instruction by the Stats of New Hampshire
to himself and his colleague on this topic, and the
reasons assigned for it. They were in Docam«at
No. 63, on our files at this session:
"Resolved, That the bankrupt bill, in the form in which the
late act passed, was, in our opinion, both unconstitutional and
inexpedient, and ought therefore to be annulled:
'•Because such a bankrupt system as is authorized in the
Constitution is one made for the benefit of creditors, and penal
on defaulting debtors—no other having then been known or
used: because most of the provisions of tills biii are designed
for the benefit of debtors, and are an insolvent system for their
relief, rather than to aid creditors: because the act is penal
asamst merchants, while itia voluntary only as it regards ail
other persons; and such legislation, however merciful and lib-
eral in itself, Crfn ncvei come withm the power above named as
conferred on the General Government, but belongs and is re*
served to the Slates, respectively: because, friendly as we are
to honest debtors and honest creditois, we cannot countenance
the General Governmentir. exercising control over them, which
has never been gianted to it: ar.tl because we believe that the
States not only possess .ill power over cases of mere insolvency,
but can exercise it wiser, so aa to suit better the wants and
condition of thft population of each State, respectively:
because, to allow the General Government, as inthia bank-
rupt bill, to interfere with cases not included in any bankrupt
system known when the Constitution was adopted, tending to
bring the trial of all conti acts, and the jurisdiction of all debt-
ors in the Union connected with insolvency, into the whirlpool
of the Federal courts, is an alarming encroachment on State
rights; because such an act, coupfedwith alike usurping pow-
er used, at the last session, to transfer from the States the trial
of all burnings and murders like those of McLeud, to the same
Feds: al courts, and to dictate to the State sovereignties, or order
them tomakesingle districts, under peril of disfranchisement,
tends most rapidly to prostrate all State independence, as well
as to build up a frightful, monopolizing, overshadowing despot-
ism at the centre, which neither our fathers contemplated nor we
shou (d tolerate: because this bill disregards the sanctity of all ex-
isting contracts and the vested riehts of creditors, and, atone
sweep, both strips the States of authority always heretofore exer-
cised in insolvent cases, even under the old bankrupt law oflSOl,
and robs the whole class of creditors, female as well as male,
orphans and minors as well as adults, of rights and privileges
deemed till now mvir>late, and secured by all the sacredness of
private contracts and the strongest force of State legislation;
and because the remnants of property owned by bankrupts
are, by the provisions of this bill, mostly squandered in ex-
penses, through the great distances, fees, and costs in the Fed-
eral courts, paying little or nothing in most capes to creditors'
while scarcely any debtors are relieved, who, if honest, could
not, without the act, compromise with thoRR they owe; and, if
dishonest, do not merit so easy and sudden an escape from their
solemn obligations.
Mr. BENTON asked if these were from tbe
Granite State.
Mr. WOODBURY replied yes.
Mr. BENTON. They are true granite.
The question was then taken on the Judiciary
Committee's amendments as amended, and result-
ed in the negative—yeas 16, nays 30, as follows:
YEaS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate, ClaytOB,
Crafts, Dayton, Evans, -Henderson, Kerr, Miller. Phelp*.
Porter, 'l allmadge, White, and Woodbndge—16.
NAYS—Messis. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crittenden, Cuihbert, Fulton, Graham, Huntington,
King1, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum, Morehead, Kivea,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
S'urgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—30.
Ti-e question then coming up on the repeal bill
of the House—
Mr. BENTON moved to strike out the proviso,
which is in 'he following words:
Provided, That this act shall not affect any case or pro.
cepdins; m bankruptcy commenced before the passage of this
act, or any pains, penaltirs, or foifeituies incurred under the
e.iid act, butevoy such pioceedirsg may be continued to its
final conaumma'ion, in like manner as if this act had not b%en
passed.
Mr. BERRIEN would not question the decision
of the Senate on the Judiciary Committee's amend-
ment; but he did hope the proviso in the House
bill would not be strcken out. To all the class of
cafes protected by this proviso, its excision would
be the most manifest injustice.
Mr. BENTON proposed the Same proviso as a
substitute, which he had offered upon a former oc-
casion upon the Senate's bill, making the pending
cases subject to constitutional restrictions, and re-
quiring the consent of a majority in value and
number of the creditors necefsary for the discharge
of the bankrupts. On moving this amendment, be
urged the same arguments in its favor which he
had used on the former occasion alluded to.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had net intended to
trouble the Senate with a sintie word on the bank-
rupt bil', ct this late period of the session; but as
he had determined to vote against the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Ben-
ton,] and would differ from s«ma of his most val-
ued political friends on this question, he felt it to
be a doty which he owed both to them and himself
to make a very few observations on the subject.
Should the amendment prevail, and the proviso
