348
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be stricken from the bill, it would deprive all those
bankrupts of the benefit of the law whose cases
■were now pending, and who had notyetoblainfd
their certificates ot discharge.
He should be extremely sorry if his constitu-
tional opinions would deprive him of the power
of voting in favor of this proviso. In what condi-
tion would both the bankrupts whose cases were
now pending, and their creditors, be left, in case
it should not be retained?
The first class of desperate insolvents or bank-
rupts, who stood ready and eager to take the ben-
fit of the law immediately after its passage, had
already passed through the mill, and had been dis-
charged from their debts. There were many in-
dividuals who had been crushed to the earth, and
whose circumstances had been rendered desperate,
by the discharge of iheir debtors and the con-
sequent loss of debts honestly due to them, under
this unjust and impolitic law. It was such indi-
viduals who would chiefly suffer, should the
amendment be adopted. They had struggled with
misfortune as long as they could; and had finally,
.at the last hour, applied for the benefits of the
bankrupt law. The proceedings in their cases
were now in different stages of their progress; and
he should consider it unequal, unfeeling, and un-
just to deprive the courts of the power of bringing
them to a conclusion. It would be an extreme
case, indeed, which could justify Congress in de-
claring, after an individual had put himself to the
trouble and the expense of instituting any pro-
ceedings under the iaith of their own laws, tbat he
should be arrested midway; and that, loo, when he
could not by possibility be restored to his former
condition.
But again: There was one State of the Union
(he referred to the State of Missouri) where the
district judge had dccided the bankrupt law to be
unconstitutional, and had refused to discharge any
of the applicants for the benefit of its provisions.
Strike out this proviso; and then, whilst debtors in
all the other States had been discharged under the
provisions of the law, no debtor in Missouri had
ever enjoyed, or could enjoy, its benefits.
Again: He asked what would become of the
property of bankrupts now in the hands of their
assignees, or under the custody of the law. This
would present a scene of eon fusion worse con-
founded. Strike out the proviso, and no distribu-
tion. of it could take place ar/v-ng their creditors;
because the law under whose provisions it would
have been made, had ceased to exist. This would
lead to great injustice and endless litigation.
In view of there circumstances, if he even en-
tertained serious doubts of the constitutionality of
the bankrupt law, be would suffer these doubts to
operate in favorof retaining ihe proviso, and would
leave it to the Supreme Court to decide the consti-
tutional question in the Lv-t report. Nothing but
a clear conviction that the law was a violation of
the Constitution, could indsca him to sanction ail
these evils.
Mr. B. said he was the only Senator of his party
who had made a speech aviinst the final passsse
of the present bankrupt law; and if he were dis-
posed to glorify himself for the gift of prophecy,
he might refer to that speech, and it would be
found that in every particular, with but one excep-
tion, his predictions had been verified. Much, how-
ever, as he was opposed to the passaee of the law,
he did not believe it to be unconstitutional. This
would appear from a few sentences of that speech,
delivered on the 24ih July, 1841, whi:h he would
read to the Senate.
"Mr. B. said, as he had referred to the speech which he had
made in the House of Representatives {in this subject, neally
twenty years ago, he felt bound to acknowledge that, upon one
point, he had fallen into a then prevailing error. Of this he
had been fully convinced by the debate m the Senate at the last
session. In 1822, it was his opinion that the eonstUimnnal
powerof Congress was confined to traders, or that claps of per-
sons which were embraced by the bankrupt laws of England,
at the time of the adoption of the Federal Constitution. Tins,
he now believed, was too narrow a construction. The Consti-
tution declared that 'Congress shall have power to establish
unifoim laws on the subject of bankruptcies throughout the
United States.' The subject of bankruptcies was thus placed
generally under our control; and wherever bankruptcy exist-
ed—no matter what might have been the pursuits of the bank-
rupt, whether lie had been a trader or not--our power extended
over him. It also, in his opinion, embraced artificial as well as
natural persons, Was it not absurd to say that at) wliyidual
manufacturer on one side of the street, at Lowell, might be sub-
jected to the compulsory opeiation of a bankrupt law, whilst
two or three individual manufacturers on the other side of the
saaie street, who had obtained a charter of incorporation from
the Legislature of Massachusetts, could thus withdraw them-
selves, in their corporate capacity, from the power conferred
upon Congress over bankruptcies?"
So that he had recanted, and ihat in good time,
what he believed to have been his error when he
first entered the House of Representatives. He
and his friend from Missouri [Mr. Benton] were,
in this lespcct, placed in a similar predicament.
Tbey had b; th changed their old opinions; and he
regretted that ibey were slill on opposite sides.
He considered that it would be a very narrow
construction indeed, to confine our power over the
subject of bankruptcies, which had been conferred
in ihe broadest and most general terms, to the pass-
age of just such a bankrupt law as existed in Eng-
land at the date of ibe Federal Constitution. All
the lights of experience, and all the improvements
in ihe scier.ce of legislation, must then be disre-
garded; and while the world was in a sta'e of con-
stant progression, we must make a dead stand at
the point where we found the English bankrupt
law half a century ago. Surely the framers of the
Constitution never intended any such absurdity.
For his own part, he firmly believed that no bank-
rupt law, based upon the English model, could ever
exist for any length of time in this country. It
would always destroy itself, after a brief experi-
ence. Such a law was not applicable to a country
of the vast extent of oar own, where the Federal
judicial tribunals wer® at such remote distances
from each other, and when it was acknowledged
that Congress did not possess the power of confer-
ring jurisdiction in cases of bankruptcy on the
State courts. If they were ever to have a perma-
nent and beneficial bankrupt system, they must
look to other models than the English. Fortunate-
ly, under the decision of the Supreme Court, each
State now possesses the unquestionable power of
passing bankrupt laws which will relieve its own
citizens from the oblisaiion of debts contracted with
other citizens of Ihe same State subsequent to the
passage of such laws. Nay, more: a discharge
under a Stale bankrupt law is valid even against
the citizens of other States, or foreigners, who may
•accept a dividend of the debtor's effects; and this
will always be accepted in cases where any con-
siderable dividend exists. Several of the States
now have such bankrupt laws. But enough, and
more than enough, of this.
The present law was said to be unconstitutional,
because it was an insolvent, and not a bankrupt
law; and lhaf, it applied not only to traders, but to
ail other persons. But it would be extremely diffi-
cult to draw any line of d's'inc'ion between insol-
vency and bsnkruptcy. Bolb signified the inabil-
ity of a debtor to pay his debts. Thi* was ihe
meaning of both terms-, in the abstract. There
was this difference between a bankrupt law and an
insolvent law—that, whiht the latter discharged ihe
person of ihe debtor only, the former discharged
both the debtor and the debt. Bankruptcy was a
pencr.il term: and even in England, although nom-
inally none but traders were entitled to Ihe benefit
oi the bankrupt laws; yet, in reality, these laws
had been extended, long before the adoption of the
Federal Constitute, n, to many, very many persons,
who could art, wi'h any propriety,"be denominated
traders. Different acts of Parliament, and the most
liberal judicial construction of the term "traders,"
had extended iheir provisions to slmost every class
of the community. He might cite numerous in-
stances to prove Ibis assertion, if time would per-
mit, and if they were not familiar to every Senator.
The policy of England had always been'to extend
still fur,her and further the operation of their bank-
rupt laws to sew classes of individuals. Whilst,
therefore, he would be utterly opposed to the pass-
age of ary such bankrupt law for this country, he
could not regard such a law ss a violation of the
Constitution, merely because iis benefits or it-; inju-
ries were not confined to persons who m'ght techni-
cally and appropriately be called traders. The
power conferred upon Congress by the Constitution
was not bmited to any class of persons, but ex-
tended (o ihe whole subject of tankiupfcks; and
wherever bankruptcy existed—whether among mer-
chants, or farmers, or tradesmen—Congress might
subject them to the operation of a bankrupt law.
But it had also been contended that this law was
unconstitutional, because it embraced cases of vol-
untary bankruptcy. Wow, it was perfectly well
known to every person acqnainted with the history
and operation of the English bankrupt law, that
voluntary bankruptcy had existed in that country
in fact, though not in form, for more than a cen-
tury before the act of 6th George IV; and this act
did no more than to recognise a practice which had
long prevailed. Insolvent debtors in England, be-
fore the passage of this act, were in the constant
practice of concerting with some one of their cred-
itors to commit an act of bankruptcy, who was
thereupon to sue out a commission of bankruptcy.
It was very true tbat, if this concert were estab-
lished, the commission would be avoided. Bat, in
the nature of things, it was almost impossible to
prove the fac1; and, at last, the statute of George
IV expressly legalized such a proceeding. A
debtor might now make a declaration of his insol-
vency in the prescribed form, and this was an act of
bankruptcy; and it was expressly enacted "that the
bankrupt, and any creditor, or other person, con-
certing such declaration, shall not invalidate the
commission " Here, then, was voluntary bank-
ruptcy, to the same extent which it now existed
under our present law. The difference between
them was in form, not in fact. In both cases, the
bankruptcy was equally voluntary; and in both,
the debtor chose his own time to make his applica-
tion. He could not, then, say that our law was
unconstitutional, because it recognised voluntary
bankruptcy.
Neither could he agree with the Senator from
Missouri, that th® law was unconstitutional be-
cause it did not provide that, in order to procure
his discharge, the bankrupt must obtain the con-
sent of a majority ot his creditors in number and
value. He agreed entirely with him, that it would
be unwise and inexpedient to pass a bankrupt law
without such a provision; but that it would be un-
constitutional, was altogether a different question.
A bankrupt law was a law to discharge-an insol-
vent debtor from his debts, on the condition that he
fairly and honestly surrendered all his property for
the benefit of his ct editors. The mode and the
manner of this discharge must necessarily be left to
the discretion of Congress. These must necessa-
rily vary, accoidmg to the varying opinions of the
Legislature. In England, formerly, four-fifths in
number and value ot the creditors must have con-
sented. It was now reduced to three-fifths; and the
prevailing opinion, even there, now seemed to be,
that it would promote the interest, both of the
debtor and the creditor, not to require the assent of
any portion of the creditors to the debtor's dis-
charge. Under our old bankrupt law of 1800,
two thirds in number and value of the creditors
were required to consent. The Senator from Mis-
souri would now be satisfied with a majority. This
was a mere incidental question, in passing any
bankrupt law, which did not enter into its essence.
And he could not say that such a law would not be
a bankrupt law under the Constitution; al'hough it
might not require the consent of any portion of the
bankrupt's creditors to obtain the debtor's dis-
charge.
Whilst every feeling of his heart was in favor of
relieving those unfortunate debtors whose property
had already been removed from their own control,
and placed in the hands of assignee^, and who had
incurred she trouble and expense of commencing
proceedings, he was truly rejoiced tbat no constitu-
tional barrier interposed to prevent him from per-
forming an act of humanity and justice.
He would suggest anoiher consideration: he, in
common with his political friends, was anxious
that this law should be repealed before the close of
the present session; that it shouid no longer be a
blot upon our statute book; that it should no longer
produce the injustice, iniquity, and fraud which
had startled the minds of a vast majority of the
American people, and caused them to demand its re-
peal. If the proviso from the present bill were strick-
en out, and it were sent back to the House thus
amended, the probability was, that it would be lost
altogether, and that the Jaw would neither ba
