CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
349
amended nor repealed. Was it not wiser, then, for
Senators to make the trifling concession of suffer-
ing those who had already applied for its bene-
fits to obtain their discharge, than to leave the law
in full force for another year?
Mr. BAGBY, believing the existing law uncon-
stitutional, should vote against any continuance of
the law whatever.
Mr. BERRIEN asked if the Senator from Mis-
souri confined his motion in the first instance sim-
ply to striking out the proviso; or did it include the
proposition to substitute his provisoes.
Mr. BENTON said his object was to offer his
amendments as a substitute; but he was indifferent
how the vots was taken.
Mr. CRITTENDEN hoped the naked question
would be taken on striking out the proviso.
Mr. BERRIEN explained ihe predicament which
would result from striking oat the proviso.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut remarked that,
believing the law to be unconstitutional, he should
vote against its continuance in any form.
The question was then taken on Mr. BEN-
TON'S amendment, and decided in the negative:
so the motion to strike out the proviso did not pre-
vail.
Mr. TALLMADGE proposed a.i amendment to
the bill, as an additional section, granting $1 on
each case pending, as remuneration to the judges
who will have to sit upon the cases now pending,
and which will be continued till final discharge un-
der this bill. This he considered but just.
The amendment was, however, rejected.
Mr. BERRIEN submitted an amendment, al-
lowing the greater part in value of creditors to
choose assignees in pending cases. Mr. B. said he
was called upon to submit this amendment, in ac-
cordance with a desire of the mercantile interest of
Baltimore. He considered such an amendment
but just and proper .to the immense interest in-
volved.
The amendment, as suggested, was read; and the
question coming up—
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would cheerfully vote
for the proposition, if the Senator from Georgia
would bring it up as a separate bill; but he could
not vote to append it to this bill, because he be-
lieved it would have the effect to prevent the repeal
of the law. It would have to go to tke other
House if amended, and could not be reached.
Mr. BERRIEN persisted in the amendment, be-
lieving that, if adopted, it could not have the effect
apprehended by the Senator from Pennsylvania.
Mr. CONRAD said he had received a commu-
nication, making an .appeal to him'of the same
character. He, therefore, wished to record his
vote in its favor, and demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. ALLEN said he would with cheerfulness
vote for the amendment; but, believing that the ef-
fect would be, if adopted, to continue the present
law in operation, he would vote against it. If
adopted, the bill would haqe to return to the other
House.
The yeas and nays were then ordered on the
amendment, and resulted in the negative—yeas 14,
nays 3d.
Mr. CONRAD offered another amendment, to
strike out the words "be and is hereby," and insert
after the words "forty-one," the words "shall,
from and after the 4th day of April next, be re-
pealed." He did not propose this amendment
with a view of retarding the inevitable fate of the
bill, nor m hopes that it would succeed. His ob-
ject was to fuifil his duty in complying with the
desire of his constituent?. As this amendment was
considered of great importance to his section ot
country, he should feel obliged to place his name
on record in its favor. He was deprived, by an
arrangement he bad made with an absent Senator,
(by pairing off with Mr. Simmons,) of voting against
the repeal of the law. He hoped, however, ihe
additional thirty days required by his constituents
would be considered not an unreasonable request.
Mr. C. then proceeded to point out the justice of
this extension of ihe proviso, and dtvclt wi!h con-
siderablt energy on tt.e instability of legislation
which the repeal of the law by the same Congress
which had enacted it must necessarily involve. On
this amendment he called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
The question being then taken on Mr. Conrad's
amendment by yeas and nays, resulted in the nega-
tive—yeas 13, nays 32.
The bill was thea reported back to the Senate.
Mr. TALLMADGE renewed his amendment
to allow $1 on each case pending, to the clerks of
the courts; and on this he called for the yeas and
nays; which were ordered.
The amendment was again rejected—yeas 14,
nays 34.
Mr. TALLMADGE now moved to postpone the
bill to the 1st Monday in December next; and, on
this motion, he called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
This motion was negatived—yeas 14, nays 34.
The bill was then read a third time; and,
Oo the question "Shall ihis bill pass?"
Mr. BUCHANAN called for the yeas and nays
which were ordered.
The bill was then passed in the form in which
it came from the Hou«e, without any amendment;
j^as 32, nays 13, as follows:
¥EA8—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Bayard, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Fulton, Gra-
ham, Huntington, King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Mangum,
Merrick, Morehead, Phelps, Rives, Sevier, Sprague, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, arid
Young—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Choate, Clayton,
Evans, Keir. Miller, Portei, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbrulge—13
A communication was read from the Treas-
ury Department—laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
RETRENCHMENT.
Mr. MOREHEAD, from the Committee on Re-
trenchment, to which was refened the bill from
the House, (No. 548,) reported Ihe same back, with
numerous amendment;-:—one lelievirig all officers
of the Government, who receive $1,200, and be-
low, from the operations of the bill; and reducing
all above that sum 12£ per cent.; another striking out
so much of it as reduced the pay and mileage of
members of Congress, and substituting a provision
reducing their mileage and pay 12J per cent.
The bill was accompanied by a special report;
which iv as ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 25, 1843.
Mr. A. MARSHALL presented the petition of
V. S, ROStJ, and thirty-eight others, cit'zens of
Islesboio', Maine, asking an increase of duties on
lumber and wood.
Mr. PLUMER presented petitions, numerously
signed by citizens of Pennsylvania, for the passage
of a law prohibiting the transportation of the Uni-
ted States mail and opening of post offices on the
Sabbath.
CHEKOKEE8.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS moved the reconsider-
ation of a vote by which, soma few days ago, the
House committed to a Committee of the-Whole a
jomt resolution, authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay such sums of money as had been
awarded by the commissioners to claimants under
the 17th article of the Cherokee treaty.
After a few remarks from Mr. FILLMORE,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, Mr. GWIN, and others,
the motion of reconsideration was agreed to, under
the operaiion of the previous question.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS then submitted a substi-
tute for the resolution, appended to which was a
proviso, limiting the sum io be paid to $200,000.
After the disposal of various motions to lay on
the table, &c., the amendment was adopted—ihe
sum of poO,000 having been first reduced to
$100,000, on ;i:k >u:;ge?tn n oi' Mr. FILLMORE.
The resoluln n -vas thee ordered to be engrossed;
and the queotion recurred on ihe passage, which,
under the operation of the previous question, v.-as
agreed to by a majority of 80 to 79.
fir. J. L WILLIAMS moved a reconsidera-
tion of the vote en the passage of the resolution;
on which he moved the previous question,
Mr. GWIN rote, and inquired whether it was
m order for him to give his views upon the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER said it was not.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved that the motion
for reconsideration be laid on the table.
After some conversation, and no little noise,
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS withdrew the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. RIGGS renewed it.
Mr. TURKEY renewed the motion to lay the
motion for reconsideration on the table.
Mr. GWIN dsinanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered* and ihe motion to lay on the
table was rejected—yeas 86, nays 107.
The question recurring on the motion for recon-
sideration,
Mr. GWIN called for the yeas and nays; which,
having been ordered, resulted in—yeas 95, nays
86.
So the motion of reconsideration was carried.
Mr. WATTEaSON submitted an amendment,
which was agreed to, but the purport of which
could not be obtained.
The question again recurred on the passage of
the resolution.
Mr. CAYE JOHNSON said that he was de-
sirous of saying a word or two upon this subject,
though he legretted to mter'ere, on aceouRt of
those interested in the claims. A very large fund
had been placed in the treasury for the use of the
Cnerokees, to be expended by the Government for
their benefit. He was fearful that a very large
portion of this fund had been already misapplied,
and that the Government would be called upon to
repay it. He understood the whole amount of
money so Misapplied exceeded half a million of
dollars. There 'was a balance in the treasury
amounting to about $300,000. Under the treaty
with the Cherokees, a board of commissioners was
now sitting in this city, for the purpose of adjudi-
cating claims under some of the articles of the
treaty. The object of this resolution was to direct
the issuance oi certificates by ihe board of com-
missioners upon the awards made by the board,
and their payment at the treasury, without a re-
view by the accounting officers.
To the adoption of this course there was, to his
mind, very great objections—objections insur-
mountable. The fund was a trust fund, and, if
mi>applied by us, we should of course have to
repay. We have directed its application by for-
mer appropriations. Suppose the adjudications
should exceed the amount of money in the treasury,
then the claimants must be paid pro rata; then the
payment to those now having their claims settled
to the full amount would be erroneous, and we
should have to repay any sum so misapplied.
Besides, the duty of executing the treaty has now
been devolved on the Executive Depaitment. We
have done our duty; we have made the appropria-
tion; the board of commissioners is now sitting;
and it is the province of the Executive to pay all
those claims within the provisions of the treaty.
Why should the House undertake to prescribe
the kind of evidence which the President should
r< quire, in paying out this fund? In all other cases,
after the adjudications by the board, they are sub-
mitted to the President; le-examined by the ac-
counting officers; and, if within the provisions of
the treaty, aie paid. We had, the other day, a
case of this kind. Under the Florida treaty, the
courts of the Floridas i had been directed to adjudi-
cate claims. They did adjudicate; and when their
adjudication' were examined at the treasury, Mr.
Crawford rgfused payment ot a very large sum,
because they were not within the provisions of the
treaty; and the other day we were called on to
pay me adjudications. The House refused, by a
very large majority—only twenty or thirty voting
for it.
If the present board should decide favorably
upon claims not within the provisions of the treaty,
and over which the board had no jurisdiction, that
would be such a misapplication of the funds as
would subject u«i to i's repayment. He contended
that it was the duty >>f she President, before pay-
ment was made, to pea that the adjudications were
within the provisions of the treaty.
But again: Suppose there was any fraud or cer 
