350
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ruption in the commissioners, (and he made the
supposition without the slightest disrespect to the
present board of commissioners,) and the com-
missioners should issue a miliion of certificates:—
were they to be paid at the treasury, without any
examination by the accounting officers of the treas-
ury, or other officers of the Government? This
course was unusual—so far as he knew, unprece-
dented. He could not feel himself justified in thus
opening the doors of the treasury to certificates
issued by any board of commissioners. He regret-
ted very much the condition of the claimants, and
wished that they had, or could, get their money; but
he could not consent to set aside all the safeguards
of the treasury, as regulated by law. All the guards
provided for the protection of the treasury often
proved insufficient; and this House ought not to in-
terfere, or set them aside, without great delibera-
tion; and, he hoped, would not do so in the present
case.
The debate was further continued by Mr. JAS.
COOPER and Mr. GWIN.
Mr. JOS. L. WILLIAMS then obtained the
floor, and went into an explanation and defence of
the objects of the resolution, and replied to the
various objections urged against its passage. He
concluded by moving the previous question.
Various gentlemen desired to explain; but the
motion for the previous question was carried.
Mr. EVERETT moved that the resolution be
laid upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered on this tr-otion;
and, being taken, resulted—yeas 87, nays 94, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. ArringU>n, Atherton, Rabcock, Baker, Bar-
nard, Beeson, liirdseye, Kowne, Boyd, Brewster, Charles
Brown, Burke, Bumel), William Butler, Calhoun, Casey,
Staley N Clarke, Clinton, Coh-s, Oovven, Oiavens, Daniel,
Garrett Davis, Richard 1> Davis, Deberry, Doan, Doig,
Egbert, Everett, Fessendcn,Fillmore, John G. Floyd, Charles
A. Floyd, Gilmei, William O. Gooile, Gordon, Gvvin, Hall,
Halsted, Hays, Ilouck, Houston, Hubanl, Ilunter, Hunt,
Cave Johnson, John W. Jones!, Isaac I). Jones, Linn, Little-
field, Lowell, McKay, McKeon, Malloiy, Alfred Marshall,
Samson Mason, Mathews, Mattocks, Maxwell, Mayn-trd, We-
dill, Mitchell, Morrow, Osborne, Payne, Proffit, Ilamsey,
Benjamin Randall, Alex. Randall, Randolph,Ilcduig, Rencher,
Rlggs, Sewril, Shaw, sSmelda, William Smith, Snyder,
Stanly, Steenrod, Sirauon, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumler,
Triph tt, Wmthrop, Wise, and Yoike—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Landulf W. Andrews, Sherlock J.
Andrews, Arnold, Jiaiion, Jiidlack, Ulan, Bo us, Bnsgx,
Bronson, A. V Brown, Milton Brown, Jeremiah Brown, P~ C
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Caiutheis, Childs, Chittenden, James Cooper,
Mark A. Cooper, Crawford, Cro.s*, Cnshing. D.iwson, Dean,
John C. Edwards, Feins, Fornancc, Gamble, Gates, Geniiy,
Gerry, Guiding-*, Graham, Green, Gustirm, H.inid, Hastings,
Henry, Hopkins, Howaul, C'h<nlesJ Ing&rsol), Joseph R In-
gernoll, Iivin, James, John P. Kennedy, Lewis, Abiaham Mc-
Clellan, Robert McClellan, McKennan, Maichand, Mathiot,
Meriwether, Millei, Mooie, Morris, Ncwhard, Oliver, Par-
menter, Partridge, Pendle'on, Plumer, Pope, Powell, Rey-
nolds, Ruigway, Roosevelt, William Russell, Jamea M.
Russell, Sanfoid, Slade, Stokely, Taliaferro, Tillinghast,
Tomhnson, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, Van Burcn,
Van Rensselaer, Wallace, Ward, Washington, Wntteison,
Weller, Westbrook, E. D. White, Thomas W. Williams,
Chnstophcr II. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Wood, A.
Young, and John Young—94
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
The question recurring on the passage of the res-
olution,
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS called for the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered.
Mr. GWIN having called for the yeas and nays
on the main question, they were accordingly or-
dered; and, being taken, resulted in yeas 88, nays
84.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL rose to a correction of
the journal. HU motion embraced three proposi-
tions: First, to correct the count taken on the final
passage of the bill to suspend the operations oi the
second scction of the apportionment bill, which
was reported by the Clerk to be yeas 90, nays 91,
instead of yeas 91, nays 91—which was the true
count. The Clerk, Mr. C. said, was satisfied now
that his report of the vote on the final passage of that
bill was incorrect. His second proposition was,
to add the vote of Mr. Andrews of Kentucky,
who voted in the affirmative, and whose vote was
not recorded. The third proposition was, to allow
Mr. Moore, who voted in the negative under a
misapprehension, to correct his vote. Mr. An-
drews having voted against the-reconsideration,
he went to him and asked him how it was he had
given such a vote, when he had previously ex-
pressed his intention to vote for the bill. Mr. An-
dbe#s then informed him that he had voted for the
bill on every question that was taken until the
last; and he had then voted against the reconsider
ation, in consequence of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Wis®.]
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky said that, in rela
tion to his vote, he had no dis:inct recollection on
the subject. He had referred to gentlemen around
him for their recollections on the subject, and they
had informed him that he did not vote on the pas-
sage of the bill; that he rose and addressed the
Speaker, in order to have his name called; but, not
being answered, he had sat down, remarking that
he did not care much about it. Under these cir-
cumstances, he was unwilling to ask to have his
name recorded. He voted against the reconsidera-
tion, on the ground that several gentlemen—and,
among the rest, the gentleman from Virginia—had
taunted them with having passed a law that was a
nullity.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL said that, in justice
to himself, he wished to ask the gentleman on#'
question. When he went to him to ask him why
be voted against the reconsideration, when he had
promised to vote for the bill, did he not state that
he had voted for it on every question that occur-
red previous to that vote] He asked this question,
in order to put himself right.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky said he would,
with pleasure, put the gentleman right. When
the gentleman came to him, he did state to him
that he had been with him on every question till
the vote on iho reeonSideiation.
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk would cor-
rect the count of the vote that was taken, making
it 91 to 91. The bill, therefore, was rejected. In
relation to the vote of Mr. Andrews of Kentucky,
the Speaker couM not diiect it to be recorded, un-
less the gentleman himself desired it.
LAND TAXES.
Mr. REYNOLDS called up his motion to re-
consider the vote laying on the table the bill to au-
thorize the Legislature of Illinois to tax the lands
sold by the United States within the limils of that
Starr. Mr. R. requssted to have tbe law on the
subject read.
The SPEAKER said that it could not be done
but by general consent; and the question was not
debatable.
Mr. BRIGGS asked if it was in order to move
to go into Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER said that it was not.
Mr. CASEY moved to lay the motion for re-
consideration on the table; which motion was car-
ried.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS hoped the House
would, by general consent, take up the bill to di-
vide the United States into two military districts.
Objections were made, He moved a suspension
of the rules for that p'irpose.
Mr. J. THOMPSON hoped ihe motion would
be waived, to allow reports to be made from com-
mittees.
Mr. 0- H. WILLIAMS did not withdraw his
motion, but asked the previous question upon it.
The motion to suspend was negatived.
Mr. WISE asked permission to report the navy
appropriation bill, with the Senate's amendments
thereto; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. THOMPSON again appealed to the
House to allow reports to be received from com-
mittees, as tbe opportunities to make them would
be very few before the termination of the session.
Mr. UNDERWOOD made an appeal in favor
of the business of the District of Columbia.
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the House resolve it-
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. MALLORY obtained permission to present
some papers, which were understood to relate to
the exploring expedition.
The House then agreed to the motion of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Bmogs] to go
into Committee of the Whole; and Mr. Fessenden
took the chair.
THE CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPRO-
PRIATION BILL.
The committee resumed the consideration of the
bill making appropriations for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending the 30th day of June, 1844; and pro-
ceeded through all the items, without objection, un-
til tha Clerk arrived at those under the head of
"Judiciary."
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL moved to reduce the
item appropriating $473,000 for defraying the ex-
penses of the supreme, circuit, and district courts
of the United Sta'es, &c., &c., by a deduction of
|100,000.
He advocated his amendment, to curb the ex-
travagance which had tprung up in that branch of
the public expenditures; and observed that, since he
was in Congress, some years ago, the expenses un-
der this head had risen from §40,000 to upwards of
$400,000 per annum. He pointed out various
modes by which retrenchment might be effected—
particularly the opening of tbe courts on certain
days, and on those days transacting the business of.
the courts; instead of opening them every day in
the year, and closing them again, without the dis-
charge of any duties. The latter course would ef-
fect the saving of a large amount now paid to of-
ficers, jurors, witnesses, &c., for attendance on
thofce days when the courts were opened pro forma
only.
He alluded to the rejection of this item at the
last sevsion of Congress, and its introduction after-
wards in a bill appropriating a sum for the Wyan-
dot Indians—by which means it passed, in the con-
fusion attendant on the close of a session, without
the knowledge of many members on that floor,
who would have opposed the apptopriation if they
had been aware that it was reintroduced in that un-
usual shape. He was himself one of those who
were unconscious of the passage of that item of
appropriation; and his first information of that
fact was derived from the newspaper reports of
their proceedings, on the following day.
He concluded by expressing a hope that the
committee would reduce this item of appropriation,
as they did at the last session.
Me?srs. FILLMORE, ADAMS, TILLING-
HAST, and BARNARD, having made some ob-
servations on the amendment—
Mr. McCLELLAN of New York said the com-,
mittee would recollect that, in the month of March
last, the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, by a series of resolutions, called upon the
Secretary of the Treasury to make an examination
into the expenses of the "judiciary, which had of
late grown up t.0 an enormous amount. That ex-
amination was made by the Solicitor of the Treasu-
ry, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and his report was sent here on the 23d
December last, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary for examination, and to report to the
House in reference to those expenses. The chair-
man of the Judiciary Committee, however, had ta-
ken no action on that subject. The report of the
Secretary of the Treasury recommended a fee-bill
for the officers of the district and circuit courts of
the United States; and yet this House had had no
bill, nor even a report, from tbe Judiciary Commit-
tee, on that subject. Now, if there was any branch
of this Government in which corruption existed, it
was in the judiciary, so far as the officers of the
courts were concerned. It would be recollected
that, in the month of March, a year ago, he intro-
duced a resolution calling for returns of fees, par-
ticularly in relation to the southern district of New
York; but that resolution remained unanswered to
this day, and not a particle of information had
come in, in response to it. It was true that a re-
port on one branch of this subject had been made
to this House; but he was told that a portion of
that report had been abstracted either from the of-
fice of the Clerk of this House, or from the office of
Messrs. Gales & Seaton, their printers; it was that
part of the report which contained the answer of
the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to the
fees of the officers of the different courts of the
United States, and the amount of their receipts and
emoluments. That document was ordered to be
printed early in February, bat it had not be«n
