CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
printed to this day. Now, such were his views on
this subject, that if any gentleman would move to
reduce the item $200,000, he would vote for it,
until they could have some action on the subject,
by which they should be enabled to act intelligibly.
He saw no reason why clerks should receive
#5,000, $16,000, or $15,000, for mechanical ser-
vices, when the judges received only $3,500,
Mr. BARNARD explained.
Messrs, TILLINGH AST and SA.LTONST ALL
addressed the committee in extenuation of the
charges made against the officers charged with the
judicial expenditures.
Mr. GORDON spoke in fsvor of the reduction.
He contended that, unless the appropriation was
reduced §100,000, as proposed, there would not be
any alteration in the exorbitant prices now charged
in the fee-bills. True, the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury had reported a plan for reducing the expen-
ditures of the courts generally; but it must be
manifest that there was not time to take it up, and
act on it this session; and therefore to rcfuie to re-
duce, would be equivalent to giving the go-by to
the subject.
The question was then taken on Mr. Inqehsoll's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY said he was instructed by
the Committee on the Coast Survey to oifer the
following amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of one hundred
thousand dollars be appropriated, eut of any money in ihe
treasury not otherwise appropriated, for continuing the survey
of the coast of the United States: Provided, That this, and all
other appropriations hereafter to be made for thid work, shall,
until otherwise provided by law, be expended in accordance
with a plan of reorganizing the mode of executing the survey,
to be submitted to the Piesident of the United States by a boaid
of officers which shall be organized by him, to consist of the
pressnt supprintendent, his two principal assistants, and the
two naval officers n o m charge of the hydiographical panics,
and four frcun among the principal ofhcer^Tof the corps of
topographical engineer.?,■ none of whom shall reccivo any addi-
tional compensation whatever for tto.-t service, and who shall
sit as soon m oi^ar.ized. And the President of the United States
shall adopt and cairy into effect the plan of said board, as
agreed upon by a majority of us n-ertibers; and the plan of
said board shall causo to be employed as many officeis ol the
army and navy of the United States as will bo compatible with
the successful prosecution of the work; the officers of ihe navy
to to employed on the hydrographical parts, and 'he officers of
the army on the topogiaphical parts of the woik. And no
officer of the army or navy shall heieafter receive any extra
pay, out of this or any future appropriations, for surveys.
Mr. MALLORY said it would be perceived by
the House that this amendment proposed a total
reorganization of the work; and if it should be
carried out in the spirit of that amendment, it
would correct many of the abuses which some < f
them believed to exist, and would effect a saving
of some |20,000 or $30,000, by dispensing with
the services of numerous civil officers, believed
not to be necessary, and substituting for them
officers of the topographical corps and officers of
the navy. The committee had left the plan of
the survey to be decided on by a board of officers,
and submitted to the President for his approval, as
they had not been able to agree among themselves
on any detailed plan. He had, to be sure, his
own views as to how the work should be carried
on; but as they did not meet the concurrence of a
majority of the committee, he could not bring ifaem
before the House in the form of a report. As be
had spoken at large on the subject, some days
since, he felt no disposition to trespass on the time
of the committee, but would leave (he amendment
in their hands, tnifiug that it would be adopted.
Mr. C. BROWN offered an amendment lo the
amendmenr, striking out $100,000, and insuring
$40,000; together with a proviso, that the super-
intendence of the coast survey shall be transfeircd
to the Navy Department, and ihat the survey? sfca!!
be carried on by officers of the navy and of the
corps of topographical engineers.
Mr. BROWN said that, in offering this amend-
ment as a sobsii'ute for that of the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Mailory,] he must in a few word-i
espress his opprsiuon to the latter. That amend-
ment did not look 10 ihe practical reform which ihe
House expected when this subject was last under
discussion. He believed, that there was a decided
disposition manifested in the House to get clear of
the present head of the survey; yet the amendment
of the gentleman brought him forward as the most
prominent member of it. He thought the House
dfcided, when the subject was up before, that the
survey should be carried on by the officers of the
General Government; and he wished it to be carried
on in that way now. He did not wish to pay some
hundred thousand dollars as extra pay for officers
taken from private life, when ihere were so many
in the navy and army perfectly competent to per-
form this service. This work had eost nearly a ■
million of dol:ars by the empkyment of Mr. Hau-
ler and his civil assistants alone, without taking
into consideration ihe pay of the officers of the navy
and army who were engaged in it. He believed
that Mr. Hassler had retarded the work for years,
and, from his knowledge of the man,hecould safely
say that he was physically .and mentally incapa-
ble of carrying it on properly—incapable both by
temper and by age. He was like a hen with
chickens around her, who would suffer no one to
meddle with them. He had seen enough of that
department to be convinced that things were carried
on in the most ridiculous manner in it. For in-
stance, Mr. Hassler had a work shop here in Wash-
ington to repair his instruments; and when ha was
asked what he would do if any of his instruments
got out of order while he was m New York or New
Jersey surveying, answered that he would send
them on to Washington. If any gentleman would
read the letter addressed by tbe superintendent to
Mr. Ayctigj, he would hardly (Mr. B. thought)
pronounce him a sane man.
The following extract would show the whole
character of ihe mind and temper of thf man:
"I have only to regret: that you, in the situation of a member
of the select committee of investigation upon the coast survey,
((hough yotn application is not made m th ncapachy, or with
that auihonz-itioo,) have sufteied yoursell to be misled by such
reports, which may oblige me to make your and this letter pub-
lic, which I think you have a cfi'suk-fdble inieresl ro
keep between up, by fr.irly and decidedly turn lriendly to the
woik, as you stated at first, but which you have so much at-
lacircd, and to let me alone; who certainly have done nothing
that could m any way in the woikl bo taken ill in nic, neither
in the work, nor aaainst you, unless you should think: that I
have norigbtol self-defence, whyh belongs, by natural right
to all, even the dumb and I uieiefoiu shall not give up,
having so plenty means fnr it on hand. Wimm two days, I
hope to fft t yoi.f deciMon upon this point, because I am not
suie of the use you mean to make c-i the information, which 1
he.-ewWi give 10 you, in the lullest candor, Tom decidedly
obliged to .ic'f, and so to act, that neither th's country nor Eu-
r>P'jcan remain in doubt upon the subject of your questions;
you cannot but see, that the subject you attack, (namrly, the
accuracy ol the base line,) belongs to the scientific Woild, which
not limited by the boundary of the United Stafes, even as set-
tled by the la?ttrea'y; that mathematics furnishes means to
ascertain truth, Tshich even politics cannot, (for even the de-
cision of large assemblies by plurality of rotes, has hern cal-
culated by ma.hcniaucians—see uCJlidouel^, Probabilue' des
derisions par lei pJuralne des voix.)
Reside^, please tn observe that every stioke you may think to
do at the coast survey, by raising doubts upon its accuiacy,
and ieviimg it, may be also a stroke at some vessel, bearing,
perhapa, a friend or relation of yours, whose groans will cry
vengeance up^n you, for having prevented, or discredited, the
execution o< ?n accurate survey of the coast, upon which you
may bs long m search of his corpse.
With best wishes, your obedient servant,
F. R. HASSLER.
The Government would find it more useful to
employ Mr. Hassler in calculating, mathemati-
cally, the votes of Congress, than to conduct the
survey. His friends .-.ay he knows more of mathe-
matics than any man living; and he, in the above
extract, hints that he can so calculate "ihe decision
of large assemblies." This would be of great ad-
vantage, as it was now found very difficult to get
the votes of members. If Mr. Hassler couid cal-
culate these, the members could go home when
they please. Let him, then, be appointed calcula-
tor general of Congress; but he bejrged of them to
take him away tr^m tbe coast survey, if they
wished it ever to be made of use to tbe country.
But this was wandering from the subject.
Mr. E. said he had prepared some notes of
the history of the work, but he would only
ref*r to them no.v. Tbe law of February 10,
1807, created (he coast survev, put it m the hands
of the President, and authorized him to use amy
an J navy officers, navy vessels, astronomeis, and
other persons.
In August, 1816, Mr. Hastier was appointed su-
pencaen em Xlis agreement wss to "make ihe
principal triar.gulation and consequent calculations
himself; to imtrvxt the engineer and naval officers
employed under him; and he wanted two offictrs
of engineers, topographical or others, and some
cadets of said corps, in number according to cir-
cumstances."
April 14,1818, that part of the law of 1807 was
repealed, which ainhoi iz 'd the employment oi othef
persons, than those belonging to ihe army and navy.
Up io this lime, over $55,000 were expendedjin be-
ginning the work and buying instruments, for which
purpose Mr. Hassler was in England from August,
1811, to 1815.
June 10, 1832, the law of 1807 was revived,
and Mr. Hassler was again appointed superin-
tendent. The work has been going on ever since.
The coast ha1? been triangulated from Point Judith
to Cape Henlopen, (say about 300 miles;) but
only a part of the off-shore soundings have been
taken. There are about 3,000 mdes of seaboard
to the United Slates. $720,000 have been ex-
pended already.
It is stated, in Captain Swift's pamphlet, that
the survey of the coast was under tbe Treasury
Department, because Mr. Hassler was already en-
gaged under that department, making weights and
measures. These are all made now.
When the coast survey was begun, the topo-
graphical corps existed but in name. In 1838, it
was organized and enlarged, and is now an able
and useful corps.
Last year, Congress established a hydrographi-
cal bureau ill the Navy Department. There are
numbers of naval officars capable of doing hydro-
graphical duties under this bureau.
The coast survey is the most important topo-
graphical and hydrographical work in ihe country.
We have a topographical and a hydrographical
bureau, yet neither of them has any connexion
with tbis great national work.
Mr. Hosier has j s: published from the opinion
of ihe Marquis of La Place, (Chamber of Peers,
session ot 1816-U7 ) upon the French survey,
this valuable suggest,on, viz; "Peihaps even the
great number ot gev graphical engineers which our
present stats of peace allows to employ in this
worfc, to which it is pain'cl to see them strangers,
I wo ".Id render iis execution more prompt, and less
expensive."
The Florida war is now over; many works of
internal improvement aie suspended; there must be
topographical cflicers eno-jgu for the coast survey.
The Russian Government has employed an able
American engineer to perform an imporiant scien-
tific work; but ihat wise Government requires that
all the assistants shall come from its corps of en-
gineers, which is composed of army and navy offi-
cers.
If the coast survey is lo be a useful public work,
let the officers conduct it under their bureaus. The
officers would then take a pride in this duty, and
do it well, and do it cheap. The supervision of
the bureaus would occasion system, fidelity, and
entire responsibility.
More ihan $30,000 are now paid annually to
citizens, for salaries, out of the coast survey appro-
pi iittion. Tbis c^uld be saved, by employing offi-
ceiS. Slake exclusive use of them, and half the
present annual appropriation would suffice.
Can the Treasury Department manage the sur-
vey underetaaditiaiy? The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has already enough to do in the line of his
duty; and, rs far as the survey is concerned, a
clerk in the Treasury Department is the secretary.
Can a citizen superintendent, of closet and scien-
tific habits; er can a clerk in the Treasury Depart-
ment, manage, with efficiency and economy, so
many land and water parties, officers, men, vessels,
and beats ?
The Navy Depsrtment pays out of the nary
appropriation the officers and men now lent to the
Treatuiy for the survey. The Secretary of the
Navy appears io have no control over Ihe expend-
itures of this part of the naval appropriation.
He does not even select the cflicers detailed for
this duty, though he knows his own material best,
and these who are most suitable. This navy duty
has become treasury patronage, with commands,
es'.ra pay, &c.
Trie Treasury Department has charge of the
ves.-elf; they are bought by the coast survey ap-
propriation; the ofl-shore soundings are only in part
taken. There are not vessels enough, and of the
right sort, to take these soundings and in the righ
way. Steamers are wanted. The survey ap-
propriation cannot bear the expense; bat if the Hft-*
