35S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vy Department had charge of the hydrography, it
could put suitable vessels on the coast squadron,
and employ them on the coast survey, agreeably
to the law of 1807.
Last year the vessels did no soundings until
about the 1st of June, although the spring opened
early. The treasury had not the means to' equip
the vessels until the appropriation bill passed Con-
gress. But if the navy had charge of vessels, the
few naval stores they wanted might have been fur-
nished from the navy stores, or given from second-
hand articles not oh charge at the yards. Had good
arrangements been made, the Delaware bay might
readily have been finished last fall, and the chart
ef it got out at once.
Now, the topographical corps makes surveys for
defences; the navy officers make charts along the
coast; and the coast survey goes over the same
place a third time. If the officers did this work, the
army might get the military information, and thg
navy the hydrographical knowledge, which the inter-
est of the country requires that each of these
branches of the public defence should have; and
this, atjthe expense of but one survey; for, at places
where defences might be required, the survey could
be done with the utmost minuteness.
The officers of the army and navy need not
clash. The topographical corps (aided by
junior navy officers willing to serve under that
bureau—and the recent Florida war and the pres-
ent coast survey system, show that navy officers are
willing to serve, for the public good, under other
departments than their own) would do the to-
pography and furnish the shore line. The hydro-
graphical officers would receive the shore line,
take the soundings, and make the chart. The same
principle is now at work, and works well. The
navy officers now get the shore line from the citi-
zens in the shore parties.
The President could direct the War and Navy
Secretaries to make such rules, through the bureaus,
as would obviate every difficulty.
Employing officers would secure for the public,
system, ecofiomy, and despatch. The informa-
tion obtained would be got by the right persons and
kept in the right hands. Government would have
complete command of the persons employed; and
should the work ever be suspended, might, at
pleasure, set them to work again on the same duty.
Under any aspect of the matter, Mr. B. said he
could sot see the propriety of continuing Mr. Hass-
ler; or, indeed, of employing any civilians in the
work. Mr. Hasslei's assistants, he understood,
were men of high character and qualifications, and
might, if free from his paralyzing influence, carry
on the work with more expedition; but, believing
as he did, that their services could be'dispensed
with, he could not authorize their retention. The
survey he wished to be prosecuted without delay;
and all he wanted was, to have it under the most
efficient management. If it was found that the
officers of the navy and army were not competent,
it could be remedied hereafter; but it was due 10
them to give them a fair trial, before they were
Condemned. Certainly they ought not to be dis-
graced and condemned in advance. It was an in-
sult to them to suppose that Mr. llass>ier was the
only man in the country capable of superintending
this work; and that they could not carry on the sur-
vey of our coast by triangul&tion. They had been
for some time, and were now, surveying the lakes;
and he believed their surveys would be equally cor-
rect with Mr. Hauler's. We had a bureau of
hydrography of the navy, Bnd a corps of topo-
graphical engineers, which were expressly creatcd
to perform this kind of servicf, while there was 'he
military academy at West Point, which quabfied
the officers to perform it. The people would hardly
believe that these officers (educated at ihe expense
of the Government) were not capable of perform-
ing the services for which they were educated; and,
if they thought so, they would be for abolishing that
institution. They would say that these officers should
be dismissed, and others appointed in their places,
who were, qualified.
There was no officer of the Government, except
the President of the United States, who rect ivpd so
much from the treasury as Mr. Hassler. Mr. B.
here read from the printed report of the evidence
taken before the committee the following extract:
"Q,. What sum is allowed to Mr. Hassler, annually, for ex
penses, exclusive of compensation!
A. Salary $3,000, and expenses $3,000. .
Q. For what expenses is this #3,000 designed^ Is it for per-
sona! expenses?
. A. I suppose it is the expenses of living.
Q, Is he paid for other expenses when he goes into the field?
A. He is furnished with an instrument carriage and horses
for the instruments and himself, and a baggage wagon besides,
for instruments, at the public expense,
CI. Is it the satnecarriage which he is accustomed to use in
Washington?
A. Yes.
ft. Are horses and men paid at the public expense for the
carriage and wagon through the year?
A. Yes; four horses, one permanent driver, and one other
man, who also assists about the office."
Besides all this, Mr. Hassler had recently moved
into the coast-survey building, and thereby lived
rent free, A majority of the committee would
agree with him, that this officer was pressing like
an incubus on the survey. He never could ac-
knowledge that there was no other man in the
country capable of carrying on this work. This
might have been the case when he was first ap-
pointed, thirty years ago; but since that time they
had a number of officers educated at the military
academy, while many otheis in the civil walks of
life had qualified themselves for scientific employ-
ments? He was sure that the officers of the army
and navy were competent to perform this work.
There was bat little now for the topographical en-
gineers to do; and he had no doubt that many of
them, as well as officers of the navy, would be glad
to be employed on the coast survey. Indeed, sev-
eral efficers of the navy had told him that they
would like such employment, rather than be idle,
as they then were.
Prom the rate the coast survey had thus far
proceeded, it would take more than a hundred
years to complete it. Certainly this was too slow.
He hoped, therefore, a change would be made. In
the language of the report of Mr. Aycrigq: "We
should then have the survey conducted on a sys-
tem of practical utility, and moving right end fore-
most."
Mr. EVERETT made some remarks iu too low
a tone to be heard by the reporter, but he was
understood as opposing the amendment.
The committee then rose, and reported progress.
Mf. CAVE JOHNSON offered a resolution
for adoption.
Mr. WISE objected to its reception.
The resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to intiune into the expediency of so modifying thu 21st at-
tide of the rules and regulations for the government of the
navy, prescribed by the act of 23d April, 1800, as to provide
that the authority given by that article to a court martial to
punish the crime of mutder, when committedbyany officer,
seaman, or marine belonging to any public vessel of the United
States, without the territorial jurisdiction of the same, shall not
be excicised when the person charged with having commuted
such murder shall have arrived within the territorial jurisdic-
tion of the Untied States, and can be arrested and held to an-
swer by the civil courts; and that, m all such cases, the juris-
diction of the circuit couit of the United States, for the circuit
into which the person charged with such crime shall first be
brought, or in which he shall be apprehended, shall have exclu-
sive jurisdiction and cognisance of the offence.
Mr, PROFFIT offered a resolution in relation
to the disregard of a resolution passed by the
House, some twelve months ago, calling upon the
Secretary of the Treasury for returns of officers
who retain possession of public moneys, including
forfeitures and penalties; bat, as objection was
made, it was not received. Is was as follows :
Wheieas the House of Representatives did, on the 29th June,
1842, adopt the following resolutions:
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to inform this House whether any collectors, or other officers of
the customs, have retained and still hold any moneys leceived
by them, from fines, penalties, and forfeitures, accruing since
the 3d March, 1841; and if any such officer does retain moneys,
the Secretary ol the Treasury is hereby directed to furnish to
this House the names of such officers, and the amount so re-
tained.
ilRsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be diiected
to inform this House whether any opinion of the Attorney Gen-
eral has been given on the subject of the right of retention, by
officers ol the customs, of moneys now accruing under the head
of 'fines, penalties, and forfeitures;' and il any such opinion
has been given, the Secretary ©f the Treasury is hereby directed
to furnish this House with a copy of the same.
"Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed
to iniorm this House whether he has ordered any officer of the
customs, reuming moneys accruing since the 3d March, 1841,
under the head of'fines, penalties, and forfeitures,' to pay said
moneys into the treasury of the United States; and whether
any officer of the customs has refused or neglected to pay over
said moneys; if so, the Secretary of the Treasury is directed to
furnish the names of such officers neglecting or refusing to obey
his order."
And whereas nearly eight months have now elapsed, and no
answer to these resolutions has been transmitted to this House;
herefore,
♦ Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform this House why.it is that these resolutions have not been
Also, whether any correspondence has taken place between
the Secretary of the Treasury and the First Comptroller, or
any other officer, on the subject of answering these resolutions;
and, if any correspondence has taken taken place, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is directed to transmit "to this House a
copy of the same. " .
Also, that the Secretary of the Treasury inform this House
what are the causes of the great delay in answering resolutions
of this House; and whether any reorganization of the Treasury
Department is necessary, to insure a more efficient attention to
the orders of Congress.
Mr. PROFFIT said that, if resolutions of the
House—especially of the importance of those which
had been passed nearly eight months—could thus
remain neglected, it should not be his (Mr. Prop-
fit's) fault. If Government officers can hold over
public moneys, and thus silently be suffered to
become defaulters, he (Mr. Proffit) would not be
responsible for so gross neglect of public duty. Let
those who refuse to call for information, or neglect
to enforce the orders of this House, calling for in-
formation, bear the odium of any defalcation which
may take place.
On the motion of Mr. EVERETT, 10,000 extra
copies of the report of the Committee of Ways
and Means, on the state of the finances, were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY submitted a resolution
directing the printing of the usual number of extra
copies (10,000) of the annual commercial state-
ment, so soon as it should be received from the
Treasury Department.
Mr. FILLMORE moved to amend the resolu-
tion, by adding a like number of copies of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, in an-
swer to the resolution of the House adopted on the
231 instant.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS moved, as an amend-
ment to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Fillmore,] that 5,000 extra
copies of the report of the select committee ou re-
trenchment [Mr. Gilmer's] be printed.
The question was taken on the last motion, and
the Speaker decided it to be lost.
Mr. J. L. WILLIAMS called for a count; but
withdrew his call, at the request of many members,
who apprehended that a count would show that
no quorum was present.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mrj Fillmore] was agreed to; and, after an
ineffectual effort on the part of Mr. A. V. BROWN
to have the resolution laid on the table, it was, as
amended, adopted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a number
of executive communications; which were all laid
on the table, or referred, and ordered to be printed.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, in answer to a resolution of the 23d Febru-
ary, transmitting a statement of the outstanding ap-
propriations on the 3d of March, 1841, and the
available means of the treasury at the same period}
also, the outstanding appropriations and available
means estimated for the 3d March, 1843.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting the report of J. W. P. Lewis,
engineer, on the condition of the light-houses in the
United States.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, showing the official emoluments of the vari-
ous officers of the customs during the past year.
A communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, supplementary to the report upon steamboat
navigation in the Mississippi river, and on the
Northern lakes.
A communication from the War Department,
transmitting a statement of the contingent expendi-
tures of that department.
A communication from the Post Office Depart-
ment, exhibiting the number of persons employed
in that department.
A communication from the War Department, in
answer to the resolution of the House asking" for
the reasons for the reduction of General Gaines's
pay. The communication states that the pay was
reduced in consequence of t|*e act of last session
