CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT GNE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sesm,
MONDAY, MARCH 6, 1843.
Volume 12"-*No. 23.
Continued /rem No. 22.
reducing the army, by which General Gaines, who
is major general by brevet, has the command of
only four regiments, and is, therefore, according to
the regulations of the army, only entitled to the
pay of brigadier genera!.
Mr. TOLAND r.sked leave to t-ffer a resolution,
(not read; and the purport, therefore, not known.)
Mr. WISE objectei to the ii;irt dac-ion of the-
resolution.
Mr. TOLAND per sisling in his effort to get the
reeolution in,
Mr. WELLER troved an aojournmei't.
Tellers were called for on the rci;i".n, (Me.-sr-\
Toland and Weller,) who lepotted ays 54,
noes 63.
So the House refused to adjourn—r.o quornm
•voting.
The SPEAKER suggested thai :he report of the
Conference Committee on 'iie army bill be cow ta-
ken up and acted on.
Objection was made.
Mr. TOLAND rtiies.ed ih  effort to get ,n his
resolution.
Mr. WISE ag=tin objected.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS moved a call of ihc
House.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved that the
House adjourn; os which motion tellers ( Vlfs«r>.
Andrews and A. V. P.ecwk) were appointed.
They reported aj es 58, ni es 55.
So the House adjourned.
hou^e op representative,
Febratrv 35, 1843.
To the Editor of the Globe ;
In th« Globe of yesterday, on the bill to suspend
the operation of the second s-ction of the act re-
quiring the States t<> be divided it.to congressional
districts, the rematks of Mr. Cumpiell of South
Carolina, and an explauation of mine on ihesame
subject, aie so reported a-: to make an eironeous
impresiion. The foliocvms is the parr of 'he re-
port to which I allude:
"Mr. Campbell said that it: the S-ate of Geor-
gia, the elections cine on previcu5 to the time of
the meeting of their Legislature; aul though :he
Legislatuie oa its meeting proceeded almost im-
mediately to divide the State into congreision a! dis-
tricts for the twenty-ninth Congress, yet the elec-
tions for the twenty-eighth Congress having already
taken place, they had no power utarer the con-
stitution to set them aside, and order new elec-
tions. The same state of things had happened m
Missouri; but he was informed that a majority of
the people of that State v. ere in favor of the district
system, and they would eventually adopt it.
"Mr. J. C. Edwards said that the gentleman
was mistaken—a xaajoiity of the Legislature be-
lieved that the act of Congress was unconstitu-
tional."
This language conveys tie idea that I said "the
gentleman was mistaken" ia his irformation "that
a majority of the people cf that .State (Missouri)
were in favor of the district sjftem, «::d they would
eventually adopt it." It was nor ruy in ten'ion to
convey this idea. I said nothing in n?j>rt-  :t> fh"
opinions of a majority of the people r>i tins sub-
ject. The remark made by the gentlemsn from
South Carolina, ia allusion to the r.pip.io:j~i o,' the
people,and as to what they mi h'.eyei tually do on
the subject of districting the S.ate, did i ot caich
my attention. I explained in refejpnee to iIh ac-
tion and opinion of the Legislature only; and what
I said was this:
"The gentleman i; m.Vaken as to the ac'ion of
oar Legislature. I have bfen recenoy informed
that the Legislature of Missouri bare mtased to
district that State. I behevc a majority of the
Legislature ,deem the act of Congress requiring
them to district the Statu unconstitutional." I
might have added, ihnt a refusal to district the
State was proof of this opinion; and that, even if
they believed Congress had the power to district,
yet they denied the power of Congress to com-
pel the S:ate Legislature to district for them.
I said nothing as to the opinion of the people of
my State. I said nothing as to their future ac'ion
on Shis subject. I knew nothing.
Very respectfully,
J. C. EDWARDS.
To the Editor of the Globe:
Sir: In the report of congressional proceedings
of Thursdav, February 23, contained in ih>- Globe
of Friday evrD'Bg, February 24, it is said "Mr.
Tillinghast offered, as an amendment to the
amendment, 0100 ,000 for Hell-gate, in New
Yurk."
Tnis is an error The amendment referred to
was offered by Mr. Roosetelt of New York—
not by me. I vo'ed against it. The two amend-
ments offered by rac (with notice tlmt, if they fail-
ed here, i t-houid renetv them on another cceasici)
were—ine fer the survey on Block Island, and one
for reoioving obstructions in providence river,
Very respectfully, yours,
' J. L. TILLINGrHAST.
February 25, 1843.
IN SENATE.
IMonday, February 27, 1843.
Mr. EVANS, from the Gomnanee on Finance,
made a report (which was ordered to bp printed)
adverse to tho passage, of the bill for the relief uf
Samuel Hcffra?n.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
coun iesoi Si La* rence and Franklin, New York,
praying lor the ejublifhinerit of <t post route. He
rematked that he did not expect that any action
could be had upon it this session; bat, with a view
that the papers might be preserved, he presented
them, and moved that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post OffiGe and Pest Roads. Agreed
to.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the previous order*
were postponed, and the bill to permit the entry of
merchandise in certain cases free of duty, was
take?* up, read the second t.'me, and considered as
in committee of the whole.
Mr. EVANS explained the propriety of the pas-
sage o! this bill. He said that some persons had
Idttly invented a valuable machine for the purpose
of laising wrecks. Two vessels had already been
raised by it in the river Delaware, by which a great
improvement had been effected m the navigation
of that river; these vessels having heretofote form-
ed a kind of bar or obstruction there. The rais-
ing of those vessels was a very expensive and haz-
ardous undertaking. In the two cases alluded to,
some crockery, &c,, had been saved from the wrecks
alluded to. This bill proposed that those goods,
and all goods saved in like manner, should be ad-
mitted free of duty, as an encouragement to the
inventors to progress in such useful labors.
Mr. WOODBURY made some remarks in favor
of (he bill.
Mr. KING vss fearful that the revenues were
not sufficiently guarded by it.
)V3r. EVANS replied, that its provisions were
propeily guarded. Thoie goods were to be ad-
mitted tree, under such regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury.
There being no amendment proposed to the bill,
it wss reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
H )'ire bills for the relief of Nancy Tompkins
and of Conrad House were taken t,p as in commit-
tee of the whole, on adverse reports of the Com-
miitses on Claims and Na"a! Affairs, and indefi-
nitely postponed.
Mr. TAPPAN presented a petition from citizens
of Jefferson county, Ohio, asking Congress to in-
terfere in the case of Mr. Kendall, and restore him
to personal liberty.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that a bill had been
carefully prepared and reported by the Committee
on Claims upon this very subject; and, unless it
was taken up and acted upon at once, it could not
be passed this session. Its provisions would not
at all affect the demand of Stockton & Stokes, but
merely suspended the imprisonment until one year
after the Supreme Court "shall have rendered final
judgment. He, therefore, moved that the previous
orders of the day be pos-tponed, and that the bill
be taken up.
The question being put, it was carried in the af-
firmatije; and the bill was taken up, read the
second time, and considered as in committee of the
whole.
Mr. WR1GIIT said the bill was merely a bill
to amend the act relating to imprisonment for
debt in the District of Columbia. The Committee
on Claims, which reported the bill, were decidedly
of the opinion that Congress should not interfere,
by ife legislation, with the judgment vhich had
been rendered against Mr. Kendall, a! this time—
the case having been carried up to the Supreme
Court on an appeal. The committee, in examining
the case, found (which was new to ail of them) by the
laws which related to the impris.onment for debt in
thiDistrict, at this time, that when a debtor was
in charge on execution by any person, he may
take the bounds for twelve months, and then, if
he does not pay the debt, he is placed at once in
close confinement. All that the bill proposed to
do in the matter was to modify the insolvent law,
so that the debtor could not be placed m close con-
finement pending an appeal, nor until one year
after the Supreme Court .'hall have rendered a final
judgment.
Mr. GRAHAM said, if the bi'l was passed, it
would make the insolvent laws the same as ihey
have been in North Carolina ever since the Revo-
lution.
There being no amendment proposed, the bill
was reported to the Senate, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the bill from the House
for the relief of James S. Calhoun was taken up,
as in committee of the whole, on an amendment
from the Committee on Clsitr.s. The amendment
having been agreed to, the bill was reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, with sundry amendments, the bill
from the House granting pensions to certain widows
of revolutionary soldiers. The amendments were
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, made adverse reports on the petition of the
widow of Joshua Raymond, a soldier of the Revo-
lution, and the petition of Joseph Thompson and
John Gould, for pensions; also, on the petitions of
Mary Spence and Philip King, and the resolutions
of the Legislature of Vermont in favor of the re-
vival of the law granting a pension to the widows
of revolutionary officers and soldiers who were
married prior to 1794.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Pri-
vale Land Claims, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the bill for the relief of Antoine Vasques and
others."
Also, reported back, and adversely to its passage,
House bill entitled "An act to confirm to Elizabeth
Burris, her heirs and assigns, their title to a tract ef
land."
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pensions,
made an adverse report on the petition of John
Bosworth for a pension; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. S., also, reported back from the same com-
mittee, without amendment, the bill for the relief
of Daniel Penhallow.
On the suggestion of Mr. KING, the Senate
proceeded to consider the several bills on the cal-
