CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
endar; when the following were taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, viz:
The bill for the relief of Richard Patton.
The bill to revive the act entitled "An act to en-
able claimants to land within the limits of Missouri
and the Territory of Arkansas, to institute pro-
ceeedins? to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the 26th of May, 1824; and the act amend-
ing the same, and extending the provisions of said
acts to claimants to land within the States of
Louisiana and Mississippi.
[Mr. SEVIER made some remarks in favor of
the above bill.]
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller.
The bill to repeal certain parts of the act en-
titled "An act respecting the organization of the
army, and for other purposes," approved the 23d
of August, 1842.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Har-
rison Young, and Benjamin Young.
[This bill was amended, on the suggestion of Mr.
BAGBY, so as to read for the heirs of Harrison
Young.]
The bill declaring Robbinston, in the State of
Maine, to be a port of delivery.
The bill to extend the Patent Office to Ninth street,
came np as in committee of tbe whole.
Mr. KING was opposed to the erection of any
new public buildings now.
Messrs. TAPPAN and KERR made some re-
marks on the necessity of continuing the construc-
tion of this building, to supply the wants of the
Patent department,
Mr. KERR made several propositions to amend,
which were agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed, as amended, for a third
reading.
The bill of the Senate authorizing a survey and
examination of the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee,
came up for consideration; but was, on the motion
of Mr. BAYARD, laid on the table,—a bill from
the House for the same purpose being on the cal-
endar.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with an amendment, and
with recommendation that it do pass, the bill tor
the protection of commerce on ihe Northwestern
lakes.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain towards the completion of works of
internal improvement in the Slate of Michigan,
and for other purposes, was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, on amendments of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, proposing to strike out the
3d and 4th ^sections giving 500,000 acres to pay
off the debts for the railroads and canals, and com-
pleting the iame.
The bill was then read.
Mr. KING inquired the length of the road and
canal along which the sections of land were to be
granted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said the canal was 200
miles in lengita, and the railroad 160 miles.
Mr. KING objected that heretofore no grants
had been made to Slates for similar purposes ex-
tending beyond two miles on each side of the roads
or canals belonging to the State; but this bill pro-
posed to give ten miles wide, for 360 miles in
length, to the State of Michigan. This would be a
precedent lor other States to make the like demands.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE referred to the report of
the Committee on the Public Lands as a justifica-
tion for the bill. The same principle of granting
alternate sections of land along the public woifc of
Ohio, Illinois,and Indiana, was that upon which this
bill was framed. He contended that the Uni'ed
States never lost a cent by these grants, because
the price of the reserved alternate sections was al-
ways doubled by tbe improvements made by the
States.
The bill was then reported to th  Senate, and
the amendments of the committee of the whole
were concurred in.
Mr. McROBERTS a*ked how much land was
granted to the State of Michigan by this bill?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE replied, one-half of each
five alternate sections of land along the works.
Mr. McROBERTS referred to the grants hith-
erto made to Ohio; and, taking it for granted that
the quantity donated by this bill would be found
considerably beyond the amount given to Ohio,
there was no other way of doing justice to all the
new States but to adopt some settled principle.
The donation now asked for Michigan would be
a partial one, if granted. He was in favor of giv-
ing Michigan as much land as Ohio, but not
more. Michigan, by this bill, would get a mil-
lion of acres of land, while Arkansas gets none
at all.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana maintained that the
grant thus made to Michigan would be no loss
whatever to the United States, as the General Gov-
ernment would receive just as much money for
the alternate sections reserved, as for the whole if
no improvements were made.
Mr. WALKER did not object to the grant ®f
lands to the State of Michigan; but was utterly op-
posed to any such principle as that of granting
lands, as the 3d and 4th sections had proposed, to
the payment of the debts of the States. Since
these two sections had been stricken out, he would
now vote for the bill.
Mr. HUNTINGTON considered this bill an act
of justice due to the State of Michigan, as well as
the United States. He, therefore, hoped it would
receive the sanction of the Senate.
Mr. GRAHAM asked whether the land granted
was ten miles wide.
Mr. KING explained that the grant was five
mile1; wide on each side of the works and alternate
sections.
Mr. WRIGHT asked whether Ihe bill referred
to lands belonging to the United States only.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana explained, that where
the land bad been previously sold, other lands
would be selected.
Mr. WRIGHT observed, that where alternate
sections are already sold, the consideration of the
increased price cannot be real>z;d by the Govern-
ment. He hoped, therefore, the grant would ex-
tend only to unsold lands.
Mr. ALLEN suggested that the amendment
should l e made to avoid that predicament; be-
cause it would otherwise be a grant to carry on
these public woiks at the expense of the public
treasury.
Mr. BERRIEN agreed that there was a diffi-
culty, and suggested the propriety of passing over
the bill informally, with a view of giving time for
the friends of the bill to remove the objections.
The bill was accordingly passed over inform-
ally.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported a bill for the relief of John Grant;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
PUBLICATION OP THE DEBATES IN CON-
GRESS.
The Senate bill, No. 128, entitled "A bill for the
publieatinn of the debates and proceedings of Con-
gress, in a continued series, and to authorize one or
more contracts fur that purpose," being called up,
on the motion of Mr. BAYARD, at whose instance
it had been ia:d on the table on Saturday—
Mr. WRIGHT objected, that, as tbe bill would
necessarily induce debate, it would have the effect
of obstructing all other bills on the calendar enti-
tled to immediate action.
Mr. KING suggested the propriety of letting it
lie over, if it was intended to pass any of the bills
on the calendar, as serious objections entertained
against this measure would necessarily lead to a
protracted discussion.
Mr. BAYARD remarked, that the bill having
been laid on the table on Saturday, upon his mo-
tion, he thought it incumbent rn him to make the
motion now to take it up.
Mr. KING moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SEVIER requested the Senator would sus-
pend his motion for a moment.
Mr. KING having absented,
Mr, SEVIER made a short explanation in refer-
ence to an impression he had, regarding the party
character of the Register of Debates, published
by Gales & Seaton; which he had been since as-
sured by those gentlemen was a misconception on
his part.
Mr. BENTON, as an instance that the Register
of Debates contained but a one-sided report of
congressional proceedings, referred to the lengthy
discussions on the subject of the Bank of the Uni-
ted States, in which all the speeches in favor of
the bank are given in full, and those in opposition
cut short, or suppressed. He particularly pointed
out one speech he had made himself, on which he
had bestowed great labor and research, and which
it took him two full hours to deliver, that Messrs.
Gales & Seaton, in their publication of the pro-
ceedings in Congress, paid for by the Government
as an impartial view of the debates, cut off to half
a finger's length; and by which he (Mr. B.) was
represented as if he had only spoken two minutes,
instead of two hours, and then broken down; for
the conclusion of the paragraph is, that he (Mr.
B.) "gave way." [Much laughter.]
Mr. WALKER also opposed any proceedings
on this bill, necessarily involving the complete ob-
struction of bills on the calendar, upon which so
many public and private interests were dependent.
He thought it would be much better for the Sena-
tor from Delaware to consent to lay this bill on the
table; and if this proposition were changed to a mo-
tion to take up his resolution fcr the employment
of a corps of reporters, he would feel dispoied to
give him his support.
Mr. BAYARD, in substanee, remarked that the
resolution alluded to by the Senator from Missis-
sippi would not reach to the object contemplated
by this bill, which is retrospective, and proposes
the collection and publication of the debates in
Congress from the year 1789 to the end of this
session; whereas the resolution with regard to em-
ploying a corps of reporters, is prospective, and
looks to the correct and faithful publications of the
proceedings in Congress hereafter.
With regard to the prospective measure con-
templated by the resolution to which the Senator
had alluded, all lie had to say was, that, whenever
it should be deemed expedient to take it up, he
would be in favor of any efficient practical mode
of attaining the object in view. That some such
arrangement tor insuring a full, fair, and impar-
tial record of proceedings was indispensably ne-
cessary, must be manifest to everyone who wit-
nessed the debates in the Senate on all political
subjects involving the opinions of the two great
parties into which the country was divided. It
was very well known that, in general, very full
reports of the proceedings in the Senate were pub-
lished in the Globe daily; and, upon ordinary sub-
jects, not partaking of a political complexion, very
fair and impartial reports they were. But the
moment any subject of a party character was to
be reported, there was an obvious deviation from
this line of impartiality. Then, from some cause
or other—it may be, not from any disposition of
the reporters actually to do injustice, but as a ne-
cessary result of having to prepare their matter for
a paper taking a very decided part in politics,—
they feem to be, to say the least of it, eareless how
they represent the opinions of the party opposed
to their friends, and take especial care to devote
all tbpir attention to the side which expresses sen-
timents most analogous to those of the readers of
their paper. As an instance, he would refer to the
late debate on General Jackson's fine, in which his
own remarks were represented as the most wishy-
washy affair imaginable. He did not complain of
this-; for it was an inevitable consequence of leav-
ing the matter without any control, entirely de-
pendent upon the private enterprise of party pa-
pers. Nor should it be understood that he ques-
tioned tbe ability of the Globe reporters to make
proper reports; for he had already admitted that,
upon general subjects, the reports were exceed-
ingly good. He would even do them the justice
to say that, in the running proceedings, not having
any bearing on party predilections, the reports were
-ad mirable.
Mr. BUCHANAN renewed the motion of the
Senator from Alabama [Mr. Kmc] to lay the bill
upon the table, and on this motion he called for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the motion to
