m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wh^n ia order, an amendment would be made to
strike from the bill the names of Messrs. Blair &
Rives.
The question was then taken on Mr. Alleh's
notion to postpone the bill indefinitely, and result-
ed in the negative—yeas 21, nays 22, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
cox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Youne—21.
NAY**—Messrs. Archer, Batrow, Bates, Bayard. Berrien,
Choate, Crittenden, Dayton. Evans, Graham, Henderson,
Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Por-
ter, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge
—22.
Mr BUCHANAN would have been very glad,
if, before this bill had been pressed upon the Sen-
ate, some report had been prepared, affording some
information as to what this measure was to cost.
He would tell the Senator from Souih Carolina
what all this meant. It meant to give the two
party papers of this city a good fat job, out of
which they could clear $100,000 each; and also to
give members of Congress $500 apiece, in the
shape of books. That was the foundation upon
which the whole thing was to rest.
The question at last resolved itself into thin
Were Senators prepared, within five days of the
close of the present Congress, to vote $100,000 to
each of their party editors, §500 apiece to them-
selves, and to burden the treasury wiih a further
debt of half a million of dollars? Mr. B. proceed-
ed to comment at large upon the namre of the
proposition, the details of the bill, and the conse-
quences of not having yielded to the motion to
postpone.
Mr. McROBERTS moved to recommit the bill,
■with instructions to submit a report, shewing what
number of volumes of the Register of Debates are
already published, and for what )ears; and what
number of volumes will be required :o complete
the work, together with the probable expense.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said this amendment
would fall short of the object proposed by ihe Sena-
tor from Illinois. The committee had no means of
estimating the number of volumes which Ihe work
Would require, and, consequently, the exact ex-
pense. The committee had done all that was in
lis power to do, by stip dating that, wherever possi-
ble, the work should b* confined 'o one volume for
each session, and each volume .should contain 700
pages. He also stated ihr impression of ihe com-
mittee as to the necessity of the measure.
Mr. McROBERTS pointed out that portion of
Ihe first section of the bill in which the committee
could make the amendment he desired. He was
quite satisfied, that if the bill were rccommiifed, the
Committee on '.he Library could obtain full infor-
mation for the report required, by making the in-
quiry of Blair & Rives.
Mr. McDUFFIE was quite suie that no Senator
could be more willing than he was lo approve of a
proposition to collcct and publish all valuable de-
bates in Congress, from the foundation of the
Government, in a proper form, propeily selected,
and brought forward at a propsr time. If a judi-
cious selection of such debate.- weic properly made,
it would, he conceded, be most valuable. But he
was opposed to the indiscriminate republication of
everything reported; for thst would involve the ac-
cumulation of such a q lpmity of tra b, that he
doubted if be would pay the cosl of transporting one
hundred volumes of it to bis ri-s.f'ence.
Mr. ARCHER remarked, mat ihe gentlemen on
the other side had misapprehended ihe course pur-
sued by the gentlemen on his side. This was the
last day of the session, but one, on which Senale
hills could be sent to the other House. They had,
therefore, abslained from debate, not because they
could not justify the bill, but because ihey were un-
willing either to spend time therm-elves, or to induce
others to spend it. Gales & Seaton had been se-
lected as contractors, bccau&e they alone possessed
the necessary materials for compiling the work re-
quired. And as to expense, he considered the fears
of the gentleman had greatly exaggerated all prob-
ability. If he could have been brought to view the
matter in the light in which ihey viewed it, he
would hesi'aie; but he had no such apprehensions,
{for wenid the cost, even at a reduced amount,
become a charge on the treasury all at once. The
publication would naturally extend through a num-
ber of years; and the probability was, that there
would be little or no[expenditure this year.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mc-
Robert's amendment, and decided in the neg-
ative—yeas 22, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Cuthbert, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Rives,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut. Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Wilcox. Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Conrad, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Hunt-
ington, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—23.
Mr. HENDERSON suggested that a satisfac-
tory limitation to the expense might be effected by
striking out that portion of the bill providing for
the purchase of the debates from 1824 to 1837,
of which copies are already extant; and limiting
the number of volumes to be published from 1789
to 1824, to twelve volumes; and those from 1837 to
the end of this session, to seven volumes.
Mr. KING was quite certain that Senators on
both sides were unprepared to give this measure
that deliberation which it required. If brought
forward at a proper time, some plan might be ma-
tured by which a competent person could be em-
ployed, in whom both parties would have confi-
dence, to piepare a proper digest, which would be
intrinsically more valuable than the work now pro-
posed to be published—at a cost of three or four
hundred thousand dollars, at the very least.
Mr. HENDERSON, with a view of carrying
out his suggestion, pointed out those parts of the
bill which might be so altsred as to insure his ob-
ject of bringing ihe exprn*" below $100,000.
Mr. WRIGHT made an explication, correcting
some misconceptions he had of the provisions of
the bill when he spoke before He had since ex-
amined it more attentively, and he found it even
more excepiionabie than he had supposed. He
found that the publication required of Gales &
Seaton, from 1789 to 1S24, was io be "such as in
the series already published;" that is, thfir Regis-
ter of Debates, the impartiality of which he and
the Sennior from Missouri [Mr. Benton] had al-
ready pointed out. Such faithful and impartial
collections of debates he di I not want to see paid
for and authenticaled by the General Government
again.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE explained the views of
the Committee on the Library, which had satisfied
them that no oiher persons were possessed of the
same valuable and necessary materials for the
work, and that none could accomplish it so well.
The question next in order was an amendment
moved by Mr. Tappan, to strike out Gales &
Seaton and Blair & Rives, leaving the matter open
to competition, by advertisement and proposals, on
which the yeas and nays were called for, and or-
dered.
Mr. TAPFAN ?aid his object in submitting the
amendment was, to free the bill from all ap-
pearances or tendencies of a partisan character.
If Gales & Seat' i; had ihe or.ly materials for the
publication, ihey could of course make ihe most
advantageous pioposals. But he felt satisfied there
was as good a collection of materials in ihe Library
of Congress, ps any Gales & Seaton could possibly
possess.
Mr. WOODBURY asked how many volumes
alrepdy purcln-ed ano published were ou hand.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE sa.d, in part, Congress
had been supplied; and with regard to those on
hand, this bill slid not apply.
Mr. WOODBURY said there was the more
reason for recommitting the bill. It was a prop-
osition to publish and purchase. Why purchase,
if there are volumes on hand? He would tell the
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer] that there
are seven volumes by Blair & Rives, and thirteen
by Gales & Season, on the hands of the publishers—
which, at $5, are to cost $100,0!l0; and that will
be a charge directly on the treasury. One import-
ant effect of advertising for proposals to contract
for the publication, would be, that, instead of hav-
ing to pay $5 per volume, the Government would
not pay more than $2 50.
Mr. BUCHANAN remarked, that, according to
the computation of the Senator from New York,
there would be $150,000 to be paid to Gales &
Seaton, and $50,000 to Blair & Rives, on the 4th
of March, for those portions of the publications re-
quired by this bill, which those gentlemen have on
hand ready for delivery. For, if each of these
proprietors have 1,000 copies of the printed works
on band, they can be delivered on that day, and
both together get checks on the treasury amount-
ing to $200,000.
Mr. ALLEN said he found, on examination,
that the debates, during the first session in which
he had been in Congress formed four volumes of
the standard size required by the bill; therefore, he
took it for granted that be might assume, as a fair
average for the whole term from 1789 to the pres-
ent time, two volumes per session—not taking
account of extra sessions; so that, the period being
54 years, 108 volumes would be required; which,
at $5 each, would make, for 1,000 copies, $540,-
000.
This, then, was the new burden to be put upon
an exhausted treasury; and for what? To enrich
a couple of editors of partisan newspapers—the
most monstrous proposition ever heard of under
any Government. And this proposition comes
from those who prate so much about retrench-
ment! But he saw, when the matter was placed in
its true light, an evident shrinking—the gentlemen
wcie not prepared to stand up to it. And he could
tell them that, if their bitterest enemy were anx-
ious to stimulate them to rush heedlong upon their
own destruction, a rat.re effectual mode of doing it
could not be effected than to urge them to pass
this bill. But he and his friends had a higher duty
to perform than that of letting the opposite party
ruin itself; they had to do their duty to the coun-
try, and save it from the infliction of such a mon-
strous outrage.
Mr. WALKER, from the beginning, saw that
tie editor of the Globe had nothing to do with the
iniroduction of his name into this bill. His de-
nunciation of such use of his name was no more
than he anticipated. The Globe never had been a
participator in these book jobs. But he would be
glad to know how much had been paid to Gales
& Seaton on such jobs. He would venture to
say that not less than from one to two hundred
thousand dollars of the public money bad been thus
disposed of, for the promotion of party purposes.
He hoped that, by this time, the friends of this
bill had seen enough to convince themselves that
it could not be passed. After so many hours of
vainly attempting it, it was surely time for them to
abandon iheir purpcte.
Mr. WOODBURY adverted to the. fact that the
statutes of New Hampshire were published in the
best style—each volume containing 800 pages—at
$ 1 75 per volume. Gentlemen did not seem to be
aware of the magnitude of the undertaking. They
were about contracting for 100,000 volumes.—equal
to the largest of the public libraries.
The question was then taken on Mr. Tappan's
amendment, to leave the publication open to com-
petition, and resulted in the negative—yeas 20,
nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Bentoo, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbeit, Fulton, King, McDuffie, McRoberts, Rives, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Surgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Woodbury, Wright, andYoung--20,
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Ddymn, Evans. Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr,
Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Woodbridge—22.
Mr. HENDERSON then moved the several
amendments he had proposed, by which the num-
ber of volumes from 178'.) to 1824 would be limit-
ed to twelve; snd the debates already published in
the Register of Debases, from 1824 to 1837, would
be left i ut; ihe number of volumes from 1837 to
1844 being limited to seven.
These amendments, and all alterations of the
bill requisite in consequence of them, were adopted,
without any division on the question.
By one of these amendments, the Congressional
Globe and Appendix, and ihe names of Blair &
Rives, were stricken ont of the bill.
Mr. KING moved to strike out the words, "and
purchase;" which was agreed to.
Mr. McROBERTS moved to strike out "1,000
copies," and insett "300 copies;" and on this xnO'
