358
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
could hold out a couple of days and nights, with-
out sleeping or eating, to effectso much good. His
friends had been now nine hours battling the mon-
ster, and he would try his hand for nine hours
more. The Senator from Kentucky had made a
very accurate calculation the other day, that 40 or
50 bills might have been passed in the two hours
which had been devoted to Sir Robert Peel's con-
struction of the treaty; and, by the same rule, the
nine hours lost in persevering with this bill, might
have enabled the Senate to pass 300 bills awaiting
the action of Congress. All this was to fasten on
the treasury this great printing job for a partisan
press.
The question was then taken on the motion to
substitute 150 for 1,000, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 17, nays 20, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tap-
pan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson, Huntington,
Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—20.
Mr WALKER moved to lay the the bill upon
the table; and, on this motion, called for the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on his motion, and
decided in the negative—yeas 16,;nays 21, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton,
King, McRoherts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
—16.
NAQ.S—Messrs. Archer, Bairow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton,
Conrad, Crittenden,Dayton, Evans, Graham, Henderson,Hunt-
ington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Smith of
Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—21.
Mr. BENTON next moved to strike out 1,000,
and insert 200; and on this he called for (he yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on the amendment,
and resulted in the negative—yeas 16, nays 18, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton,
King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—
16.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Clayton, Conrad,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Giahani, Huntington, Kerr, Man-
gum, Morehead, Porter, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, .Tall-
madge, and Woodbridge—18.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to strike out 1,000, and
insert 950.
Mr. KING could see no reason why either 1,000
or 950 copies should be specified. It was perfectly
clear that the object was to subscribe for that num-
ber of copies not wanted, merely to put that much
money in the pockets of the contractors. He had
been present at the conclusion of many sessions,
but had never seen anything so exceptionable as
this. The books were not wanted—certainly not
to the extent of even 950. The Senator is very adroit,
but he cannot escape. [Mr. Benton: he can't escape.]
He had been desirous of divesting the bill of itsparti-
san character, but the proportion was rejected. He
believed the people would cry out shame, as a
Senator from New Jersey, the otherday, on another
subject, applied to the Senators on this side.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut observed, that bad
the people of this country not been exceedingly
credulous, the Whig party would not have had the
opportunity this day to draw from the treasury
half a million of dollars, to be given to their
political friends; but what he rose for was, to ad-
jure the Satiate to turn their attention to the private
bills for the relief of destitute and deserving claim-
ants.
Mr. BENTON had listened with pleasure to the
appeal of the Senator from Alabama, upon gentle-
men on the other side to give the data upon which
they claimed 1,000 or 950
In the Arabian Nights Entertainments there were
1,001 stories; but no reason was rendered for that
particular number, neither could gentlemen give
a reason. He professed to be a reasonable man,
and he wanted the reason in this case. As the
proposition now stood, there was not the semblance
of a reason why the number shoald be 950. The
British Parliament introduced a sliding scale of
duties—perhaps the Senator from Georgia would
consent to a sliding vote upon this question.
Mr. BERRIEN stated that his object was to
counteract a purpose that was avowed for delay.
The Senator from Missouri had given notice that
he would begin with 150; and, that failing, would
rise progressively 50 at a time; and, therefore, he
(Mr. B.) proposed a motion to substitute 950. He
proceeded to argue that it was the opposite side
which was obstructing the public business.
Mr. ALLEN complimented the Senator from
Georgia upon the fair, frank, and manly manner
in which he had placed the issue of responsibility.
The question then was, How came this bill up?
It was by the vote of a majority in this body—out
of its order en the calendar—and by a motion to
lay aside all previous orders to give it a preference.
The Senate was asked to swallow this bill with all
its enormities. But it should be resisted by motion
after motion till twelve o'clock at night on the 3d of
March. And one motion he would make would be
to lay it on the table, with a view of taking up the
retrencbment bill; and then, if gentlemen voted
down that motion, let both parties go before the
country with those two bills in their hands. And
all the real necessity of this bill was to give a party
printer an enormous job. The Senator said a good
deal about the rights of the majority. All this
was every geod; but the majority had no right to
disfranchise the minority.
Mr. WALKER called the attention of the Sen-
ate to the calendar of 13th February, to show that
this bill was not reported to the Senate on that day.
He asked, when was it reported to the Senate?
The CHAIR answered, on the 16th of Feb-
ruary.
Mr. WALKER, in continuation, said the num-
ber of the bill was 128; and he found only five
other bills of later numbers. How, then, did it
happen that this bill should be taken up in prefer-
ence to any previous bills on the calendar? Was
it for a public necessity, or a private necessity?
Was the emergency that of the country, or that of
an individual? It was one of a grossly partisan
character.
This was a question on which he was ready to
go before the country, and vindicate the stand the
Democracy had made. If this bill had been
reached in its regular order, there might have been
some little pretext for maintaining its place. Would
any Senator deny that there were many bills on
the calendar of vastly more interest than this bill
to provide for a partisan printer?
Mr WOODBURY asked, when had this subject
been introduced, and how}
The CHAIR said, by resolution, on the 15th of
February.
Mr. WOODBURY then asked what publie in-
terest required that all other business should be sac-
rificed for this bill.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut pointed to the im-
propriety of the course now pursued by the friends
of this bill, as the strongest proof that it was they
who should bear the responsibility of the obstruc-
tion which this discussion had occasioned, He
moved to postpone the bill, with a view of taking
up the pension bill for the relief of the widows of
the soldiers of the Revolution.
The motion was negatived.
The question then recurred on Mr. Berrien's
motion to substitute 950 for 1,000.
Mr. BAGBY characterized the course pursued
by the majority on this bill as the most extraordi-
nary that he had ever witnessed on this floor. In
all measures, two questions were to be considered:
first, whether a proposition was necessary; and,
next, whether there were means to carry it out.
Here was a case wholly destitute of those reqai-
sites.
This bill ought to be called a bill for the relief of
certain partisan editors; and, in justification of that
title, gentlemen had refused to insert an amend-
ment that this work should be confided to a "suit-
able person."
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut moved to postpone
the bill till Wednesday, in order to take up the bill
tor the relief of the widows of revolutionary sol-
diers.
Mr. MOREHEAD asked whether the National
Intelligeneer was not the organ of the administra-
tions of Mr. Jefferson, Mr. Madison, and Mr.
Monroe?
Mr. BAGBY said he believed that, as long as
the editors could make money out of the adminis-
trations alluded to, they were; but, the moment
they found they ould make more by the opposite
party, they went over to it, and have so continued
ever since.
Mr. MOREHEAD said he understood they were
the organs—and the confidential organs—of the ad-
ministration during the war; and that they stood
by Mr. Madison on the bank question.
Mr. BAGBY asked this question: If the Senate
was prepared to confide the history of Jefferson,
Madison, Monroe, and Washington, to persons who
had shown themselves opposed to the principles of
these great men? Would it be proper to confide
the parliamentary and constitutional history of the
country to the opponents of the principles of Jef-
ferson, Madison, Monroe, and Washington? He
would not go to a prejudiced jury, nor to a preju-
diced author, for an impartial verdict or a history.
He wanted the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth. He did not ask for a Democratic
author to compile such a work, and God forbid he
should ask for a Whig author.
Mr. WRIGHT rose to say a few words in ref-
erence to a collateral issue made by the Senator
from Georgia. It was, as to who and what party
should bear the responsibility of delaying the pub-
lic business. Gentlemen had talked of the rights
of the majority; and he had also a few words to
say in favor of the rights of the minority. That
minority has a constituency at home, whose inter-
ests it is their duty to take care of. Now, by the
vigorous resistance made by the minority to-day,
the constituency of all had been saved $200,000.
That was not a bad day's work. It was worth
contending for. It is pressed as the most import-
ant bill on the calendar. Was not the minority
entitled to form its own opinion on that point?
There are but five bills on the calendar later than
this. The present bill is 128. Of the other five,
two have been passed. A third is a private bill;
and the last is a proposition to give lands to the
States for the deaf, dumb, and blind. And now,
because a bill, which is narrowed down to a profit-
able job to partisan printers, is opposed, the minor-
ity is to be chargeable with obstructing the public
business, by resisting it! This was an issue upon
which he was perfectly ready and willing to go be-
fore the country.
Mr. HENDERSON said, if he could have fore-
seen what the minority now considered their duty
and their right, he should have had no part ia
bringing forward this bill. It has become simply
a question whether the majority can pass a bill.
Are they to yield up their judgment, and become
as if they were the minority? Could he have fore-
seen this delay of the public business on the
calendar, he would much sooner have foregone the
bill; but, when it now assumes the position, wheth-
er the majority is to surrender up its rights, he
could not entertain the idea of making any sacri-
fice.
Mr. BAGBY moved an adjournment; on which
motion he called for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered.
The Senate refused to adjourn—yeas 16, nays
18, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun.
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Wal-
ker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangnm, Miller,
Morehead, Porter, Simmons, ejrmth of Indiana, Tallmadse.
and Woodbridge—18.
The pending question was to postpone this bill
till Wednesday, for the purpose of taking up the
bill for extending ihe five year pension law for the
widows of the revolutionary soldiers.
Mr. BUCHANAN stated that, upon every prin-
ciple of duty and feeling, he felt bound to vote for
this postponement, that the bill for the relief of the
widows of the revolutionary soldiers might be
taken up.
The question was then taken on the motion to
postpone till Wednesday, and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 16, nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Fulton, King, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Wal-
ker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Crittenden, Dayton,
