CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
359
Evani, Graham, Henderson, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead,
Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, and Wood-
bridge—17.
Mr. SEVIER said he had hiiherto abstained
from taking part in the debate; and it was not his
purpose now to consume much time, but merely to
mark, as it was his habit to do, everything which
occurred in the natare of a pariy movement. About
this time two years ago, the Senate was engaged,
according to its usual practice, in electing a printer;
and the minority on that occasion being the party
which now forms the majority, didnot think it unbe-
coming to contendjuntil a very iate hour, and then,
finding that their opposition was likely to be unsuc-
cessful, to leave the Senate without a quorum. And
he could mention some other instances where an ex-
ample had been set by gentlemen opposite, (then in
a minority,) which, if followed bow, would ena-
ble the minority to contend successfully. He
perceived, however, that his friends opposite had
changed their views, and were now of the belief that
it was the duty of tha minority not only to stand
their ground, but to submit to the will of the
majority without resistance.
Yes, you cut and ran, but we have not followed
your illustrious example; and, betides, we might,
by following your example in another instance,
save ourselves the trouble of offering resistance
now. A contract was made, and bonds entered
mto with a public printer; and yet you did not
scruple to break that contract, and give the print-
ing to another; and now, when, according to the
coarse of human events, you find your power
almost at an end—when you find yourselves on
your death-bed—when yoa are about 'breathinsr
your la*t—already enveloped m your shrouds—I
will not say, as was said by the former distinguish-
ed Senator from Kentucky, in reference to his
political opponents—that you are about to enter
the cart with ropes about your necks—you ars dis-
posed to bequeath a sort of legacy to these same
printers, for whose benefit you broke the contract wiih
Blair & Rives; and I confess they richly deserve such
a bequest at your hands, for they have managed
your cause with ability; they have given you power
and responsibility for a time; they have made you
what you are; and you would be an ungrateful set
of fellows if you re) used to reward them. Iam
surprised that you gave up the §200,000, and
agreed to make the donation only $60,000. I
weuld have gone to the whole extent, and not abated
a dollar. Now, notwithstanding she notable exam-
ples you have set us, we do not intend to run away;
we will sit ia our places until the hand of the clock
points to the hour of twelve; and we shall be suffi-
ciently rewarded lor holding out a few hours longer,
if we shall succecd in preventing this job by (which
you would be the better enabled to carry on the
war against us) from being effected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN entertained a sincere re-
gard for the Senator who had just sdt down, and,
knowing it was contrary to his usual habit, he
felt at a loss to know why he had indulged in that
course of personal asperity, calculated to effect
nothing but angry feelings. What argument was
there in such taunts as, "you are on the last
gasp"—"going to your death"—and the Senator
could hardly forbear saying, "like criminals in
carts with ropes about your necks."
Mr. SEVIER interposed to state that what he
had said was, that he would not apply to the Whigs
the epithets of Mr. Clay to the Democratic party
when going out of power, that they were like crim-
inals going to their deaths wiih ropes about their
necks.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, was it magnani-
mous to make even this allusion to a great man,
now in private life, who had once been the grace
and ornament of this hall.
Mr. SEVIER disclaimed any unparliamentary
use of that Senator's language.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not really know upon
what grounds gentlemen assumed the despotic
taunts which they were so liberal in throwing out
against the party now in power. He raiher
thought they would find their anticipations ground-
less.
As to the course pursued by his friends when m
the minority, he would ask. Was it not better to
quit the hall, than to try to defeat the will of the
majority by mere brute rorce?
Since it had come to a mere question of physical
endurance, and the gentlemen opposite had fully
proved their capacity for defeating the rights of the
majority, he would, to put an end to such a con-
test, move to go into executive session.
Mr.TALLMADGE hoped no:: his motto was—
"Never say die."
The yeas and nays were then called for and or-
dered on the motion to go into executive session;
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 18,
riays 15, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Baghy, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Crittenden, Fulton, Graham, Kin§, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury,
Wright, and Young—18.
NaYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Dayton, Evana,
Henderson, Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Porter, Sim-
mons, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—15.
So the Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and, having spent a short time
therein, at 10 o'clock, p. m., adjourned—having
been 12 hours in session, without intermission.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 27, 1843.
Mr. A. MARSHALL presented the petition of
Albert Reed, and seventy seven others, citizens of
Lincolnville, Maine, praying for an increase of
duties on lumber and fish.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of John
Balch, jun., and forty-nine other citizens of Pres-
cott, Maine, praying Congress for an additional
duty on sawed lumber, spars, piles, wood, bark,
&c., iiem the British Provinces; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HASTINGS presented the memorial of
37 farmers of Carroll county, Ohio, asking Con-
gress to equalize the tariff, and in just reference to
their staples of wool and hides.
Also, the memorial of 18 farmers of Columbiana
county, Ohio, on the same subject.
Mr. H.DODGE presented the petition of Samuel
Lane, of Milwaubie county, Territory of Wiscon-
sin, asking Congress to refund to him a certain
amount of money overpaid by him in the pur-
chase of a tract of land in the Milwaukie land dis-
trict.
Also, a petition from the town of Racine, Racinc
county, Territory of Wisconsin, asking Congress
that a tri-weekly mail may be established from Ra-
cine to East Troy, m the county of Walworth, by
the way of the town of Rochester.
Mr. BOYD presented the memorial of Dr. John
B. Hubbard, and 43 other citizens of Mills's Point,
Kentucky, in favor of relieving A. Kendal! from
all liability on account of a judgment obtained by
Stockton and Stokes against said Kendall, for cer-
tain acts of his as Postmaster General: referred to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TILLINGHAST a^ked leave to present a
resolution from the Committee on the Library, au-
thoriz'ng the purchase of so many sets of the laws
of the United States, not exceeding eighty, as may
be necessary to replace those which have been lost,
provided that the same can be purchased at a cost
not exceeding five dollars a volume.
Objected to, and not received.
Mr. BRIGGS called up his motion, made some
days since, to print 2,500 extra copies of the report
of the Committee on the Post Office Department,
and called for the previous question on the motion.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON desired, before the
House voted, to see the papers which it was pro-
posed to print.
The SPEAKER said they were not in the
House, having been sent to the printer, on the
order to print the ordinary number of copies.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked if he was not en-
titled to have the papers read, about which be was
called to vote.
The SPEAKER said they could not be read,
because they had gone to the printers.
The previous question having been seconded,
and the main question ordered,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the whole
subject on the iable; which motion was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 85.
The motion to print was then agreed to.
Some conversation then ensued between Messrs.
HOPKINS, A. V. BROWN, and the SPEAKER,
on the vote by which the bill of Mr. J. Campbell,
to suspend the districting section of the apportion-
ment bill, was lost a few days ago, and to which
Mr. Campbell called the attention of the House
on Saturday. It was not understood to lead to
anv action of the House.
On motion of Mr. GENTRY, the following bill
was taken up, read a third time, and passed:
An act to perfect the rules to lands south of the
Arkansas river, held under New Madrid locations,
and pre-emption rights, under the act of 1814.
Mr. WISE presented a communication from
Lieutenant Hunter, of the United States navy, itt
relation to his submerged propellers; which was
ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, a resolution
was agreed to, authorizing the Clerk of the House
to continue the employment of Simon Brown, a.
messenger in his department, during the recess;
his services being necessary, there being many
thousand volumes of books to be despatched to the
members of the present Congress.
Mr. TOLAND submitted a resolution to author-
ize the Select Committee on the case of Mr. Jona-
than Roberts, the recently removed collector of
Philadelphia, to sit faring the sessions of the
House.
Mr. W. W. IRWIN objected.
Mr. TOLAND moved a suspension of the rules;
but the motion was not agreed to, (83 voting in the
affirmative, and 65 in the negative,) the majority
being less than two-thirds.
The House having resolved to terminate the de-
bate on the civil and" diplomatic appropriation bill
at 3 o'clock to-day—
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the House resolve
itself into a Committee cf the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. YORECE wished to offer a resolution of in-
quiry.
Objection was made.
Mr. ADAMS also desired to offer a resolution.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON wished to make a report from
a standing committee.
Objection was made.
The question was taken on going into committee,
and decided in the affirmative—ayes 102, noes not
counted.
Before the Speaker left the chair,
Mr. ADAMS rose, and asked leave, by general
consent, to offer a resolution providing that, when-
ever a vacancy shall occur on the bench of the Su-
preme Court, the vacancy shall be supplied by the
appointment of a citizen from one of the r on-slave-
holding States; and all succeeding vacancies that
may happen shall be supplied in like manner, until
four-fifths of the judges shall be citizens of the non-
slaveholding States; and concluding with a resolu-
tion directing the Committee on the Judiciary to
bring in a bill forthwith to carry the above pro-
visions into effect.
Mr. BOYD and others objected to the reception
of the resolution.
Mr. ADAMS asked for the yeas and nays on its
adoption.
The SPEAKER said they could only be taken
by general consent.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Fes-
senden in the chair,) and took up the bill making
appropriations for the civil ;;nd diplomatic service
of the Government for the fiscal year ending June
30th, 1844
The pending question was upon the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
C. Brows] to the proposed amendment of the
Select Committee, to the item for the "survey of the
United S'ates, including compensation of superin-
tendent and assistants, one hundred thousand dol-
lars;" which amendment provides that hereafter the
superintendence of the coast survey shall be placed
in the hands of the Navy Department, and con-
ducted by navy officers; and that the appropriation
shall be {40,000, instead of $100,000.
