362
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
despatch to Mr. Fox. I bad cherished (he hope
that all possibility of misunderstanding as to the
true construction of the 8ih article of the treaty
lately concluded between Great Britain and the
United States, was precluded by the plain and well-
weighed language in which it is expressed- The
desire of both Governments is to put an end,
as speedily as possible, to the slave-trade; and
that desire, I need scarcely add, is as strongly
and as sincerely felt by the United Stales as
it can be by Great Britain. Yet it must not
be forgotten that the trade, though now uni-
versally reprobated, was, up to a late period,
prosecuted by all who chose to engage in it;
and there were unfortunately but very lew Chris-
tian powers whose subjects were Bet permitted, and
even encouraged, to share m the profits of what
was regarded as a perfectly l<gitimate commerce.
It originated at a period long before the Untied
States had become independent and was carried
on within our borders, in opposition to the most
earnest remonstrances and expostulations of some
of ihe colonies in which it was most actively prose-
cuted. Those engaged in it were as little liable to
inquiry or interruption as any oihers. lis charac-
ter, thus fixed by common copsent and general
practice, could only be changed by the positive as-
sent of each and every nation, expressed either in
the form of municipal law ui conventional ar-
rangement. The Uniied Stales led the way in ef-
forts to suppress it. They claimed no rght to dic-
tate to oihers, but they resolved, without waiting
for the co-operation ot other powers, to prohibit it
to their own citizens, and to visit ils perpetration
by them with condign punishment. 1 may salely
affirm that it never occurred 10 this Government
that any new maritime right acciued lo it from the
position it had thus assumed in rogaid to the
slave-trade. If, belore oar laws for its suppre..-
sion, the flag of every i.alinn might tiaverie the
ocean unquestioned by our cruisers, ihis freedom
was not, in our opinion, in the least abridged by
our municipal legislation.
Any other doctrine, it is plain, would t-ubject to
an arbitrary and ever-varying system of maiitime
police, adopted at will by the great naval power
for the lime being, the Hade of the world in any
places or in any article.; which .such power might
see fit to prohibit lo its own subjects or citizens. A
principle ol this kind could :-carcely be acknowl-
edged, without subjecting commerce lo the risk of
constant and harassing vexations.
The attempt to justify Htch a pretension from
the tight to visit and detain ships upon reasonable
suspicion of piracy, would deservedly be exposed
to univeisal condemnation; since it would be an at-
tempt to convert an established rule ot maritime
law, incorporated as a principle into the interna-
tional code by the consent of all nations, into a
rule and principle adopted by a single nation, and
enforced only by its assumed authoiity. To seize
and detain a ship upon .uspicion of piracy, with
probable cause and in good faith, affords no just
ground either for complaint on the pari of the na-
tion whose flag she bears, orclaim of indemnity on
the part of the owner. The universal law sanc-
tions, and (he common good requires, .he exigence
of such a rule. Ihe right, under such circum-
stances, not only to vWl and detain, but to search
a ship, is a perfect right, and involves neither re-
sponsibility nor indemnify. But, with this single
exception, no nation has, in time of peace, any au-
thority to detain the ships of another upon the high
seas, on any pretext whatever, beyond the limits of
the territorial jurisdiction. And sue*!, I am happy
to find, is substantially the doctrine of Great Brit-
ain herself, in her most recent official declarations,
and even in those now communicated to the House.
These declarations may well lead us to doubt
whether the apparent difference between the two
Governments is not rather one of definition than of
principle. Not only is the right of search, proper-
ly so called, disclaimed by Great Britain; but even
that of mere visit and inquiry is asserted with qual-
ifications inconsistent wdh the idea of a perfect
right.
In the despatch of Lord Aberdeen to Mr. Eve-
rett, of the 20th of December, 1841, as also in that
just received by the British minister in this coun-
try, made to Mr. Pox, his lordship declares that if,
in spite of all the precaution which shall be used
to prevent such occurrences, an American ship,
by reason of any visit or detention by a British
cruiser, "should suffer loss and injury, it would
be followed by prompt and ample remuneration;"
and in order to make more manifest her inten-
tions in this respect, L«rd Aberdeen, in the des-
patch of the 20th of December, makes known to
Mr. Everett the nature of the instructions given to
the British cruisers. These are such as, if faith-
fully observed, would enable the British Govern-
ment to approximate the standard of a fair gin-
demnity. That Government has, in several cases,
fulfilled her promises in this particular, by making
adequate reparation for damage done to our com-
merce. It seems obvious to remark, that a right
which is only lo be exercised under such restric-
tions and precautions, and risk, in case of any as-
signable damage, to be followed by the conse-
quences of a trespass, can scarcely be considered
anything more than a privilege asked for, and
either conceded or withheld on the usual principles
of international comity.
The principles laid down in Lord Aberdeen's
despatches, and the assurances of indemnity there-
in held out, although the utmost reliance was placed
on the good faith of-the British Government, were
no! regarded by the Executive as a sufficient secu-
rity against the abuses which Lord Aberdeen ad-
mitted might arise in even the most cautious and
moderate exercise of their new maritime police;
and, therefore, in my messase at Ihe opi ning of
the last session, I set forth the views entertained by
the Executive on this subject, and substantially af-
firmed both our inclination and ability to enforce
our own laws, protect our flag from abuse, and ac-
quit ourselves of all our duties and obligations on
the high seas. In view of these assertions, the
treaty of Washington was negotiated; ar'd upon
consultation with the British negotiator as to the
quantum of force necessary to be employed, in or-
der to atiain these objects, the result to which the
most deliberate estimate led was embodied in the
8ih article of the treaty.
Such were my views at the time of negotiating
that treaty, and such, in my opinion, is its plain
and fair interpolation. I regarded the 8th article
as removing all possible pretext, on the ground of
mere necessity, to visit and detiin our ship.-, upon
the African coast, because of any alleged abuse of
our flag by slave-tradeis of other nations. We
had taken upon ourselves the burden of prevent-
ing any such abuse, by stipulating to furnish an
armed (orce regarded by both the high contracting
parties as sufficient to accomplish that object.
Denying, as we did and do, all color of right to
exercise any such general police over the flaas of
independent nations, we did not demand of Great
Britain any lormal renunciation of hei pretension;
still less had we the idea of yielding anything our-
selves in that lespect. We chose to make a prac-
tical settlement of the question. This we owed to
what we had already done upon ihis subject. The
honor of ihe country called for ii; the honor of its
flag demanded that it should not be umv! by oihers,
to cover an iniquitous traffic. This Government,
I ain veiy sure, has both the inclination and the
ability to do this; and, if need be, it will not con-
tent ltveif with a fleet of eighty guns; but, sooner
than any foreign Governmtnt shall exercise the
province of executing its laws and fulfilling ils ob-
ligations—the highest of which is to pro'ect its flag
alike from abuse or insult—it would, I doubt not,
put m requisition for that purpose it-- whole naval
power. The purpose of this Government is faiih-
fully to fulfil the treaty on its part; and it will not
permit itself to doubt that Great Britain will com-
ply with it on hers. In this way, peace will best
be preserved, and the moit amicable relations
maintained between the two countries.
JOHN TYLER.
TheCleikhad read but a small portion of the
message, when the reading was arrested; and,
On motion of Mr. BOTTS,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 28, 1843.
The PRESIDENT pro /em. laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Treasury Depart-
ment, transmitting statements of contracts, of pay-
ments made for miscellaneous claims, and of ex-
penditures from the marine hospital fund; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the bill
from the House entitled "An act to repeal so much
of an act making an appropriation for the tempo-
rary support of certain destitute Kickapoo Indians,
as relates to the payment of cleiks charged with
their business as trustees."
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, made an adverse report (which was order-
ed to be printed) on the petition of Samuel Bing-
ham.
On motion of Mr. S., the same committee
was discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Benjamin Crawford, praying indem-
nity for losses sustained in consequence of having
his trading establishment broken up by officers of
the United States.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the bill from (he
House authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to refund to David Watkinson & Co. a part of
the duties imposed on a certain quantity of tin and
iron imported by them into the port of New York.
Also, reported back, with an amendment (which
was ordered to be printed) the bill from the House
for the re-issue of treasury notes, and for other
purposes.
Mr. E. also, from the same cemmittee, to
which was referred the bill from the House to pro-
hibit any extra allowances to officers of the Govern-
ment, reported the same back, with the opinion of
the committee that the passage of the bill was un-
necessary, extra allowances being now prohibited.
Mr. CRIT rENDEN presented a memorial from
Lexington, Kentucky, setting forlh that, in conse-
quence of obstructions in the navigation of the
Western rivers, great loss of life and property was
sustained, and asking Congress to make some pro-
vision for the removal of such obstructions. The
petition was ordered t  lie on the table.
The following engrossed bills were read the third
time, and passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Richard Patten.
The bill to revive the act entitled "An act to en-
able claimants to land within the limits of Missouri
and the Territory of Arkansas to institute pro-
ceedings to try the validity of their claims," ap-
proved the 2 6th of May, 1824; and the act amend-
ing the same, and ex'ending the provisions of said
acts to claimants to land within the States of Lou-
isiana and Mississippi.
The bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller.
The bill to repeal certain parts of the act enti-
tled "An act respecting the organization of the
army, and for other purposes," approved the 23d
of August, 1842.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bryan, Harrison
Young, and Benjamin Young.
The bill declaring Robbmston, in the State of
Maine, to be a port of delivery.
The bill to extend the Patent Office to Ninth
street.
The bill to permit the entry of merchandise re-
covered from shipwrecks, in certain eases, free
from duty.
The bill to apply certain alternate sections of the
public domain towards the completion of works of
internal improvement in ihe State of Michigan,
and for other purposes, was ordered to be engross-
ed, after being amended in several particulars, on
the suggestion of Mr. SMITH of Indiana. This
bill v as subsequently passed.
The bill to amend the laws relating to imprison-
ment for debt in the District of Columbia, was
read the third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch was
considered as in committee of the whole; and, there
being no amendment proposed, it was reported to
the Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading. This bill was subsequently passed.
