CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
365
sponsible, it was in order to discuss the question of
popular rights?
Mr. ALLEN contended that he was only follow-
ing the practice which prevailed in that body.
Mr. MILLER regretted that the gentleman from
Ohio had diverted his censures from the banks, and
directed them against him. He intended that it
should be shown to the public by whose instrument-
ality it was that the bill had been delayed. The
gentleman had accused him of having brooded
over this bill for a very long time; and yet (he gen.
tleman himself declared he was not prepared to
act on the subject, but required a long session in
which to discuss it. The gentleman had denounced
all banks; did the people think wilh him? he would
ask. No; the peop'e stcod by their contracts, and
fulfilled them; it was the gentleman alone who was
desirous of destroying thea.
Mr. ALLEN said the Senator had set cut with
the assumption that it was his intention to cast a
censure upon him tor the perforirjatxe < f bis duty.
In this he was mistaken; tut he must be permitted
to speak, with the severity it deserved, of an at-
tempt to ebtain, for a period of >en year®, a charter
for these banks, without even the privilege of ask-
ing for the reasons upon vjrch t>nch an application
was founded. He trus.ed Senators would join
with him in givina a wholesome rebuke to those
who were desirous of fastening upou the people of
this District these banks, with all their imperrcciions
on their heads, by their opposition to the passage of
this bill.
Mr. WRIGHT appealed to the Senate, in con-
sideration of the peiiod of the session and the cor-
dition of the businers, to permit this bill to be laid
aside for the preterit, that the more pre^is'g bv.i-
ness might be proceeded with.
Mr. MILLED refused to accede to any post-
ponement.
Mr. SIMMONS trged that the qu, stioa shcn'd
be taken upon the bill, without iur'her debate.
Mr. BENTON observed that it had been the in-
variable custom to bring forward bills of this na-
-tore at so late a perod cf she session as to render
it impossible fo consider ifaero naturelv.
Mr. BARROW said, the course pursued by Sen-
ators on the other side, in reU'nn to thi-i bill, as
well as to that which b-.d been under considera-
tion yesterday, convinced b;m that it was ihe duty
of Senators on this [the Whig] side to let them
know, once for all, that the business of the Sen-
ate would be proceeded with in the regular mode;
and the responsibility of arrestee; the action of ths
Senate, if they persisted in doing so, would rest
where it properly belonged,
Mr. WALKER. What, sir, has it come to thi--:
that when a bill for chart?rmj half a dozen banks
at a time—and not merely for a MP?5e year, but
for ten years—i* under cnwdpraiien, no amend-
ment is to be offered, and no diccus ion permitted?
I know the actual power, and the claim to power,
on the part of the banks, is great indeed; bat I
certainly never expected to he,r that, upon asking
a charter from the representatives of the S'ates and
the people, when fair ar.d proper amendments
were offered, all discus-ion was to be suppressed,
and the vote to be taker. in si!enc . And I will
say to the Senator from Louisiana, and others upon
that side, that, if they have not teen enlightened by
the experience of the iasi five yeais—by the light
wh ch has been shed upon the subject of banking
since the special s:.rsion of 1841—thev certainly
stand alone among the mass cf the people of tbe
country. Within the last two cr three years we
have bad an experience upon this subject erpal to
the experience of centuries. Like the light* v bich
has been travelling from the mere distant of the
fixed stars, ever since th? Cieation of the world,
we aie beginning to receive light upon this im-
portant subject.
One single word as regards the amendment.
What is ii? To render 'he stockholders individu-
ally responsible for the money 'hey issue. They
ask the privilege of making money, not by coin-
ing, but by s'amp'rg a nouey va'ue upon paper.
They ask the privilege of exercising this a'tribute
of sovereignty, by "making money out of that
which has no intrinsic value, and for the redemp-
tion of which they are not responsible. What is
the respois-ibiliiy of these bt>uks? A prr tended
amount 01 stock. But who knows how much stock
is there in reality?—how much has been abstracted
by losses, by peculation, and btnk f.auds? There
may not be a dollar ihe'-e. I do hope f-.st an
amendment of this kind, the justice of wh'ch is so
plain and palpable, will be adopted.
The question upon the amendment was then ta-
ken, as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cutli-
bert, Henderson, King, MeDuftie, Mellobcus, Sturgeon. Tap-
pan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury, Wught, arid Young—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer. Harrow, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittnnden, Dayton, Evans, Giaham,
Huntington, Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Porter, Rives,
Simmons, £mithof Indiana, Spraguc, Talbnadge, White, and
Woodbridee—25.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BUCHANAN sail' be had an amendment
to oiler, and he des red the ycr.s .ipd nay* upon it.
He thought the great evil of the I anking system
wa«, that, although ail the States had determinr d
that a suspension of ,-pecie payments should be a
forfeituie ■:{ the charter, yet there w =- t:o efficient
machinery provided by law to carry that forfeiture
into effect. His object was to make it the dotj* of
the law officer of the Government to pr"crcd
agf.ins1 £ucn bank, wi-bcut waiting for a formal
complaint or in'oima'ion. He dt sired a vote upon
this amendment hy yas aud nays; for he hei.m rd
the unanimity of the Sesat-, upon :!vs j>cic, v. oa d
produce a great deal of spod
Mr. Buchanan's amei.dmeut wa* read as fel-
lows:
Thai, if any of thesaul banks shall hereafter suspend specie
payments, or rotnse to pay on demand any of their notes, de-
posues, or other ouligmioic-, 111 specie, it ?hall be the duty o{
the^ dibtnct attorney for the Disuict of Columbia, cz officio,
to rile a bill befoie the piopfi court, whose duty n ^h.tilae, upon
legal proof of the {act, to decree the foiteiiurc ofttiu charter of'
•said dG<aukms bfini, and place u m a state nf liqmtlnim., ard
wind up its artan* acornlin^ ro the rule* and practice of a court
of chancery uiet paying out of the ol earn of the - - ■]
banks, res'f-iijjvety, a'l ths holcseia of tl.ur notes m prciciem e
to ail other -kipum's ai?n;n?c them, and to apportion the re-
maining assets pro rata among all the other cicditors,'
Upon ihi-- anient7men; tfe }e?.s ard najs were
taken, as follows;
VEAS—Mes-rs Allen, Archer, Burrow, Bajard,
Benton, Berrien, Buchanan, Cnoate, Chvon, (,'unrad, Crafts,
Crittenden, Cuihberi. l)oy.on, Ev.ins. Gtahsm, Henfieisoiis
Huntington, Kerr, Kmc, McDufte, Mi_Robert«, M.inGum, Mil-
ler, Poiter, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan," Walker,
White. W'iliams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—Do.
NAi—Mr. Morehead—1.
Mr. BENTON then ro--e and said, as the bill
had just b-;en amended so as to prr-veiit the banks
from issuing then' own susnendi-d paper, yet, as
that amendment did not prevent them from issuing
the susp-nded paper of other batiks, he would move
an amendment which would embrace the latter,
Mr, Benton's amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it fui (her enucfecl, That neither of the banks
shall circulate nr receive, pay out, or m any wr.y use, any paper
currency which is not equivalent to gold and silver c« in; and
all contracts and transactions found'd on ?uch suspended <-rde-
preoiated nnte^ or bills of suspended ban'cx, and every violation
of this section, shall be a violation of uip chaner of the bank,
and a forfeiture thereof.
Mr, CRITTENDEN proposed a n.odiScation of
the ameudtrjen*, ?o as l« maire it read as follows:
Sec, 3. Ana be it further enacted, That neither of the banks
shall circular the notes or bills of --'appended banks; andevory
vi<^lation of this rection shall be a violation of the charter of the
bank, and a forfeiture thereof.
Up' n th s question lh& yezs and nays were—
YEAS Messrs. Arrbev, Birrow, Bates. Bayard, Conrad,
Crafts. Crittenden, Dayton. Dvans, Gr.iham, Kerr, Manjum,'
Mi'1'.-r, Moiehrad, For^r. Simmons, Smith of Ir-juna, i^pitisue,
Tahmadge. and Wfadbi/daf—tO.
XiVS-Me??)6 ^Unn, Baeby. Benfoo. Buchanan, Cutbherr,
McRooerts, pjtuiseon, 'i aops.n, Walker. Wouubuiy, an^ Wn?ht
-XL.
The aroendment fis amended wai, corxjrred 10;
aid upon th-; que.,tion of tbe eBgrosFmenc of the
bill, acd crdertr.g st for a -h'rd reading,
Mr, WRIGHI' rose and called up .b tho chfJr-
msn ot the comaiittee by whexn tne bdl h-;d fcee'i
reported, to s'a'.e how tar the crictcrso/ these
banks had complied with the prevision of u'.eir
former e'^art-rs, v/hich r< quired ihat all loans to
any president, ca.hier, or airector, or any rffieer of
the bank, to a greater amount than §10.000, should
be regularly reduced at the ra'e of 25 per isat.
annually, j
Mr. MI LLER replied that he kneir pothmg j
abr ut it.
Mr, WRIGHT. Then all I have to say it, if |
we are called on to recharter these banks for a pe-
riod of ten year?, while the chairman of the com-
mittee who brought the bill before the Senate, and
pressed it? immediate pai-*?ge, to the exclusion of
all other busires0, and who has taken the whole
session to investigate the matter, does not know
whether a provision fo important as this has been
complied with, it is time for the Senate to hesitatej
for I consider this one cf the most material pro-
visions for the purpo e of reducing these institu«
tion* to a state of sonndnese.
Mr. BENTON th;n movtd the following:
And be it further f-nacted, That the act for continuing the
charters of taid banks shall be null and void m every case in.
which any one of said hanks shall not have complied with the
term?, con^itiof's ar.d piovHonsof the acts by which they
have been heretoloio continued.
Up'n tlr's amendment, the yeas snd nays were
taken, as fo-iow?:
YEAS—Mcs&r<\ Allen. Bagby, Ben'on, Cuthbert, King, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Walkei, Woodbury, Wright, and Young—IX.
NAYS--Mec-srs. Aichei, Bxriov, Bates, Berrien, Crafts,
Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Huntington, Kerr, Man-
gum, Miller, Mort head, Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana,
ttpiague, Talliriddge, and Wooubndjre—20,
So the amendment was rejected.
Upon t' e quebhon of the engrossment of the
bill, the y-as a'd nays were
\ VA$—Mu«rs A.-ut*v, Barrow, Bites, Bayard, Berrien,
Crafts. Crittfi'.den, Da) ton, Evan.s Giaham, Huntington, Kerr,
Mangum, Miller, Mouhead. Poi tei. Sevier, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Sprague, T^llniadge. and Wot (5bi idae—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Magbv, Benron, Cuthbert, McRoberts,
Sturgeon, Tnppan, Walker, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
The bill was according! , ordered So be engrossed,
a nit read a third tine,
Tbe bill for the relief of lames S. Calhoun,
havir.g been letnrned from the Houye with an
amendment to the amendment of the Senate, was
t-.ktn up for consideration—the question being on
corenmne wilh the ameivsnent of the House.
Mr. KINIJ inc;i;ired what was the effect of the
amendment.
Mr. GliAKA"T srsid th? effect of the amend-
ment of ihe Hou-e wa* io restore ihe bill to what
it was when it came from the B>u?e.
Mr. KIHG ws1, entirely oppo&s d to itj and he
i-r-oved that the Seoate if'ist 0-3 its amendment,
and ask /or a cnsnnaitiee of conference.
Messrs. WRIGHT and WOODBURY were op.
posed to having any appropriatir.g chase in the
bill. They main'ained t'^at. t;-,ere was greit im-
propneiy in trnr'ing any officer to make an award
for cons- quentiai damares, as was proposed by this
amendment of the House. It was right that Con-
press should see the award first, before appropria-
ting money for it,
Some further debate was had on the bill, between
Msf-srs. BERRIEN, KING, WRIGHT, and GRA-
HAM, on the impropriety of making a specific ap-
propriation in tbi= hill, tyhen the Committee on
Claims were unanimously opposed to it.
The Senate finally disagreed to the amendment
of the House, and insisted on its own amendment;
and,
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, a committee of
cotiference of three, on the pait of the Senate, was
authorized to be appointed by the Chair, to take
m!o consideration the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
The bill to amend the insolvent acts of the Dis-
trict of Columbia, havir.g been returned from the
H.at?e with ?u amendment, exempting females
irom the operation oi the imprisonment portion of
the m«clvert la\?, was taken up, and the amend-
ment was concurred in by ihe Sfitatc.
Several House bills Were read twice, and appro-
pria'tly referre1*.
Mr. TAPPAN made not.c remaiks on the pro-
priety cf fimt disposing of Sep;1!" bills to which no
objection would ariv. Hio suggestion, however,
was act yielded to.
On motion by Mr. BERRIEN, the Committee
on tbe Jodiciery was oiscbaigcd from tbe farther
g0«:-i'kn tif.n of Hw*«e bill duecting the running
of Ihe nonhfin lint of the reserve of the half-breed
Sac and Fox tube of Indian?, by the treaty of
th? 4:h of Anpi'.st, 1824.
Mr, B. also made a report from the Committee
on tbe Judiciary, touching the title of the First
Mrnicipali'y of Hew Orleans to a lot of land in
that city: ordered to be printed-
