CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 8, 1843,
Volume 12—No. 24.
Continued /rem No. 23.
it should be either called the Ashburton treaty, or
called after the American negotiator, who had
proved himself, on this occasion, as well as during
the last war, a British advocate. .
Since the last war, the Brirsh Government had
been assiduously endeavoring to extend their naval
power, and to acquire the right to superintend the
police of the seas. The first pretext they seized on
to extend this power, was that of the suppression of
the slave-trade. Here Mr. M. adverted to the
negotiations of the British Government at the con-
gress of Vienna—the quintuple treaty—and the
treaty with Prance on the subject: and read va-
rious passages from the correspondence between
the French and British Government, as well as
the correspondence of our Secretaries of State,
(Mr. Van Buren and Mr. Forsyth,) commenting
on them as he proceeded.
He further quoted the language of Sir Robert
Peel, in the British Parliament, to show the extent
of British assumption s n this subject; and next, the
opinion of Lord StoweU on the law of nations, as
applicable thereto. He likewise quoted from the
writings of Governor Cass, «hiie minister of the
United States to France, to show the American
view of the question; and concluded with some re-
marks strongly in opposition to the insulting c'aim
set up by Great Britain, at:d in exposuie of her
tyrannical proceedings m Chir,a, Afghanistan, and
other portions of the world; while she was avow-
edly the champion of humanity, and when under-
taking to be the high sheriff of ths seaf, and to
visit and search American .'■hips.
Mr. CUSHING rose to present, very briefly, his
views of the controversy which had sprung up be-
tween the Governments of Great Britain and the
United States, respecting the construction of the
8th article of the treaty cf Washington; and he
thanked Heaven that, as a member of the Congress
of the United State?, he could rise to fustain and
defend the construction of that treaty as given by
the Chief Magistrate of this Union, in opposition
to that of the Prime Minister of an adversary for-
eign nation, and in maintenance of the honor and
interests of the United Stales. He then proceeded
to divest the question of extraneous inteipretations,
and applied to it the law of nations, as laid down
by Lord Sroweli; and went on to assert that this
assumed right of search was first asserted m a des-
patch of the Duke of Wellington, addressed to the
Prince Talleyrand.
On the despatch of Lord Aberdeen, in October,
1841; on his despatch of the 20:h December, 1841;
en his recent despatch, laid before the House on
yesterday; and on the speech of Sir Robert Peel,
which he took to be a prepared exposition of the
views of the British Government—he assumed that
all pretext for any right of search was removed,
with the exception of what was conceded by the
treaty. He would remark, (and called the attention
of the committee to the fact,) that ihe negotiations
and the legislation of England with regard to the
right of starch went hand in hand. There were
two remarkable facts, to which he would call tfee
attention of the country, in the progress of the
parallel system of negotiation and legislation pur-
sued by England. The first was the act of Par-
liament in 1839, giving to British cruisers unlimit-
ed authority to detain ar.d search all vessels sus-
pected in any manner of beicg engaged in the
slave-trade. Alongside of this act of Parliament:
he placed the quintuple treaty, a copy of which be
bad made, and should embody in bis speech when it
should be written out at length. Both the act of
Parliament and the qnin'uple treaty contained the
same provisions, tntidem vtrbh.
Now, he would call the a''e<\ticn of the coun'ry
to the fact, that, let Sir Robert Fn 1 contend for any
construction he pleased of theue;ty if Washing-
ton, a step was thereby made rn th" part <>{ ihe
United States, in advance of all o'h r powers on
the subject of the reciprocal right of 'earch. The
United States, instead of agreeing to a reciprocal
right of search, had substituted for it concerted
cruising. He contended that the point which was
gained by the United States in the treaty of Wash-
ington had had the effect of rolling back English
negotiations in Europe. Had not the treaty of
Washington been adopted—had the United States
conceded the idea of a reciprocal right of search,
the practical effect would have been, that the re-
ciprocal right of search would have become inter-
polated in the law of nations. The United States
prevented that consummation. What, he asked,
remained? In the message of the President, one
view of the treaty was assumed, and in the speech
of Sir Robert Peel another. Sir Robert Peel con-
ceded all that was asked in regard to the belligerent
right of search, and also as regards the conven-
tional or reciprocal right of search; but said there
was a right to visit, distinct from the right of search,
which he declared would be assumed and exer-
cised.
Now, the question he proposed to inquire into
was this: Was there such a thing as the right
to visit, distinct from the right of search?
In all the books on international law—books
written generally upon the continent of Eu-
rope—the right wai always expressed in these
terms, "droit de visite." This was the only expres-
sion on the subject. Now, there, was a right of
visiting ships, exercised under the sanatory laws of
oar country; also, a ri®ht to visit, exercised under
our revenue laws. But these were municipal
rights of visit—not the right to visit upon the un-
appropriated parts of the ccean, covering a large
space of the globe.
Sir R. Peel assumed that a cruiser had the right
to visit vessels on the. high seas, to see if the flag it
puts out is the right flag. Now, suppose, accord-
ing to this doctrine, a British cruiser should meet a
vessel bearing the flag of the United Slates. The
commander goes on board and challenges the flag.
The master exhibits the ship's register and other
papers, showing the nationality of his vessel. If
the fhg maybe assumed to be not authentic, why
may not the papers? May not the authenticity of the
papers be called in question with as much propriety
as the authenticity of the flag? If the boarding offi-
cer may go behind the flag, why not also behind
the papers, to the ship's crew and cargo? Where,
then, he asked, was the distinction between the
right to visit and the belligerent right of search?
He could find none. Either the assumed right of
visitation was a nullity, or it was the right of
search under another name. He, therefore, de-
nied the construction put upon the treaty by Sir
R. Peel, and affirmed that of the President of the
Urited States.
On comparing ihe letters of Lord Aberdeen and
the message of the President, what would be found?
Did Lord Aberdeen claim the right of visitation in
either of those letters? Lord Aberdeen disavowed
the right to visit an American vessel. What, then,
did he claim the right to do? This, it must be re-
membered, was a question of universal maritime
right. Oace admit the right to visit ottr vessels,
and it would subject us to burdens ten-fold greater
than ttie reciprocal right of search. The right to
visit and inquire, would be made to cover every
object for the attainment of which the American
flag could be unfurled. Lord Aberdeen claimed
the right ot a British cruiser, when he saw a ves-
sel which he had reason to believe was a British
vessel, and which he would, therefore, have the
right to seize, to enter upon and detain it. But
how? Not as an American vessel. He could
not tcuch her as an American. He would enter
her as a Poituguesie, a French, a Spanish, a pirate,
or seme olhT vessel, which he would be author-
ized to s-eize, If it proves to be an A mere;, n ves-
se' vJiich he has entered, then be has committed an
aggression, and owes reparation for it. Was this
a right of search, or of visitation? No; it was a
responsibility—a perilous responsibility.
These were views on which he was prepared to
live or die, in peace or in war. He would con-
cede to no Government the right to visit or search
our ships; and if an admiralty order should be is-
sued in England for that purpose, it would he an
aggression, and he should be for coming to an
understanding on the subject.
He was of the opinion that we had cause to re-
gret that we had entered into any sentimental legis-
lation. The only delicate point in this matter was,
a question in the law of nations which might arise
upon the piracy act of Congress. It was a false
step, he considered, on our part, to enact the piracy
law with regard to the slave-trade; and here, whilst
he forbore, on account of the delicacy of the sub-
ject, from further alluding to it, he must do justice
to the ability of his colleague, [Mr. Adams,] whose
good advice, had it been followed, would have en-
abled us to avoid the difficulties under which we
now labored.
After a few further remarks, he concluded by
moving that the committee rise, with a view to the
adoption of a resolution to take the bill out of
committee.
The motion was agreed to; and the committee
rose.
Mr. YORKE then offered a resolution, that all
debate in Committee of the Whole on the above
bill should cease in half an hour, and that the com-
mittee should then proceed to vote on the amendments
pending, and such amendments as might be offered;
after which, to report the bill to the House. Mr. Y.
having called for the previous question on the
above resolution,
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved to lay it
on the table: rejected—ayes 35, noes not counted.
Under the operation of the previonsquestion, the
resolution was then adopted.
The House then again went into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Summers in the chair,) and re-
sumed the consideration of the same bill.
Mr. ADAMS got the floor, and observed that he
merely rose to say that, in the short time allowed
for debate on this question, he would forego the
few remarks he intended to make on the subject,
and would yield to other gentlemen who desired
to participate in the discussion.
Mr. EVERETT next obtained the floor, and
said that he did not intend to take up the whole
half hour allotted to the discussion of this bill.
He had but few remarks to make before offering
an amendment, which he proposed to submit to the
House, and shtfnld condense them as much as pos-
sible. He first wished to say that he thought the
treaty an extremely good one, for the very simple
reason—that it settled difficulties, in themselves of no
minor consequence. Secondly, to say that he should
vote for the appropriation to pay Maine and Mas-
sachusetts the sums awarded them, but with the
hope that his native State of Massachusetts
would not receive a dollar of it. He hoped she
would not take it—not because it was not within
the treaty-making power, but because if these
two States were willing to rest under the imputation
of having sold their country, he could hereafter
make no manner of complaint of the "thirty pieces
of silver." He was not one of those who be-
lieved that the country belonged to Maine; and,
therefore, he refrained from voting on the resolu-
tion of the House affirming that proposition, and
that the rights of Maine to the country would be
maintained at all hazards. He believed, under all
the circumstances, that we got a pretty good bar-
gain in making this treaty. He came now to the
right of visitation, about which so much had been
said; and this, he took it, was not a British, but an
American question. When presented as a British
question, every man in the House rose in opposi-
tion to it; but when presented as an American
question—a$|the claim of the United States against
ihe whole world—he hoped it would meet with a
more favorable reception. With this brief preface,
he begged leave to offer his amendment, exhibiting
