m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his views of all that could be said on the subject.
Mr. E. then submitted the following:
And b6 it further enacted, That it shall be the duty of the
commander of each of said vessels of said naval force to visit
all vessels found on the coast of Africa, or within one hundred
leagues thereof, which he shall have reason to suspect to be
American, and to be engaged in the slave-trade, for the sole pur-
pose of ascertaining whether euch vessel be American; and if
Jound not to be American, such commander shall give to the
captain of the vessel so visited a certificate stating the name
of his vessel, the name and rank of the commandel, the date of
the visit, and the time of detention of the vessel visited—a
memorandum of which visit, with the reason therefor shall be
placed 011 his log-book; and report the same to the Secretary
of the Navy.
Mr. E. continued, thai this bill proposed to send
a fleet of 80 guns to the coast of Africa, for the
purpose of suppressing the slave-trade. Now, he
contended that the duties required of the command
er of this .'quadron, by the amendment he had just
offered, was absolutely necessary to enable them
to render She least beneficial service. For what
purpose were Ihese vessels to be sent there? Not
lo'interfere with the vessels of other nations, but
with American vessels. You have, said Mr. E., by
your laws, declared the slave-trade piracy; and your
• vessels, therefore, are to act against pirates, and to
ascertain whether the vessels they find on that
coast are pirates or not. Your object is to suppress
this class of piracy; and how can you do it, unless
you have the right of visit? If you deny that right,
you must take the ground that the flag protects the
ship: and if you find Turkish colors on a ship that
has the name of the "Sarah Ann, of New York,"
on her stern, you have no right to visit her. Bat
take ihe olher ground; and if the commander of
one of your vessels finds the name of the Sarah
Ann, of New York—or of Baltimore, if you please—
on a pirate, no flag will protect her.
Everybody knew that at this day the flag was
no evidence of the character of Ihe vessel. Ves-
sels engaged in the slave-trade would know very
well where the American cruisers and British
cruisers were; and when they came in sight of the
former, would hoist some other flag, and hoist the
American flag when they came in sight of the lat-
ter. It would be perfectly idle and a waste of
money to send our squadron to the coast of Africa,
unless they were directed to visit all vessels under
the American flag, and as.-e:t the right of visit as
an American right. It was said that the right of
search was found in the law of i.ations at a belli-
gerent right; and that, not thing in a state ot' war,
this right did not exist. WhaL were the laws of
nations? Had they derived their force from the
contentions of nations, or had they derived it from
Ihe general consent (f nations in amity? But,
granting it to be a belligerent right only: the
United States had declared war against piracy, and
could exercise this right while they were carrying
on that war. How did vessels of war act in cases
of piracy? Had they not the right to board vessels
suspected to be piratical? and was not the
United Slates at war with those who were pirates?
But again: Was the House aware of the fact, that
this right had been uniformly exercised by our
ships of war? Our squadrons on the coast of Afri-
ca, engaged in suppressing the slave-trade, had al-
ways exercised this right; and so had our cruisers
in ihe West Indies while searching for pirates.
He would maintain the right to visit these vessels
at all hazards, otherwise our own seas would be
covered with pirates. If we refused this right, what
would be thought of us in Europe? All Europe
was engaged in the suppression of the slave-trade;
and could we say to the British that they should
not board our vessels for the purpose of ascertain-
ing, not whether they were American, but whether
they were British? All distinction was lost in the
assertion that there was any analogy between the
right of visitation and the right of search. The
right of visit was not only essential to the pro-
tection and preservation of a lawful commerce, as
■well as the suppression of the slave-trade, but we
could not stand before the world without conce-
ding it.
Mr. ALLEN rose to reply to some observations
made by the gentleman from Vermont, which he
deemed a reflection on the States of Massachu-
setts and Maine; and, after speaking a few min-
utes, the Chairman announced that the linae lim-
ited for the debate on this bill had expired.
Mr. CUSHINGt then moved to fill up the blank
in the bill with the sum of §217,728-
Mr. BRIGGS moved a modification, so as to
specify the proportion of that sum to be paid to each
of the States of Massachusetts and Maine.
Mr. CUSHINGt accepted the modification.
Mr. MERIWETHER moved to strike out the
section providing for the maintenance of the squad-
ron on the African coast.
The motion was negatived.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to strike out the
section appropriating $300,000 to Maine and Mas-
sachusetts.
The motion was lost.
Mr. Everett's amendment being in order—
Mr. A. V. BROWN asked for tellers, and Messrs.
Tillinqhast and Roosevelt were appointed. The
amendment was negatived: 22 voting in the affir-
mative, and 105 in the negative.
The committee then rose and reported the bill to
the House; and the amendment of the committee
was concurred in. The bill was then ordered to
be engrossed; and, on the question of its passage,
Mr. L. W ANDREWS called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, resulted—yeas 137,
nays 40, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Sherlock J. Andrews, Ar-
nold, Arrington, Aycrigg, Baker, Barnard, Bidlack, Birdseye,
Blair, Boardman, Bolder), Bolts, Bowne, Briggs, Bronson,
William Butler, William O. Butler, Patrick C. Caldwell,
Calhoun, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thomas J.
Campbell, Carutheis, Cary, Chapman, Childs, Chittenden,
Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Cowen, Cranston, Craw-
ford, Cross, Cuahing, Daniel, Garrett Davis,Richard D. Davis,
Deberry, Poig, Everett, Fessenden, Fillmore, John G. Floyd,
Fornance, Thomas F. Foster, Gamble, Gates, Gentry, Gjd-
dings, Patrick G. Goode, William O. Goode, Gordon, Graham,
Granger, Hall, Harris, Henry, Holmes, Houck, Howard, Hu-
bard, Hudson, Hunter, Joseph R. Ingersoll, James Irvm,
William W Irwin, John P. Kennedy, Lewie, Linn, Littlefield,
Robert McClellan, McKennan, Mallory, Alfred Marshall,
Thomas F, Marshall, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynard,
Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Morrow, Oliver, Osborne, Owsley,
Parmenter, Pearce, Pendleton, Pickens, Powell, Proffit, Ram-
sey, Benjamin Randall, Randolph, Rencher, Ridgway, Riggs,
Rodney, Rousevult, William Russell, J. M. Russell, Sal ton*
stall, Saunders, Sewell, Shepperd, Slade, Stanly, Stokely,
Stratton, A. H. H. Htuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Sumter,
TaliaJerro, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Trip-
lett, Trotti, Trumbull, Underwood, Van Uuren, Ward, Wat-
terson, Westhrook, Edward D. White, Joseph L. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, Wmthrop, Wise, and Yorke—137.
NAYS—Miosis. Landaff W. Andrews Atherton, Beeeon,
Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Charles Brown, Burke, Casey, Cra*
vens, Dean, John C. Edwards, Charles A.Floyd, Gerry, Gil.
mer, Hopkins, Houston, Charles J. Ingersoll, Jack, Cave
Johnson, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Abraham McClellan, Mc-
Kay, McKeon, Marchand, Mathews, Mcdill, Meriwether, Mil-
ler, Newhard, Payne, Raynei, Roding, Reynolds, Shaw,
Shields, Steenroil, Jacoh Thompson, and Turney—40.
The bill was thorefore passed.
Mr. ALLEN of Maine moved a reconsideration
of the vote by which the bill was passed, and the
previous question on the motion.
The previous question was sustained, and the re-
consideration put, and lost.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS moved the House ad-
journ.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired whether this was not the
last day bills could be sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER replied that it was, unless the
House should suspend its rules.
Mr. McKENNAN asked for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn; but they were not order-
ed.
Tellers (Messrs. Bbiggs and Weller.) were or-
dered on the motion, who reported—ayes 95, noes
not counted.
So the House, at a quarter past 5 o'clock, ad-
journed.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 1, 1843.
Mr. YOUNG, from ihe Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported back to the Senate the bill
No. 47, heretofore referred to that committee,
granting an additional quantity of land to the State
of Illinois, to aid in the completion of the Illinois
and Michigan Canal, with a recommendation by
the committee in favor of its passage.
The bill is as follows:
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Representa-
tivesof the United States of Americain Congress assembled^
That, in addition to the lands heretofore granted to the State of
Illinois, for the purpose of assisting m the construction of the
Illinois and Michigan Canal, there is hereby granted to the said
State the further quantity of four hundred and seventy-eight
thousand five hundred and seventy-eight acres, to aid in the
completion of the said work. The said lands to he selected by
an agent or agents to be appointed by the Governor of the said
State, in sections, half sections, quarter sections, and half
quarter sections, from any of the unreserved lands belonging
to the United States within the limits of the said State: Pro•
vided, That such selection shall be made under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury; of the United States, and shall
not extend to any lands to which the right of pre-emption may
attach under the existing laws of Congress.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
made reports (which were ordered to be printed)
adverse to the passage of the following House bills,
viz.:
The bill for the relief of Jahn Everly;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins; and
The bill for the relief of John P. Schuyler.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported back, without amend-
ment, and with a recommendation that it do pass,
the bill from ths House providing for the sale of
certain lands in the States of Ohio and Michigan,
ceded by the Wyandot tribe of Indians, and for
other purposes.
Mr. S., from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill from the House entitled "An act
explanatory of an act supplemental to an act en-
titled 'An act granting pre-emption rights to set-
tlers on the public lands,' approved June 22,1838,"
reported the same back without amendment. Mr.
S., said there were other bills on the file containing
precisely the same matter. The committee, there-
lore, had not thought it necessary to recommend
the passage of this bill. He hoped the other bills
alluded to would be taken up and passed.
The resolution which was submitted on yester-
day by Mr. Walker, calling upon the Secretary of
the Treasury to communicate to the Senate, at the
next session of Congress, the whole operations of
the landed system, was taken up and agreed to.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Pension?,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the bill from the
House for the relief of Ruth Mathiot.
Mr. WOODBURY, from the Committee on
Claims, reported back, without amendment, the
bill from the House for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Robert A. Kelly.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
proceeded to cop.sider the House bills on the calen-
dar; when
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of
Lloyd J. Bryan," was taken up, as in committee of
the whole, on an adverse report of the Committee
on Naval Affairs; and it was indefinitely post-
poned.
The following House bills were then considered
as in committee of the whole, and finally passed,
viz:
An act for the relief of Robert Ramsay.
An act to amend an act entitled "An act to es-
tablish the northern boundary line of the Slate of
Ohio, and to provide for the admission of the State
of Michigan into the Ut.ion upon the conditions
therein expressed."
An act for the relief of John Javins.
An act for the relief of John Hicks.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
legal representatives of Major General Baron De
Kalb, deceased," was taken up, as in committee of
the whole.
Mr. BENTON made some remarks against its
passage.
Mr. PHELPS stated that the bill had been re-
jected by the Senate at the last session; but it was
again passed by the House this session, and was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims^
That committee did not know what other course
to take, than to report the bill back to the Senate,
and submit it to its decision. He (Mr. P.) was in-
dividually opposed to the claim. He moved that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The question was put on this motion, and it was
carried in the affirmative.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
heirs, or the assignees of the heirs, of Isaac Todd
and James McGill," was taken up as in committee
of the whole, on an amendment from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN moved that the bill be laid on
the table; but withdrew the motion at the sugges-
tion of
