CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
371
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, who made some re-
marks on the principle involved in it. He main-
tained that it would be lo the interest of all parties
to pass the bill as proposed to be amended.
Messrs. KING and TAPPAN made some re-
marks in opposition, and Messrs. PORTER, HEN-
DERSON, and BATES in favor of the bill; when
Mr. TAPPAN renewed his motion to lay the
bill on the table, and on that demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken and decided in the
negative—yeas 13, nays 24.
The bill was still further debated by Messrs.
YOUNG, BENTON, HENDERSON, TAPPAN,
KING, McROBERTS, and McDUFFIE in oppo-
sition to, and by Messrs. SMITH of Indiana,
WOODBRIDGE, and LINN, in favor of, its pas-
sage.
The amendment was then agreed to, and the
bill was reported to the Senate; and the question
now being, ''Shall the bill be engrossed for a third
reading?"
Mr. McROBERTS demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then put, and decided in the af-
firmative, yeas 21, nays 13.
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pa?s, the bill from
the House to change the time of holding the cir-
cuit and district cour s for the eastern district of
Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. B., the above bill was taken
up as in committee of the whole, for consideration;
when
Mr. TAPPAN moved (o amend the bill by add-
ing an additional section, repealing the act ap-
proved 9 h June, 1843, amendatory of th,? act of
10th March, 1838, changing the lime of holding
the circuit and district courts for the dhtrict of
Ohio.
Mr. BERRIEN said this proposition was before
the Judiciary Committee, and that committee
was unable as yet to concur in the repeal of that
law. He trusted, however, that this bill would not
be encumbered with a deba'abie question, which
the Senator from Ohio desired.
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that the bill for this
purpose had not been referred to the Judiciary
Committee, and that he felt it to be his duty, under
instruction from the Legislature of his S'ate, to
press the repeal of the law alluded to.
Mr. BERRIEN stid the resolutions to which the
Senator from Ohio had alluded, in favor of the re-
peal of that law, were referred to the Judiciary
Committee; and the committee were not enabled to
concur on the propriety of its repeal. He hoped
the amendment would not be pressed.
Mr. ALLEN made some remarks ia favor of the
amendment. The necessity which caused the
change ot the place for holding ihe courts in Ohio,
didnotnow exist; for the bankrupt law, which super-
induced that necessity, had been repea'ed. The
Legislature of fay Slate had in«ttuc!ed their Sena-
tors to vote for the rep a! of the law. He hoped
it would be repealed. He demanded toe yeas and
nays on the amendment, which were ordered; and
the question being put on its adoption, it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 16, nays 21.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, read the
tbiri time according to order, and pa«cd.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with an amendment, the bill Item the
House making appropriation for the completion of
the public, buildings m F:orida.
Mr. CR11TENDEIN, front the Committee on
the Judiciary, reposed a bill for the relief of the
widow of Captain Zimzir.ger; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. EVANS moved that the Senate take a re-
cess,from 3 to 5 o'clock.
Messrs. BENTON and WOODBURY opposed
_ The question being pot on the morion, it wasde-
cided in the negative—a\e< 18, noes 24.
The bill for the relief of Robert P. Lewis, and
the bill granting a pension to David Welch, were
read the third time, and passed.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The bill to extend the charters of the District
banks for ten years from July, 1844, came up for
a third reading.
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered,
Mr, ALLEN moved to lay the bill on the table,
on the ground that, if passed to day, it could not
go lo the House, under the rule.
Mr. WRIGHT hoped Senators would not waste
time upon the bill, as it could not go to the House,
without a suspension of the joint rules, unless by
the unanimous consent of the Senate. That being
the case, be could assure Senators on the other side
that any resolution to suspend the joint rule in
which this bill was included, would be objected to.
Mr. ALLEN now submitted a question of order,
whether the bill could be read the third time to-
day.
The CHAIR said it could be read the third time
and passed to-day; but could not be sent to the
other House, unless by a suspension of the joint
rule prohibiting the transmission, within three days
of the end of the session, of original bills from
one House to the other.
Mr. ALLEN, such being the decision of the
Chair, withdrew his question of order, and moved
to lay the bill on the table, and on that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
The question was then taken on that motion, and
decided in the negative—yeas 16, nays 27, as fol-
lows :
YEAS-Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun.
Linn, McRoberts, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and Young
_ NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Harrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evan*!
Graham, Henderson. Huntington, Kerr, Miller, Morehead,'
Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Spra ue
Tallmadge, White,and Woodbndge—27. °
M *. BSNTON adverted to Ihe improper course
pursued, in bringing forward bills of this character
during the last days of the session. The bill (Sen.
a tors wera aware) could not go to the other House.
It was, therefore, a useless waste of time to pass
bills to no purpose.
The question now being, Sha.ll the bill pass?
Mr. BENTON demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and the question being put, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 26, nays 17,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden. Dayton, Graham, Render-
son, Huntington, Kerr. Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Riye«, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Soiague,
Tadmadge, and Woodbridfre—26.
KAYS—Messrs Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Kit'g, I.■ i1 n, McDnffie, McRoberts, Smith ot Connecticut, Suir-
ae«n, Tar.pan, Walker, Williams, Woodbury, Wright, and
Young—17.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of Su-
san Brum." was taken up as in committee of the
whole, on an adverse report of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and indefinitely postponed.
The bill entitled "An act to refund to Massachu-
setts the balance due her for disbursements during
the late war with Great Britain," came up on its
third reading. It was read the third time.
Mr. WRIGHT demanded the yeas and "ays on
the question, Shall the bill pass? which were or-
dered.
Mr. WALKER made some remarks against the
passage of the bill.
The question was then put, and the bill was
parsed by the following vote—yeas 27, nays 19,
viz;
YEAS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien, Choate,
Clayton,Conrad, Craft?, Chittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Henderson, Huntington. Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Moiehead!
Phelps, Porter. Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tall-
tnaug?, Win";, Williams, and Woodbridge -27.
Xa.Y.-3—Messrs Allen, Ba°by, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Fulton. Km?, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Ssvier. Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Woodbury.
Wright, and Young-19. '
Mr. EVANS moved to suspend the joint rules,
so as lo permit the above bill, the District bank
bili, and two private bills of the Senate, to be ?ent
to the oiher House.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the motion.
The CHAIR decided that, objection having been
made, the motion eouid not be entertainad to-day.
Mr. EVANS hoped that it would be suspended,
to permit the two private bills to be sent to the
House.
Objection was made.
The House bill entitled ''An act for the relief of
Asahel Lee, Harvey Lee, and Lemuel Lee," was
taken up as in committee of the whole, on amend-
ments of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. PHELPS opposed the adoption of the
amendment, and showed that the bill should pass
as it came from the House.
The question was put on the amendment, and it
was rejected.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, read
the third time according to order, and parsed.
The following bills from the House were then
taken up as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and finally passed, viz:
An act for the relief of John Drysdale.
An act for the relief of Johnson Patrick.
An act for the relief of James Sweetman.
An act for the relief of Thomas King.
An act for the relief of John P. Wiley,
An act for the relief of Joseph Nimbleti.
An act for the relief of Horace Wetherell,
An act granting a pension to Israel Thomas.
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
widow of Captain William Royall, deceased," was
taken up as in committee of the whole, on an ad-
verse report of the Committee on Pensions.
After a few remarksfrom Messrs. BATES, CRIT-
TENDEN, YOUNG, BUCHANAN, WOODBU-
RY, and PHELPS, the question on concun iag in
the report of the committee was put, and decided
in the negative—ayes 13, noes 14. Tee bill was
then reported to the Senate, and ordered to a third
reading. And tne question being, Shall ihe bill
pass?
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, resulted m
the negative—yeas 13, nays 16.
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Pc.jsicns,
reported back, without amendment, and with a
recommendation that it do pass, the House bill tor
the relief of Josiah Westlake.
Also, reported back, from the same committee,
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that they do pass, the bill for the relief of Nar.cy
Wilson, and the bill for the relief of Robert Ley-
tor's children.
Mr. WOODBRIDGrE submitted the ft .Hotting;
which, after a few remarks in its favor, was adopt-
ed, vix: '
Resolved, That of the charts and maps emanaiine from the
Topographical Bureau, reported to Congie^duiin.!th...te^-n<m,
or which may be hereafter reported, and ordered to\1.p.>sr,iveJ
there shall be struck off fifty additional copies lor th> of
the Topographical Bureau.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee ol FV-
eign Relations, reported back, without ame-
the bill from the House to provide for carr viug into
effect the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain,concluded at Washington, cn the !Hi
of Augsst, 1842.
On motion by Mr. KING, leave was artsUe i t-;
withdraw the papers of William Walker from the
files.
The Senate bill for the relief of certain offices
of the late surveying and exploring expedition, was
taken up, as in committee of the whole.
Mr. BAYARD explained the propriety of th:-
bill, and hoped the remaining special orders would
also be proceeded with.
Mr. BUCHANAN objected, on the firurd tfeat
the Senate bills could not be sent to the Kou;e,
without a suspension of the rules. E>- movi d to
postpone the special orders, with a view .if r u-
ceeding with the general orders.
Mr. BAYARD made some further exphimtion
in favor of the special order*.
Mr. CALHOUN urged the propriety of pr-
eceding with the general orders.
The question was taken on postponing the special
orders, and taking up the general orders,' and
decided in the affirmative—ayes 24, noes not
counted.
The general orders then being announced, House
bill No. 596, being an act for the relief of Joseph
W. Reckless, came up for consideration.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said this bill would lead,
