hn
CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
to discussion. He, therefore, moved to lay it on
the table.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table.
The following House bills were taken up as in
committee of the whole, considered, reporied to the
Senate, and finally passed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Richard Coke, jr.,
Robert Anderson, and George Soutball.
The bill for the relief of Charles B. Hall of Cin-
cinnati.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Lord.
The bill supplemental to the act of 24th May,
1828, to continue a copyright to John Rowlett.
The bill for the relief of James B. Sullivan, of
the county of Rapides, in the State of Louisiana,
(amended.)
Tne bill for the relief of Samuel M. Asbnry,
(with amendments.)
The bill to transfer to the trustees of Centre
College, in Kentucky, the lands heretofore granted
to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the Deaf and
Dumb.
The bill for the relief of Edward Bartletl, late
consul of the United States at Lima, in Peru.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Daniel Brent, deceased, late consul of the Uni-
ted States at Paris, (wiih amendment.)
The bill for the relief of Allen Rogers, (amend-
ed.)
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Truslow.
The bill to continue in force the act for the pay-
ment of horses and other property lost in the mili-
tary service of the United States, (with amend-
ments.)
The bill for the relief of Richard Rush.
The bill for the relief of Charles Gordon, owner
of the schooner Two Sons, and the legal represent-
atives of the crew of said vessel.
The bill for the relief of Peters, Moore, <fc Co.,
(with amendment.)
The bill for the relief of Andrew Fnher.
The bill for the relief of Jonathan Britton.
The bill for the relief of William Gale.
The bill for the relief ofS. & M. Richie.
The bill for the relief of Knott Martin and Ar-
nold Martin, owners of the fishing-schooner Only
Son, and others.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tive* of Lieut. W. S. Eveleth.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Philander
Smith and James Young.
The bill to set aside certain reservations of lands,
on account of live oak, in the southeastern disirict
of Louisiana.
The joint resolution directing certain papers, re-
lating to titles to lands in Louisiana, to be return-
ed to the General Land Office.
The bill for the relief of Garret Vliet, (as amend-
ed.)
The bill for the relief of James Gray.
The bill for the relief of Joseph R. Chandler.
The bill for the relief of Charles Waldron.
The bill for the relief of George A. Wlnslow.
The bill for the relief of John Skirving.
The bill to provide in certain cases for the sale
of real estate of infants in the District of Columbia.
The bill for the relief of John Randolph Clay.
The bill for the relief of Gorham A. Worth, one
of the sureties of Samuel Edmonds, deceased.
The bill to allow a pension to Nancy Wil-
liams, the widow of David Williams, who was one
of the captors of Major Andre.
Joint resolution relating to patents for bounty
lands, (with an amendment.)
The bill to reduce the salary of the surveyor of
the port of Camden, New Jersey.
[Mr. MILLER moved to amend this bill, to as
to limit the reduction of the salary to $500, instead
of $250; but it was disagreed to.]
The bill for the relief of Solomon Emmerson.
The bill for the relief of Jeremiah Kimball, (with
amendments.)
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Gresham, the
widow of George Greshsm.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Towers.
The bill to fix the compensation of the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings was passed with an
amendment.
The bill for the relief of John Wolfenden,
The following bills from the House were taken
up as in committee of the whole, and laid on the
table, viz:
The bill for the relief of Alexander H. Everett.
The bill for the relief of John A. Smith.
The bill for the relief of George E. Johnson.
This hill was laid on the table, after much dis-
Ussion.
The following bills from the House were then
taken up as in committee of the whole, and indefi-
nitely postponed, viz:
The bill for the relief of Gideon A. Perry.
The bill forthe relief of Samuel B.Tuck.
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Evans.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Neely.
The bill for the relief of John Fareham.
The bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Lomax.
The bill for ihe relief of Mrs. Anne W. Angus.
The bill for Ihe relief of Thomas H. Brown.
The bill for the relief of D. and J. Wilkinson.
The bill for the relief of the owners, master, and
crew of the schooner Codhook, of Blue Hill, Maine.
The bill for the relief of Levi Eldredge and
others.
The bill for the relief of the owners of the
schooner Three Brothers.
The bill for the relief of John Patten, jr., owner
of the fishing-schooner Credit, and the master and
crew of said vessel.
The bill for the relief of Abner Lowell and
others, owners of the fishing schooner William.
The bill for the relief of William Ellery, owner
of the fishing-schooners Sevo and Ida, both of
Gloucester, Massachusetts, and others.
The bill for the relief of John H. Russell, and
others, as owners, master, and crew of the fishing-
schooner Lucy Ann.
The bill forthe relief of Mary Broadstreet, Amos
Tappan, and others.
The bill for the relief of Barnabas Baker, jr.,
and others, owners of the fishing-schooner Union,
of Dennis Massachusetts.
The bill for the relief of Joshua Knowles, jr.,
and others, owners and crew of tne fishing-schooner
Garnet.
The bill for the relief of Teackle Savage, ad-
ministrator of Bolitha Laws.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Francis Pellict-r.
The bill for the relief of William Patterson.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Whiteman.
The bill for the relief of Sampson Brewn.
The bill for the relief of Mary Barry, widow
and administratrix of Thomas Barry.
The bill for the relief of Prudence Couch.
The bill granting a pension to David Munn.
The bill for the relief of Mary Elder.
The bill for the relief of Jane Maguire, widow
of Major Thomas Maguire, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Patrick Masterton.
The bill for the relief of Leah Tenure.
The bill for the relief of Henry Freeman.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Harris.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Watson.
The bill for the relief of George Hommill.
The bill for the relief of George P. Pollen and
Robert Colgate.
The bill for the relief of S. Morris Wain.
The bill from the Honse for the relief of Major
Thomas Harrison was taken up as in committee of
the whole; and after a long discussion, in which
Messrs. DAYTON, WALKER, CALHOUN
BATES, BENTON, SEVIER, SIMMONS, and
ALLEN, participated,
The bill was indefinitely postponed yeas 18
nays 15. '
Mr. BERRIEN, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill for the relief of James S. Calhoun, re-
ported the result of that conference, in the form of
a substitute for the amendments disagreed to; which
substitute was adopted by the Senate, allowing
nothing for constquential damages, but $15,900
in full satisfaction for all claim against the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. ARCHER desired to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill making appropriation to satisfy
the stipulations of the Ashburton treaty.
Mr. BENTON said that bill could be disposed
of to-morrow. He therefore moved an adjourn-
ment; which motion was disagreed to on yeas and
nays—yeas 7, nays 21.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Weaver and
Jacob Hejberger, sureties of the Norristown and
Valley Railroad Company, was taken up tts in
committee of the whole.
Mr. PORTER moved to amend the bill by add-
ing, as an additional section thereto, the Senate
bill to remit duties on railroad iron, on certain con-
ditions.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that the bill be passed
over informally; for he bad no doubt that the
amendment proposed would lead to debate.
Mr. WALKER hoped that the bill would not be
passed over. He thought that the Senate would
readily see the impropriety of amending a private
bill, which was just in itself, by a general bill in-
volving a great principle, and which would require
a great deal of discussion before it could be dis-
posed of.
Mr. PORTER made some remarks in justifica-
tion of his course, and on the propriety of passing
this bill, which merely gave further time to the
railroad companies to import railroad iron free of
duty. He thought it was germane to the bill be-
fore the Senate. He hoped the Senate would take
a vote upon it, and indulge him with th« yeas and
nays on the amendment.
Mr. CONRAD- said that the bill was analogous
to the bill which was proposed to be amended;
and, if it was passed, would tend to cheapen the
transportation of the mail on railroads.
Mr. WALKER said it was vain and nugatory
to send such a bill to the House, when it was
known that that body bad rejected the bill to remit
duties in favor of the Petersburg Railroad Com-
pany.
Messrs. WRIGHT and ARCHER suggested
that the bill should be passed over informally.
This suggestion was acquiesced in by the Senate.
The bill in relaiion to Ihe exemplification of
the records of land patents, and other evidences
of title, and amendatory of the act entitled "An
act to reorganize the General Land Office," was
taken up as in committee of the whole, on an
amendment of the Committee on Public Lands,
proposing (as it was understood by the reporter) to
transfer the duties now performed by the secretary
to the President, in sigmsg patents, to the Recorder
to the Land Office. This amendment led to dis-
cussion, in which Messrs. McROBERTS and
WALKER participated in opposition to the amend-
ment, and Mr. SMITH of Indiana in favor of it.
The bill was, however, passed over informally till
to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which lies one day on the table, under the
rule, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States cause to
be investigated by the judges of the superior courts of Florida,
in their respective districts, all losses of property suffered by
the inhabitants of ?aid Territory, in consequence ofthe Semi-
nole hostilities since the commencement thereof, in the year
1835; and that the testimony and opinions of said judges in such
case be reported to this body when completed: Provided, That
any expenses attending the investigation be provided for, and
paid by, the said Territory of Florida.
Mr. HUNTINGTON gave notice that he should,
on to-morrow, move the Senate, at the hour of two
o'clock, to proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. MOREHEAD, on lsave, introduced a joint
resolution to authorize the translation of a pamph-
let in the Navy Dfpartment, on the culture and
preparation of hemp; which was read twire.
Mr. M. remarked that this pamphlet (which was
in the Russian language) was upon a subject of
great interest to the people of Kentucky; and ask-
ed that the resolution might now be passed.
Mr. WRIGHT did not object to such coarse,
but thought that, Cnngress having provided agents
to go to Kentucky and inspect and purchase hemp,
it was as little as the great hemp-growing inter-
est could do to pay the small sum which would be
required to pay for translating this pamphlet.
Mr. WILLIAMS objected to its consideration;
when,
On motion by Mr. SIMMONS,
The Senate adjourned.
