CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
373
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 1, 1843.
The House met this morning at 10 o'clock.
Mr. WEST BROOK presented the petition of citi-
zens ofMauch Chunk, Pennsylvania, for the issu-
ing $800,000,000 of stock, to be distributed among
the States and Territories, and District of Colum-
bia.
AMOS KENDALL.
Mr. LITTLEFIELD presented !o the House
the following resolutions of the Legislature of
Maint:
Resolved, That while it is the duty of a free Government to
Srotect the people from injustice and oppression, it is also
3mid to sustain and defend us officers ana agents in an honest,
firm, and rigid discharge of their duties and trusts. That while
ai! infringement of the laws should be visited with merited pun-
ishment, reparation ofinjuries incurred in the conscientious and
impartial performance of their official functions should be
prompt ana complete,
Reeolved, That, in the execution of his duties as Postmaster
General of the United States, the honorable Amos Kendall
evinced not only talents of the highest order, but unswerving
and unpurchasable integrity; exalted and disinterested patriot-
ism; never-tiring industry and zeal for the public weal; and
eagle-eyed watchfulness of peculators and swindlers, which
hare never been surpassed in the history of the Government,
and entitle him to the gratitude of the nation.
Resolved, That in resisting what he deemed to be an un-
just and exorbitant claim upon the Post Office Department,
for which he is now incarcerated within the jail limits of the
city of Washington, Mr. Kendall acted with a single eye to the
public good, and with a deep sense of an imperative duty as a
public servant.
Resolved* That the rank injustice of suffering a public ser-
vant, thus meritorious, to be placed in durance—not for any
defalcation or misconduct, but on account of his fidelity to the
Government—is a stain upon the national honor, which, as far
as it can be done by Congress, should be speedily erased.
Rekbhed^ That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and
our Representatives requested, to exert all fair and honorable
means to have thejudgment on which the Hon. Amos Kendall
is now imprisoned, for withholding his official sanction to the
claim of Stockton Sc Stokes on the Post Office Department,
cancelled by the Treasurer of the United States;Tand also to have
the said Kendall allowed and paid, from the public treasury,
the costs and expenses incurred by him in defending the suit of
the eaid Stockton & Stokes against him, together with such fur-
ther sum for damages, by reason of said suit and imprisonment,
as maybe a full remuneration therefor
JResolv&di That a copy of these resolutions be transmitted,
by the Governor, to each of the Senators and Representatives
in Congress from this State, and to the President of the Senate
and Speaker of the House of Representatives of the United
States.
In the Housa of Representatives. February 20, 1843.
Read, and passed.
DAVID DUNN, Speaker.
In Senate, February 21, 1843.
Read, and passed.
EDWARD KAVaNAGH, President.
February 21,1843. Approved:
JOHN FAIRFIELD.
Mr. DAVIS of New York also presented reso-
lutions of the Legislature of New York, instructing
the Senators and requesting the Representatives
from that State in the Congress of the United Slates,
to use their exertions to procure, if possible, at the
present session of Congress, the passage of a law
entirely relieving Amos Kendall from all and every
personal responsibility and damage in consequence
of a certain judgment against him in favor of
Stockton & Stokes, for certain of his official acts
while Postmaster General of the United States. The
resolution was laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. BARNARD, the follow-
ing resolution was adopted:
Resolvtd That the Secretary of War be requested to cause
a plan and estimates to be prepared at the topographical bu-
reau, or otherwise within his department, and laid before Con*
gresa at the next session, for a room or apartment in the Capi-
tol, or to be added thereto, for the better accommodation of the
sittings of the House of Representatives.
Mr. BARNARD also presented a communica-
tion from the authorities of the city of Albany, in
relation to the condition of the navigation of ths
Hudson river.
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS, from a committee, re-
ported Senate bill declaring Robbinston, in the
State of Maine, a port of delivery.
Mr. BIRDSEYK, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report upon
ths petition of Ellen Duval, in behalf of her late
husband, E. W. Duval; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. CHILDS, from the Committee on Com-
njerce, reported a bill for the relief of John H.
Hodges, of Baltimore; which wa? read twice, and
committed.
SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were read
twice, and referred:
An act for the relief of Duncan L. Clinch.
An act declaring Robbinston, in the State of
Maine, to be a port of entry.
An act to settle the title to the Pea Patch island,
in the river Delaware.
An act for the relief of Mary W. Thompson,
widow of the late Lieutenant Colonel Thompson,
of the army of the United States.
An act for the relief of Nancy Polereesky.
An act for the relief of Daniel G. Skinner, of
Alabama.
An act for the relief of John R. Williams.
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was -referred the bill from
ihe Senate, entitled "An act to apply certain alter-
nate sections of the public domain toward the com-
pletion of works of internal improvement in the
State of Michigan, and for other purposes," report-
ed the same without amendment.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House took up the bill entitled "Aa act
making appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with the various Indian tribes, for the
half-calendar year beginning the 1st day of Janu-
ary, and ending the 30th day of June, 1843; and for
the fiscal year, beginning the 1st clay of July, 1843,
and ending the 30th day of June, 1844;" which
bad come from the Senate wi;h certain amend-
ments. The amendment were concurred in.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting,
in compliance with a resolution of the Hcuse of
the 28th day of June, 1842, a report respecting
fines, penalties, and forfeitures received and re-
tained by collectors and other officers of the rev-
enue.
Also, a report from the Secretary of State,
which, with the documents accompanying it, fur-
nish the information requested by the resolution of
the 18th February, which called for any corre-
spondence between the representatives of foreign
governments and the United States in relation to
the operation of ths present tariff laws or treaties
existing with foreign governments.
CLERKS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a memo-
rial from Noah Fletcher, a clerk of eighteen years
standing in the office of the Clerk of the House,
who has discharged the duties of engrossing and
enrolling clerk, praying for an inquiry, by a select
committee, into his services, th&t he may re-
ceive payment for the present session of Con-
gress, &c.
Mr. McKENNAN moved that he be paid for
his services for the present session; and that he
be continued in the employment of the House.
After a few words from Mr. HOPKINS, Mr.
UNDERWOOD, and others,
Mr. W. SMITH moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked for the yeas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table. They
were not ordered.
Mr. SAUNDERS called for tellers on the yeas
and nays. They were not ordered.
Tellers (Messrs. Smith and McKennan) were
ordered on the motion to lay on the table; who re-
ported—ayes 34, noes 88.
So the House refused to lay the resolution oa
the table.
Mr. MERIWETHER rose, and inquired wheth-
er it would be in order to move to dismiss Matthew
St. Clair Clarke, as Clerk of the House.
The SPEAKER said, no.
Mr. BABCOCK called for a division of the ques-
tion on the resolution.
The question was taken on the first part—by
which authority is given to pay Mr. Fletcher for
his services as clerk this ssKion. It was agreed
to.
Mr. HOPKINS called for the yea? and na>s
upon the second division of the resolution—by
which authority is given to continue the said clerk
(Fletcher) in office. They were ordered.
On taking the vote, the result was—yeas 64,
nays 67.
So the House determined that Mr. Noah Fletcher
shall not be continued in office.
Mr. SUMMERS rose and moved to reconsider
the vote just taken, and took the occasion to make
a statement in reference to the action of the Clerk
of the House cn the resolutions to reduce the force
of hi? office. In the course of his remarks, he
read extracts from the depositions of one of the
clerks, (Mr. Fletcher,) and one of the messengers.,
(Mr. Brown,) showing that they had never been
turned out of office.
Mr. BRIGGSmade a stemement, in explanation,
in behalf of the Clerk; after which,
Mr. SUMMERS withdrew his motion.
Mr. KE1M offered a resolution that Mr. King-
man, one of the superseded cieik*, should be placed
on the same footing with Mr. Fletcher, by being
paid for his services during the session; which
resolution was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the bill making
appropriation for fortifications, as amended by the
Senate, was taken up, and the amendments con-
curred in.
Mr. KING of Georgia moved to take op the
message of the Senate asking a committee of con-
ference- on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
to the amendment to the bill for the relief of
James S. Calhoun; which motion was agreed to,
and a committee of conference was appointed on
the part of the House.
On motion by Mr. WISE, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. McClellan, of New York,
in the chair.)
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WISE moved that the committee take up
the bill making appropriations for the naval ser-
vice for the half calendar and the fiscal year, ter-
minating on the 30th of June, 1844, which had
come from the Senate, with some amendments.
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved that the commit-
tee take up the two joint resolutions introduced
from the Library Committee; the one in relation
to the statue of Washington by Greenough, and the
other in relation to Gordon's Digest.
The motion of the gentleman from Virginia wa*
agreed to.
The first amendment of the Senate was one by
which they struck out the provision of the House,
that the head of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing should hereafter be a captain in the navy,
Mr. MALLORY defended the provision of the
Hoase which the Senate had stricken out; and coil-
tended that, to pay a civilian while so many cap-
tains were unemployed, was a waste of expendi-
ture which ought to be retrenched.
Mr. BURN ELL also addressed the House oa
the amendment.
Mr. C. BROWN also defended the provision of
the House, and contended that captains in th«
navy were bettar adapted for the office in question
than a clerk in one of the departments at Wash-
ington. Captains in the navy would have more
sympathy with the sailors, and take better care that
they were not wronged.
Mr. KING was desirous of offering an amend-
ment by which he proposed to substitute a purser
for a captain as the head of this bureau.
The CHAIRMAN decided that the amendment
was not now in order.
Mr. WISE addressed the committee in defence
of the present head of this bureau; and read a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Navy addressed to
Mr. Evans of the Senate on that subject.
Some conversation took place upon points of or-
der; after which,
Mr. REYNOLDS rose, and addressed the com-
mittee in opposition to the amendment of the Sen-
ate. He contended that a captain was a proper
officer to be placed at the head of the Bureau of
Blothing, instead of a civilian, as Mr. Goldsbo-
rough. He urged that, by employing an officer
of the navy, (and there were many "waiting or-
ders,") there would be a saving of $3,000 per
annum to the Government. Though a small sum,
he thought that everything should be saved which
it was in the power of Congress to prevent beirg
expended, without absolute injury to the service.
Mr. McKENNAN hoped that gentlemen
