874
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would confine themselves strictly to the question
before the committee. He then went into a de-
fence of tko propriety of continuing the office of
head of the Bureau of Precisions and Clothing in
the hands of a civilian. The duties of the office
should be filled by a mercantile, and not a mili-
tary man.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON urged the expediency
and economy of placing the office in the hands of
an officer of the navy. He replied to the gentle-
man who had eulogized Mr. Goldsborough, and
said that ail the abases in the department grew up
under the administration of the Navy Board, of
which Mr. Goldsborough was the secretary. He
preferred to have a purser at the bead of the Bu-
reau of Clothing; but, rather than have a civilian,
at additional expense to the Government, he was
willing to take a post-captain.
Mr. EVERETT thought that the House had
acted unwisely in adopting the proviso, and that
they ought now to adopt the amendment of the
Senate. He thought a greater saving would be
effected by retaining in this office a man of busi-
ness and an accountant, rather than a naval cap-
tain, than the whole pay ef that officer.
Mr. GWIN wished to inquire of the chairman
cf the Committee on Naval Affairs, [Mr. Wis®,]
whether Mr. Goldsborough contracted for the fuel
used by the steam-ships that have been laid up,
o« ing to the enormous expenses incurred in keep-
ing them afloat.
Mr. WISE said he did not know. He supposed
not.
Mr. GWIN was anxious to ascertain this fact,
and who was responsible for these contracts; for
he believed that outrageous abuses had been com-
milted m supplying this fuel. He had offered a
resolution, six or seven weeks ago, calling upon
the Siereiary of the Navy for information in
regard to these contracts and purchases. That
resolution remains unanswered to this day. He
ihooght the Secretary would be more appropriately
employed in giving the House important informa-
tion thus called for, instead of reading us lectures
on our legislative action. He must say that the
letter just lead by the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wm.] ib which the Secretary characterizes
our action as absurd, was impertinent—to say the
least of it.
Mr. WISE said that the gentleman was entirely
mistaken in his construction of the Secretary's re-
marks. Htf would read what he had faid, and let
the House decide whether the gentleman had done
the Secretary justice.
Mr. GWIN said that the committee must per-
■xmvc, from the extract of the letter read by the gen-
tleman from Virginia, that he had done the Secre-
tary no injustice. |He says it is absurd to suppose
that a captain in the navy can perform the service
sow required of Mr. Goldsborough by virtue of
his office. This House passed a proviso to this
bill, requiring this service to be performed by a
captain of ihe navy; and hence our action is char-
acterized by the Secretary as absurd. He was not
disposed to silently receive lectures from any de-
pariment of the Government for our action, for
-.vhich we are responsible to the country. He be-
lieved this proviso was proper and legitimate, and
iie hoped the House would adhere to it. These
duties, he believed, were now performed by sub-
ordinate officers of the navy—samples only of the
article ts be bought being submitted to the head of
the bureau, who had no knowledge, except through
these officers, whether the article proposed to be
sold corresponded with the sample.
He hoptd that, before this House adjourned,
an answer would be received to his resolution, sent
to the Secretary six weeks ago. He believed that
there has been a most wasteful expenditure of the
public, money in purchasing fuel for these steam-
f-tups, and he hoped the Secretary would not with-
held the information asked for.
Mr. WISE. Where were these purchases made?
Mr. GWIN'. At Pensacola; where, he under-
stood, fifteen dollars a ton had been paid for a
large amount of coal not worth five dollars per
ton. The gtnlleman from Georgia [Mr. Kino]
had stated to this House that this coal was useless
rs to the purpose for which it was purchased. He
was in favor of putting ihe most rigid restrictions
upon the expenditures of this department, which
had swelled to such an enormous amount.
Mr. MALLORY said he would appeal to the
House to maintain its own rights against the Sec-
retary of the Navy, or anybody else that would say
that its action had been absurd. He moved the
proviso which the Senate's amendment proposed to
strike out; and, if time was allowed him, he could
demonstrate that the notions of the Secretary, and
not his, were absurd. What did the Secretary of
the Navy know abont Mr. Goldsborough? He
recollected what occurred in the committee, and
the proposition of tlie department to make an ex-
travagant appropriation for this bureau, and the
committee's cutting it down to $17,000. There
was no place in the bill, as reported by the com-
mittee, for Mr. Goldsborough; and he never dream-
ed, when he voted for it, that this gentleman would
have been placed at the head of one of the bureaux.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McKen-
nan] had talked about the mercantile knowledge
of Mr. Goldsborough, and his knowledge of the va-
rious and complicated accounts of the Navy De-
partment. Now, this gentleman came to the com-
mittee with a bundle of papers to show that the
Navy Department bad no accounts at all. Why
all this confusion in the accounts of the depart-
ment, abont which they had heard so much, grew
up during the administration of this Mr. Goldsbor-
ough. What did they now see? Why, the offi-
cers of the navy, at the different stations, pur-
chasing provisions and clothing, and receiving
their orders from this man, lolling at his ease in
one of Ihe highest departments of the Government
here at Washington. All the orders to officers of
the navy should emanate from one of superior
grade; and the adherence to this principle rvas one
of the best modes of keeping up discipline. He
had no idea, as one of the Naval Committee, that
this gentleman would ever have been placed at the
head of a bureau. He thought a captain should
be placed at the head of it; and, if that could not be
done, a purser would do as well.
Mr. HOLMES regretted that, upon a question
whieh concerned one of the most important branch-
es of our national defence, appeals similar to that
of his friend from Mississippi and his friend from
Virginia, [Messrs. Gwin and Mallory,] should
be made to their passions, when they should take
counsel of their reason. He called upon the
House not to be influenced by appeals such as
these. The Secretary of the Navy was a logician,
and had, in his letter, merely intended what was
called a reductia ad absiirdum, without putting it in
logical form; but, at the same time, intending no
offence to the House.
Mr. McKENNAN expressed the opinion that
the debate was continued long enough; and he
rose to make a motion that the committee rise, in
order that he might submit a resolution fixing a
time on which the debate should terminate. Mr.
McK., however, withdrew his motion at the re-
quest of
Mr. KING of Georgia, at whose instance the
third section of the original bill was read, in order
to bear out the statement he had made.
Mr. FILLMORE did not object to the motion for
the committee to rise; but he wished some part of
the discussion to be allotted to the subject of the
dry-docks at Brooklyn and Pensacola, ra'her than
that the whole time should be taken tip in discuss-
ing tbefe two appointments; for, after all, these
abuses could not be remedied by legislation, but
must be left to ihe discretion of the departments.
Mr. McKENNAN renewed his motion that the
committee rise.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL endeavored to obtain
the floor; but the Chair decided that the motion of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania was first in or-
der.
The question was then taken on McKennan's
motion, and it was negatived—ayes 54, noes 74.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL then offered an amend-
ment to the amendment, as follows: "Provided,
That no part of this appropriation shall be applied
to the support of a squadron to be kept on the coast
of Africa." Mr. I said that this amendment was
offered for the purpose—which he trusted would not
be denied by the House—of enabling a respectable
and considerable minority in that House to express
their views on the subject of that part of the late
treaty to which it referred.
Mr. FILLMORE raised the point of order, that
the amendment bad no relevance to the proviso it
proposed to amend.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL said that he bad not
been in the habit of trespassing on the time of the
House, and he therefore hoped that some oppor-
tunity would be allowed him of explaining his
views in relation to the important bill that vtas
passed yesterday. A large minority had been
compelled to vote on that—certainly one of the most
important questions of the session, without the op-
portunity to say one word except the solitary No.
It was not his intention to take up the time of the
House by entering at length into the subject; but
he wished merely, in vindication of himself, and
those who thought with him, to explain the reasons
why he could not approve cf the late treaty.
Mr. WISE raised the point of order, that the re-
marks of the gentleman were not relevant to the
subject before the committee.
The CHAIR decided that the remarks of the
gentleman were not in order.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL asked if he was to un-
derstand the Chair that, on a naval appropriation
bill, and in Committee of the Whole, it was not in.
order for him to discuss any portion of the bill.
The CHAIR said that it would be in order to
discuss any part of the bill, but not to discuss the
treaty. There were other amendments, to which
it would be in order for the gentleman to attach his
amendment.
Mr. STANLY offered an amendment, providing
that all provisions and cloihing of every kind for
the navy should hereafter be furnished by contract
to the lowest bidder, after advertisements for sealed
proposals in the public papers, &e.; but, at the
suggestion of several gentlemen, withdrew the.
amendment, with the intention of offering it at
another staee of the bill.
Mr. WISE stated his point of order against the
admissibility of the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly;] and, after a
few words frosi Messrs. WISE, STANLY, FES-
SENDEN, and others,
Mr. STANLY withdrew his amendment.
Tellers were then called for, on the question of
concurring in the amendment of the Senate; and
Messrs. Mallory and Atheeton were appointed;
and they reported 52 in the affirmative, and 83 in
the negative.
The third, fourth, and fifth amendments of the
Senate were then concurred in.
The sixth amendment of the Senate struck out
the proviso of the House, by which it was required
that the head of the Bureau of Surgery and Medi-
cine should have seen a certain number of years
sea service.
Mr. WISE addressed the committee on this
amendment, objecting to "legislating men out of
office;" and contending that sea service was not
the best school to fit a man to discharge the duties
of the head of this bureau.
Mr. T. J. YORKE, as the chairman of the Se-
lect Committee on the Expenditures of the Navy
Department, made some observations (as was un-
derstood) in behalf of Dr. Barton, the present head
of the Bureau of Surgery and Medicine, of whose
worth he had had an opportunity to form an opin-
ion whi'e in discharge of his duty as a member of
the select committee; but he spoke in so low a tone
of voice, that his observations were not distinctly
heard.
Mr. A. H. H. STUART rose and stated that it
was due to Dr. Barton that he should explain the
result of the investigation which he had made into
the expenditures of Dr. Barton's bureau. He
went there, having no acquaintance with him, and
with a previous prejudice against him, which was
not removed by (he Doctor's eccentric manners.
He now believed that he was a good officer, and
had introduced a good system. He referred to the
abuses which existed in the surgical department of
the navy, and instanced the Florida squadron, com-
