CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
375
posed of fire or six small vessels, and six hun-
dred men; which, during eight months, cost $2,076
for liquors alone for the sick. For filling an ice-
house with one hundred tons of ice, $1,000 was
paid; $500 for the freight of the ice, and $125 for
the chaff which was put around it, to keep it from
melting. In some cases, $4 a gallon was paid fer
milk; $12 a dozen for fowls. For sheep for the
sick, $1,200 was paid. Not a dollar appeared as
credited to the hospital fund, although such large
expenditures were made for hospital stores. Dr.
Barton's system removed abuses. His liquor cir-
cular, which had offended the navy officers, was
merely a premonitory circular posted on the liquor
cases, telling the officers to use the liquors with
moderation. Dr. Barton required the surgeons to
give receipts for all stores carried to sea, and ac-
count for them in the proper manner.
He eulogised Dr. Barton at some length, and
concluded by expressing the hope that he would be
retained as an honor and an ornament to the naval
service, and as a man whose very independence
of character had made him enemies.
Mr. FESSENDEN opposed the amendment of
the Senate, and sent to the Clerk's table, to be
read, a portion of Dr. Barton's report, for the pur-
pose of proving that his style was unintelligible,
and without meaning. He said he had no feeling
against Dr. Barton, nor any care about him—not
even being acquainted with bim by sight.
After some further remarks from Mr. Fessen-
dxh—
Mr. MORGAN addressed the committee in sup-
port of the amendment of the Senate, and in de-
fence of Dr. Barton, whom he characterized as
one of the most faithful and intelligent officers in
the service of the Government. The Doctor, he
said, bad introduced a system and order in his bu-
reau, which would in future prevent the frauds and
abuses in the medical department which had been
so loudly complained of; and he highly commend-
ed the gentleman for the facilities he had afforded
to the committee in ferreting out and exposing those
abuses. He held in his hand a bill of the particu-
lars of the medicines furnished to the little Florida
squadron under the command of Lieut. J. T. Mc-
Laughlin, which consumed, in eight months, one
half of ihe large appropriation for the medical ser-
vice of the navy for the year—say nearly $16,000.
Among these, were to be found six bottles of cham-
pagne, $5; (Champagne for the sick!) port wine, 28
galls, and 4 bottles, $338; 15 galls, and 160 bottles
of madeira, $256; claret, 7 boxes 7 galls., $575;
12 galls, of gin and 14 jugs, $55; whiskey, $32;
Newark cider, $66; brown stout, $248; porier,
$530; ale, $228; bitters, $1 50—making, in all,
over $2,000 for liquor salone, for only eight months.
Such were the facilities afforded by Dr. Barton to
the committee, that they were able to expose ail
those abuses. For these reasons, he should vote
for the continuance of this officer; and he thought
the country indebted to him for the reform he had
introduced in his department.
Mr. MALLORY made some remarks in oppo-
sition to the amendment, and in censure of Dr.
Barton; and read one of his circulars to show the
confused and unintelligible manner in which he
wrote.
Mr. WISE replied, and produced a letter from
Commodore Decatur, in which Dr. Barton's quali-
fications were spoken of in the highest terms.
Mr. JOS. R. 1NGERSOLL made a few re-
marks testifying to the high qualities of Dr. B. as
a medical man, and the value of his services.
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
rise, for the purpose of offering a resolution fixing
on a time for taking the bill out of committee;
which motion was agreed to, and the committee
rose and reported progress.
Mr. FILLMORE offered a joint resolution, sus-
pending the 16th joint rule, which prohibits the
sending bills from one House to the other on the
last three days of the session.
Mr. WELLER objected; and asked for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. FILLMORE said that it was indispensable
that the rule should be suspended, in order to pass
several bills.
Mr. WELLER said, that whenever the particu-
lar case occurred, in which it became necessary to
suspend the rale, it could be done for that case.
Mr. FILLMORE said that the rule requiring a
vote of two-thirds did not apply to the 16 h joint
rule.
The CHAIR said that was tree; but the resolu-
tion itself, to suspend the rule, could not be receiv-
ed without a suspension of the rules.
Mr. FILLMORE then moved a suspension of
the rules.
ftS r. PICKENS hoped the gentleman from New
York would specify the bills he wished to suspend
the rules for. The object of the joint rule was to
prevent hasty and imperfect legislation; and if
they suspended the rule indefinitely, it would pro-
duce the very evil the 16th joint rule was intended
to prevent.
The SPEAKER said that, by a reference to the
precedents on this subject, he found ihat a majority
only was necessary to suspend this joint rule.
Mr. WELLER inquired if the resolution itself
was in order, without a suspension of the rules of
the House.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not, if any
gentleman objected.
Mr. WELLER said that he objected when the
resolution was first offered.
Mr. C. BROWN called upon the gentleman
from New York to say for the transmission of what
bills he wished the rule suspended.
Mr. FILLMORE said it was impossible to say
what bills the House might pass during the day.
The SPEAKER then explained to the gentleman
from New York, that, as the reception of the reso-
lution was objected to, it would require a majority
of two-thirds to get it before the House.
Mr. FILLMORE moved a suspension, neverthe-
less, for ihis dav only.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
"and ibey were ordered; and, being taken,resulted—
yeas 89, nays 70.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. FILLMORE moved a resolution to termi-
nate debate on this bill in Committee of the Whole
at fifteen minutes past 3 o'clock.
[Cries of "Oh, say 3 o'clock." It was now ten
minutes to 3 o'clock ]
The resolution, as origiaally proposed, was
agreed to; and the House again resolved itself inio
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. R. McClellais- in
the chair.)
Mr. GORDON resumed the debate in Committee
of the Whole, by observing that, some days ago, he
made a short speech on this bill, and in advocacy
of general reforms in the navy; and he took occa-
sion to charge abuses ia relation to the stores
of ships; but, on that occasion, the gentleman
from Virginia denied that there were any such
abuses.
Mr. WISE denied that he had done so.
Mr. GORDON congratulated the gentleman on
a change of sentiment on that subject.
Mr. WISE denied that he had changed his
ground.
Mr. GORDON continued, and commented on
the convenient manner in which some gentlemen
one day denied that any abuses existed; and on
another day, when it was necessary to sustain
a particular officer in the navy, took different
ground.
There was one position assumed by the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] which he could
not approve of. It was that where he contended
that sea-service was not a good school for a sur-
geon in ihe navy. It was,in his opinion, a schooi—
a practical school—where a knowledge of diseases
and of climates could best be acquired. Diseases,
as all knew, differed as climates differed; and
there should, in his opinion, be a man at the bead
of the Medical Bureau acquainted with endemical
diseases. No man who filled the station of head
of the Bureau of Surgery could possibly be any the
worse off for having been at sea. He was glad to
see that the gentleman from Virginia was disposed
to abandon the ground assumed on a former occa-
sion, and now came forward, for the purpose of
saving an officer, to testify to the existence of
abuses in the department.
Mr. WISE remarked that he would say to the
gentleman from New York, that he was mistaken
if he supposed he bad changed his ground. Did
he understand the gentleman to say that he had
changed his ground in order to save a particular
man?
Mr. GORDON said he did not make such a.
charge against the gentleman. What he had in-
tended to express was, that the gentleman, although
he had heretofore always defended the schemes of
the Secretary of the Navy, yet, on the present oc-
casion, when the merits of Dr. Barton were under
discussion, he departed from his usual position,
and admitted that there were abuses in the Navy
Department.
Mr. WISE said he had, on a former occasion,
when the gentleman charged that the officers of the
navy had provided for their dinners out of the
public stores, declared that the charge was without
proof, and defied the gentleman to the proof. If
the gentleman had then said that there were abuses
in the application of the hospital fund, fee should
have expressed bis concurrence in the sentiment
Mr. GORDON said he did charge that the offi-
cers gave dinners and entertainment to foreign
princes and grandees out of the public stores. He
now repeated that charge. He wished to know
what became of all the wine which was put on
board of our ships, unless it was used by the offi-
cers at their entertainments? Would the gentle-
man undertake to say that wine out of the public
stores was not used at these entertainments?
He should be willing to go against the proviso,
and to save Barton, if he were satisfied that Dr.
Barton were a man of sound common sense. He
had evidence that Dr. B. had introduced many
useful reforms, and was, in some respects, a good
officer. He did not always judge by a man's style;
but Dr. B. was certainly very queer. TAere was
more of fancy and moonshine than of common
sense in his communications. He had no doubt
that the Doctor would make a very good poet; and
should he turn his attention to literature, instead
of hard practical service, would acquire some fame.
After a few more remarks, he concluded.
Mr. FILLMORE made a few remarks on the
subject of docks, and explained the objecis of the
amendment proposed in relation to the contem-
plated dry docks at Brooklyn and at Pensacola.
He expressed the opinion that we had not yet ex-
perience enough to justify the erection of a floating
dry-dock on any plan.
The time being out, the committee proceeded
to vote.
The question was first taken on concurring with
the Senate in their rejection of the proviso exclu-
ding any person from the post of head of the Bu-
reau of Medicine who had not seen five years sea-
service; ("Barton or no Barton,") and resulted—
yeas 90, nays 35.
So the committee agreed to retain Dr. Barton ia
office.
DRY-DOCKS.
The question next recurred on the amendments
of the Committee on Naval Affairs to the amende
ments of the Senate in relation to dry-docks.
The Senate proposed to insert a clause declaring
that—
The Secretary of the Navy ia hereby directed not to apply
or expend any part of the appropriation of one hundred thou-
sand dollars, mentioned m the ninth clause of an act ofCongreefi
approved on the fourth day of August, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-two, entitled "An act making appropriations
for the naval service for the year one thousand eight hundred
and forty-two," nor the unexpended balances of former appro-
priations mentioned in said act, for the construction of a floating
dock at Brooklyn, or in the harbor of New York; and this shaft
not be understood as reviving or conferring any authority to pro-
ceed with the construction of a dry-dock in said harbor, the
making of which was provisionally suspended by the said ninth,
clause of said act; but the said sum of one hundred thousand dol-
lars, appropriated as above mentioned, shall be applied to the
construction of a floating dockat Pensacola, of capacity for the
repair of frigates of the smaller class, aad upon such plan as the
Secretary of the Navy shall approve.
The Committee on Naval Affairs recommended
a non-concurrence in this amendment; and that ail
of the same after the word "directed" be stricken
out, and the following inserted in lieu thereof:
To apply the appropriation mentioned in the ninth clause of
an act of Congress, approved on the fourth day of August, one
thousand eight hundr&d and forty-two, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year one thousanu
eight hundred and forty-two," and the unexpended balances of
former appropriations mentioned in said act, to the construction
