376
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
of a floating dock at Breoklyn, New York, upon the plan pre-
ferred by the commissioners appointed for that purpose; and
that the sum of one hundred thousand dollars be, and is hereby,
appropriated for the construction of a floating-dock at Pensa-
cota, of capacity for the repair of frigates of the smaller class,
upon such plan as the Secretary of the Navy shall approve.
Messrs. J. L. WHITE and McKEON offered
amendments to (he Senate's amendment! which
were severally rejected, and copies of which could
not be obtained.
Mr. ROOSEVELT offered an amendment, the
effect of which was to insert $100,000 for a float-
ing-dock at Pensacola, and to leave the appro-
priations for the dry-dock at Brooklyn on the same
footing upon which they were placed by the act of
last session.
The question was then taken on Mr. Roosevelt's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The question was thea taken on concurring in the
amendment reported by the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and decided in the negative.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
amendment of the Senate,and it was decided in the
affirmative—ayes 75, noes 68.
The question coming up on the amendment of
the Senate, appropriating $5,000 for defraying the
expenses of an agent authorized by the joint reso-
lution of January, 1843—
Mr. STANLY offered an amendment to it, pro-
viding that the provisions, clothing, &c., of the navy
shall be furnished upon contract, to the highest bid-
der, after advertisement for sealed proposals in the
public papers.
Mr. PARMENTER offered a verbal amend-
ment, which was accepted as a modification by
Mr. Stahlt.
The committee then rose, and reported the bill to
the House.
Some conversation ensued between Messrs.
FILLMORE, TILLINGHAST, WISE, FERRIS,
and others, respecting the Brooklyn dry and float-
ing-dock question; which was ultimately termina-
ted by the previous question.
The report of the Committee of the Whole on
the first amendment was concurred in.
On the second amendment, in relation to the Bu-
reau of Provisions and Clothing, the question was
put in the affirmative form, on a concurrence with
the amendment ot the Senate; and the vote—taken
by Messrs. Medicl and T. J. Campbell, as tell-
ers—was 72 in the affirmative, and 66 in the nega-
ative. The effect of this vote is to leave this bu-
reau as at present organized.
The third, fourth, and fifth amendments were
concurred in.
The question was then taken on agreeing to the
report of the Committee of the Whole, recom-
mending a concurrence in the amendment of the
Senate on the subject of the instructions in relation
to dry-docks.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the result
was—yeas 85, nays 89.
So the House refused to concur.
The next amendment of the Senate (verbal) was
concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate providing for an
agent on the subject of water-rotted hemp, was also
concurred in.
The bill was then returned to the Senate, and
will there await the determination of that body to
adhere or recede.
NAVY PENSIONS.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the House took
up the bill making appropriations for navy pen-
sions, and concurred in the amendment of the Sen-
ate thereto.
The report of the Conference Committee on the
disagreement in relation to the bill for the relief of
James S. Calhoun, was taken up, and agreed to.
At 5 o'clock, Mr. WELLER moved an adjourn-
ment: carried.
IN SENATE.
Thdrsday, March 2, 1843.
The reading of the journal having been dis-
pensed with, the following engrossed bills were
read the third time, and passed, viz:
House bill for the relief of Garret Vleit; and
House bill entitled "An act for the relief of the
heirs, or the assignees of the heirs, of Isaac Todd
and James MoGill."
The PRESIDENT pro tew,, laid befure the Sen-
ate a communication irom the Navy Department,
giving information that letters had been received
from the American minister at the court of St.
Petersburg, and from the American consul at
Odessa, transmitting documents in the Russian
language on the subject of the cultivation and
preparation of hemp; which, on motion of Mr..
YOUNG, was ordered to lie on the table.
Also, iaid before the Senate a communication
from the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice and the Register of the Treasury, transmitting,
in compliance with resolutions of the Senate of the
18ih instant, a statement of the total amount of the
two per cent, fund arising from the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands in the State of Ohio;
and a statement of the entire cost of the Cumber-
land road, &c.; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented joint resolutions of
the Legislature of New York, on the subject of the
imprisonment of Mr. Kendall, under the judgment
obtained by Messrs. Stockton & Stokes against
him. Mr. W. said that, inasmuch as a bill had
already passed on the subject of these resolutions,
he would merely move that they be laid on the
table: agreed to.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, leave was grant-
ed to Elisha Ketchum to withdraw his petition and
papers from the files.
On motion by Mr. YOUNG, the same privilege
was granted to John Dowling.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the fame privilege
was granted to the heirs and legal representatives
of Julian Bugue, and the sureties of Thomas
Hempstead.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back, without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do pass, the joint
resolution from the House, to provide for the pay-
ment of awards under a treaty with the Cherokee
Indians.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Claims,
reported back, without amendment, and with a rec-
ommendation lhat it do pass, ihe bill from the
House for ihe relief of Gamaliel E. Smith.
On motion by Mr. EYANS, at a subsequent part
of the day, the previous orders were postponed, and
the above bill was taken up as in committee of the
whole, considered, reported to the Senate, and
finally passed.
Mr. PHELPS, Irom the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, the bill for the
relief of George Naddle.
Mr. CHOATE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel H.
Thompson; which was read, and ordered to a sec-
ond reading.
Several adverse reports of the standing commit-
tees, on private claims, were taken up and concur-
red in by the Senate.
On motion by Mr. HUNTINGTON, the previ-
ous orders of the day were postponed, and the
House bill enliiled "An act to provide for the bet-
ter security of the lives of passengers on board of
-vessels propelled, in whole or in part, by steam,"
approved July 7,1838, was taken up, as in com-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. H. made some remarks on this bill, show-
ing the great importance of it to give better secu-
rity to the lives of persons travelling on steamboats.
It modified the law of 1938, so as to dispense with
the use of chains in the management of ihe tiller.
The amendments proposed by the Committee on
Commerce having been agreed to, the bill was
reported to the Senate, and finally passed.
On motion by Mr. KING, and by general con-
sent, the vote on the adoption of the amendments
of the Committee on Commerce on the above bill,
was reconsidered. The amendment of the com-
mittee, striking out the 8th section of (he bill
(which section makes provision for testing steam-
boat boilers) was then disagreed to, and the bill
was then passed as amended.
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following resolution;
which was agreed to, viz:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed to re-
ceive the report to be made by the Secretary of the Treasury,
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate of the 30th of
July, 1842, in relation to the public landi, in the recess of the
Senate; that the same be printed under his inspection; and that
one thousand copies, in addition to the usual number, be print-
ed for the use of the Senate, and distributed as other public
documents.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Walker on
yesterday, was taken up for consideration, and
read as follows, viz:
Resolved, That the President of the United States causa to
be investigated by chejudgesof the superior courts of Florida,
in their respective districts, all losses of property suffered by
the inhabitants of said Territory, in consequence of the Semi-
nole hostilities since the commencement thereof, in the year
1836; and that the testimony and opinions ofsaidjudg.es in such
case be reported to this body when completed: Provided,T-ha-i
any expenses attending the investigation be provided for, and
paid by, the said Territory of Florida.
Messrs. GRAHAM and BAYARD made some
remarks in opposition to the resolution, on the
ground that the President had no power to impoce
stich a duty on the judges; and that it would be
a constructive implication that Congress would
hereafter render satisfaction for the losses of prop-
erty there, regardless of the principles which had
regulated its past action.
Mr. WALKER differed with those Senators as
tp the construction which they bad placed on the
resolution. The power (be said) had been hereto-
fore exercised to instruct judges in such cases; and
the resolution did not, in the least degree, imply
any obligation on Congress to satisfy claims for
the losses of property there, without regard to the
circumstances, under which it was destroyed.
Mr. BUCHANAN moved to lay the resolution
on the table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, the bill for the
relief of Lyman N. Cook; which, on his motion,
was taken up and considered as in committee
of the whole, reported 10 the Senate, and finally
Mr. SEVIER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to ascer-
tain, and report at the next session of Congress, the value and
extent of the claims of the Western C'herokees upon the United
States, growing out of their treaty stipulations.
On motion by Mr. GRAHAM, the Committee
on Claims was discharged from the farther consid-
eration of the petition of the legal representatives
of Patrick Gray and George Mayo.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, without
amendment, the joint resolution from the House
authorizing the Postmaster General to settle with
J. & P. Voorbecs.
The bill for tise relief of Boyd Reilly, author-
izing i!ib Secretaries of War and Navy to allow him
compensation, not exceeding ten thousand dollars,
for the use of his vapor-bath in the army and
navy, was taken up for consideration, as in com-
mittee of the whole.
Mr. GRAHAM could not vote for an appro-
priation of $10,000 on an alleged invention. He
gave notice that he would call for the yeas and
nays on the passage of this bill.
Mr. MERRICK said the limitation was $10,000;
but the Secretary of War and Secretary of the
Navy might award only one or two thousand dol-
lars, if the invention was worth no mors.
Mr. YOUNG said the claim had increased
every time it had come up, and that had been four
or five times. He moved to amend the bill, by
striking out $10,000, and inserting $5,000.
Mr. MERRICK opposed tlie amendment; and
insisted that no one could tell the value of the in-
vention till the subject was investigated, as pro-
posed in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS urged that $5,000 would be
an ample sum for the limitation.
Mr. SEVIER a'ked if it was the same bill
which had passed the Senate so often before.
Mr. MERRICK said it was.
The question was taken on the amendment, and
it was adopted.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
read a third time.
On the question of the passage of the bill, Mr.
GRAHAM called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN said he would vote for the bill, be-
cause the public service bad been enjoying the ad-
vantages of the invention.
Mr. LINN remarked, that tea years ago this bill
