CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
377
had passed the Senate, after having undergone the
scrutiny of a committee of doctors, of which lie
was one. He bore testimony to the invention being
an admiraore one, and to its having been found of
the; greatest service to the army and navy.
The bill was than passed—yeas 20 nays 9.
The bill for the relief of the Siockbridge tribe
of Indians,in the Territory of Wisconsin, was taken
up, and considered as in committee of the whole,
reported to the Senate, and finally passed.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, with amendments, the bill making
appropriation for the civil and diplomatic service
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1844,
Mr. E. gave notice that he would at 2 o'clock
ask the Senate to take up the above bill for con-
sideration; and, on his motion, the amendments
were ordered to be printed.
Mr, £. said two bills h^d been returned from the
House, with amendments. He moved that they
be taken up. The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate then took up the bill making ap-
propriation for the payment of naval pensions,
which had been returned with a disagreeing vote to
the amendment of the Senate striking out the sum
of $16,000 for the satisfaction of pensions due
under the navy pension law of 1837, which bad
been repealed in August. 1841.
Then, on motion by Mr. E., the Senate receded
from its amendment.
The bill making appropriation for the support of
the naval service for the half-calendar year end-
ing in June 30, 1843, and the fiscal year ending in
June 30, 1844, having been returned from the
House with sundry amendments, and with a disa-
greeing vote to the amendment of the Senate on
the subject of the erection of a floating dick at
New York, was taken up for consideration. The
amendments of the House were concuried in; and,
On motion by Mr GRAHAM, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendment on the subject of the 9 ;at-
ing dock.
This bill was subsequently returned to the Sen-
ate—the House adhering to its disagreement to the
Senate's amendment, and asking for a committee
of conference; when,
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the President pro
tern, was authorized to appoint three conferees
on the part of the Senate, to take the disagreeing
votes into consideration.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Evans on yes-
terday, to suspend the 16ih joint rule, tor the pur-
pose of permitting the bill to reeharter the District
banks; and the bill to refund to Massachusetts the
balances due for disburssments during the late war
with Great Britain; and several private bills, (to be
sent to the other House,) was taken up for consid-
eration.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the suspension of the
rule, so far as it regarded the bill in to reeharter
the banks of the District of Columbia; and he, there-
fore, called for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered, and the ques-
tion was taken—yeas 22, nays 15. So the 16th
joint rule was suspended.
Mr. BERRIEN, from '.he Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, without amendment, the
House bill for the relief of Richard Sneed; which,
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM, was then taken
up, as in committee of the whole; and, being con-
sidered, was reported to the Senate, and finally
passed.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies on the table one day, under the rule,
vi*:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to communicate 10 the Senate, at the next session of Con-
gress, euch information as lie may be able to procure respecting
the foreign marketsfor provisions and breadstuff's, the products
of the United States; the manner la which such markets are
affected by the tariff and commercial regulations of different
countries; the prospects and means of extending such markets;
aadany improvements that may be required in the preparation
of euch products for foreign consumption.
The unfinished business of yesterday was re-
sumed—being the further consideration of the bill
in relation to the exemplification of the records of
land patents, and other evidences of title, and
amendatory of the act entitled "An act to reorgan-
ize the General Land Office"—as in committee of
the whole, on an amendment of the Commntee on
Public Lands, proposing to irans'er the duties now
pel formed by the secretary to the President, in sign-
ing patents, to the Recorder of the Land Office.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana wished Ihe first two
propositions of the amendment to be adopted—
leaving that part in relaiion to the secretary to the
President for ihe last question
The first amendment was to strike out the pre-
amble of the bill; which was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the third
section, and insert the substitute, repealing the act
authorizing the appointment of a secretary to the
President.
Mr. WALKER objeetod to the joint question of
striking out the section and repealing a law.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, to disembarrass the
subject, would consent to make two questions of
the amendment.
This not being in order, the amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands was, by assent, re-
jected; and then
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved, simply, to strike
out the 3d section.
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays on
this question; which were ordered.
Mr. ALLEN opposed the proposition to strike
out the third section, and pointed out the peculiar
circumstances which called for its adoption.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana stated the views of th®
Committee on Public Lands, upon which they had
come to the conclusion that this section should be
stricken out.
Mr. ALLEN replied, showing that (he difficul-
ties of title to military lands on one side of the
Scioto river prevented the improvement of the
country, while, on the opposite side, where ihe
titles are derived from patents of congressional
lands, the hiehest state, of cultivation and improve-
ment prevails. This bill, in the form in which it
came from ihe House, would effect the greatest
benefits.
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
SMITH and ALLEN; when
Mr. EVANS gave notice, that if ihe question was
to leal to further debate, he should move to lay it
on the table.
The question was then taken on striking out the
third section, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
27, nays 11.
Mr. SMITH now moved to insert the substitute
of the Committee on Public Lands. He proposed
that the question should be taken without de-
bate.
The proposition was to dispense with the office
of secretary to the President of the United States
f >r signing patents, by transferring the duties to
the office of ihe Recorder of Land Patents.
Mr. KING thought the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands ought to be satisfied with
the amendment already made. He conceived it
would be far more reasonable to abolish the office
of Recorder in the Land Office, than that of secre-
tary to the President. He suggested that the pres-
ent t-tate of things be left to continue till next ses-
sion, and then let an examination be made so as to
ascertain what office can be bsst dispensed with. He
was opposed to this mode of legislating against an
individual.
Mr. SMITH said this was not a proposition of
the Committee on Public Lands alone, but hod
come from the House, which had recommended the
provision in another bill, but it had been stricken
out; and his object was to put it in this bill, to
which it was more appropriate He thought the
mere mectianical duty of signing patents was one
of labor better suited to a laboring man than to a
genlleman at large; for, of 52,000 patents sent for
signature last year, 26,000 only were signed; and
although the duties were cot performed, nobody
could expect that the President would remove his
own son on a charge of neglect of duty.
Mr. MERRICK opposed this proposition at the
present time, and entreated his friend [Mr. Smith]
to withdraw it,
Mr. BENTON was entirely opposed to the prop-
osition. He stated the circumstances under which
Congress had come to the determinaiion that the
President should have a member of his own house-
hold io sign patents. And a? to the pate ts not.be-
ing all signed during the last year, it should be rec-
ollected that other duties were to be performed; for
Congress had been nearly two years in session.
Messrs WALKER, BERRIEN, BUCHANAN,
and others, declared their opposition to the amend-
ment.
The question was then taken, and the substitute
•was rejected, without a division-
The bill was reported to the Senate, the amend-
ments made in committee were adopted, and the
bill was read a third time and passed.
Mr. BARROW, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, without amendment, the bill
making the city of Lafayette, in Louisiana, a port
of dtlivery.
Mr, EVANS, from the Committee on Finance,
reported back, without amendment, the joint reso-
lution in relation to certain property purchased for
the Uniied States in the city of Detroit.
Mr. WHITE presented a petition from citizens
of the town of Franklin, in Indiana, praying for a
reduction in the rates of postage; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate bill for
the relief of certain officers of the late surveying
and exploring expedition was taken up as in com-
mittee of the whole, considered, reported to the
Senate, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
GEORGIA RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. CUTHBERT presented certain resolutions
passed by the Legists tare of Georgia on the 19th
of December last; but waich, in consequence of
his long absence from Congress, (resulting from
the bad state of his health,) he had not received
when they were first transmitted to him; and
which, consequently, it was not in his power to
present till now. It R'ould be sees, by the resolu-
tion-; themselves, that he was instructed by his
Legislature to lay them before ihe Senate of the
United States.
The resolutions were then read; being the same
heretofore published through the newspapers, con-
demnatory of ihe political course of the Hon. J.
M. Berrien, one of the Senators of the United
States from Georgia.
Mr. BERRIEN presented certain counter-reso-
lutions, passed by an opposite portion of the Legis-
lature, and other persons.
These resolutions were also read; being lauda-
tory of Mr. Berrien's political course.
Mr. CUTHBERT spoke, at considerable length,
in justification of the general principles of the reso-
lutions he had presented.
Mr. BERRIEN replied at equal length.
The discussion between the two Senators con-
tinued for some time, and wiil be hereafter pub-
lished.
The motion to print, although not formally
made on the presentation of the resolutions, was
understood to be ihe pending question.
On inquiry by the CHAIR as to that under-
standing.
Mr. CUTHBERT said that such was his pur-
pose; and he requested that it would be considered
as if that motion had accompanied the presentation
of the resolutions.
On the question cf printing,
Mr. LINN called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
The vote was then taken, and resulted—yeas 21,
nays 24, as follows:
YEAfS—Messrs. Allen, Bagby, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn, McBuffie, McRoberts,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wil-
cox, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Choate,
Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Dayton, Evans, Graham, Huntington,
Kerr, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Simmons,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge—24.
So the resolutions were not ordered to be printed.
THE TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
The House bill making provision for carrying
out the treaty of Washington, lately made with
Great Britain, was then taken up, as in committee
of the whole.
Mr. BENTON said this scheme of the African
