878
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
squadron became worse and worse. E?cry step
takes in it is a new blunder. Commenced in viola-
tion of the Constitution, as he believed—in viola-
tion of the policy of the country—contradicted in
its essential meaning by Sir Robert Peel—already
pregnant with the seeds of war;—here, in addition
to all this, is an indefinite appropriation for its sup-
port. Specific appropriations are the policy cf our
Government—one of the great reforms introduced
by Mr. Jefferson. Before Mr. Jefferson's time,
appropriations were made in mats for different
branches of service; and the administration ap-
plied, more or less, to different branches. This
was a source of abuse, which the change of parties
in 1800 corrected. Specific appropriations were
then introduced, and have been adhered to since,
until now, when a great departure from it is at.
tempted. The naval appropriation for the year is
large: eight millions were afked by the Secretary.
I do not know exactly how much has been granted.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Maine said six millions.
Mr. BENTON. Very well. Six millions! and
out ot this, the Secretary of the Navy is to take
what he pleases for the African squadron. To this
I object. I want a specific sum named, according
to the safe practice and laudable reform introduced
by Mr. Jefferson. We have three service* for our
navy—a home service for a home squadron; an
African squadron for suppressing the slave-trade;
and the protection of commerce by the navy gener-
ally. Here are three different services, and each
should have its own appropriation—so much for
the home squadron, so much tor the African, and
so much for the rest of ibe navy. The present in-
definite appropriation violates this rule, and en-
ables the Secretary to confound < xj'anditurt'S, and
to hide the real expense of the Af.ican -.quadton.
He is to take what he pleases out of S'x millions;
and there is no way to a.-certain how much he
takes. In fact, he in«y send tr.e whole navy there,
and make this bus-mess of negro hunting on the
coast of Africa co-.t us six millions ot dollars per
annum. It is an extravagant supposition that he
will do so; but it will K- had enough if he takes
any large part of it; and, with a policy which could
originate such a squadron, there is no knowing
what extravagance will en^ue.
Mr. B. was more and more opposed to this
squadion. Tie con<idere<nt unconstitutional. He
believed the treaty-making puwrr hud no right to
dispose of our navy by a treaty wuh a lureigri na-
tion; that the army and ihe navy were in the hands
of Congress—the two Hou>-e.i of Congress—and
could not be taken out of their hands by the treaty-
making power. Upon the principles of this treaty,
the President and Senate, and any foreign nation,
may take the whole navy out of the hands of Con-
gress, and bind it for any number of years to any
foreign servicc; and even for objccts moral, and not
political.
Mr. B. was against the policy of this squadron.
It was a violation of the established policy of the
Government. No entangling alliances; no quilting
our own, to stand on foreign ground. Such were
the words of Washington—-such the obvious inter-
est of the country. For fifty years we had refused
these alliances. In 1834 President Jackson most
formally rejected the very one which is now agreed
to. In that year the British minister at Washing-
ton (Sir Charles Vaughan) pressed this very con-
vention upon us. President Jackson directed Mr.
Forsyth to refuse it, an j to declare "that the deter-
mination of the Government was definitively formed,
not to enter into any convention cn the subject " In
1840 Mr. Van Buren instantly rejected the arrange-
ment made on this subject by a British and an
American naval officer. Until 1842, under all
administrations, the policy of the country was
inexorable—to have none of these foreign
connexions: in that year this policy was departed
from. The very convention was made which
President Jackson, m 1834, had pointedly refused;
and already we see the evils of such a departure
from a wise policy. Besides this indefinite appro-
priation of money, we have dissension about the
treaty itself. The British Government construes
it one way: we construe it another; and the Presi-
dent, in bis message to the House of Representa-
tives, evidently construes it both ways; and then
contemplates a contingency in which he may see
it necescary that the Government shall send its
whole naval force to Africa! Very much like war,
this! And a fine commentary on the peace treaty!
Its very authors already speaking of a contingency
which may arise under it, and which may send
our navy to Africa, to protect our vessels there
from British visitation.
Mr. B. said there were other things in the bill to
which he should not object. So far as it provided
for carrying into effect all lhat came within the
scope of the treaty-making power, he should make
no objection, much as he disliked the treaty. But
this provision for the squadron ha held to be un-
constitutional, and a gross and fatal departure from
the wise and old-established policy of the country.
To this part he objected, and should take all proper
occasions to manifest his opposition to it. The
session was now expiring; much business was
pressing. He could not make a speech; but he
could not lose the opportunity of placing himself
fully and unequivocally before the country as ut-
terly opposed to this African squadron—a squad-
ron which, besides entangling us in a foreign alli-
ance, involves a vast expenditure of money, and
sends the tenth part of our navv to Africa at a time
when we are denying appropriate defence ro the
West—dismounting our dragoons on the frontiers
of Missouri and Arkansas, and retrenching 124
per cent, from the pay of officers ishose whole pay
is now barely adequate to the support of themselves
and families.
Mr. ALLEN submitted an amendment, to ceme
in at the end of the 6th section, to the effect that
the sum to be applied to the support of the squadron
on the coast of Africa shall not exceed $240,000.
Mr. A. said that this amount was the same as the
cs'imates of the department,
Mr. ARCHER said the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Benton] had acted in perfect good faith wi'h
the assurances whu h he gave on yesterday—that
he would consume but a few moment;: in the dis-
cussion of this bill. That was the reason which
induced him to abstain from making any reply to
the remarks of that Senator, except as to one
point—lhat this bill appropriated an amount in
gross, subject to be applied in the discretion of the
Executive. He (Mr. A ) cont-nded that there was
no violation of the usual prnctice m this case;
the appropiiation was necessarily subject to be ap-
plied according to the discretion of the Executive.
As to striking out the 6 h clause ot the bill, he
had no objection to it whatever; lor be considered
the provision contained m that clause to be wholly
unnecessary. There was no specific provision
requisite, m older to give to the Executive the
power of making the application ot the sum ns-
cessary to cairy the provisions of the treaty into
effect.
Mr. CALHOUN said there was no specific ap-
propriation, because no additional expense was
added to the existing expenses of the navy. If no
treaty had been made, the same difficulty would
exist with regard to the right of visitation. The
treaty had not created the difficulty; it had grown
out of other subjects; and it a war should here-
after take place, in consequence of the British in-
sisting upon the right of visitation, so far from the
treaty being responsible for producing it, we would
be, in conseqnence of the existence of the treaty,
in an infinitely better position than before; be-
cause we would then have notonly thelawof nacions
in our favor, but lhat which was infinitely sironger,
and which could not fail to command the sympa-
thies of the world—the express stipulations of a
treaty. He believed the interpretation put upon it
by the President was the true interpretation. He
would not consume the time of the Senate upon
this matter. He did not think there was the
slightest necessity for the amendment; and lie would,
therefore, vote against it.
Mr. ALLEN said he thought it right and proper
that the American people should know something
about the additional expense which would be en-
tailed upon this Government by the treaty. Under
the present bill, the Executive might go on and
appropriate ten millions of dollars. It was for
this leason he was desirous of fixing upon a specific
sum; for, unless some limit were given to the ex-
penditure in this way, it could never be ascertained
how much expense the treaty had entailed upon
the Government. He asked for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. EVANS said if the gentleman would refer
to the report of the Secretary of the Navy, he
would find that no additional expense was to be
incurred; a change of destination for a part of the
gross amount was all that would be required.
Mr. ALLEN said he believed it was not custo-
mary to put the whole number of the vessels com-
posing the American navy into commission at
once, during a time of peace.
The allegation of the Senator from Maine, was,
that the same number of ships would be employed
without the treaty as with it. One of two things
must, then, be the case: either that too few ships had
heretofore been employed—[Mr. EVANS. That
is it]—or else that a greater number than was ne
cessary were to have been commissioned without
reference to the treaty.
Mr. CALHOUN said that the object of the Sen-
ator from Ohio now turned out to be, to ascertain
the additional expense which this country would be
subjected to, in consequence of the treaty. He
submitted, in all candor, to that Senator, whether
there would be any additional expense, as it was
requisite, at all events, to have a large force upon
the coast of Africa; and whether the whole ex-
pense of that force was to be attributable to the
existence of the treaty. And he would submit to
the Senator a still stronger question. The Sena-
tor was aware of the existing state of things in this
country; and he was also aware that Great Britain
had acquired the right of visitation and supervision
partly by our own agency and example. We
had, ourselves, induced her to take the course she
had. We were the first to condemn the African
slave-trade; and yet it was well known that all
slavers were in the habit of making fraudulent
use of our flag. He submitted, then, whether,
upon considerations of honor and duty, we were
not bound te send vessels to that coast, to prevent
such abuses; and whether ihe charge incurred for
that purpose should be attributed to the treaty.
Mr. ALLEN observed that, if the Senator's argu-
ment was good, there was no occasion for us to
enter into a treaty at all; and its only effect
would be to place ourselves under an obligation to
do that which we were bound to do before. But
he had yet to learn that there was a necessity for
keeping one-tenth of our fleet upon the coast of
Africa. He would undertake to say that the ex-
penses incurred by reason of the trealy would
more than quadruple the expense which without
i1, would have been requisite for that branch of
the public service. He was opposed to that article
of the treaty upon higher grounds. Great Britain
possessed the greatest maritime power of any na-
tion upon earth; she had twenty guns to our one;
she was, consequently, by this arrangement, dis-
posing of one-tenth of our naval force, and, to that
extent, weakening our power. Eighty guns, to us,
were something; to her, nothing. This was a very
important consideration, independently of the
enormous increase of expense.
Mr. ARCHER entreated the Senator from South
Carolina not to persist in raising a general debate
upon the subject of the trealy; and he appealed 
and he thought his appeal would not be in vain  
to the Senator from Ohio, whose motion had given
rise to this discussion, to forbear protracting the
debate at this time. A single word would suffice to
dismiss the whole subject. The question whether
it was our policy to have a certain number of guns
upon the Afr.can coast, could not now by possibil-
ity arise—and why? Because we were bound by
treaty stipulations. Whether expedient or not,
we were bound to employ that particular number
for the next five years, in ihe suppression of the
slave-trade. He submitted to the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio, whether he desired to be instru-
mental—no matter whether he deemed the force too
great or not—in involving this country in the com-
mission of a breach of public faith? That honor-
able Senator, and the Senator from Missouri,
seemed to regard the sixth clause of this bill as
something extraordinary. Ana he confessed that
be himself regarded it as an extraordinary propo-
