CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
379
sition, that a portion of the naval force of the
country should receive its destination from Con-
gress. Congress might, with eqaal propriety, indi-
cate what force shouid be sent to ihe Pacific, and
what to the Mediterranean. Who ever heard be-
fore that this was a part of the duty of Congress1!
Was Congress to engross everything—to dictate
everything? No: this had not been 'he practice of
the Government of the United States. It was a
matter which ought to be left to the Executive—
and why? The reason was very obvious;: because
at one part of the year a greater force might be
required at a given place, than at another part of
the same year.
Mr. CALHOUN said the Senator had admon-
ished him—
[Mr. ARCHER. Not admonish, but request.]
—not to go into the debate. There was no necessity
for the admonition; for he dil not intend even to
be driven into a general discussion, Me had one
word, however, to say to the Senator from Ohio, in
justice to himself, and to those who thought with
him upon this subject; and it was, that when the
Senator proposed to show what expense fhoald be
incurred, he ought to be prepared to shos/ what
force was necessary. It appeared that the Sena-
tor was not piepared; and, therefore, there would be
afaliacy, to some extent—and, in his opinion, to a
great extent—if the particular amount specified by
the Senator should be fixed upon.
Mr. RIVES said the amendment ought not to pre-
vail, because it is utterly inconsistent the pro-
vision that eighty guns should be kept ad .-at on
the coast of Africa. A proviso to the ; :z.h t-t cii^n
of the bill, that the expense of the Af'ir.in squad-
ron shail not exceed §-240.000, wcuid amount to
a prohibition of cartymg out the eipre--■ tripula-
tion ©f the treaty in that partic.i'.r. One of me
important ofcj ctions made by tfa>- S-. .ro-n
Missouri, was that, by force ot iieaiy, this G .vrin-
ment undertakes toseitle how the public c mrd
force shati be employed—a powtr wlnca the Sena-
tor denies to belong to the treaty-makim* power.
But the sixth section of this bill shows that this
power is effectually checked by the legislative ac-
tion necessary to i's approval. Mr. R. enlarged
upon this view, and pro&eded at ron-iderable
length to review the circumstances under which
this compact with the Briii-.h Government became
the best and only policy which the G iverument of
the United States could adopt. He expressed his
firm conviction that the Bluish cruisef, let tWiat
will be said it) or out 01 Parliament, wili r.ot, pend-
ing this treaty, attempt to interfere wih Amer.can
vessels; and that there will be r.o exere of the
right of visitation on the coast of Africa, heretofore
asserted by Great Britain. He, for cue, denied—
what he was sorry to find the President of th1; Uni-
ted States had been betrayed inlo the a^rap'-icn of,
in his message—that Great Britam could have any
right of visitation; for he maintained that £n eniry
on board an American vessel, even under the cir-
cumstances here supposed—whether nno'er the
name of visit or search—would be, in the eye of
the law of nations, a trespass, involving a legal
responsibility for the act in every ease; tbat the
measure of that responsibility might be mi igated
and extenuated, according to circumstances; bat
that in no case could a right—far !;.-s a "perfect"
right—be recognised, on the part ot ?. foreign
cruiser, to enter on board au American ve'-sel on
the high seas, in time of peace, to aseetiai-i her
nationality or character by an examination of her
papers, &c., or for any other purpose; tht-t the deck
of an American vessel should be held inviolable
as the precincts of the national territory; that a
British cruiser, suspecting a vessel sailing under
the flag of the United Slates to be a pirate or
slave-trader of some power which had conce-
ded the right ol search, might, upon her re-
sponsibility, enter on board such vessel, hat she
would do so at her peril; and, if the ves-
sel turned out to be a bona, jiie American ves-
sel, an act will have been committed, drawing af-
ter it all the legal consequences of a trespass,
for which indemnity and redress, correspond-
ing to the circumstances of the case, would be
due. The position which he sought to estab-
lish—and which he thought it of the highest import-
ance to maintain, both in regard to the consistency
and integrity of the maritime code, and for the
practical security of national independence—is, that
there is no right, on the part of a British cruiser,
in any case, to enter the deck of an American
vessel on the high seas in time of peace; and that
whatever circumstances of suspicion, real or im-
aginary, "feltor feigned," may lead to it, as soon as
.the vessel thus entered and detained' on the high-
way of nations is discoveied to be a lonafide Amer-
ican vessel, a legal responsibility for the act as a
trespass accrues. If this responsibility be admitted,
(as it would seem to be in the later communications
of the British Government,) the very admission
nullifies the alleged right, and reduces it to a solecism
in language. He hoped and believed effectual
steps would be taken between this Government and
Great Britain to guard against any inference of a
conceded right of visitation to be drawn from the
incautious admission in the President's message.
The sixth section of this bill was particularly
commended to him, as recognising the principle that
legislative concurrence was indispensable to the
treaty making power, by giving Congress a veto,
through the exercise of its right of making appro-
priations, in withholding the means of carrying out
a treaty improperly made.
Mr. EVANS said it was his purpose to move a
recess as soon as this question was disposed of.
He appealed to Senators on both sides to abstain
from debate, in consideration of the arrear of
business or, the calendar.
Mr. RIVES protested against the lecture of the
Senator from Maine. He had heretofore abstained
from the expression of bis opinions, and did hope
that, situated as he had been, he would have been
allowed half an hour for presenting his view*.
Mr. ARCHER renewed hi' appeal to tie Sen-
ate, and particularly to the Senator from Ohio, to
let the question be taken on the pending amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN modified his amendment, by ma-
king the sum $281,000.
The amendment was negatived without a divis-
ion.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate.
Mr. KING had listened with great pleasure to
the remaiks of the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Rives,] particularly with regard to the denunciation
of the Briiirh claim to the right of visnation. He
wished to know of the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations whether that portion of the
President's message relating to the right of visita-
tion, as regards suspected piracy, is correctly given
in the printed copies of the message; and if so,
what was the exact understanding of the ptinci-
ple.
Mr. ARCHER replied that he understood the
law of nations to relate to piracy proper—not the
piracy of the slave-trade.
Mr. LiNN made allusion to a particular in-
stance of supposed piracy in the slave-trade, in
which an acknowledged outrage had been commit-
ted on an American vessel. And with regard to
the harshness of language indulged in by Ameri-
can legislators against Great Britain, he asked did
it not arise out of the fact that Great Britain was
always the aggressor against the rights of the
United Stales, and therefore the language of resent-
ment was natural. He asked what reparation had
been provided for the outrages on American ves-
sels.
The bill was then read a third time, and passed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked the Senate to take up the
bill in relation to the steamboat law. He proposed
a modification of the Senate's amendment, which
would reconcile al! difficulties between the two
Houses.
The modification was adopted, and the bill was
read the third time and passed.
Mr. EVANS moved to take a recess till six
o'clock.
Mr. MERRICK objected.
Mr. McDUFFIE asked whether experience had
not satisfied him that, after dinner, gentlemen
would be more disposed (o make long speeches
than before it.
Mr. EVANS replied that he never made long
speeches at a period of the session calling for ac-
tion rather than debate.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Evans, and the Senate took a recess till sis
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION—6i o'clock, p. m.
The Senate resumed its session.
The CHAIR informed the Senate that a joint
resolution bad just been pressed from the House,
explanatory of the act for ihe rel'ef of Thomas
King. It was the opinion of the Chair tbat the
joint resolution could not be received without a
suspension, by the House, of the 16.h joint rule,
which prohibits tbe sending from either House to
the other any bill or resolution originating within
the last three days of the session.
Mr. KING said it would be necessary to return
the resolution to the House.
Mr. SEVIER said it was a bill merely to cor-
rect an error m the phraseology of a law, which
passed this session; and he boped, by unanimous
consent, the Senate would agree io receive it.
Mr. KING replied that the Senate could not re-
ceive it by unanimous consent. The rule was im-
perative. It made no difference what tbe charac-
ter of the bill was. Though the bill was unim-
portant, the principle involved was the same. He
moved that the Secretary of the Senate he di-
rected to return the joint lesolution to the House,
accompanied by a message, expressing the opinion
of the Senate that it could not be received unless
by a suspension, on the part of the House, of the
joint rule. The order was agreed to.
The Senatebill, fixing by computation the value,
at the cusiom-house, of certain German arid other
foreign coin?, having been returned from the
Iiou^c with sundry amendments, was taken up for
cor.sidrrnti^n; and, after a few lemsrks by Mr.
EVANS, those s-mendmenf, wte concurred in.
The juT.t resolitien reducing the rates of post-
age, having been letarned from the House_ with
;undry amendments, was taken up for considera-
tion; when
Mr. MERRICK said, during ihe recess of the
Senate he took that opportunity to examine the
amendments of the House; and it was his opinion,
upon such an examination, that the Senate could
ni.t, wuh propriety, concur in them. The bill
vihieh paistd the Senate, fixed the rate to the
Federal coin, and graduated it according to dis-
tances throughout the Union; but,the amendments of
the Hor.se proposed to strike out these provisions
of the Senate bill, and to substitute a provision
regulating the postage according to weight; a pro-
vision which he believed would be destructive of
the revenues of the department. He moved that
the Senate disagree to the amendments of the
Hous'e.
The Senate ci.' agreed, and the bill was returned.
Mr LINN submitted the following resolution;
which lies one day on the table:
Resolved, That the leport of Luutenant Freemont, of tbe
Topographical Engineers, be printed, for the use of the Senate,
and the map and drawings engraved; and that  thousand
extra copies be printed; and that the work be done under the
revision and correction of the Topographical Bureau, and each
extra copy be covered with &tout colored paper; and that one
hundred copies be delivered to the Topographical Bureau, for
distribution.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following resolu-
tion, which lies over one day:
Resolved, That there be printed, under the authority of the
Topographical Buieau, three hundred copies of the large out-
line map of Mr. Nicolet's geographical exploration west of the
Mississippi river; and fifteen hundred copies of the same map,
reduced to a convenient and suitable s'ze, with the topograph-
ical details, to accompany the report, or descriptive memoir, of
the country which u is intended tn illustrate.
Mr. MERRICK expressed a wish that the Sea-
ate would procced to the cons'deration of execu-
tive business; to which the Senate refused to
yield.
On motion by Mr, EVANS, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in committee of the whole, the bill
from the House to authorize the reissue of treasury
notes, and for other purposes.
The question pending bemg the following amend-
ment proposed by the Committee on Finance,
viz: |ig
Sec. 3. Andhe it further enacted, That, in lieu of issuing
the neaaury notes in the manner authorized by the first sec
•ion of this act, the President, (if, in his opinion, it shall be for
