CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
381
mistaken. Mr. W. then explained the matter at
large.
Mr. BUCHANAN begged that the question
would be allowed to be taken. The Senator from
South Carolina had said, before the recess, that
thfere was danger of gentlemen being more eloquent
ifter dinner than before it. He (Mr. B.) be-
lieved his prediction was about to be verified. His
friend from New Hampshire and his friend from
Maine bad enlightened the Senate with disquisi-
tions on tariff, revenue, treasury notes, and other
firings, while no question was pending; for all
agreed to vote for the amendment. Now, with the
wsavy calendar yet to be disposed of, and the long
fist of nominations to be considered m executive
sfefcsion, he asktd, was it proper to be disposing of
t e last few hours of tbe session in useless disquisi-
tions? He went for action—action—action !
Mr. CALHOUN made some remarks, concur-
ring in the views expressed by the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, that fthe revenues would
be, in all probability, largely increased before the
end of the year. He grounded his belief on the
amount of exports, which, he assumed, would be
about one hundred millions, which would be re-
turned in the form of goods dutiable; though it
was possible a portion might#be returned in the
form of State stocks, or be smuggled in; in which
latter cases, the revenues would be lessened to the
extent of the relurns in that form.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was reported back to the Senate, where the
amendment was concurred in. The bill was then
read a third time, and passed.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC APPROPRIA-
TION BILL.
Mr. EVANS moved to take up the House bill
No. 804, "making appropriations for the civil and
diplomaiic expenses of the Government for thi
fiscal year ending lhe 30th day of June, 1844 "
The bill was then taken up for consideration as
in committee of the whole, and the amendments
recommended by the Committee on Finance were
read.
The first amendment was:
"And the employment of all the persons for which appro-
priations are hereinbefore made in said department, are hereby
legalized and authorized in the same manner as similar em-
ployments were legalized in the other Executive departments
07 the act of August 26, 1842."
After said amendment, to insert:
"To defray the expenses of distributing the remaining nura
beraof the Census and Statistics, according to a resolution of
Congress, #2,500."
The first branch of (he amendment was adopted,
as was also the second.
The next amendment was to strike out tbe pro-
viso, page 3, and insert:
"For expenses of printing 20,000 copies of the Compendium
of the Sixth Census, heretofore required by law to be printed
under the direction of the Secretary of Ptate, a sum not ex-
ceeding 843,579 60: Provided, however, That, before the
eaid account is paid, it shall be the duty of the Secietary of
State, or other pr®per accounting officer, to ascertain, from one.
or more disinterested practical prmteis, what would be con-
sidered a fair and just compensation for composition, press
work, and paper; and that so much,andnomore, be allowed."
Mr. WOODBORY hoped the chairman of the
Finance Committee would explain that amend-
ment.
Mr. EVANS remarked that the Census proper
was printed by Blair & Rives. By an act of 1841,
the Secrelaiy of State was authorized to cause a
Compendium of the Censu; to be printed—that is,
a digest; of which 20,000 copies were ordered.
The Secretary of State directed Mr. Al'en to print
this Compendium. He did so. The number of
volumes ordered has been received and distributed.
The House agreed to pay Mr. Allen—not the
amount contracted for, but the amount of ex-
penses—leaving nothing for profit. The House
went on the supposition that there was no authority
of law by which the Secretary cf State could order
the printing when the order ws* made. There was
a question as to the printing of 10,000 copies of the
Compendium by Blair & Rives; the clerk of the
department affirming that there was authority,
and the Secretary of State denying it. But the
matter at issue now was this: the Committee on
Finance viewed the award of the House as barely
to cover ihe expense; and felt satisfied that award
was wrong, and that it should have been in favor
of the usual rate always allowed for such printing.
The printing of the Census proper was (as said be-
fore) done by Blair & Rives, under the authority of
the former Secretary of Statp, (Mr. Forsyth;) and
the Compendium was printed by Mr. Allen, under
the authority of the succeeding Secretary of Slate,
and according to the law ot 1841. Congress ap-
propriated upwards of §131,000 to pay tor the
printing of the Census proper.
The printing of the Compendium was going on
at the same time. The House thought there was
no law authorizing the order for printing the Com-
pendium; but they did not go back to see whether
there had been any more law for ordering tbe print-
ing of the Census proper. For both, th re was the
same authority—that of the Secretary of State.
Now, he ventured to say that the actual expense
of printing the Compendium—the sum actually
out of pocket—was not less than $95,000. Good
faith required that the full price of the contract
should be paid. Before the law of 1841 was passed,
Blair & Rives also commenced printing the Com-
pendium, on the authority of the clerk of the de-
partment, who said the Secretary had authorized
him to make the order. But this the Secretary
deniec; and, when the law of 1841 was passed, he
notified Blair & Rives not to proceed with the
printing. Notwithstanding this notification, they
proceeded with, and printed, their 10,000 copies.
Now, he was not willing to pay them on the ground
of contract; but he would agree, at any moment, to
pay them a fair compensation, and take the work
off their bands. This they were not willing to ac-
cept; aDd, therefore, they were left out. And an-
other reason he had for lett'ng Blair & Rives lie
over, was, that, if the gentlemrn opposite were to
be m the plenitude of the power they anticipated
next year, they could pay Blair & Rives them-
sel ves.
Mr. WOODBURY showed that, at the time
alluded to by the Senator, the work was consider-
ably in advance by Blair & Rives, on the authority
of the clerk of th? department, resting up-m the
assurance of being authorized bv the Secretary of
State. Now, the committee of the House had in-
vestigated the matter thoroughly, and had come to
the conclusion thit both Blair & Rives and Allen
should be paid iheir full expenses. Th^ bill shou'd
either be suffered to stand as it is, or, if one of the
printers is advanced in price, so ought the other,
Mr. BERRIEN asked the S.-nat >r from New
Hampshire if he denied the authority of the Sec-
retary of State as to making the contract; that the
contract was entered into; and if it was, that it was
fulfilled?
Mr. WOODBURY said he would read a part of
tbe report of the committee in the other Hnuse.
Mr. EVANS made a question of order, on
reading a document of the other House as authority
in the Senate.
Mr. WOODBURY said he meant to read it as
part of his speech.
The CHAIR thought it was in order to read such
matter as part of a speech.
Mr. EVANS withdrew his question of order.
Mr. WOODBURY read the extract from tbe
report of the Committee in the House. He then
demanded the same justice for .Messrs. Blair &
Rtves, which wa« intended for Mr. Allen.
Mr. HENDERSON made an inquiry, vhich
Mr. EVANS answered.
Mr. HENDERSON then stated his impression
of the state of the case.
Mr. EVANS and Mr. HENDERSON discuss-
ed the question at issue between them for some
time. It was in relation to the reduction cf SO
per cent, on the public printing of Congress; and
whether it affected this contract ot not.
The amendment was then adopted.
The next amendment, being merely verbal, was
adopted; as also the succeeding amendment,
The n^xt amendment was to correct several ver-
bal errors. It was adopted.
The last amendment was: "To defray the ex-
penses of takiDg care of and preserving the botan-
ical and horticultural specimens brought home by
the squadron of the exploring expedition, under the
direction and control of the Joint Committee oa
the Library, $1,200.
It was adopted.
The amendments of the Committee on Finance
having been all gone through,
Mr. EVANS mo"ed (on the recommendation of
the Library Committee) an amendment appropria-
ting §5,000 for removing the statue of Washing-
ton from the rotundo in the Capitol, to the east side
cf tbe Capitol grounds, w th a view of placing it
on a pedestal, unuer shelter, and in a proper posi-
tion.
Mr. KING adverted ;o the several propositions
at fint made for placing the status in the rotundo,
sni a!so his original proposition to place it in the
public grounds. He bad at first objected to its
bet rig placed in tbe rotundo, having foreseen that it
would not answer.
Mr. EVANS remarked that Mr. Greenough
was here; and probably a better time never would
arrive for making this necessary removal. The
sura was small, and he hoped the amendment
would be adopted.
Mr. KING asked where it was to be placed.
Mr. EVANS replied, just where the Senator
himself bad first recommended.
Mr. ALLEN thought a sitting statue never could
be placed in any light to show better than where
it was. He should vote sgsinst the removal.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. EVANS next proposed an amendment ap-
propriating $25,000 for the improvement of the
Hudson river, and advocated its necessity and pro-
priety at some length. He had resisted 100 amend-
ments wi h which he had been importuned; but
this was one so impoitant, that he could not avoid
offering it.
Mr. KING said, if the Senator insisted on this
amendment, and it should bo parsed, he would be
importuned—and with gieat justice—by Senators
ftom all quarters ot the Union, for local appropria-
tions of similar character. Why should this be
put in, to the exclusion of other claims'? He would
not vote for one cent to be applied to internal im-
provement until the chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee should satisfy him that the Government
could be carried on, and have a surplus in the
treasury, without aresort, to borrow money. Why
was not this amendment presented to tbe Finance
Comtrittce, so that it could be investigated?
Mr. EVANS maintained his right as an individ-
ual Senator to offer an amendment. He said he
had refused 100 amendments pressed upon him
as chairman ot the Finance Committee; and would
resist them, comi up when or how they might.
This amendment he offered on his own responsi-
bility, not as chairman of the committee.
Mr. KING, acurg upon the principle which be
wished to see carried out by others, had refrained
from asking appropriations for his ewn Slate, more
necessary for general navigation than this; and he
would oppose everything of the kind, till the treas-
ury was in a condition to justify such appropria-
tions.
Mr. TALLMADGE insisted that, in consequence
of the act of the General Government on a former
occasion, certain improvements of the Hudson
river were commenced; but they had been sus-
pended, three years ago. The result was, that a
bar was forming, which would destroy the naviga-
tion of that river, unless thi  825 ,000 was granted,
to remove it. The appropriation was justifiable,
on the ground of reparation of an evil created by
the General Government.
Mr. BERRIEN felt himself in the same condi-
tion  s the Senator from A'abama: he had much
to ask for in favor of hi? own State, but refrained,
on account of the condition of the treasury. He
was therefore obliged to vote against the amend-
ment.
The question wa3 then taken on the amendment,
and resulted in the negative—ayes 15, noes 19.
Mr. EVANS next moved an amendment, ap-
propriating $1,350-11,300 of it for the salary
fixed by law for the teporter cf the Supreme Court
of the United States, and $50 p.trear due on last
year's salary.
The anmndmcnt was adopted.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, by direction of the Corn-
