382
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nsittee on Commerce, moved an amendment, ap-
propriating §1,000 for paying an agent for having
the mail carried across the Isthmus of Panama.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. GRAHAM moved an amendment, to ap-
propriate $15 000 for purchasing a new site, and
commencing a building for a custom-house at Wil-
mington, Nort*i Carolina, (in addition to the pro-
ceeds of present site,) provided the whole cost shall
not exceed $40,000.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. TALLMADGE moved to increase the com-
pensation of special Post Office agents from $1,000,
proposed by the bill, to $1,500; which would be
$100 less than their former salaries.
Mr. SEVIER asked how many special agents
there were?
Mr. HUNTINGTON was about to make the
same inquiry.
Mr. TALLMADGE said the number was, he
believed, seven or eight.
Mr. EVANS remarked that there were len spe-
cial agents. He explained the:r duly. The pres-
ent Postmaster General, on coming into office,
found there were a certsm number of ihese agents
at $1,600 a year each; and he made a change, rais-
ing the number to ten, and reducing the salaries to
$1,200 each. Subsequently, finding he could not
have suitable persons to do the duty at that rate, he
raised the salaries to §1,500.
Mr. MERRICK hoped the amendment would
prevail. This was a valuable class of officers,
and they should be paid a suitable salaiy. It was
impossible to expect proper persons to take the of-
fice at $1,000 salary.
The amendment was adopted,
Mr. BAYARD moved an amendment appropria-
ting $80D to reimburse the Chamber of Commerce
of Philadelphia lor expenses incurred in beeping
up a light at Cape Henlopen.
The amendment was adopt-d.
Mr. BAYARD also moved an amendment ap-
propriating #20 000 for Babbitt's anii attrition
metal, purchated under contract, bv ihe Secretary
of War. He stated that on the 29th of August
last, an act of Congress was passed, authorizing
the Secretary of War to mr.ke this contract. This
anti-attrition metal is one of the most valuable in-
ventions of modern times. It saves at le^st one-
half of the oil commonly used by steam-engines.
If all the steam-engines employed by the Govern-
ment be taken into account, it will be found that
the saving will be iramcn-c. It amount- to at least
per day for each engine—making $300 a year,
and probably $6 000 on all the engines employed
by the Government.
Mr. CHOATE made a short explanation as to
the appropriation not having been brought forward
sooner.
Mr. HUNTINGTON asked, was it proper thus
to ratify a contract by an appropriation? What
committee of the Senate had considered and report-
ed on the mibjeet?
Mr. BAYARD read the letter of the Secretary
of War in relation to it. The article trat now in
use for all the steam-engines employed by the
United States Government. Its vslue was fully
tested by the new and beautiful vessel, the Union,
and that trial was decisive that the invention would
be an immense saving in the public semes.
Mr. EVANS thought it would be time enough
to make the appropriation next session.
Mr. CHOATE made some further explanation,
as to the recommendation made last session to
give authority to the Secretary of War for adjust-
ing and ratifying the contract.
The subject was fuilher discussed by Messrs.
EVANS, CHOATE, &c.
The amendment, however, wss rejected—ayes
17, noes 19
Mr. SEVIER moved an amendment, lestoring
to the same late as formerly the pay of the watch-
men of the War Department, by striking out the
bulk sum of §710, and inserting $1,270.
Mr. EVA1SS understood the proposition to be,
to increase the pay of the watchmen of the War
Department to what it was formerly. The sub-
ject was fully investigated last  es ion,®nd the pay
pf the watchmen of all the departments was equal-
ized. He was averse to this distinction, as well
as to any departure from the established rate
agreed upon last session. He did rot think this
the time or mode of effecting the object. He was
in favor of better pay lor the subordinate officers
in the public service; but let it he done in a proper
way, and at a proper time.
Mr. SEVIER urged the claims of these watch-
men, and decried the paltry economy of cutting
down the wages of these peor men.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 15, noes
18.
Mr. DAYTON proposed an amendment rec-
ommended by the Committee on Public Build-
ings, in relation to the furnaces in the Treasury
building.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. KERR proposed an amendment appropri-
a'ing f6,000 for Johnson's patent iron window-
shutters for the basement story of the Treasury
building. He read the letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury, explaining the advantages and neces-
sity of applying this invention to the Treasury
building.
Mr. EVANS asked what was the use of these
iron shutters? In regard to fire, the Treasury
building is well protected by watchmen; and in
regard to thieves, what, in the name of heaven,
would they have to find in the treasury under its
present condition? If thieves get into it, they
will find all their labor lost. It will be time
enough to get this fanciful protection when it can
be of anv use. It is not wanted at all.
Mr. KERR begged Mr. Johnson's own recom-
mendation of the shutters would be read.
The Secretary of the Senate read it in part;
when,
Mr. MERRICK begged his colleague would re-
frain from reading all the authorities with which
he was about to fortify this proposition. Nobody
doubted that it was a very fine shutter; and if it
was indispensable to the safekeeping of the mo-
ney in the treasury, it would, as a matter of
course, be adopted.
Mr. KERR begged his colleague would let the
reading go cn.
The Secretary of the Senate then proceeded with
the reading.
Mr. KERR had but one single word to add.
He then proceeded for some time with his re-
marks in support of the merits of the invention,
and concluded by recommending the adoption of
his amendment.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked if this bill was to be
made an omnibus for sll sorts of appropriations?
Was it proper, at 10 o'clock on the last night of
the session of an expiring Congress, to proceed
with such a proposition, in the direct teeth of the
report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
and the sense of the whole Senate?
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE moved an amendment,
with a proviso, fixing the price of the printing done
for this Congress at the raies ef the resolution of
the 3d of March, 1819—that is, to restore the 20
per cent, which it had been reduced.
Mr. KING opposed the amendment. Could
anybody tell what reason there was for raiding
the price of printing 20 per cent., when everything
else had come down?
Mr. SIMMONS said that, in consequence of
the work havieg been cut down to half what it
usually was, and the reduction of 20 per cent, on
the price having been made on the supposition that
the quantity of printing woald be the same, the
printers of both Houses had lost money on Ihe
printing for this Congress.
Mr. EVANS said the subject bad been called
to his notice this morning, but he had since forgot-
ten it. He contended that, when the reduction of
20 per cent, was agreed upon, it was on the pre-
sumption that the quantity of printing would con-
tinue to be the same as usual. But there had been
such a falling eff in the usual priming of extra
numbers of documents, that it was impossible for
the printers to do the work at the reduced price,
without loss.
He read a-statcment of the printer of the Senate,
to the effect that there would be a dead loss on
his contract for doing the work of this Congress.
Mr. ALLEN denounced this mode of springing
upon the Senate, by surprise, at ten o'clock on the
last night of the session, another printing job.
After the signal defeat of the monstrous job attempt-
ed two nights ago, he little expected that another
job of the same kind would be attempted. He
should have the yens and nays on this job too.
Retrenchment, indeed! Gentlemen commenced the
Congress with zeal for retrenchment, and now end
it with far more earnest zeal for the augmentation
of expenditures.
He protested against having this proposition
sprung upon the Senate at midnight, after a three
months' session, during which it might have been
brought forward, and when it could have been prop-
erly investigated and discussed. Till this moment,he
had never heard any complaint on the part of the
public printers. Theie was another book-job,
too, in this bill, which he hoped some gentleman
would vote to strike out. He alluded to the ap-
propriation of §,47.000 for books distributed to
members of Congress, according to a former res-
olution of ihe House. Did gentlemen want to
job out the treasury? Job, job, job ! It was all
jobbing—book-jobbing, printing-jobbing—and now,
nocturnal jobbing. •
Mr. WRIGHT understood that Mr. Allen had
virtually no interest in this printing; having sold
out the Madronian establishment. He believed
he had undertaken a much better job in Missouri
than ihis printing, even with the 20 per cent,
added,
Mr. W. commented at some length upon the
retrenchment movement made by gentlemen now
in power, at the beginning of this Congress, both
in regard'o the resolution reducing the price of
printing, and the plan of curtailing the printing,
by referring all the propositions to print to a Com-
mittee on Printing. The proposition now was, to
restore a rate, which is to put §6,000 into Mr.
Allen's pocket; a::d if it was confined to him, it
would, perhaps, be hardly worth while to say
much—awwrc that his quantity had really been
cut down. But it is to apply to the other House,
in which there has been no committee on printing,
and m which there has been as much extra print-
ing done as usual. There have been extraerdi-
nary larecnumbers of extra documents ordered by
the House during this Congress to be printed. He
fully believed the printing of this session, at the
prices of ISi9, would amount to as much as that
of any session for the last ten years. He was
aware that, so far as the Senate was concerned, the
priuii-g had been commendably reduced; but
once ilv y went Leyond the Senate, the application
of the 2:1 per cent, to a contract entered into at a
leduced i ate, must result in nothing but a gift of so
much money to a party printer.
The subject was further discussed by Messrs.
WOODBURY, SIMMONS, CALHOUN, and
EVANS.
Toe question was then taken on the amend-
ment, and resulted in the affirmative—yeas 24,
nays 19, as follows:
yeas—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
C!ioau\ Oeinad, Cn'tenden, D^ytou, Evans, Kerr, Mangum,
Merrick', Mltlir, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons,
Smith nf Indiana, Sprague, 'lallmadge, White, and Wood-
bridge— 2-1.
NAY-S—ITessn. Allen, Bagby, Bentor, Buchanan, Calhoun
Ful'ori, Jiendeipon, King, Lion, McRoberts, Sevier, Smith of
Connecticut, S'vreeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox, Williams,
Woodbuiy, and Wright—19.
Mr. "WOODBURY moved to strike out the item
of §47,000 for books authorized to be purchased by
a simple resolution of the House a! the last ses-
sion.
Mr. EVANS mentioned that the books had been
purchased, received, boxed up, and sent off to
members already, fey the Clerk of the House, un-
der a rcrolu'icn of the House of Representatives;
snd they were to be paid for. It was, therefore,
obviously 'j^e'e'sto rerist the payment now.
Mr. BENTON asked, bow they were bought
wi hoist moneys
Mr. EVANS said they were bought, but not
paid for; nor coald they be paid for till this appro-
priation was made.
