CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
383
Mr. BENTON asked, at what price the boobs
were bought?
Mr. EVANS said he did not know.
Mr. BENTON asked in what stage the bill now
was?
Mr. EVANS said, on its third reading.
The CHAIR observed that the bill had been
read twice, and coald receive its third reading on
to-morrow.
Mr. BENTON. Then, in that case, I cannot
stop it by any opposition of mine. If I could do
so, this book item should come oat, or the bill
should be lost.
Mr. TAPPAN made a few observations on the
impropriety of the House, by a simple resolution,
incurring a debt which Congress should be called
upon to make an appropriation to pay; and that,
too, for the distribution of property te the members
themselves.
Mr. ALLEN found, on reference to the journal
of the House, that the House, on the 8th of Au-
gust, passed a resolution to adjourn on the 22d;
that Mr. Morris introduced the resolution for the
purchase of these books, and immediately moved
the previous question. Under the operation of the
previous question, it was passed—yeas 89, nays 71.
Thus $50,000 worth of books were ordered to be
purchased and distributed to the members of the
House, without any money to pay for them. Had
the House any right to authorize its Clerk to incur
a debt; and, after the debt was incurred, to make
an appropriation to pay ill There mast be an end
pot to this business. A case mast be made before
the country upon this course. The people must
be told of it on the stump. They are asleep, while
you, now, at midnighc, are voting away their
money to yourselves or your partisan printers. But
they shall be told of it. The yeas and nays must
go to them.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wood-
bury's amendment to strike out the $47,000 appro-
priation for books to members of Congress; anil it
was decided in the negative—yeas 14, nays 23, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Basby, Benton, Buchanan, Fulton,
King, Linn,\MeRoberis, Sevier, Sturgeon, Tappan, Williams,
Woodbury, and Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bales, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Henderson,
Kerr, Mangum, Miller, Morehead, Phelps, Porter, tiimmon?,
Smith of Indiana, Sprague, 'i'allmudge, White, and Woud-
bridge—23.
Mr. BAYARD moved an amendment authoriz-
ing the settlement of accounts for extra pay to the
officers of the exploring expedition.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. LINN moved an amendment,appropriating
$9,000 for extra clerk-hire for the surveyor gen-
eral ef Missouri.
Mr. EVANS said it wa? quite unnecessary, as
there was, on the next page, an appropriation of
$21,000 for extra clerk-hire to tha surveyors gen-
eral, and the surveyor general of Missouri would
get his just proportion.
Mr. LINN withdrew his amendment.
The bill was then reported back to the Senate;
and the question being on concurring in the amend-
ments of the committee of th<; whoie,
Mr. WOODBURY asked that the amendment in
relation to paying for the Compendium of the
Census should be excepted.
The other amendments were concurrcd in.
The question being on the amendment of the
committee of the whole, striking out the amount
awarded by the House to Messrs. Blair & Rives,
and increasing the amount to Mr. Allen, for print-
ing the Compendium of the Census Returns,
Mr. WOODBURY moved to insert the names
of Blair & Rives, so as to place them on the same
footing with Allen, in regard to the work done by
them—they having printed the Compendium under
the first contract.
Mr. EVANS admitted that the House under-
stood that both printers stood upon the same
ground; but the Finance Committee of the Senate
did not so understand it. They believed that there
was a regular contract with Allen, but none with
Blair & Rives. He was willing to take the work
off the hands of the Utter at a fair valuation, but
pot as being bound to do so tinder contract.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered. He wished 10 make a few
remarks on this subject of printing. Blair &
Rives were the legal printers of Congress, under a
contract solemnly made by the Senate—which con-
tract w?s subsequently repudiated, and Mr. Allen
was inducted in their place.
Mr. EVANS interposed, to say this was not for
the printing of the Census—it was for the printing
of the Compendium.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that the legal printers
of Congress, Blair & Rives, were duly employed
by contract to do the work, authorized by the Sec-
retary of State. The Secretary of State had au-
thorized the contract. They were, therefore, enti-
tled to the pay for the printing, and could recover
it in any court of law.
Mr. EVANS said tnat was a question at ii«us.
Mr. WRIGHT remarked that he knew all about
it, and was well satisfied that the Secretary of State
did authorize the contract.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted a modification,
providing that the price paid to Messrs. Blair &
Rives, and to Mr. Allen, should not exceed the
price of printing contracted for by this Congress.
Mr. WOODBURY had no objection to this mod-
ification.
Mr. WALKER contended that, in any court of
law or equity, if the United Slates permitted itself
to be sued, Blair & Rives would recover damages
for the whole of the priming.
Mr. EVANS observed that this did not relate to
the Census; it was the Compendium—quite a dif-
ferent thins.
Mr. WALKER said it was no more a diffeient
thing, than an index was a different thing from the
mam work to which it belongs. Mr. W. showed
how the work was authorized by the department,
and carried on, in good faith, by Blair & Rive?;
and that, on a full and impartial investigation by
the committee of ihe House, it was decided that
they should he placed on the same footing.
Mr. WR1SHT ca'led for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wood-
bury's amendment, and decided in the affirma-
tive—yeas 24, nays 13, ns follows:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Ili by, Bayard, Benton, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Fulton, Hemleison.ICiris>, Linn. Mcltnbrrts,
Rived, Sevipv,Sturgeon, T'lHmadt/e, Tapprin, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, VVuoribnJse, Woodbury, Wnjiit, and Young—zi.
NAYS- Archer, Berucn, Cnnivd, Crittenden, Day-
ton, Evans, K^ir, Milter, Movchead, Phelpt, Poucr, Smith of
Indiana, and White—13.
So me amendment on the amendment was adopt-
ed; and the amendment as amended was concurred
in.
Mr. BAYARD renewed his amendment, relating
to Babbitt's anti-attrition metallicpatent, appropria-
ting $20,000 to pay the contract.
It was adopted.
The amendments were then ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. EVANS submitted a resolution to suspend
the 17:h joint rule.
Mr. BENTON objecting—
The resolution was laid over one day.
Mr. EVANS moved to suspend the previous
orders, for the purpose of taking up the joint reso-
lution to continue an additional clerk in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office.
The request was complied with; and the joint
resolution was taken up, cor.sideied, read three
lim?s, and passed.
Mr. BERRIEN moved to proceed to the consid-
eration of Hou-e bill 806; which was agreed to.
House bill 808 was, accordingly, taken up as in
commute of the whole, considtred, reported, read
a third time, and paised. The titl" of the bill wa?:
"A bill for the survey of the Northern line of the
reservation of the half-breeds of Sac and Fox
tribes of Indians under the treaty of the 4th Au-
gust, 1804 "
Mr. HUNTINGTON moved to proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
The motion was concurred ir>; and, at half-past
11 o'clock, p. m., the Senate went into executive
session.
After considerable time spent in secret session,
the Senate resumed its legislative session; when
The following bills kom. the House were taken
up, considered as in committee of the whole, re-
ported to the Senate, and passed, viz:
Resolution for continuing an additional clerk in
the Second Auditor's office.
The hill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Robert T. Spence.
The bill lor tbe relief of John Ilodgkin.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Weller.
The bill providing for the settlement of claims
for supplies furnished the Florida militia.
Tbe act authorizing an examination and survey
of the harbor of Memphis, Tennessee.
The bill to authorize the election and appoint-
ment of cfficcrs in the Territory of Wisconsin.
The bill for the relief of Hannah Jenkins, widow
of James Jenkins, decased.
The hill for the relief of John McGinnis, a sol-
dier of the late war.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of John Peters, deceased.
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth Dawkins.
The bill for the relief of Daniel Penhallow.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to refund to David Watkinson & Co. a part of
the duties imposed on a certain quantity of tin and
iron imported into the port of New York.
The bill for the relief of Hugh Biddle, of New
York.
The bill for the relief of Mary McGfee and Su-
san Picrce, heirs-at-law of George, Neilson.
The hill to revive the act for the relief of John
Davlin.
Tbe hill for the relief of Samuel K. Jenkins.
The bill for the relief of Robert Leyton's chil-
dren.
The bill for the relief of Nancy Wilson.
The hill for the relief of Ruih Mathiot.
The bill for tbe relief of the legal representa-
tives of Robert A. Kelly.
The bill for the relief of George Waddle.
The bill directing the survey of the northern line
of the reservation for the half-breeds of the Sac
and Fox tribe of Indians, by the treaty of August
4, 1824.
The joint resolution directing the payment of
certificates of awards issued by the commissioners
under the treaiywhic-h the Chickasaw Indians.
The joint resolution in relation to certain prop-
erty purchased for the United States in the city of
Detroit.
The joint resolution to authorize the Postmaster
General to settle with J. & V. Voorhees.
The following House bills were taken up as iu
committre of the whole, considered, and indefinite-
ly postponed:
The bill to provide for the payment of the Iowa
militiacai'ed into service in D-cember, 1839.
The bill for the relief of the representatives of
Henry Hoffman, deeensed.
The bill fur ihe relief of Jacob Miller.
The bill for the relief of Rebecca Guest.
The bill for the relief of Seth Sweetser.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Edgeeomb.
The bill for the relief of the kgai representatives
of Lieutenant T. W. Smith.
The bill for the relief of Robert T. Norris.
The bill granting an increase of pension to Isaac
Plumer.
The bill for the relief of Asa Davis.
The bill granting a pension to John Carey, a
man of co'or.
Toe bill for the relief of Nancy Byrd, the widow
of Baylar Byrd, a revolutionary soldier.
The bill for the relief of Abraham Van Horn.
The bill for the relief of Sylvia Underwood,
mother of Lieutenant Underwood, d. ce.ised.
The bill for the relief of Samuel Hoffman.
The bill to confirm Elizabeth Burriss, her heirs
or assigns, in a tract of land.
The bill to pievent extra allowances to any offi-
cer of the Government; arid
The bill granting a pension to Josiah Westlske.
The following House tills were then taken up
as in committee of the whole, considered, and
finally laid on the table, viz:
The bill for the relief of Jos. W. Newcomb;and
The bill to provide for the erection of a marine
hospital at Key West, in Hie Territory of Florida.
The Senate then, at 2 o'clock a. m. adjourned.
