CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
PUBLISHED BY BLAIR AND RIVES, AT ONE DOLLAR PER SESSION, IN ADVANCE.
27th. Cong 3d Sjsss.
FRIDAY, MARCH 10, 1843.
Volume 12—-No. 25.
Continued fnm AT), 24.
ing Congress, at any time hereafter, to alter or re-
peal it.
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order of
Mr. Smith.
Mr- SMITH of Virginia then moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
:Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays; which being ordered, the question was taken,
and the motion was rejected—yeas 72, nays 89.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
The question then recurred, "Shall this joint reso-
lution be rejected?" and the yeas and nays hav-
ing been ordered, the question was taken, under the
operation of tbe pj-evious question, and dscided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 92.
YEAS—Messrs. Arrlngton, Atherton, Beesan, Bidlack, Biew-
ster, Aacon V. Brown, Charles Brown, Buike, William O.
Sutler, Patrick C. Caldwell, John Campbeil, William B.
Campbell, Cary, Casey, Chapman, Clinton, Coles, Daniel,
Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Doan, John p. Edwards, Eg-
bert, J<?hn G. Floyd, Charles A. Floyd, Fornance,Gerry, Gil-
mer, William O. Goode, Gordon, Gwin, Harris, Hopkins,
Houston, Hubard, Hunter, Charles J. Ingersoll, Cave John-
son, John W. Jones, Keim, Andrew Kennedy, Linn, LitUefield,
Lo,well,Abraham McClellan, Robeu McClellan, McKay, Mai-
iory,Marchand, Alfred Marshall, Medill, Miller, Mitchell, New-
hard, Parmenter, Payne, Pickens, Plumer, Heed, Reding,
Readier, Reynolds, Riggs, Saniord. Saunders, Sewell, Shaw,
SStaetds, ,Slade, Snyder, Steerirod, Jacob Thompson, Troiti,
Turney, Van Buren, Wallace, Watterson, Welier," Westbrook,
and John Youns—77.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, LandafTW. Andrews, Baker, Bar-
nard, Blair, Borden, Botts, Biockway, Bronson, Jeremiah
Brown, BurnelJ, Calhoun, Thomas J. Campbell, Carutheis,
Childs, Chittenden, John C. Clark, James Cooper, Cowen,
Cranston, Cravens, Crawford, Gushing, Garrett DafSs, De-
berry, John Edward^, Evereft, Ft^senrien, Fillmore, Thom<is
F. Foster, Gamble, Gentry, Giddingg, Goggm, Patrick G.
Qoode, Graham, Granger, Green, Halsted, Henry. Howard,
Hudson, Joseph R. Inge'reoll, James imn, James, Wm Cost
Johnson, I. D. Jones, J. P. Kennedy, King, Lane, McKenrian,
Samson Mason, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Maynaid, Men-
wether, Moore, Morgan, Morris, Morrow, Osborne, Pendleton,
Pope, Ramsey, Benj. Randall, Alexander Randall, Randolph,
Ridgway, Rodney, William Russell, JamesM. Russell, Sakon-
Stall, Shepperd, Sranly, Stokely, Stratton, Alexander H. II.
Stuart, John T. Stuart, Summers, Taliaferro, John B. Thomp-
son, Richard W. Thompson, Tillinehast, Toland, Triplet!,
Trumbull, Underwood, Washington, Edward D. White, Joseph
L. White, Thomas W. Williams, Christopher Ii. Williams,
Joseph h. Williams, Wintlirop, Wise, Yorke, and Augustus
Young—92.
So the bill was not rejected.
Mr. ATHERTON then offered the following
amendment:
And be it further resolved, That ail the stockholders, and all
Vho may become stockholders, in said banks, shall be liable in
their individual and private capacity, as copartners, for the debts
and liabilities of the banks in which they are respectively stock-
holders, accruing during the time when they are stockholders
in said banks,
Mr. A. said this amendment involved important
principle?; and had it been generally adopted in the
legislation of the people oi this country with re-
gard to banks, many evils, frauds, and disasters
■would have been prevented. Nothing was so cer-
tain as that the only way to prevent ihe misman-
agement of money, was to make those who were
interested liable for the misdeeds of their agents.
.The principle of an individual liability had gen-
erally been adopted in England, where associated
wealth was generally allowed greater privileges than
in this country; and he could not see why it should
not be generally adopted here, where the privileges
of the people were so much more numerous and
enlarged.
With regard to the banks of the District of Co-
lumbia, let it be admitted that it was expedient to
recharter them: did it follow that sreh a stepVas
necessary at this time" It would, he-thought, be
setting a bad example, to recharter these invita-
tions, without inquiring into their past conduct and
their present condition. No report whatever had
been submitted showing their liabilities, their capi-
tal stock, whether they had always tedeemed their
bills, and how they had been generally managed.
•How was this bill brought before the present Con-
gress? Not until the three last days of its session,
.when there could not be sufficient time allowed to
debate its provisions. Why the necessity of re-
chartering these banks at all the present session,
■when their charters did not expire until July, 1844?
Why not leave it to the next Congress, who would
have sufficient time to examine in'o the matter
without baste, and thoroughly find out the condition
of those banks? He wished to know if the banks
shrunk from investigation. If they did, it was but
a ptjor argument why Congress, as the guardians
of public rights, should recharter them, and give
into their desires.
Mr. WELLER opposed the resolution; and en-
tered into a detailed sta'ement of the pretences un-
der which the various extensions of the charters of
ihese banks had been made since 1836—the most
prominent being that they wanted time to wind up
their affairs. He also alleged against them a vio-
lation or evasion of the conditions on which their
charters were extended, and the purchase, by their
officers, of their own depreciated paper and stock—
thereby committing flagrant wrongs on widows
and orphans, whose limited means were thus in-
vested. And he asked if such conduct wa? to be
justified by this House? and whether this resolution
was thus to be passed through the House by a spe-
cies of legerdemain, by which the rules of the
House were evaded? H#called the attention of
the House to the fact, that the next Congress would
be in session on the 4th December next, whereas
the charters of these banks would not expire until
the succeeding July. If, then, there was good rea-
son to extend these charters, he thought it should He
left to the next Congress to judge of that reason
and that necessity; and that this Congress should
not anticipate the legislation of i's successor—es-
pecially if it were done from a fear that the next
Congress would not extend the charters on the
same terms as this Congress was willing to do.
Mr. FILLMORE rose and inquired if the morn-
ing hour had not expirfd?
The SPEAKER replied that it had.
Mr. FILLMORE then called'for the orders of
the day.
Mr. WELLER said he was desirous to offer a
few remarks on the amendment which had been
submitted.
The SPEAKER replied that the orders of the
day had been called for.
Mr. WELLER then observed that he supposed
he should have the floor to-morrow.
The SPEAKER replied that he would, during
the morning hour.
TWO HUNDRED MILLION NATIONAL
STOCK.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON asked the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his demand for . the
orders of the day, to allow him to make a report.
Mr. FILLMORE said he would consent to the
presentation of any reports which would not lead
to any debate.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then rose to present a
report from the select committee appointed to con-
sider the memorials on the subject of issuing
$200,000,000 of national stock; and he was pro-
ceeding to make some explanatory statements,
when
Mr. PICKENS said he should object, if this sub-
ject was to give rise to debate at this late period of
the session.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then submitted his re-
port, and moved that it be printed. The report
concluded with the following resolution:
Resolved, That it is expedient to employ the credit of the
Government of the United States for the relief of the States, to
the extent prayed for by the memorialists.
Resolved, That committee be instructed to prepare
and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL begged permission to
offer a resolutitm in connexion with the motion of
the gentleman from Mary^nd, to direct the print-
ing of 5,000 extra'copies of both the report of
the gentleman from Maryland, and the report
some time since made on the same subject by the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON hoped the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would allow the question first
t> be taken on tbe simple proposition to .print the
usual number.
Mr. ADAMS said he had a resolution which
he wished to offer as a substitute for the resolution
of the gentleman from Maryland. It \yas as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the repudiation, by any State of this Union,
of any debt to foreigners, contracted by authority of the Legis-
lature of the said State, is a violation of the Constitution of the
United States, in the first paragraph of the tenth section ofthe
first article, which provides that no State shall pass any law im-
pairing the obligation of contracts.
Resolved, Tiiat if any State of this Union shall, by or in con-
sequence of such repudiation, involve herselfin war with any
foieign power, the Congress of the United States has no power
to involve them, or any other of the States of this Union, or the
pe«ple thereof, in such war.
#esolve$, That m the event of such war, the State involving
herself therein, will cease thereby to be a State of this Union,
and will have no right or claim to aid in her defence from the
United States,or any of them.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON again appealed to gen-
tlemen to allow the vote to be taken on the ques-
tion of printing.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL pressed his motion to
print extra numbers of the two reports desig-
nated.
Mr. TURNEY objected.
The SPEAKER said, as objection was made,
the motion would have to go over.
Mr. J. R, INGERSOLL moved a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. A. V. BROWN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The SPEAKER explained to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the gentleman from
Maryland did not ask for the consideration of
his resolutions at this time, but merely the printing
of the report.
The previous question was moved on the ques-
tion of printing, and it was sustained by the
House.
Mr. A. V. BROWN called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to print the amendment.
Some irregular conversation eosutd, apd the
reading of Mr. Adams's amendment was again
called for, and read accordingly.
Mr. JOHN CAMPBELL wished to offer an
amendment, but it was ruled out of order.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the House would not be
afraid to express its opinions.
Mr. C. BROWN asked if it would be in order to
move that all the schemes be rejected.
The SPEAKER said, No; bat a motion to lay
on the table would be in order.
Mr. JACOB THOMPSON moved to lay the
whole subject on the table.
This motion was followed by considerable con-
fusion in all parts of the hall; and various gentle-
men rose to questions of order,-
Mr. J. THOMPSON inquired what would be
the effect of withdrawing the motion to lay on the
table.
The SPEAKER said it would bring the House
to a vote on the motion to print the substitute of
the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ahams.]
Mr. J. THOMPSON then withdrew his mo-
tion.
The question was taken on the motion to print
the substitute above mentioned, and decided in the
negative—yeas 72, nays 108, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Landaff \v: Andrews, S. j.
Andrews, Arnold, Aycngg,Baker, Barnard, Biair, Boardman,
Borden, Bofts, Brig<*s, Brockway, Bronson, Jere. Brown, Bur-
nell, Calhoun, Childs, Chittenden, John C, Clark,' Staley N.
Clarke, James Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Garrett Davis,
Deberry, John Edwards, Everett, Foaeenden, Fillmore, Gid-
dings, Goggin, Granger. Henry, Howard, Hudson, Joseph R.
Ingersoll, James, Wm. Cost Johnson, John P. Kennedy, Lane>
Linn, McKennan, Mathiot, Mattocks, Maxwell, Morgan, Mor-
ris, Morrow, Osborne, Pendleton,-Pope, Benjamin Randall,
Alexander Randal], Randolph, Rodney, William Russell,
James M. Russell, Saltonstall, Slade, Stanly, Tillinghast, To-
land, Trumbull, Van Rensselaer, Edward D. White, Thomas
W. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, and Winthrop—7^.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnngton, Atherton, Barton, Beeson, Bid-
lack, Birdseye, Bowne, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Charles
Brown, Burke, William Butler, Wm. O Butler, Patrick C.
Caldwell, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Thootes J.
Campbell, Caruthers, Casey, Clinton, Coles, Mark A. Cooper,
Cowen, Cross, Daniel, Richard D. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Doan, Doig, John C. Edwards, Egbert, John G. Floyd, Chas^
