CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
389
becawseweh&d excited hopes, seemed to him the
most extraordinary argument be ever listened to.
He eontd tell gentlemen that be knew many of
thtee widows who were ladies of fortune; and you
give these pensions to the rich, while you exclude
others. The law, he was aware, could not discrim-
inate, because it must take time lor its element;
Mid hp mentioned these things to show that the bill
could not rest on.any ground of justice or policy.
This whole matter of pensions was wrong in the
first- instance. It is generally the first step that
costs. When the bill was first presented, the cry
was that these widows were old and helpless, and
thsy were pensioned for five yean; and now they
are Older, and must be pensioned for a further fire
years. What merit was there in these women mar-
Cjriag officers and soldiers of the Revolution after
the i war, that they should be entitled to pensions?
Matches with the officers were desirable, and highly
oreditable to them; and they were very fortunate in
obtaining them. Did they suffer any losses from
the marriage after the close of the war and as late
as 1794? or were tbey harassed by revolutionary
troubles? No, sir. Gto to the Pension Office, and
yott will find that most of these widows who had
married those old revolutionary officers, soon af.
ter their deaths provided themselves with young
husbands.
Mr. ALLEN said the Senator from Alabama
had ■gone into a statemmt of some of the requisites
of a. good husband* He had spoken of the revo-
lutionary soldier as being strong, robust, and able-
bodl«d, and that such a husband ought to be con-
sidered a sufficient compensation to any woman
for enduring privation and hardships incident to a
state of war, without granting them a sum of
money out of the public treasury. This argument
did not serve to satisfy him that a pension was un-
necessary. The Senator had stated, also, that
sdme of these widows were wealthy; but that did
not alter the case, in his estimation. The law
must necessarily be uniform—and a uniform law
could not be made to reach the case of every indi-
vidual. It could not be supposed that a law which
was of itself broad and general, could possibly mete
out exact justice to every individual. There could
not be such a law, so long as there was so great a
diversity among the men upon whom the law was
to operate.
Mr. WALKER said the only reason he had
heard offered in favor of this bill, which had any
weight with him, was, that these widows had en-
joyed their pensions for five years already; and
that their expectations had been raised that they
wouid be continued. He would have been glad
if gentlemen by whom this argument was urged,
had listened to it in regard to the cases of pensions
Ml the navy. The law, in that case, had been per-
mitted to expire; that law provided that the widows
of those who died of casualties or diseases con-
tracted in the service of the country should receive
pensions. It was intended to apply to those who
were actually the wives of seamen at the time of
service. Ttie argument could have no fotce, now,
coming from those who opposed it in that case.
Only f 64 ,000 was required in the casehe referred
to, to pension the widows of those gallant men who
met their fate upon the ocean; the widows of such
men as Neale and Lewi?—men who conferred
honor upon their country, and who proved that the
power of Great Britain was not invincible: these
pensions were refused, while here it was proposed
at one swoop to appropriate $380,000 to pension
those who married soldiers long after the war had
terminated.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed tbat discussior,
at this stage of the bill, must be death to it; and,
if he were to follow the example of the Senator
from Mississippi, and go into the discussion of the
question of the nava! pension fund, and the pro-
priety of pensioning the widows of naval officers,
by the very consumption of lime in the discussion
the bill must necessarily be defeated.
His friend from Alabama was very much op-
posed to the bill, because, forsooth, (to use the lan.
guage of the Senator from New Hampshire,) all
the widows of revolutionary soldiers, who were
married at any time previous to 1800, were not in-
cluded. His expansive benevolence embraced the
whole. He had told them that he would not vote
for any, unless the whole were included. He (Mr.
B.) was not disposed, under existing circumstances,
to go so far.
In regard to the question now before them, he
believed that public sentiment was far in advance
of the action of Congress. Many of the State
Legislatures had moved in the matter; and he be-
lieved ninety-nine in a hundred of the people at
large were favorable to the granting of such pensions
as now proposed. Every person could point to
cases, within his own immediate vicinity, of des-
titute widows of revolutionary soldiers, who are
supported by the liberality of their friends; and
who, in case the bill did not pass, must go the
poor-house. Although he was opposed to extend-
ing the system of granting pensions, yet he thought
this a class of cases which should not be neglected.
It was admitted that those who were wives during the
war ought to receive pensions; but, it was said,
those who were married afterwards ought to be ex-
cluded. Was this so? Suppose it had been made
optional wiih any one of those gallant men
who served in the revolutionary war, whether
he should receive a pension during his own
life, or whether his widow, after his death, should
receive it: what would have been his decis-
ion? Every one of them would have said, Re-
lieve the distresses of the wife of my bosom. Du-
ring my own life, I can afford her protection and
support; but when that protection is withdrawn—
when I am removed by death, and she is thrown de-
fenceless on the world—then let her be taken under
the pro'ection of the Government which I have
served. While he was opposed to the system of ex-
tending pensioBs to new cases, he thought there
was much force in what was stated by the Sena-
tors from Massachusetts and Ohio. These widows
had been in the habit of receiving the bounty of the
Government, and they had not calculated upon
that bounty being withdrawn; and if it should be
withdrawn, they would he left infinitely more help-
less and dependent than if they had never received
a cent. He would ask bis friend from Alabama if,
for the purpose of manifesting his gratitude towards
his friend far. advanced in life, he had taken that
friend under bis immediate protection, and furnish-
ed to him or her an annuity for five years, whether
he would consider it the part of an honorable man
to abandon that friend at an advanced period of
life, and deprive him of the bounty which bis be-
nevolence had bestowed? He thought to debate
the bill would be to kill it.
The bill was reported to the Senate; when
Mr. McROBERTS said he should lenew his
proposition, which had failed in committee, to strike
out "five years,"and insert "one year." The next
Congress could fully and fairly represent the
wishes of the people; and they ought to be heard on
the subject. The idea of spending money, when
they were now without, and borrowing—and that,
too, on the eve of a new Congress coming in—
was too monstrous to be thought of.
[Mr. McR. was prevented, by a violent cold, and
cough which accompanied it, from ptoceeding.]
Mr. BENTON said he was extremely sorry to
perceive that the Senator from Illinois was unable,
in consequence of the state of his health, to do jus-
tice to his feelings on this occasion. He sincerely
sympathized with the honorable Senator, and
would take, up his argument just where the
honorable Senator had stopped. This expiring
Congress, now in the agonies of death, was
continuing to incur debts for five years to
come. It was like the blunder committed by
Congress when tbey attempted to recharter the
Bank of the United States for a period which
would run into the representation under a new
census and a new apportionment. Congress.should
do the legitimate business of its term, and nothing
beyond. He thought the Senator from Illinois had
taken a very forcible ground of objection. He
was willing to extend pensions to those whf1 were
participants in the alarms, the dangers, and the
sufferings of the Revolution, being actually the
wives of soldiers ox offigers at the time; but he
never was willing to extend them to a period since
the Revolution. Persons might be pensioned un-
der this act, who were not bom at the time of the
Revolution. There might have been widows, who
were married at the age of thirteen, born since the
surrender of Cornwallis, and who had had no share
whatever in the perils and pains of the war; and yet,
under this bill, they would be entitled to the bowty
of the Government. In this way, the system
might be carried down to the present ttoew. An
old revolutionary officer, just going- ofttite
world, might marry a young girl for toe purppse
of entitling her to receive a pension; ana'she might
live to draw that pension for eighty years. He
thought the proposition of the Senator from Illinois
was a very just and commendable one; and he
would give it his hearty concurrence.
Mr. ALLEN said he thought there was very
great force in the remarks made by the Senator
from Illinois and the Senator from Missouri upon
the prepriety of leaving to a future Congress to
legislate upon this matter, without depriving these
widows in the mean time of their pension. He
should vote for the motion, believing, as he did,
tbat, in all the great questions of money and power,
the people should be fully and thoroughly repre-
sented.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment of Mr. McRoserts, to strike out "five" year®,
and insert "one" year; and decided in the affirm®?-
tive—yeas 24, nays 21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Bfcr-
rien, Calhoun, Clayton, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Fyltfcfy
Graham, Henderson, Linn, McDuffie, McRobetis,' Man&um*
Miller, Tappan, Walker. Williams, Wright, and Yoyng—-24.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Buchanan, Choate, Cr&ify
Evans, Huntington, Kerr, Merriek, Morehead, Porter, Rive^
Simmons, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sprague,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Wilcox, and Woodbridg^—21.
So the amendmeat was adopted.
Upon the passage of the bill, the yeas and nays
were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Allen, Bagby, Barrow, Bates, Buchanan,
Choaie, Crafts, Evans, Fulton, Huntington, Kerr, L.inri, Mer-
lick, Miller, Merehead, Porter, Sevier, Simmons, Smith of
Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White,
Wilcox, and Woodbndge—£5.
NAYS—Messrs. Benton, Berrien, Calhpun, Clayton, Critten-
den, Cuthbert, Dayton, Giaham, Henderson, Kingj McDuflfe,
McRoberts, Mangura, Tappan, Walker, Wright, and Young-
—07.
The Senate then took a recess until half-past S
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The PRESIDENT pro tern, laid before the body
a message from the President of the United States,
transmitting a report received from the director of
the mint, and showing its operations for the year
1842; which was ordered to be printed.
Abo, a communication from the State Depart-
ment, enclosing information in relation to the com-
modities imported from foreign countries; which
was ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT FREMONT'S EXPEDITION
TO THE ROCKY MOUNTAINS.
A communication was received from the War
Department, in answer to a call heretofore^nade
for the report of Lieutenant Fremont's expedition
to the Rocky Mountains.
Mr. LINN moved that it be printed for"the use
of the Senate; and also tbat one thousand extra
copies be printed.
In support of his motion, Mr. L. said, that in
the course of the last summer a very interesting
expedition had been undertaken to the Rocky
Mountains, oidered by Colonel Abert, chief of the
Topographical Bureau, with the sanction of the
Secretary at War, and executed by Lieutenant
Fremont of the topographical engineers. The
object of the expedition was to examine and re-
port upon the rivers and the country between the
frontiers of Missouri .^nd the base of the Rocky
Mountains; and especially to examine the char-
acter, and ascertain the latitude and longitude of
the South Pass, the great crossing-place in these
mountains on thp way to the Oregon. All the ob-
jects of the expedition have been accomplished,
and in a way to be beneficial to science, and in-
structive to the genera] reader, as well as useful to
the Government.
Supplied with the best astronomical and bar-
ometrical instruments, well qualified to use them,
and accompanied by twenty-live voyageurs, enlisted
for the purpose at St. Louis, and trained to all' the
