CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
Mr. WHITE said he felt no further iaterest in
this matter, than a desire that the United States
shottld fulfil its treaty obligations.
Mr. McDUFFIE said he did not regard this as
an arbitration at all. There was no judgment
binding on the United States. It was, in fact,
merely an ex parte investigation for the informa-
tion of the mind of the Executive.
Mr. SEVIER endeavored to show that it was
an arbitrament binding on the United Slates.
The question Was then taken on the proposed
amendment, and it was disagreed to,
Mr. TAPPAN remarked that it was unwise to
pass a bill to sell lands which they had not pas-
session of. They could not get possession of the
lands, until every provision of the treaty was ful-
filled.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BATES, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported back, without amendment, and wiih a
recommendation that it do pass, House bill entitled
"An act for the relief of Joseph Ellery;" and on his
motion, it was taken up, and considered as in com-
mittee of the whole, reported to thj Senate, and
finally passed.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the bill for the relief
of Thomas King, which had been returned from
the House with an amendment, was taken up, and
the amendment was concurred in.
The joint resolution from the House, explana-
tory of the act for the relief of Thomas King, was
taken up, as in committee of the whole, considered,
reported to the Senate, and finally passed.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Senate took up
for consideration the message from the House re-
turning the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill,
with certain disagreeing votes. The one was a dis-
agreement to the amendment of thp Senate restor-
ing the Congress printing, for this Congress alone,
to the prices fixed by the joint resolution of 1819—
that is, to allow Gales & Seaton, printers to the
House, and Thomas Allen, printer to the Senate,
twenty per cent, over the prices they contracted to
ds the printing for.
Mr. EVANS moved that tbe Senate insist on
all its amendments, and ask a committee of confer-
ence.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to except the amend-
ment giving twenty per cent, additional for 'he Con-
gress printing, and demanded the yeas and nays on
it. They wsre ordered.
Mr. ALLEN wished the Senate to bear in mind
that at 10 o'clock at night, on the last night of the
session, they were called to vote on a proposition
to give to Gales & Seaton and Thomas Allen,
printers to this Congress, twenty per cent, more
than they agreed to give them in the contract for
doing the Congress printing. If there was any jus-
tice in giving more than the contract called for,
why did not the party (the Whig party) which was
friendly to the proposition, go a little farther, and
give fifteen per cent, to Blair & Rives: for execu-
ting the printing of the last Congress. Those gen-
tlemen executed the printing for fifteen per cent,
below the prices of the resolution of 1819—and fif-
teen per cent, less than was now proposed to give
the present printers. Where v-as the justice in
such proceeding?
The question on insisting on this amendment
was then put, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
26, nays 20, as follows:
YEA.S—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Ciioate, Clayton, Conrad, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Henderson, Kerr, Mangum, Merrick, Miller, Morehead, Phelps,
Porter, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge,
White, and Woodbridge—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Alien, Bagby, Benton, Buchanaa, Calhoun,
Cuihbert, Fulton, King, Linn, McDuffie, McRoberts, Sevier,
Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wilcox,
Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—20.
The Senate then insisted on Us amendment, giv-
ing Thomas Allen and Blair & Rives the full price
for the printing of the Compendium to the Sixth
Census.
The Senate then, receded from Its amendment
legalizing the appointment of certain clerks in the
State Department.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, the Chair was au-
thorized to appoint three conferees on the part of
the Senate, to confer with a like number on the
part of the House, touching the disagreeing votes
on the remainder of the amendments.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, a committee of
conference was appointed by the Chair, to meet a
like committee on the part of the House, to con-
sider the disagreeing votes between the two Houses
on the bill to reduce the rates of postage to the
Federal coin.
THE MISSION TO CHINA.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, the previous or-
ders were postponed, and the Senate took up for
consideration, as in committee of the whole, the
bill to provide the means for future intercourse be-
tween the United States and the Government of
China, which was read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the XJni{ed ^States of America, in Congress assembled,
That the sum of forty thousand dollars bn, anil the same is
hereby, appropriated and placed at the disposal of the Piesident
of the United States, to enable him to establish the future com-
mercial relations between the United States and the Chinese
empire on terms of national equal reciprocity; the said sum to
be accounted forby the President, under the restrictions and m
the manner prescribed by the act of 1st of July, 1790, entitled
"An act providing the means of intercourse between the
United States and foreign nations."
Mr. WRIGHT desired to know why so large
a sum as $40,000 was necessary to be appropriated
in this case.
Mr. ARCHER said he would answer the in-
quiry of the gentleman from New York. The
question was a very fair and reasonable one, and
one which he had anticipated. The bill provided
that $40,000 should be appropriated for the pur-
pose of establishing a commercial intercourse with
China. It was not intended that the salary of the
minister, or agent, together with his outfit, should
exceed $18,000, the amount usually appropriated for
such purposes. But it would be perceived that
there was a considerable variance between this and
other cases, by reason ot the remoteness of the
country to which our agent was to be sent. The
object could hardly be accomplished in a single
year; indeed, from the singular usages of the peo-
ple of China, it was not certain in what manner
our minister would be received; and a sum, there-
fore, much larger that* the ordinary outfit of a min-
ister would be required. A provision would hace
to be made for an inU-rpreter; and it was very well
known ta the Senate that, in our intercourse hith-
erto with Mahometan countries, it had always
been necessary to bestow presents. It could not
be known for what length of time the negotiations
would be in progress. Supposing them to occupy
two years, this appropriation would he insufficient.
This, he thought, was a sufficient answer to tbe in-
quiry of the gentleman from New York; and he
hoped this bill, to which he thought very great im-
portance should be attached, would meet the gen-
eral approval of the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT said the explanation was not at
all satisfactory to'him, as to the necessity for ap-
propriating so large a sum. It seemed to him that
the same argument would require that they should
appropriate for a minister to England a sum suf-
ficient for the whole time he was to be kept there.
The appropriation for an agent in China could be
voted every year, in the same manner as appropri-
ations for ministers at all foreign courts.
Mr. BENTON took many objections to this mis-
sion, to the bill which provided for it, and to the
motives in which it was founded. He considered
the mission unnecessary for any public purpose;
he held the bill to be fraudulently contrived, to
cheat the Senate out of its control over the ap-
pointments under it, and to bide the waste of the
money it appropriated; and he considered the mo-
tives for the mission to be wholly personal and in-
dividual, and invented as an indemnification to
one person for vacating his place for the benefit of
another.
That there was no necessity for a treaty with
China, was proved by the fact that our trade with
that country had been going well without one for
half a century, and was now growing and increas-
ing constantly. It was a trade conducted on the
simple and elementary principle of "here is one,"
and "there is the other"—all ready-money and bard-
.money work—no credit-system, no paper-money.
For a long time this trade took nothing but silver
dollars. At present it is taking some other arti-
cles, and especially a goodly quantity of Missouri
lead. This has taken place without a treaty, and
without an agent at $40,000 expense. All things
are going on well betwren us and the Chinese. Our
relations are purely commercial, conducted on the
simplest principles of trade, and unconnected with
political views. China has no political connexion
with us. She is not within the system, or circle, of
American policy. She can have no designs upon
us, or views in relation to us; and we have no need
of a minister to watch and observe her conduct.
Politically and commercially, the mission is use-
less. Religiously, it must be still more so; and
even if our form of government admitted ot mis-
sions to propagate the faith, an unfrocked priest
would not be the instrument to do it. The mission
is not created for the public service, but for an in-
dividual. The gentleman is "cut and dried" who
is to have it. It is made for a man; and he is
waiting to take the p'acs the instant it is cre-
ated. t
The bill was a studied fraud. It provided for
sending an agent to China, without fixing his grade
or compensation: it placed $40,000 in his hands,
and exempted him from accounting for it. It was
fraudulent in three points: in the appointment of
the agent—in the amount of his salary—and in
the accountability for his expenditures. By the
Constitution, all ministers are to be appointed by
the Senate; but this minister to China is to be
called an agent, and sent out by the President with-
out the consent of the Senate; and thus, by impos-
ing a false name upon the minister, defraui the
Senate out of their control over the appointment.
Tbe enormity of the sum shows that the mission is
to be more expensive than any one ever sent from
the United States; and that it is to be one of the
first grade, or of a higher grade than any known in
our country. Nine thousand dollars per annum,
and the same for an outfit, is the highest compen-
sation known to our service; yet this $40,000 mis-
sion may double that amount, and still the minis-
ter be only called nn agent, for the purpose of cheat-
ing theSenateout of its control over the appointment.
The bill is fraudulent ia relation to the compensation
to be given to this ambassadorial agent. No sum
is fixed, but he is to take what he pleases for him-
self and his suite. He and they are to help them-
selves; and, from the amount allowed, they may
help themselves liberally. In all other cases, sala-
ries and compensations are fixed by law, and
graduated by time; here, there is no limit either of
money or time. This mission goes by the job—
forty thousand dollars for the job—without regard
to time or cost. A summer's work, or a year's
work, it is all tbe same thing—it is a job, and is
evidently intended to enable a gentleman, who
loves to travel in Europe af;d Asia, to extend his
travels to the Celestial Empire at the expense of the
Uni'ed States, and to write "a bock. The settlement
of the accounts is a fraud upon the treasury. In
all cases of foreign mi>sions, except where secret
services are to be performed, and spies and inform-
ers to be dealt with, the accounts are settled
at the Treasury DepartEuen1, by the proper account-
ing officers; when secret services are to be covered,
the fund out of which they are paid is then called,
the contingent foreign intercourse fund; and are
settled at the State Department, upon a simple cer-
tificate that the money has been applied according
to its intention. It was in this way that the no-
torious John Henry obtained his $50,000 during
the late war; and that various othgr sums have
been paid out to secret agents at different times.
To this I do not object. Every Government, ia
its foreign intercourse, must have recourse to
some agents, and have the benefit of some
services, which would be defeated if made public;
and which must, therefore, be veiled in secrecy,
and paid for privately. This must happen in all
Governments; but not so in ihis case of the Chinese
mission. Here, secrecy is intended for what our
own minister, his secretary, and his whole suite, 8re
to receive. Not only what they may give in bribes
to Chinese, but what they take m pay to themselves,
is to be a secret. All is seMet and irresponsible!
And it wi'l not do to assimilate this mission to the
oldest Goverament in the world, to the anomalous
and anonymous missions to revolutionary countries.
