392
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Such an analogy has been attempted in defence of
this mission, and South American examples cited;
but the cases are not analogous. Informal agen-
cies; with secret objects, are proper to revolution-
ary objects; but here is to be a public mission, and
an imposing one—the grandest ever sent out from
the United States—and the London mission vacated,
in order to supply the man that is to fill it. To
attempt to assimilate such a mission to a John
Henry case, or to a South American agency, is
absurd and impudent; and is a fraud upon the sys-
tem of accountability to which all our missions
are subjected.
The expense of the mission is great and unparal-
leled. It is double the expense of a mission to the
first courts of Europe; and, besides that, involves
th,e expense of a new minister to England. The
Chinese minister and suite are to have $40,000; the
gentleman who goes to London in place ,of Mr.
Everett will have near $20,000. That gentleman
is to fee the Secretary of State; and thus $60,000 are
to be paid to get him to London! to get a gentle-
man to London, whose name cannot be submitted
to the Senate for that appointment.* I repeat it:
this whole conception of a Chinese mission, now
brought forward for the first time in the history of
our country, is a contrivance to vacate the London
mission, in the recess of the Senate, in order to fill
it with a gentleman who might not be able to pass
the Senate. This is the object! and $60,000 for
silch an object, when the treasury is bankrupt, is
attempted—when retrenchment is proclaimed—
and when 12i per centum is proposed to be taken
from the salaries of all officers, civil, naval, and
military 1
I repeat it: this mission is not created for the
country, but invented for a man; and he is now
wailing to take it, and to go and bump his head
nineteen times against the ground, in order to pur-
chase the privilege of standing up before his Celes-
tial' IMtajesiy.
And this is our work in the last night of this
Congress. It is now midnight: and, like the mid-
night which preceded the departure of the elder
Adams from the Government, the whole time is
spent in making and filling oilices. Providing lor
favorites, and feeding out of the public crib, is the
only work of those whose brief reign is drawing to
a close, and who have been already compelled by
public sentiment to undo a part of their work.
The bankrupt act is repealed by the Congress that
made it; the distribution act has shared the same
fate; and, if they had another session to sit, the
mandamus act against the States, the habeas cor-
pus against the States, this Chinese mission, and
all the other acts, would bs undone. It would be
the true realization of the story of the queen who
unravelled at night the web that she wove during
the day. As it is, enoagh has been done and un-
done to characterize this Congress—to entitle it to
the name of Ulysses' wife—not because (like the
virtuous Penelope) it resisted seduction—but be-
cause, like her, its own hands unravelled its own
work.
Mr. ARCHER desired to say a very few words,
in order to allay the apprehensions of the Senator
*from Missouri, who seemed so exceedingly dis-
turbed at the idea that the formation of commercial
relations with China could only be purchased at
the price of the sacrifice of the dignity of this coun-
try in the person of our ambassador. He could
assure the honorable Senator that the sacrifices
which his patriotic enthusiasm had led him to ap-
prehend were not likely to be realized. It was
perfectly true, as the honorable Senator had stated,
(for he was seldom mistaken in historical matters,)
that hitherto sacrifices of dignity, amounting to
ignominy, had been required by that nation; but
he had the pleasure of informing the honorable
gentleman from Missouri that the treaty stipula-
tions between that country and Great Britain pro-
vide for the abolition of those ceremonies.
[Mr. Benton. Very good! and our minister
can creep in behind the British minister, and claim
the protection of Queen Victoria's petticoats.]
The honorable Senator himself, he was sure, if
he would condescend to accept the mission, would
be enabled to render to this country the signal ser-
vice of opening a trade with three hundred and
fifty millions of people, without any such sacrifice
of dignity—without so much as a single bump of
the head. But, seriously, he would appeal to the
whole Senate to say whether it was not desirable
to negotiate commercial arrangements with China,
especially as she had expressed a desire to extend
to this country the benefits of trade upon equal
terms with Great Britain. He put it to the good
sense of the honorable Senator from Missouri, how
he could reconcile it with his ideas of justice to this
country, to throw obstacles in the way of effecting
an object so desirable? The expense would not be,
in any considerable degree, greater than that of
establishing intercourse with other nations. There
need be no apprehensions on the score of a mis-
application of the money. It was not to be in the
character of an ordinary mission; it was an extra-
ordinary mission; and in consideration of the dis-
tance, and the peculiar character of the Govern-
ment, it would be necessary that a larger sum
should be appropriated for its expenses than was
required for ordinary missions. The Senator must
see that the mission, in itself, was a matter of great
importance; and, if successful, would result in the
attainment of great advantages to this country.
Mr. BENTON thought they had enough to do,
without meddling with the Celestial Empire.
Mr. BAYARD moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were taken
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Conrad, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Henderson, Linn, McRoberts, Maneurn, Miller, Porter,
Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, White, an<3
Wright—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans, Graham,
Huntington, Kerr, Morehead, Phelps, Rives, Simmons, Smith of
Indiana, Spragne, Tallmadge, Woodbridge, and Woodbury—
24.
Mr. BENTON then moved to strike out all after
the word "reciprocity"—the effect of which would
be to leave the appropriation without any restric-
tion.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays being ta-
ken, resulted as follows:
YEAS—Messss. Allen, Bagby, Bayard, Benton, Cuthbert,
Fulton, Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum, Mil-
ler, Porter, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan,
White, and Wright—19.
NAYS—Messrs Archer, Barrow, Bates, Berrien, Buchanan,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Davton, Evans,
Graham,Huntington, Kerr, McDuffie, Morehead, Phelps, Rives,
Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Sprague, Tallmadge, and Wood-
bridge—24.
Mr. WOODBURY said, being himself friendly
to the passage of the bill, he wished to see it contain
certain limitations;—they could, at all events, do
no harm. One which he would propose. was, to
provide that the compensation to be given to
any one person should not exceed $9,000-
Mr. ARCHER said he should have no sort of
objection to the introduction of such an amend-
ment, except that it would lead to the necessity of
sending the bill back to the House of Representa-
tives; and, if the gentleman would refer to the act
by which these appropriations were restricted, he
would find that his object was already attained by
the bill as it stood.
Mr. WOODBURY said the reason why he
thought it belter to introduce into this bill the spe-
cific provision, was, that the act which was referred
to had expired.
Mr. W&LKER said there could be no possible
difference where reference was made to a partic-
ular act, whether that act bad expired or not. The
provisions of the act referred to would apply, by
whatever name the agent might be designated; 
whether he might be called commissioner, agent,
or ambassador, the provisions of the act would ap-
ply as strictly as if they were embodied in the new
act.
Mr. ARCHER, said this was precisely his view,
and he did not, therefore, conceive an amendment
to be necessary. If, however, it was thought re-
quisite, he had not the slightest objection that it
should be so amended.
The amendment was adopted.
• Mr. BENTON said the language of the biil was
studiously ambiguous. Whether the person to be„
employed was to be a commissioner, a charge, or
an agent, was not expressed. He now desired to
know whether it was to be understood that the
person or persons to be appointed, were to be ap-
pointed by the President without the consent of the
Senate.
Mr. ARCHER said he had to answer to that,
that the gentleman himself was just as competent
to inform the Senate upon this point as he (Mr.
Archer) was. He had no information regarding
it; but he wouM put it to the honorable Senate# to
say of what importance the designation of the per-
son was, provided the salary was restricted so as
net to exceed $9,000. Would it be any gratifica-
tion to the gentleman, if he informed him. that he
was to be called plenipotentiary?
Mr. BENTON said he deemed himself
ciently justified by the answer of the honorable
Senator in making the inquiry. He did not expect
that that Senator was cognisant of the counsels
of the framers ox that bill He (Mr. B.) had a
curiosity to know who it was that was to be sent
upon this mission, and it was his right to inquire.
He was not disposed to sit there and see the Seqate
defrauded of the rights which belonged to it, in pass-
ing upon an appointment of the highest grade in
the gift of the Government, where $40,000 was to
be appropriated, and without any accountability.
Mr. CONRAD said he would make a motion,
which would obviate the objection of the honorable
Senator. He submitted a motion, to the effect
that no agent be appointed without the consent of
the Senate.
Upon this motion, the yeas and nays were taken,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Archer. Bagby, Bayard, Benton,
Calhoun, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dayton, Ful*
ton, Graham, Henderson, King, Linn, McRoberts, Mangum,
Merrick, Miller, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Sprague, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, White, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright
—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Barrow, Bates, Choate, Clayton, Evans,
Kerr, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadge, and Woodbridge—9;
The bill was then reported to the Senate; and,
being engrossed, was read the third time, and
passed.
A message was received from the House,inform-
ing the Senate that the House adhered to its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate to the
civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and had
agreed to a Committee of Conference.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee of Confer-
ence on the part of the Senate, on the disagreeing
vote of ihe House to the amendment of the Senate
to the treasury note biL>, authorizing the funding of
three and a halt millions of treasury notes, report-
ed that the conferees on the part of the two Houses
had agreed to recommend to the House to recede
from its disagreement to the amendment of the
Senate; and to the Senate to agree to an amend-
ment to the amendment, providing that any stock
issued in lieu of ihe treasury notes falling due shall
be redeemable in ten years.
The Senate concurred in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. MERRICK now moved that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
BILL NO. 548.
Mr. MOREHEAD hoped the Senator from
Maryland would permit him to make a motion to
proceed to the consideration of the biil from the
House (No. 548) which had been reported from the
Committee on Retrenchment, with several amend-
ments. This was the last chance that would offer
for taking it up.
Mr. MERRICK said he could not yield; 548
could be disposed of after,they had finished the ex-
ecutive business.
[This was the last that the reporters heard of bill
No. 548.]
The motion of Mr. Merrick was then agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded to consider executive
business. After some time spent therein, the Sen-
ate resumed legislative business.
The door leading to the reporter's gallery not
having been opened for some time after the Senate
resumed legislative business, the reporters are un-
able to state precisely what occurred between the
resumption of business and the admission of the
reporters to the gallery. When they entered,
Mr. KING was on the floor, denouncing, with
much warmth, the proposition to give the printers
