CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39$
of the present Congress 20 per cent, moie for ex-
ecuting the public priming than they had contract-
ed" for. He looked upon it as a most corrupt pro-
ceeding—a robbery committed upon the pockets of
the people.
The reporters now understood that it was the
report of the Committee of Conference on the dis-
agreeing votes on the civil and diplomatic bill, that
was under discussion.
* Mr. EVANSsaid, if it was the object of gen-
tlemen to defeat the bill, they could no doubt effect
iti y continuing the discussion. For his part, he
had no such object, and should therefore not say
another word.
Mr. WRI3HT observed, that having taken a
considerable part in this debate last night, he was
perhaps obnoxious to the inference to be drawn
from the Senator's remarks. He should not, how-,
ever, now occupy the time of the Senate, except
merely to ask if he was right m certain facts which
he proposed now to state. And the first fact which
he supposed* to exist was, that the printers for the
House of Representatives of the last Congress
were paid 15 per cent, below the rates of printing
autherized by the resolution of 1819. The next
fact was, that the printers of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the present Congress contracted to do
the printing at 5 per cent, below the rates of print-
ing for the last Congress. And the next fact was,
that the provision now introduced into this bill
proposes to give the present printers 20 per cent,
above the price stipulated by their own contract.
If he was right in these simple facts—and he be-
lieved he was—there was another question in ref-
erence to compensating the printers ot' Congress
for work other thaB that of contiact work for the
House. And that question was in relation to both
the present printers of the Senate and the late print-
ers, in connexion with the subject of printirg the
Compendium of the Census.
The same majority who wish to add 20 percent,
to the contract price of printing for the present
printers, deny to the late printers either their con-
tract price, or the expenses out of pocket in doing
the work of their contract. And this refusal was
grounded, as an honorable Senator had admitted
and ^vewed, on the assumption that the late print-
ers to Congress had made themselves so rich by
their contract as printers, at prices 15 per cent, be-
iow the rates of the resolution of 1819, that they
could have no claim on the chanty of Congress to
do'them even the justice of paying them their due.
Now, he believed it was very true that ttiose gen-
tlemen had become rich on the fair profits of their
contract as printers for Congress. He was even
willing to say, with the gentlemen opposite, that
they got ail they contracted for, and they deserved
nothing from the charity of Congress. But if it be
sot—that the late printers, at rates 15 per c?nt. be-
low the rates of 1819, made a fortune out of their
contract; and that the present printers of the House
of Representatives had, previously, for a period at
least five times as long, enjoyed the printing con-
tracts at the rates of 1819, and therefore should
have made a fortune as much larger than that of
the late printers as their time was longer, and their
prices were higher;—on what principle of common
sense, or reasonable pretence, did they now come
forward asking Congress for this charity?
He was told, indeed, that the argument out of
doors was, that their contract with the present
Congress was a losing contract—that the prices
did not afford them a fair compensation tor the
work they did. Well, if that really was so, the
jobs must have been vastly more extensive, which
the late printers hud to do, if they enabled them
in two or three sessions to make ample fortunes
with barely 5 per cent, more than the rates con-
tracted for by the present printers. But here
again comes another question of fact: were the
printing jobs executed by the printers of the late
Congress really more extensive, or of greater
magnitude, than those executed by the printers of
the present Congress? And he met this question
at once, by an unqualified assertion that they were
not. He had the fact from an intelligent member
of the other House—an observant man, on whose
judgment'the fullest reliance might be placed—that
not only the ordinary printing for. this Congress
was as extensive as that of any Congress for the
last twenty years; but that the extra numbers of
copies ordered of documents deemed important,
were more frequent and greater than the
average of the whole twenty years. So much,
then, for the justice, equity, and reasonableness of
this claim cf 20 per cent, additional on the prices
of printing contracted for by the printers of the
House of Representatives for this Congress.
Now, he was very willing to admit that the print-
er of the Senate was not to be considered as stand-
ing on the same ground. The rules and practice
of the two Houses have not been at all in compar-
ison. He was ready to say, in all candor, that not
only had the otdinary printing of the Senate been
considerably curtailed, but that, in consequence of
the rsference of matters heretefore considered sub-
jects for printing to a Committee on Printing, the
number of extra copies of general documents was
not as great as the printer might have expected.
But he believed the usual practice was still pursued ,
in repard to ordering the standard extra copies of
particular documents—such as the President's mes-
sage and accompanying documents, &c.; from
which the main profits of the printer were derived.
He would not, however, take up the time of the
Senate, further than to say, that it certainly was
not unreasonable of those who were unable to per-
ceive any just ground for this claim, to ask to re-
cord their names against a proposition to bestow a
gilt upon printers who have had such opportuni-
ties of making their fortunes, meiely bccause they
were either neglectful of advantages in their own
hands, or imptovident in reaping the benefits they
were afforded.
Mr. WOODBURY inquired of the Chair who
were the Committee of Conference?
The CHAIR replied: Oa the part of the House,
Messrs. Pillmobb, Botts, and G. Davis. On the
part of the Senate, Messrs. Evans, Tallmadge,
and Sevier
Mr. WOODBURY then rose and remarked that
his purpose was merely to observe that it appeared
to him ihe Sena'e now proposed to vote away vol-
untarily, as a gift, thirty or forty thousand dollars
out cf borrowed money. It could not even be said
that a claim had been set up by anybody for this
gift. Thpre was no memorial; no petition; no case
proved; no evidence to show that the printers had
suffered loss by their contract. There was nothing
but a vague and general supposition of gentlemen,
who knew nothing of the details of the printing
business—resting, merely, on the assertions of
the individuals who were to be the benefi-
ciaries of the gift. If there had been a pe-
tition or a memorial setting up a claim, it
could have been referred to a committee; and
some investigation might have been made. There
might have been a report from the Committee on
Claims; and if a bill was presented, it would have had
to go through the ordinary stages of legislation,
giving a full opportunity for sifting its merits; and
there could be no doubt of jus.tice being done to
both the claimant and the public. But, instead of
that, as presumptive evidence that the proposition
could not stand thelest of scrutiny, suddenly, on the
last night of the session, it is introduced as a rider
on an appropriation bill, which it is well known
must be passed; and, without time for deliberation,
inquiry, or reflection, a large sum is voted away,
without being subjected to practical legislation at
all- It was, to say ihe least of it, exceedingly ir-
regular. If the party had suffered any grievance
by transactions with Congress, why not take the
course required of every other citizen, and apply
in due form, at a seasonable period of the session,
by petition and memorial. If the claim was sound
and good, it would be sure to meet with a fair re-
port from the proper standing committee. But here
nothing of the kind was done,evidently because there
wps neither ju t ground of complaint nor reason-
ableclaim. Without lhattestimony of claim requir-
edfrom every other citizen,by a mere rider on a gen-
eral appropriation bill, a large gift is made to an
individual, (for it is not shown that it is anything
else than a gift;) and that, too, under circumstances
so suspicious and indefensible, that it cannot fail
to meet public condemnation. Gentlemen on the
opposite side, under all the circumstances, ought,
for their own sake®, to recede at once from their
amendment. It is a glaring act of abuse of the
legislative powers, of injustice to the public, and
of inexcusable burden on the treasury. It could
not be defended on the ground that riders were
quite common on appropriation bills; for never till
now did he recollect of any rider being put upon
atl appropriation bill, unless it was the substance of
a matured, specific bill, thoroughly inve'stigated
and previously discussed, or recommended by a re-
pert of some committee. Nothing of this kind had
been done in regard to this proposition. It was a
matter of mere gratuity, kept out of sight till the
last moment, and then suddenly pressed forward in
a manner that defied either investigation, delibera-
tion^ opposition. No possible injustice can be
done to the party by letting the matter lie over, to
undergo the ordinary course of legislation hereaf-
ter.
Mr. WALKER remarked, that there was a
great deal of ordinary legislative business yet to
be disposed of, for the despatch of which but a few
hours of the s?ssion yet remained. He did not
even allude to the large quantity of executive busi-
ness 10 be disposed of, but to the most important
bills of the session, awaiting the action of the Sen-
ate. It was plain, then, that the vote should be
taken without further debate. He should vote with
his friends on this occasion now, as he had done
from the beginning, in relation to this proposition.
But he prayed that the vote should now be takrn.
The question was on concurring with the report
of the Committee of Conference.
The report was read. It recommends:
1st. That the House recede from its disagree-
ment to ihe amendment of the Senate, increasing
the pay of the printers to the present Congress te
the rafes allowed by the joint resolution of 1819.
21. That the Senate recede from its amendment,
increasing the pay of T. Allen, and of Biair &
Rives, for printing the Compendium of the Sixth
Census. But the committee also recommends the
adoption of a clause, providing that nothing con-
tained in this bill shall operate as a bar to the
claims of Allen sndB!air& Rives, hereafter, for
the full amount of compensation for executing the
printing of the. Compendium.
3d. That the House recede from its disagreement
to ihe Senate's amendment, by which the appro-
priation for the salaries of the Recorder and Soli-
citor of the General Land Office is retained.
4th. That the House and Senate recede from the
several amounts named by them as the salaries of
travelling agents of the Post Office Department;
and that the sum of $1,250 be fixed as the annual
pay of those officers.
A division of the question was demanded.
The CHAIR said he had examined with much
anxiety the subject of ihe division of a question on
the report of a Committee of Conference, and had
come to the conclusion, on the reasonableless of the
case, that it would be exceedingly embarrassing to
admit of any such division. He hoped, therefore,
it would meet ihe approval of ihe Senate that
he' should decide that the question did cot admit of
a division.
The call for the division of the question, was not
urjfed; and the yeas and nays having been called
for, and ordered, the question was taken on con-
curring wish the report of the Committee of Con-
ference, and decided in the affirmative—yeas 27,
nays 17, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer, Barrow, Bates, Bayard, Berrien,
Choate, Clayton, Conrad, Crafts, Crittenden, Dayton, Evans,
Graham, Hendetson, Kerr, Marigum, Merrick, Miller, More-
beaii, Phelps, Porter, Rives, Simmons, Smith of Indiana, Tall- .
madge, White, and Woodbridge— 27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bagtiy, Benton, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Cuthhert, Fulton, King, Linn, McRoberts, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wilcox, Williams, Woodbury, and Wright—17.
On motion by Mr. PORTER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration, as in committee of the
whole, of the bill for the relief of Thomas Weaver
and Jacob Heyberger, sureties of the Norristown.
Railroad Company.
Mr. PORTER withdrew the amendment he pro-
posed, to add, as an additional section to this bill,
the bill permitting railroad iron ts be imported
free of duty.
