394
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, and
passed.
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers
of Sarah Barber.
On motion by Mr. ARCHER, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files the petition and papers
of Richard Harris and Nimrod Farrow.
On -motion by Mr. MERRICK, leave was
granted to withdraw the papers of William Jones.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, leave was
granted to withdraw the papers of Mr. McMurtrie
from the files.
. On motion, the Senate, about 10 o'clock, pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and whatever of legislative business the Senate
transacted after that hour, the reporters had no
meaBs of ascertaining, not having had access to the
gallery. They remained in and about the vesti-
bule and rotundo till half-psst 3 o'clocn, a. m., at
which hour the dcor  of the Senate were thrown
open; but that body had then closed iis labors.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 3.
■ The reading'of the journal of yesterday was in
part dispensed with.
Mr. LOWELL presented the petition of Byron
W. Darling, and 144 other citizens of Blue Hill,
Maine, praying Congress for an additional duty on
sailed lumber, spars, piles, wood, buk, &c., from
the Briiith provinces; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
On motions severally made by Messrs. CARU-
THERSand BIRDSEYE, the 16ih and 17ih joint
rules were suspended, so as to admit certain pri-
vate bills to be sent to the Senate and the Presi-
dent.
COTTON RIGGING.
Mr. PICKENS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the. Navy repent to the next
Congress all the evidence and tacts that can be obtained in re-
lation to the fitness and use of cotton as an article tor sails and
roping in the navy, and shipping of the country; and, also,
that the Secretary of War report to the next Congress on the
fitness of the same article for tents, &c,
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON offered as an amendment
the following:
Resolved, That the ^ecietary of the Navy inform this House
what has caused the delay in making ihe annual statement, ie-
quired by (he resolution of the House ot August iil, 1842,
showing the "amount o< expenditure of each vessel for the pie-
ceding year, including all expends in repair thereof, and for
thearmamcntand equipment thereof, and all expenses in keep,
ingher afloat, ll allo.it, ot in dot k, it lying up; also, the num-
ber of days duiing the year that each f-hip was actually at sen;
and that a similar repot t ol each fhip hereaftor built or pur-
chased be made, &o a* to exhibit ait annual and aggregate ac-
count of the co->Uj and expenses ot each ship, and the service
rendered by it to the country; and, ;dbo, specifying the amount
of materials, as well as the amount for labor in the building or
repairing each ship;" which said annual statement is to be
made the ''first week m Januaiy in each year, or as early
thereafter an practicable."
Mr. WISE objected to the amendment, and it
was not received.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Public
Expenditures, made a report. Mr. L. i ffered
a resolution calling for information as 10 the num-
ber of defaulters Mnce March, 1841; tut objection
was made.
Mr. STANLY wished the Hou*e to take yp a
bill for the relief of Mrs. Mary W. Thompson,
widow of the late Colonel Thompson.
Mr. TALIAFERRO made a speech in lehslf of
Nancy Poleriski.
The bill for her relief was taken up, and passed;
and the rules suspended, so as to permit it to be
sent to the President.
Mr. STANLY moved to take up the bill above
mentioned, (for the relief of Mrs. Thompson.)
The bill was taken up, and passed.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL made a report, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, embodying a
plan for the classification of the officers and clerks
of the Government: laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PRINTING CHARTS.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL offered a resolution,
making it the duty of the Clerk to furnish fifty
copies of all maps and charts furnished by the
Topographical Bureau, to that bureau; and also
copies of all scientific documents printed by order
of the House.
Mr. I. stated that these officers were in the habit
of preparing maps and charts for Congress, which
were printed, and they received no copies what-
ever.
Mr. FILLMORE offered an amendment, author-
izing the printing of the charts accompanying the
report from the War Department in relation to
lake harbors—provided the cost of the same shall
not exceed the cost of the paper and press-work
used.
The amendment was agreed to; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was adopted.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL STATIS-
TICS.
Mr. SHIELDS offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be, and he 13 hereby,
required to procure, through the consular and diplomatic agents
of this Government abroad, and such other means as to him
may seem most suitable, full and accurate information as to the
wholesale and retail prices in foreign markets, during the year
commencing on the 1st day of December last, of all commodi-
ties upon which duties are levied under existing laws, as well
as of audi as are imported free of duty—with the rates ol in-
surance, freight, and commissions, usually chatged at the
places of expoit upon said commodities, when imported into
this country; the modes and terms of sale customary there;
the average rates of exchange during each month in said year;
and the true par of exchange between this and eachfoieign
country: also, as to the duties of export and import; and, as
far as practicable, the various internal taxes levied upon such
commodities, either in a crude, partially manufactured, or
wholly complete state; together with the rates of wa^es m the
various branches and occupations of labor and of personal
service in the business of commerce and trade. And it shall
be hid duty, also, to procure, from said consuls and diplomatic
agents, full and regular files of price-current sheets, for said
year, at each of the most important foreign markets; and such
othet document's and publications as may exhibit truly the in-
formation called for in thin resolution —which shall be trans-
muted to this House ar the next session of Congress; and from
which, together with the reports leceived fiom said agents, and
such other information as may be obtained, he shall compile,
and have punted, for the use of this IJourfti, a document, em-
bodying ail the information called for, arranged m such manner
as to be most convenient tor reference ami comparison—exer-
cising special care, in all instance?, to give said information in
Federal currency, weights, and measures.
Mr. BRIGGS offered the following as an amend-
ment:
Mesolved, That the Clerk cause to be prepared a genei a!
statistical statement of the fundiBg system of the United States
and ot Great Utitain, by Jonathan Elliot, to he accompanied by
such tabular faetsof" otSu-r nations, touching the same subject,
as may tend to more fully illustrate said statement.
Mr. MERIWETHER wished to know how
much less than ten thousand dollars this latter
scheme would cost.
No answer was heard
The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion, as amended, adopted.
The SPEAKER submitted a series of executive
communications; which were laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
At the instance of Mr. POPE, the bill for the
relief of George Harrison was taken up and passed.
DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called up the bills reported
from the Committee for the District of Columbia;
and, after some opposition, the following were
passed;
The bill to provide for the completion of the
lunatic asylum in Washington City.
The bill to provide for the completion of the
Potomac bridge.
The bill making an appropriation for the sup-
port of the lunatics now in the Baltimore Asylum,
until the asylum in this city shall be completed.
The bill incorporating the orphan asylum and
female free school in Alexandria.
POST ROUTES.
Mr. W. SMITH moved to take up the bill from
the Senate to repeal certain parts of the act of 31;t
August, 1842, establishing certain post routes;
which bill was reported from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, with a recommenda-
tion that it be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. FILLMORE objeeted.
Mr. W. SMITH moved a suspension of the
rulrs; but the motion was not carried.
Mr. S. said he had obtained a decision, and was
satisfied.
Mr. GWIN moved that the House go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. A. V. BROWN endeavored to persuade
the House to take up and pass the bill for the re-
lief of Walker, Caruthers, & Co.
A message was received from the Senate, an-
nouncing the suspension by that body of the 17th
joint rate, which prohibits bills which pass to-day
from being sent to the President.
The resolution of the Senate suspending this rule
was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN slill insisting on his motion to go
into committee, it was put and lost.
RATES OP POSTAGE.
The act to reduce the rates of postage was taken
up; the question being on the disagreement of the
Senate to the amendments of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS ineved that the House insist on its
amendments; and
Under the operation of the previous question,
,the motion was decided in the affirmative.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, esq., their Secretary, returning
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, with
certain amendments.; and,
On. motion of Mr. FILLMORE, the same was
referred to Ihe Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. FILLMORE submitted a resolution, provi-
ding that all debate in Committee of the Whole on
the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill shall
cease in one hoar after the bill shall be taken up
in committee; and that the committee shall then
proceed 10 vote on the amendments of the Senate
thereto, together with such amendments as may be
made to the same. After which, the bill and
amendments thall be reported to the House.
This resolution was adopted.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WISE, from the managers on the part of the
Committee of Conference appointed to confer on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the naval appropriation bill, made
the following report:
The managers on the part of the House of Representatives,
on the disagreeing vote of the two Houses on the 6th amend*
ment of the Senate to House bill No. 659, report that they have
confeired with the manaeere on the part of the Senate, and rec-
ommend to the House of Representatives to adopt, as a substi-
tute for the said amendment of the Senate, the following provis-
ion, to wit:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is hereby directed to cause
an examination to be made of the expediency, practicability,
and probable expense of constructing a dry-dock in the harbor
ofNew Yoik, upon the plan of using, as an elevating power,
the water of the Oroton aqueduct, and of sufficient capacity to
rebuild orrepaira 74-gun ship; and to cause an examination of
any other plan or plans of a dry-dock or floating dock in paid
iiaibor, deemed wouhy by the Secretary to be reported upon;
and to report the result of euch examination, with his opinion
thereof), to the next session of Congress. And all further ex-
penditure?, under the appiopriations heretofore made for the
dry-dock in said harbor, shall be suspended until the 1st day of
January next. And the sum of one hundred thousand dollars
shall be, and the same hereby is, appropriated for theconstruc*
tion of a floating dry dock at Pensacola, of capacity sufficient
for the repair of frigates of the smaller class, and upon such
plan as the Secretary of the Navy shall approve "
Mr. Wise having moved the previous question
on adopting the report,
Mr. CALHOUN raised the question of order,
that the report must be considered in Committee
of the Whole, on the ground that it involved new
appropriations.
Mr. WISE denied that any new appropriation
was involved in the report; and, after a brief con-
versation between Messrs. WISE and CALHOUN,
The SPEAKER overruled the point of order.
Mr. FILLMORE called for a division of the
question, so as to take it, first, on that part of the
report relating to the Brooklyn dry-dock; and, sec-
ond, on the remainder of the report.
Mr. WISE contended that the repot t was not
susceptible ot a division; that, although it embraced
two propositions, yet, being the result of a com-
mittee of conference, in which one of the proposi-
tions would not have been accepted without the
other, the report itself was a whole, and could not
be divided.
The SPEAKER having decided that the report
was susceptible of division,
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nay?; which
having been ordered, the question was taken, first,
(under the operation of the previous question,)
on the first branch of the report, relative to the
