CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
395
Brooklyn dry-dock, and decided in the affirmative
—yeas 149, nays 20.
The question was then taken on the second
branch of the report, and also decided in the affirm-
ative—yeas 100, nays 23.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. FILLMORE, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole, (Mr.
McKennan of Pennsylvania in the chair,) and
took up the amendments of the Senate to the civil
and diplomatic appropriation bill.
The amendments having been read—
Mr. FILLMORE said that he would make an
explanation of the several amendments, before
passing on them in committee.
The first amendment related to the printing of
Congress; simply declaring, by law, that resolu-
tions of the two Houses separately shall not con*
trol the settlement of the accounts for this object;
and the effect of it is to raise the prices of the print-
ing of the House up to what they were under the
law of 1819.
The next amendment related to the appropria-
tion made in the House for defraying the expenses
of printing what was called the Compendium of
ttje Sixth Census. This House made an appro-
priation covering the actual outlay of the persons
who did the work; and the Senate had increased
that appropriation, providing that the accounts
shall be settled and paid for at the rates paid by
the House for its printing. He confessed it seemed
to him to be but reasonable that these persons
shonld be paid as well for their labor, with some
reasonable profit, a? for their actual outlay.
He proceeded to notice the other amendments of
the Senate in succession, with brief explanatory re-
marks, which were not heard with dis'inctness at
the reporters' desk.
Mr. PICKENS addressed the ccmmittee in op-
position to the amendment by whici the pay of
the printers to this Huctse was to be increased, and
showed that the reduction in the price of printing
which had been agrsed upon at the commence-
ment of the session was reasonable and just, as the
printing could now be done with greater cheap-
ness than formerly. He hoped, therefore, that the
well-considered retrenchment which the House
had effected would not thus be defeated by an ltum
in the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, at
this last hour of the session. He also made some
ebservatiODS expressive of his views on other
amendments in the bill, particularly advocating
a concurrence in those which proposed to remove
the statue of Washington to a place in which it
would do credit to the artist and to the country, and
to pay just extra compensation to the gallant offi-
cers of the exploring expedition, by whom valua-
ble public servicfs were rendered to the country.
Mr. G. DAVIS next obtained the floor; but he
was stopped by
The CHAIRMAN, who said there were gentle-
men s'anding near the speaker, [Mr. Davis,] in
the aisle, who must take their seats.
[Mr. Prcffit of Indiana was the gentleman
particularly alluded to. He was employed, with
Mr. Wise and others, at the desk of Mr. Fillmore,
chairman ef the Committee of Ways and Means,
(who hjid the civil and diplomatic bill in charge.)
in an examination of the amendments which the
committee had to act upon; the manuscript copy in
the care of Mr. Fillmore being the only one to
which the members had access.]
Mr. PROFFIT expressed his astonishment at
the peremptory and unusual manner in which the
Chairman had commanded him to take his feat.
He said that was the only place where he could see
the amendments made to the bill; and he thought
he had a right to examine those amendments upon
which he should be called to give his vote.
The CHAIRMAN (peremptorily.) The gentle-
man from Indiana must take his siat.
Mr. PROFFIT stood for a moment, evidently in
great astonishment, and then said, firmly: Sir, I
will not take my seat.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Indi-
ana is ordered to take his seat.
A great sensation was instantaneously created,
and much confusion ensued. Some half a dozen
gentlemen sprang to the floor, and each addressed
the Chair; the Chairman peremptorily ordering the
gentleman from Indiana to his seat at the same
time. Some observations were made on the hyper-
criticism of the Chairman, who had corrected the
gentleman from South .Carolina, [Mr. Pickeks,]
who, in the hurry of debate, addressed the Chair-
man as "Mr. Speaker," instead of "Mr. Chair-
man," and on the unusual strictness of discipline
which he was so peremptorily enforcing; and others
called upon the committee to rise, that the lan-
guage of the gentleman from Indiana might be re-
ported to the.Houi-e. Of the latter, there were Mr.
G. DAVIS, Mr. A. H. H. STUART, Mr. BRIGGS,
and some others.
Mr. BOTTS protested against the conduct of.
the Chairman. He asserted positively that the
gentleman from Ind ana was not out of dfder; and
he begged the Chairman to bear in mind that the
House of Representatives was not a school-house.
[Cries of "order," and confusion.]
Mr. WISE (who was also at Jtfr. Fillmore's
desk) rose, and, with great blandness of manner,
appealed to the House to let this matter drop. He
hoped, on this last day of the ses'ion, nothing se-
rious would grow out of such a circumstance. He
would be responsible for his friend [Mr. Piioffit]
that he would keep order.
Mr. OLIVER, during these proceedings, had
drawn Mr. Prcffit to his desk, and succeeded in
pouring oil on the troubled waters; and the affjir
was allowed to terminate.
Mr. GARRETT DAVIS then proceeded to dis-
cuss the amendment which proposed to pay Messrs.
Blair & Rives and Mr. Allen tor printing the Com-
pendium of the Sixth Census, going over the well-
known detailed statement of ihat business.
Mr. W. SMITH made some explanatory s'ate-
ments.
Mr. J. C. CLARK then replied to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. G. Davis,] and advo-
cated the payment to Mr. Allen of the amount
stated in the bill.
Mr. GORDON opposed'the item proposing an
increase of pay to the printers to this House; and
stated that the present printers were instrumental
in procuring a reduction of the price of printing to
the amount of five per cent, below that at which it
had been done by Messrs. Blair & Rives; and that,
at that price, they could do the printing at a living
profit. They had thus driven other printers from
the course of competition; and now, at the close of
the session, they were to have the original prices
restored, by which at least $25,000 would be put
into their pockets. He protested against such a
procedure.
After a few remarks from Mr. FILLMORE and
Mr. MERIWETHER, the question was taken,
by tellers, on the amendment proposing to give ad-
ditional pay to the printers, and the committee re-
fused to concur; the vote being—ayes 60, noes 66.
The question next recurred on the amendment of
the Senate, striking out $15,849 64, as the amount
to be paid Thomas Allen for printing 20,000 copics
of the Census, and $8,924 82 to be paid to Blair
& Rives for printing the same document; and in-
serting, in lieu thereof, a clause directing a sum not
exceeding $43,579 66, to be paid to Thomas Al-
len, and not exceeding §24,050 to be paid Blair &
Rives for printing the same document—with a pro-
viso that neither Thomas Allen nor Blair & Rives
shall be paid at a greater rate than that paid for
the public printing at the present session of Con-
gress—the charges to be verified by practical print-
era.
After a verbal amendment by Mr. Fillmore—
The question was taken upon the amendment of
the Senate above'stated, and it was lost—ayes 50,
neos not counted.
Tae next amendment of the Senate, legalizing
the clerks and officers employed temporarily at
resent, was rejected.
The next amendment ef the Senate, reinstating
the appropriation of the salaries of the Recorder
and Solicitor of the General Land Office, which had
been stricken out by the House, was agreed to—
ayes 66, Boes 60.
The next amendment, making an appropriation
of $40,000 for a custom-house at Wilmington,
, North Carolina, was taken up.
Mr. BARNARD moved to amend it, by adding
thereto a clause making an appropriation of $60,-
000 for the preservation and repair of works for
the improvement of harbors and navigation of
rivers hereiofoie commenced, and for which no ap-
propriation has been made this session.
Mr. W. SMITH contended that the amendment
was not in order.
The CHAIR decided it was.
Mr. - MERIWETHER moved to amend the
amendment by adding $40,000 for a custom-house
at Savannah. Rejected.
The amendment of the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnabd] was also rejected—ayes 54,
noes not counted.
Various amendments to the amendment of the
Senate were offered and rejected—by Mr. BOARD-
MAN, $10,000 for a new light-house at New Ha-
ven; by Mr. WASHINGTON, $10,000 for a cus-
tom-house at Newbern, North Carolina; by Mr.
KING,-$20 000 for a custom-house at Savannah,
Georgia.
The amendment of the Senate above mentioned
was then agreed to.
The next amendment, making an appropriation
for three months' extra allowance to the officers of
the exploring expedition, was concurred in—ayes
84, noes not counted.
The next amendment, appropriating $1,300 for
preserving the botanical specimens brought home
by the exploring squadron; and $5,000 for remov-
ing the statue of Washington, and erecting a tem-
porary covering over it, in the front grounds of
the Capitol, under the direction of Mr. Greenougb,
was concurred in.
Also, the amendment appropriating $1,000 for
an agent to superintend the transmission of the
mail irom Chagtes, across the isthmus, to Pa-
nama.
Also, the amendment appropriating §1,454 for
palling down the old lurnaces, and erecting new
ones, underneath the rctundo of the Capitol, ac-
cording to the proposition of John Skirving.
Mr. CALHOUN made an inpffectual attempt (o
obtain an appropriation of $4,000 for completing
the ventilation of the Capitol.
The next amendment of the Senate, increasing
the salaries of the travelling agents of the Post
Office Department from $1,000 to $1,500, wasnon-
concuned in.
The amendments being all through,
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the committee
rise, and report the bill.
Mr. PROFFIT inquired whether it would be ia
order to move an amendment respecting his refusal,
on the order of the Chairman, to take his seat.
The CHAIRMAN proceeded to make a state-
ment.
Mr. PROFFIT wished to know whether the
amendment he bad intimated would be m order.
The CHAIRMAN ssid not.
Mr. PROFFIT said he designed to appeal to tbe
House in relation to the manner in which he had
been treated.
During the sitting of the committee, several mes-
sages were received from the Senate and the Presi-
dent; and several bills returned from the Senate
with amendments were committed;
The committee then rose, and reported the bill
with the amendments.
Mr. L. W. ANDREWS moved the previous
question; which was sustained.
The question first came up on concurring in the
amendments of the Senate, providing that neither
of the two Houses shall, by resolution of its own,
fix the prices of the public printing—the effect of
it being to raise the prices of tbe printing of the
two Houses 20 per cent., or what they were under
the joint resolution of 1819.
The yeas and nays having been ordered, the
question was taken on this amendment, and de-
cided in the negative—yeas 59, nays 88, as follows:
YEAS—Messvs. Adams, LandafF W. Andrews, Barnard,
Barton, Bjrdseye, Biair, Boardman, Boiden, Botts, Briggs,
-r-,..... trIc,
Brockway, Ttios. J. Campbell, Childs, John C. Clark, 
Cooper, Cranston, Cravens, Cuehing  Everett, Fillmore, Gates,
Granger, Hall, Howard, Joseph R. Ingersoil, Wm. W. Irwin,
William Cost Johnson, I?aac D. Jones, John P. Kennedy,
King, Linn, McKennan, Mathiot, Morgan, Morris, Morrow,
Pearce, Pope, Powell, Proffit, Alexander Randall, Slade, Alex*
ander H, H. Stuart, Taliaferro, Richard W, Thompson, Tilling-
