400
CONGRESSIONAL (£LOBE.
which, after being read for information, fee moved
a suspension of the rules: negatived.
•Whereas by a resolution adopted on the 23d ult., the House
directed the Secretary of the Treasury, among other things, to
report the amount of the appropriations for each year, from
the 4th of March, 1829, to the 4th of March, 1843, exclusive of
public debt and trust funds:
And whereas it is necessary to a fair and full understanding
of the financial economy of the several administrations inter-
vening, that a thorough discrimination should be made between
expenditures, ordinary and extraordinary, of that eventful
period; and also between appropriations made of unborrowed
atid borrowed moneys: therefore,
JR&MMecfc^Tkat tne Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
report to ^hfs House a statement showing the amount of the ap-
propriations for each year, frcra the 4th of March, 1829, to the
4§th of March, 1843, discriminating between appropriations or-
binary—-such as those for the support of the civil administra-
tion, army and navy, personel and materiel, on the peace estab-
lishment—and extraordinary, such as not only public debt and
trust funds, but also feuch as those made on account of the Flor-
ida war; purchases of Indian lands; removal of Indians; pay-
ment for property taken for public use, and injuries committed
during hostilities; donations to objects in the District of Colum-
bia; survey of the coast; claims of States for war debts; taking
the census; duties' refunJed; materials fur increase of the navy;
durable public buildings, roads, bridges, canals, breakwaters;
improvements m rivers and harbors; fortifications, pensions,
gratuities; exploring expedition, &c.; distinguishing, also, be-
tween appropriations made from unborrowed, and those from
borrowed moneys; and that said report be appended to, and
published with, the repoit directed by the' House, on the 23d
ult., to be made on the subject of public expenditures.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, made an unfavorable report on
the petition of Amos Wade, praying for remission
of dntie«.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia moved to take up the
bill No. 25, for the relief of Mrs. Nourse.
Mr. STEENROD moved to take up the bill No.
32, fixing the compensation of pensinn agents.
Mr. SMITH moved that the Committee of the
Whole be discharged .from the further considera-
tion of bill No. 25; and
Mr. STEENROD moved that thi; Committee of
the Whole be discharged from the further consid-
eration of bill No. 32.
All these motions were pronounced out of order.
[During this, time', and, indeed, the whole of the
evening session, there was a great deaf of noise and
confusion; numbers of members trying to obtain
the floor, and offering motions which were either
out of order, or not heard by the Chair.]
GENERAL JACKSON'S FINE.
Mr. GWIN moved that the House resolve ittelf
into Committer; of the Whole, for the purpose of
taking up the bill to refund the fine of General
Jftcksoiii
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY called for the yeas and
nays.
Great confusion ensued; but ultimately the yeas
and navs were taken, apd they resulted as follows:
yeas 77, nays 83.
Mr. CUSHING submitted the usual resolution
for the appointment of a committee to wan upon
the President, and inform him that, if he had no
further communication to make, the two Houses
.of Congress were ready to adjourn.
Mr. J. R. INGERSOLL wished, first, to call up
a motion for the printing of 5,000 extra copies of
the reports of the two committees on the two hun-
dred million national stock projel.
Mr. TALIAFERRO also moved that the Com-
mittee of the Whole be discharged from some bill
in relation to the Patent Office; but its precise ob-
ject was not heard.
After some other irregular proceedings, Mr.
Cdshing's resolution was adopted.
Mr. PROFFIT offered a resolution to pay extra
compensation to the clerks and messengers of the
House; but, as it was objected to, it was with-
drawn.
Mr. J. P. KENNEDY was understood to move
a modification of Mr. J. R, Ikgersoll's motion,
so as to fix 3,000 as the extra number of copies of
the reports to be printed.
Mr. BEESON offered an amendment; hut, as
the previous question had been moved on Mr. J.
R. Ingersoll's motion, it was not in order.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the mo-
tion on the table; and it was carried.
Various motions were made; but they were ob-
jected to, and were not acted upon.
Mr. ADAMS offered a resolution which was un-
derstood to be declaratory of some general princi-
ples in relation to (he capture at Monterey,
As objections were made, he moved a suspension
of the roles.
Mr. MALLORY called for the yeas and nays;
and, being ordered, they resulted as follows—yea5
74, nays 83.
Mr. BEESON moved a suspension of the
rules, in order to enable him to get in his resolu-
tion. The motion was rejected.
Mr. C. J. INGERSOLL offered a resolution, di-
recting the Clerk to pay the several pages, mesi
sengers, &c.,-of the House, $100 each in addition
to their regular compensation.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia objected to the recep-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved a suspension of
the rules, in order to get the resolution in.
Mr. SMITH of Virginia asked for the yeas and
nay; which were ordered:thereupon, the resolution
was withdrawn.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON aiktd if the hour of 12
bad not arrived? and wished to know if a mo-
tion to adjourn was not in order.
The CHAIR requested the gentleman to sus-
pend his motion a moment. ■
Mr. LEVY attempted to have passed a resolu-
tion, calling on the Secretary of ihe Navy for in-
formation in lelation to the construction of a ma-
rine hospital at Key West, in Florida.
The SPEAKER said the hour of 12 had arrived,
and no new business could be introduced.
Mr. T. F MARSHALL rose and said he moved
that there be printed, for the use of the House,
20,000 extra copies of the report of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. W. C. Johnson,] in relation
to the |200,000,000 scheme for advancing the
credit of the country.
[Many members: "The motion is not in order."]
Mr. MARSHALL said he would withdraw the
motion so soon as he had spoken.
After some conversation between the SPEAKER
and Mr. MARSHALL, the latter withdrew his
motif.n.
While the House was waiting for action on the
part of the Senate, conversation occurred at inter-
vals on various subjects of no interest, on the part
of several members, interspersed with sundry
pauses. At last,
Mr. PICKENS observed that he had repeatedly
known the House to adjourn without hearing from
the Senate, which had business apart from its con-
nexion wiih the House of Representatives. The
Senate was now in executive session, and there
was no reoton why the House should wait for it.
The SPEAKER inquired whether the gentleman
proposed to send a separate message to the Presi-
dent from this House?
Mr. PICKENS said he did.
[Here there was another pause.]
Mr PICKENS moved that a committee wait on
the President of the United States, and inform him
that the House of Representatives, having transact-
ed all the business before it, was ready to adjourn,
provided he had no further communication to make
to them: carried, and Messrs. Pickens, Wise,
and Joseph R. Incie!isoll, were appointed the
committee.
After a few moments—
Mr. PICKENS, from the abovementioned com-
mittee, returned, and reported that they had per-
formed the duty assigned them, and had received
for answer that the President had no further com-
munication to make to this branch of Congress;
and he wished them a happy return to their homes,
and the enjoyment of the society of their families.
Mr. PICKENS then moved that the House ad-
journ sine die; which being carried.
The SPEAKER addressed the House as fol-
lows:
Gentlemen: Before I declare, for the last time,
your adjournment, allow me to tender to each and
every one of you my grateful thanks for the atten-
tion and respect I have invariably received as yortr
presiding officer; and especially for the flattering
expression of favorable opinion contained in the
resolution ordered be entered on your journal
this night. Yet I csnnot but feel that I sm more
indebted to the kindness of this House, than its jus-
tice, in the adoption of this resolution.
I trust, however, I shall ever cherish all those
emotions of gratitude and affection which so signal
an instance of your generosity ought to inspire.
Whilst the censure of this body cannot be consid-
ered a trivial punishment, its praise can-never- be
esteemed an ordinary compliment. Next to Ihe
satisfaction arising from a consciousness.of hav-
ing discharged my duty, is the approbation of those
who have been constant witnesses of my qfftei^l
conduct. It was with diffidence and hesitancy,
knowing well the high but just responsibility.of
this station, that I persuaded myself to engage in
the discharge of its delicate and ardtwus duties.
Nothing but the hope that I shoulji receivet^e.cor-
dial support of the liberal of ad sides in this House
could have induced me to undertake so difficult a
task.
I take pleasure in stating that my most sanguine
expectations of candor and favor have been more
than realized. Amidstal! the excitement growing out
of animated debates upon the great interests of the
country, which have so often and so deeply im-
pressed all our minds, and enlisted the warmest
feelings of the heart, I have experienced a uniform
politeness from every quarter of this House. When,
m the trial of opinion upon questions of import-
ance and difficulty, this House has been equally
divided, and my vote has been demanded by the
rules, I have invariably found, in that half of the
members from who^e judgment I have differed, a
disposition to allow me the same freedom of delib-
eration and independence of thought which they
asserted for themselves.
The position I have occupied since my elevation
to this Chair has made it my du'y to scan closely
the progress of business in this House; and I owe
it to truth and justice to declare, without reference
to party, that I have witnessed an industry, a pa-
triotism, and independence, a series of information
and eloquence, that would have done honor to any
deliberative assembly in any age or country.
Well am I convinced, in despite of the recent ef-
forts that have been made, in various quarters, by
misrepresentation and traduction, to weaken the
public respect and coufidence in the immediate
Representatives of the people, that the scrutiny of
time will prove this House to be the sanctuary of
the Constitution—the citadel of civil liberty—the
palladium of "this republic. It is here—it is here,
in this grand inquest of the nation—here, if any-
where, that resistance will be made to the silent
arts of corruption, or to the daring encroachments
of power: and if the Constitution, the sacred char-
ter of American freedom, be destined to perish'by
the ruthless band of the demagogue or the usurper,
(which God avert!) here, upon this floor, it will
breathe its last agonies—its dying gasp.
In the course of our deliberations, in a moment
of commotion and excitement, I am sensible I
may, at times, have wounded the feelings of mem-
bers. I have never arrested the progress of busi-
ness, to enter into explanations. My position in
this chair made it impossible for me to do so, with-
out endangering the order and dignity of this
House. Besides, the moment of irritation is not
the most propitious time for satisfactory explana-
tions. I have chosen, at the hazard of injustice to
my motives, to leave my justification to the calm
and sober reflection of members. On my part, I
have no wrongs to complain of from any individ-
ual upon this floor. If any have been intended or
done, they have long since been forgiven and for-
gotten. I thank my God I have no memory for in-
juries.
We are now about to part—many, very many of
us, never to meet again. Let us separate as social,
mora! beings should separate—as frieDds, as broth-
ers. May the honor of this House, and the honor
of this nation, be the paramount ambition of ns
all. No matter what, may be our future desti-
ny—whether in private or public life—let all the
ends we aim at be our country's, God's, and
Truth's.
With cordial wishes for your health and happi-
ness, and fervent prayers for the peace, prosperity,
and lasting liberty of our common country, I pro-
nounce this House adjourned without day.
The address was received with loud expressions
of gratification.
And the House, me die, adjourned.
TEE END,
