APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 184®;
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
American grain and provisions as colonial pro-
ductions when they pass through Canada. Of
course, this partial legislation, liko the title of the
one-sided treaty, is m general terms; it speaks gen-
erally, and professes nothing o{ what it effects. But,
in admitting American grain and provisions as
Canadian when they pass through Canada, it, of
course, admits none but of the States coterminous
with Canada; for from none of the rest(canit go.
In admitting this wheat at a fraction of the duty it
"would pay, if it went from an American port, a
discrimination is made between the neighboring
States and those distant from Canada. This is
the fact now. The rate of duty on wheat export-
ed from an American or Canadian port sets out
with a difference of four to one in favor of the
Canadian, rises as high as fifteen to one, and
averages ten or twelve to one. This is effected by
the discrimination between foreign and colonial
wheat, and the sliding scale, which makes the duties
fall as the price of the wheat rises, and which fixes
the foreign duty at twenty shillings the quarter
(eight bushels) when the colonial is at five shilling?;
at fifteen when the colonial is at one; and whicn
fixes one shilling as the ordinary and common
duty on the colonial wheal; while the foreign is
only admitted at that rate when the price of the
wheat reaches the maximum price of seventy-three
shillings a quarter. One shilling duty on the
quarter, is only a penny halfpenny (or three cents)
on the bushel—a mere nominal duty on what is
selling at from seven to nine shillings (15 ) to *200
cents) the bushel. At this rate, our Northern citi-
zens can send their wheat to England; so that, vir-
tually, they have a free tiade, as well as a separate
trade, with Great Britain in this great staple; while
to the rest of the Union her ports are neaily closed
against the same article, by the heaviness of the
duty. As it is with wheat, so it is with flour, and
with all other grains and their nianufactu res, and with
■beef and pork. I have metely taken wheat for the
illustration which a single article affords. It is the
same with all the rest. Barley, rye, oats, Indian
corn, beans, peas, corn-meal, buckwheat, buckwheat
flour, rice, and salted provisions—all have then-
place in the same sliding scale, and wjth the same
proportionate difference of duty between the foreign
and the colonial. Thus a separate trade, and vir-
tually a free trade, in the great staples ol grains,
flour, and provisions, is granted to our Northern
citizens by Biitish legislation in London, at the
same time that British diplomacy in Washington
gives them a separate treaty!
I do not mention these things bccause I repine at
the advantages of our Northern bielhten: on the
contrary, ( wish ihem all possible prosperity. But
I mention them because ihey are (acts; because
ihey are strange coincidences; because they are
novelies in our Union; and because of the effect
which they should have in our judgment npon this
treaty. The Senile is a body representing all the
States, They have the harmony and the unity of
the confederacy to preserve; audit maybe their
duty to cot reel the error into which a sectional
negotiator m • y h.ive fallen.
The failure to settle all the matters in dispute
between the two countries, aggiavated as that fail-
lire is by the sectional and invidious distinction
which it makes among the States, is a circum-
stance birilv calculated to recommend the treaty to
the in<ittls;"nre or to the partiality of the Senate.
What it does contain must be good' indeed to over-
balance so great an cbjechon, but if, instead of be-
ing gojd, us contents ate b.td—if the sins of com-
mission are to be added to those of omission, then
there is no redeeming quaii y about it, and un-
qualified condemnation should be its fate. This t
hold to be the ease. I look upon the treatv to be
about equally bad for what it contains, and, for
what it omits; and, under these two aspects I shall
proceed to give it the close and careful examina-
tion which the magnitude of the subject requires.
The treaty comes to us recommended by a mes-
sage from "the President of the United States, m
which, among other advantages gained for us. he
presents an acquisition ol four millions of valua-
ble mineral land on the western shore of Lake
Superior. Ibegin with this part ol the message,
because it involves a fallacy which it is necessary
to detect, in order to appreciate the recommenda-
tions which are made in favor of the treaty. The
fact is, not an acre of these four millions has
either been acquired or secured by this treatv; the
line between the Lake Superior and the La'ke of
the Woods is changed for tb.e worse, not for the bet-
ter, by this treaty; and our Secretary negotiator,
who drew up the message of the President, has led
him to sign a recommendation which has no foun-
dation in fact. The messa'geis in these words:
"From the imperfect knowledge of this remote country at
the date of the treaty of peace, some of the descriptions in
that treaty do not harmonize with its natural features, as now
ascertained. "Loi-g Lake" is now! ere to be found under that
name. There is reason for supposing, however, that the shf et
of water intended by that name is the estuary at the mouth
of Pigeon river. The present ireaty, therefore, adopis that
estuary and river, and afterward pursues the usuat route,
across the height of land by the various portages and smalt
lakes, till the line reaches Rainy Lake; from which the com-
misaionei s agreed on the extension of it to its teiminauon, in
the northwest angle of the lake of the Woods. The region of
country on and near the shote of the-lake, between Pigeon
river on the north, and Fond du Lac and the river St Louis on
the south and west, considered valuable as a mineial legion, is
thus included within the United States. It embraces a ter-
titory of four millions of acres northward of the claim set
up by the British commissioner under the treaty of Ghent.''''
The message, in this passage, faintly sketches
a dispute where no grounds for one existed, and
celebrates an acquisition where nothing had been
gained. The line from the Lake Superior to the
Lake of the Woods never was susceptible of a dis-
pute. That from the Lake of the Woods to the
head of the Mississippi was disputable, and long
disputed; and it will not do to confound these two
lines, so different in themselves, and in their polit-
ical history. The line from Lake Superior was
fixed by landmarks as permanent and notorious
as the great feature? of nature herself—the Isle Hoy-
ale, in the northwest of Lake Superior, and the
chain of small lakes and riveis which led from the
north of that isle to the Lake of the Woods.
Such were the precise calls of the treaty of 1783,
and no i oom lor dispute existed about it. Tne Isle
Rovale Wii>' a landmark in the calls of the treaty;
and a great and distinguished one it was—a large
rocky island in Lake Superior, far to the north-
west, a hundred miles from the southern shore; un-
inhabitable, and almost inaccessible to the Indians
in their canoes; and for that reason believed by
them to be the residence of the Great Spirit, and
called, in their language, Mencmg. This isle was
as notorious as the lake itself, and'was made a land-
maik in the treaty of 1783, and the boundary line
directed to goto thenorth ofit,andthentofollow the
chain of small lakes and rivers called "Long Lake,"
which constitntedthelincof water communication
between Lake Superior and the Lake ofthe Woods;
a communication which the Indians had followed
beyond the reach of tradition, which was the high-
way of nations, and which all travellers and tia-
ders have followed since its existence became
known to our first discoverers. Aline through the
Lake Supeiior, from its eastern outlet to the north-
ward of the Isle Royale, leads direct to this com-
munication; and the line described was evidently
so desciibed for the purpose of going to that pre-
cise communication. The terms of thecall are pe-
culiar. Through every lake and every water-
course, from Lake Ontario to the Lake Huron, the
languageof the treaty is the same: the line is to follow
the middle of the In Ire. Through everv river it is
the same: the middle of the main channel is to be
followed. On entering Lake Superior, this lan-
guage changes. It is no longer the middle of the
lake that is to constitute the boundary, but a line
through thelaketothe "northward"of Isle Royale—
a boundary which, so far from dividing the lake
equally, I.-aves almost Uvo-thiids of it on the
American side. The words of the treaty are
these:
"Thenre throy?!) Lako Supeiior. northward of the isles Roy-
ate and Phihppeaux. toihrLnng Lake: thnire ibrnogh the mid-
dle of said Long Like, anil the water I'ommuoication beiwjen
it and the Lake ot l!,c Woods, to the Like of the Woods," & •
These are the words of the call; and this va-
riation of language, and this different mode of
dividing the lake, were for the obvious purpose of
taking the shortest course to the Long Lakes or
Pigeon river, which led to the Lake nf the Woods.
The communication through these little lakes and
rivers was evidently the object aimed at; and the
call to the north of Isle Rovale was for the pur-
pose of getting to that object. The island itself
was nothing, except as a landmark. Though
large, (for it is near one hundred miles in circum-
ference,) it has no value, neither for agriculture
commerce, nor war. It is sterile, inaccessible re-
mote from shore, and fit for nothing but the use to
which the Indians consigned it—the fabulous resi-
dence ot a fabulous deity. Nobody wauls it—
neither Indians nor white people. It was assigned
to the United States in the,treaty of 1783, notBas a
possession, but as a, landmark, and because the
shortest line through the lake, to the well-known
route which led to the Lake of the Woods, pass-
ed to the north of that isle. All this is evident from
the maps, and all the maps are here the same; for
these features of nature are so well defined that
there has never been the least dispute atyjut them.
The commissioners under the Ghent treaty, (Gen.
Porter for the United States, and Mr. Barclay for
Great Britain,) though disagreeing about several
things, had no disagreement about Isle Royale, and
the passage of the line to the north of that isle. In
their separate reports, they agreed upon this; and
this settled the whole question. After going to the
north, of Isle Royale, to get out of the lake at a
known place, it would be absurd to turn two hun-
dred miles south, to get out of it at an unknown
place. The agreement u pon Isle Royale settled the
line to the Lake of the Woods, as it was, and as it
is: but it so happened that, in the year 1790, the
English traveller and fur-trader, Mr. (afterwards
Sir Alexander) McKenzie, in his voyage to the
Northwest, travelled up this line of water commu-
nication, saw the advantages of its exclusive pos-
session by the British, and proposed in his "Histo-
tory of the Fur Trade," to obtain it by turning the
line down from Isle Royale, near two hundred
miles, to St. Louis river in the southwest corner of
the lake. The Earl of Selkirk, at the head of the
Hudson's Bay Company, repeated the suggestion;
and the British Government, forever attentive to
the interests ol its subjects, set up a claim, through
the Ghent commissioner, to the St. Louis river as
the boundary. Mr. Barclay made the question,
but too faintly to obtain even a reference to the ar-
bitiator; and Lord Ashburton had too much can-
dor and honor to revive it. He set up no pre-
tension to the St. Louis river, as claimed by the
Ghent commissioner: he presented the Pigeon
river as the "long lake" of the treaty of 1783, and
only asked for a point six miles south ot that river;
and he obtained all he asked. His letter of the
17th of July is explicit on this point.. He says:
"In considering the second point, it realty appears of little
imponanee 10 eilhei pany how (he tine l.e determined through
the wild countiy heiwien L;,!:e Supeiior ihe Lake of the
Woods, bui it is important that some line should be fixed and
known.
"I would p -oposie that the line be taken from a point about
six mites south of Pigeon river, where the Grand Portage com-
mences on the lake, and continued along the line of the said
portage, alternately by laud arid water, to [.if, la Pluie—the ex.
isting route by land and l>y -Aater remaining common by both
paities. This tine has the advantage of being known, and at-
tended Willi no doubt ( r unci riainty in riinnine it."
These are his Lordship's words. Pigeon river,
instead of St. Louis river! making no pretension
to the four millions of acres of fine mineral land
supposed to have been saved between these two
rivers; and not even alluding to the absurd preten-
sion of the Ghent commissioner I After this, what
are we to think of the candor and veracity of an
official paper, which would make a merit of hav-
ing saved four millions of acres of fine mineral
land, "northward of the claim set up by the British
commissioner under the Ghent treaty"!" What
must wc think of the candor of a paper which
boasts of having "included this "within the United
Stales," when it was never out of the United States?
If there is any merit in the case, it is in Lord
Ashbutton—in his not having claimed the 200
miles between Pigeon river and St. Louis river.
What he claimed, he got; and that was the southern
'line, commencing six miles south of Pigeon river,
and running south of the true line to Rainy lake.
He got this; making a difference of some hundreds
of thousands of aetes, and giving to the British the
exclusive possession of the best route, and a joint
possession ofthe one which is made the boundary.
To understand the value of this concession, it must
be known that there are two lines of communica-
tion from the Lake Superior to the Lake ofthe
Woods, both beginning at or near the mouth of
Pigeon river; that these lines are the channels of
trade and travelling, both lor Indians and the fur-
traders; that they are water communications; and
that it was a great point with the British, in their
trade and intercourse with the Indians, to have the
exclusive dominion of the best communication, and
a joint possession with us of the oiher. This is
what Lord Ashburton claimed—what the treaty
gave him—and what our Secretary negotiator be-
came his agent and solicitor to obtain for him. I
quote the Secretary's letter of the 25th of July to
Mr. James Ferjuson, and the answers of Mr. Fer-
guson ofthe same date, and also the letter of Mr.
Joseph Delafield, ofthe 20th of July, for the truth
ofwhatlsay. Prom these letters, it will be seen
that our Secretary put himself to the tsouble to hum
