August,
1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong -"3d Skss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
testimony to justify his surrender of the northern
route to the British; that he put leading questions
to his witnesses, to get the information which he
■wanted; and that he sought to cover the sacrifice,
by depreciating the agricultural value of the land,
and treating the difference between the lines as a
thing of no importance. Here is the letter. I read
an extract from it:
"What is the geneial nature of the country between the
mouth of Pigeon river ami the Rainy lake? Of what formation
is it, and how is us surface? ami will any considerable part of
its area be fit for cultivation* Are rs waters active and run-
ning streams, as in other paits of the United Slates'? Or are
theydead lakes, swamps, and morasses? If the latter bo then-
general character, at what point, as you proceed westward, do
the wateis leceive a rnoie decided character as lunnmg
stream? ?
"There are said to be two lines of communication, each
partly by water and partly by pottages, ftom t he neighborhood
of Pieeon rivev to the Rainy lake: one by way of Fowl lake,
the Saganaga lake, and the Cypres lake; (he uthei by way of
Arrow river and lake; then by way of Waganaga lake, .md
through the liver Mahgne, meeuns? the other route at lake la
Croix, and through the nver Namekan to the Kainy hike Do
you know any n'ason for attachinggso.it pieference io either
of these two lines'? Or do you consider u of i,o iwpoitance, in
any point of view, which may be oj<teed to'* Please be full and
particular on these several points
Here are leading questions, such as the rules of
evidence forbid to be put to any witness, and the an-
swers to which would be suppressed by the order of
any court in Knglandor America. They are called
"leading," because they lead the witness to the an-
swer which the lawyer wants; and thereby tend to
theperveisionof justice. The witnesses are here led
to two points: first, that the country between the two
routes oi lines is worth nothing for agticulture;
secondly, that itisof no importance to the United
States which of the two lines is established for the
boundary. Thus led to the desired points, the
witnesses answer. Mr. Ferguson says:
"Asan agricnltni ti district, this ie?,ion will always- be \-due-
less. The pine timbei ho! hi?h ;>'o\vh, equal lorsp,..is. per-
haps, to the Noi way pine, and iray, pciliap^ in tunc, hud a
market; but there are in alluvion.?, no ai.ihio lands, and the
whole countiy tnay bo de-:oiibed a-' one waste of lock and
water.
"You have desired me al-olo exprecs "in opinion as to any
preference winch 1 iriciy know u> exi-*t between the >evi ml iu.es
claimed as boundaries through thi-s countiy, between the United
States and Great Britain.
♦'Considering that Great Butam abandons her claim by the
Fond du L'ic and the Louis nvei, cede-- also chi^ar inland,
(otherwise called St O-ome's inland ) in the St. Marie river;
and, agices, generally, to a houndaiy following 'he old commer-
cial route, commencing at the IV::< .-ru.ver, 1 il-> not think that
any reasonable, ^mmul exists to pn.vuU a final dytermi'ifUlon
of this part oi the kmr-iUry "
And Mr. DelafieM adds
tlAs an agiiculluia! disUict,it has no Vcdueei mtcio.a, even
prospectively, m my opinion II the climate weio suitable,
(which it is not,) I Ciin only say that I never taw, in my e.\p!o
rations their, tillable land t-mm'Ui to sti-tanumy peuraiimt pop-
ulation sullrieriily numerous to ju>?uiy other ^cttlemenls than
those of the fur-tradeis; and, 1 nncht add, fishermen The
fur tradeis there oceupit d nearly all those places,and (he opin
ion now expiebsedis theoulyone I ever heaid enteitained by
those most evpeiienced in these Northwestern regions.
•'There is, nevertheless, much lnieiest irltby the for-tradors
on this subj-'Ct oi b mnd.iry To thorn, u is of ntneh inipoit.orc,
as they conceive ?u d li U, mi laet, oi :i atonal import,unv Had
the liritioh commissioner c<n>.-ented t > proceed hy the Pigeon
river, (which is the J.ongJ^he of Mitchell'-* map.) i  ispioba-
ble there wnuldhave bct.n tin agreement Thtro weio s<,veia!
reasons for hr. pertinacity, and lor tins dis isieoinent; winch
belong, however, to the puvate liHtory of (lie un«imis iwii,
and can bn stated when uqiir^cl. The Pigeon river is a con-
tinuous watercourse. PhcWf Oeoi tf/s u,lan in ihe K' Mm:
river, is a valuable island, <ujd wouli as much. pr.haps, as most
of the county between the Pigeon rim and l)o^ rivei unite,
claimed foi the United States, m an agticul'ural s,n-e."
These are the answers; and while tlicy are con-
clusive upon the ngriculuual character of the coun-
try between the two routes, and piv-ent i' as ol no
value; yet, on the relative impoi t.ince of the louti-s
as boundaries, they refuse to follow the leal which
the question held out to them, and show that, as
commercial routes, and, consequently, as cuiimand-
ing the Indians and their trade, a question 'if na-
tional importance is involved. Mr. Delatield says
the fur-traders feel much interest in this boundary,
to them, it is of much importance; and it is. in tad,
of national importance. These are the woids of
Mr. Delafield; and they show the reason why Lout
Ashburton was so tenacious of this change'in the
boundary. He wanted it ior the benefit of the fur-
trade, and for the consequent command which it
would give the British over the Indians in time of
war. All this is apparent; yet our Secretary would
only look at it as a corn and potato region ! And
finding it not good for that purpose, he surrenders
it to the British! Both the witnesses look upon it
as a sacrifice on the part of the United Htates, and
suppose some equivalent in other parts of the
boundaty was received for it. There was no such
equivalent: and thus this surrender becomes a gra-
tuitous sacrifice on the part of the United States,
aggravated by the condescension of the American
Secretary to act as the attorney of the British min-
ister, anil seeking testimony by unfair and illegal
questions, and then disregarding the part of the an-
swers which made against his design.
Sir, I have dwelt long upon this point, because
it was necessary to detect the fallacy which the
President has been made to sign, and to expose the
subserviency of our Secretary to the interests
of Great Britain. He has sacrificed an important
boundary—important for war and commerce; and,
while making this sacrifice, and surrendering all
the country between the two routes, he makes the
President sign a statement which leads the country
to believe that he has made an acquisition of four
millions of acres of fine mineral land. The detec-
tion of this fallacy, and the exposure of this sub-
serviency, are not only necessary to save us from
gross error about these four millions of acres; but
also to show us the spirit in which the treaty was
made, and the faith with which the papers submit-
ted to us have been drawn. Other occasions will
occur for similar detections and exposures. And
here I wish to say, once for all, that I consider this
message, which the President has signed, as being
the work of his Secretary; and that his fault con-
sists in not having verified its statements before he
signed it.
1 have stated one general objection to the treaty—
that of not settling all the questions in dispute. T
pass over other general objections at present, for the
purpose of getting at once to the consideration of
its details. These other general objections are nu-
merous and weighty; but I pass them over at pres-
ent with a mere enumeration, to be attended to
hereafter. I name them now, without stopping to
dwell upon them. They are: That such a negoti-
ation should have been committed to a sole negoti-
ator, and one not subjected to the approval of the
Senate, nor furnished with presidential instructions
to limit and guide him, and the citizen of an inter-
ested State;--lhe assumption of this negotiator to
treat the question ol national boundaries, not as a
question of rights under the treaty of independence,
but as a matter of bargain and sale, or of grants
and equivalents, m the hands of the negotiators;—•
the omission of the American negotiator to keep
minutes, or protocols, of his conferences and prop-
ositions;—the obicurty and mystery which rest
upon the origin and progress of the different propo-
sitions;—the assumption of the American negoti-
ator to act Cor the British negotiator, in presenting
the British proposition for the Maine boundary as
the American proposition; and the unjustifiable and
unfounded arguments with which he pressed that
proposition upon the commissioners of the State of
Maine, until he succeeded in viUmi~ia!t that de-
serted and doomed State;—the mixing up of incon-
gruous subjects in the same treaty;—the irregular
manner in which the ratification of the treaty has
been forestalled by private consultations and con-
ferences with Senators bpfore it was submitted to
the Senate;—the solemn and mysterious luunbug-
gery by which Dr. Franklin has been made to play
a pari in lavishing this ratification from our ahums,
and screening the negotiator from responsibility
lor his gratuitous sacrifices;—the awful apparition
of the dismteited map discovered by Mr. Jared
Hpaiks in Paii.s, with the red marks upon it, and
which was ■ how cm! about to Senators to alarm them
into prompt action:—the impressive invocation to
secreev and despatch, lest the British should get
wind of the aforesaid map and letter, and there-
upon renounce the treaty; when it was perfectly
clear, from Lord Ashburton's letter of the llth of
July, that the sagacious old gentleman had already
scented out these secret papers, and was ready to
claim the benefit of them if new negotiations com-
menced;—the war-cry which is raised if the treaty
is not latified—a cry which addiesses itself to our
fears, and not to our judgment, and which would
make merchandise of national honor and national
rights. 1 pass over all these additional general ob-
jections to the treaty for the present, intending to
revcrtto them in good time, and proceed at once to
the consideration of the treaty itself.
The northern boundary is the first subject in the
treaty; and on this question, (abandoning all claims
of right and title under the treaty of independence—
with what propriety will hereafter be seen,) the ne-
gotiators proceeded to adjust this boundary upon
the principle of compromise and accommodation,
ceding and conceding, granting and .compensat-
ing, until they brought it to the condition in which
we find it in the treaty. Waiving, for the present,
all remarks upon this assumption of power over
our national boundaries, and this demolition of the
work of our ancestors, who established these bound-
aries at the expense of so much blood and treasure,
and for the wise purpose of covering their coun-
try by a proper frontier: waiving, for the present,
all remarks upon this point, 1 proceed to state the
grants and equivalents which were made on each
side, and shall consider the value and importance of
each. These are, on the side of the British—1._ Su-
gar or St. George's island, in the State of MichiSan,
between the lakes Huron and Superior. 2. House's
Point, and a strip of territory in the Stale of New
York. 3. A strip of territory in the Slate of Ver-
mont. 4. A hundred thousand acres of land
in the State of New Hampshire. 5. The quali-
fied navigation of the St. John river, within the
British dominions. G. The amount of money re-
ceived by the British for timber cut and sold on
the disputed territory. These are the grants and
compensations on the part of the British. On the
part of the United States, they are: J. The impor-
tant national boundary between the Lake Superior
and the Lake of the Woods, so necessary to the fur-
trade and to the control of the Indians. 2 The
four thousand one hundred and nineteen square
miles of territory in the State of Maine, being: the
same and Ihe whole that was awarded to Great
Britain by the King of the Netherlands. 3. Eight
hundred and ninety-three square miles in Maine,
being so much over and above the award of the
King of the Netherlands. 4. The establishment of
the new boundary, on this side of the awarded line,
from lake Pohe'nagamook to Metjarmettc pass,
one hundred and ten miles in length, and wholly
within the ancient and natural boundaries of
Maine. 5. The surrender of Ihe mountain bound-
ary which covered the State of Maine and com-
manded the road to Gluebec, from the hea I of the
St. Francis to the Metjarmette pass—say 150 miles
in length—and being so much over and above the
award of the King of the Netherlands. 0. The
navigation of the St. John river within the State
of Maine. 7. A right of way over the territory of
Maine, to reach the river. 8. The sum of ft'300,000
to be paid to the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts for their loss of territory. 9. The sura of
about S200,000 to be paid to the same States, to re-
imburse their expenses in protecting the disputed
territory against Great Britain. 10. A naval al-
liance and co-operation with Great Britain for the
suppression of' the African slave-trade. 11. A
diplomatic alliance with the same power, for re-
monstrating with nations against the slave-trade,
and for closing the markets of the world against
the traffic in slaves. 12. The delivery of fugitive
criminals.
This is the list of the grants and equivalents—
these the] concessions on each side; the value of
which I now proceed to examine, beginning with
those on the part of Great Britain.
1. The first of these concessions, as they are
called, is the island in St. Mary's river, between
the lakes Huron and Superior; called by us Sugar
island, by the British St. George's. This island
has been in our possession, and under our jurisdic-
tion, since the treaty of peace of 1783; our people
make sugar upon it, our Indians inhabit it; and for
upwards of a quarter of a century we have exer-
cised proprietory rights over it. It was ours by the
treaty of 1783, and by fifty years' possession; but the
British commissioner under the Ghent treaty (Mr.
Barclay) set up a claim to it which Lord Ashbur-
ton was too candid to enforce. He readilv threw
it up tons. In his letter of the 16th of July, he
says:
"Tiic o'licr 111111"con.iccted with Ill's bu nlary being satis-
laciouly airai^ci', a nnc sti.it] ba thawn io as lo throw this
l.iaud within tlicUnllei! Stales."
This was prompt and handsome. His Lordship
knew very well what he was about, and how in~
significant was a rich island compared to a com-
manding boundary. Sugar island had no military
importance. It was good for sugar and grain, but
not for cannon, i's 26,000 acres of fertile soil was
a great object in the eyes of an agricultural peo-
ple, but nothing in the eyes of a domineering mon-
archy. The cession enured to the benefit of Mich-
igan, and sweetened the treaty to the palate of that
young State. It was a large object in the eyes of a
young State; the little island of 200 acres in the
mouth of the Detroit river was a much larger one
in the eyes of the British! The little island of
