47th Coiio-.-sd Sess.
APPENDIX TO TB& CONGRESSIONAL 6LOB8B.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton. 
August, 1848.
Seriate.
Boh Bianc, opposite Maiden, and commanding" the
river Detroit and its entrance into the Lake Erie,
■was worth many sugar islands to them; and this
they took good care to save.* In June 1822, Mr.
Barclay, the British commissioner under the 6th
article of the Ghent- treaty, wrote thus to General
Porter, the American commissioner:
1 The undersigned, therefore, is ready to cede Sugar, Fox,
anrl Stony is-arids to the United States, provided the commis.
sl-mer of the United States agrees to appropriate tire island of
Bois Blanc to his Majesty, and to establish the line in the water
Daasage between Bois Blanc and the three btforemeni toned
islands."
The little island was accordingly so appropri-
ated; the offer of three others for it being reinforced
by a threat to refer the question of right to the
King of the Netherlands, it it was not given up.
It was given up m 1822; and I mention the circum-
stance to show how the British do Ihese things. A
Urge island, excellent for raising cabbages and
potatoes, and making sugar and sirup, is readily
thrown up to us: a small one, on which cannon
could be planted, was pertinaciously retained by
them! The taste of bath countries was accommo-
dated—ours for agriculture, theirs for dominion!
Like a sagacious negotiator, who knew where to
concede., Loid Ashburton surrendered Sugar island
to Michigan; conciliated that State in favor of his
treaty, and marched straight on to the grand object
of his mission.
2. Rouse's Point, in the State of New York, and
the narrow slip of land which includes it. This
point'is now hailed as an invaluable acquisition,
■sufficient of itself to pass the treaty. I remember
very well when it was assigned to us by the King
of the Netherlands, and when it stood for nothing
in favor of the award. That award was rejected,
not by the will of President Jackson, but under the
action of the Senate and the two interested States,
although it gave us this now prized point, cost us
no money, took so much less from the State of
Maine, and left us the long and lofty line of moun-
tain fronlier opposite to Quebec. Rouse's Point
gained us not a vote in this body in favor of that
award: it now becomes a gigantic consideration in
iavor of a treaty so much worse than ihe award.
Be it so. The author of the present treaty was the
-enemy of the award, and will doubtless see the
propriety of explaining the reason ior the strange
contradiction which his conduct presents. Histori-
cal recollections attach some interest to this point,
which is now more imaginary than real. It has
b.'fn the scene of some military operations, which
the grywlh of the country will carry to a more dis-
tant thealte in future \vai«. By ihe peace of 1783,
this point fell withm our limits, and that by the
"British ascertainment of the 45th parallel of lati-
<tide befoi e the Revolution. That parallel was the
boundary, in thatquarter, between Ihe United States
and Canada- its rectification, under the treaty of
Ghent, le't out Rouse's Point, and the little fort
winch bad been commenced upon it, to command
the entrance into Lake Champlain. The same
i edification of Ihe line showed an error of half a
wile wide in the northern bottmlaiy of the States
of New Hampshire and Vermont, giving that
much off of each to Great Britain. But it was an
acquisition which Great Britain did not want;
"which she has refused to touch, though enluled to
it since tha treaty of Ghent; which has remained
in our possession ever since, and would doubtless
so remain forever. Great Britain wanted none of
our republican population added 10 her Canadian
possessions. This she has shown by near thirty
years' refusal to receive them; and her minister
was the correct interpre'er of her policy when he
readily threw up this point, and the strip along
with it; taking care to make the easy concession
an item in the accomplishment of his great design
on Maine. All this the British negotiator admits,
with a readiness and good feeling which does him
much credit. He says:
The question here at issue between the two countries, wasas
to the correct determination ot the parallel of latitude, and the
tiue source of the Connecticut river. Upon both these point?
decisions were pronounced in favor ol Great llntatn; and I
might add thatjthe case of America, as mattei of right, was but
''^It is, in my opinion, of very great importance that the right
of passage be secured for American vessels, betwe -n the island
of Bois Blanc, tn the river Detroit, (opposite Foi t Maiden,) and
fie British shore; the channel is only 200 to 300 yards wide,
and is entirely commanded both by ihe island and Fort Maiden.
At present, there is no other passage for our larger cla*s of
vessels, steamboats,&' , and it will lequire much time ami ex-
pense to render the old passage south of Gros Isle availahle.
in short, the rightof using the Btitish channel is, in my opin-
ion, absolutely necessary."—Mr. Robert Steuart's letter to
Mr, Webster, July 27.
feebly and doubungly supported by her own authorities. I am,
nevertheless, disposed to sutrender the whole of this case, ij we
should succeed irt, settling, as proposed, the boundary of
Maific. , f
"This concession, considered with reference to the value ot
the land ceded, which is generally repotted to be fertile, ana
contains a position at Rouse's Point much coveled in the course
pfthe controversy, would, under ordinary cncumstances, he
considered of considerable importance. The,concession will,
however, be made by GreatBritain without reluctance, not only
to mark the liberal and conciliaiory spirit by which it is desired
to distinguish these negotiations, but because the case is, in
some respects, analogous to that of tile Madawaslta settlement,
befoie considered It is believed that the settlers on the narrow
strip (which would be transferred to Great Britain by rectifying
the 45th parallel of latitude, which was formerly mcoriectly
laid down, are principally fiom ilie Tinned Stales; and that
their opinions and habits incline them to give a prelerence to
that lorm of government under which, be ore the discovery of
the error in question, they supposed themselves to be living. It
cannot be desired by her Majesty to acquire any addilior ofler-
ritory under such circumstances, whatever may be the weight
of her lights; but it will he observed thai the same argument
applies almost exactly to ihe Madawaeka settlement, and jus-
tifies the reservation I am theie obliged to make, lu ihese
days, the convenience and happiness o7 the people to be gov-
erned will ever be the chief guide in transactions of this desciip-
tloli, between such Governments as those of Great Britain and
the United States."
In this paragraph lii^ Lordship shows a consid-
erate regard for the compromised inhabitants, citi-
zens of the United States, living on this strip of
iand. He is willing to give them up for a consider-
ation, though he declares it could not be desirable
to her Majesty to acquire them. His benevolence
is still subordinate to his policy; and he is willing
to leave these Republicans in the United States,
provided the main object is accomplished on the
frontiers of Maine. It is clear the British would
never accept these inhabitants; yet, to sign a treaty
denationalizing them, would have been revolting to
the public feeling. To quiet them where they were,
was to gain friends for the treaty. The strip was
narrow, and of no great length—half a mile at one
end, a point at the other, and some fifty miles in
length. An area of twelve or fifteen square miles,
(some eight or ten thousand acres,) and a few thou-
sand inhabitants, constituted its totality of popula-
tion and territory. Except the people, it was no
great object; but to sign a trealy leaving them out
of the United States, would have been unjust and
unpopular.
Rouse's Point is Ihe prominent object in this con-
cession; and lo this object, historical recollections
attach some degree of military importance. It is a
point for commanding the entrance into Lake
Champlain—the best, b it not the only point for that
purpose. Further within our line, two batteries
f'rom opposite shores will do the work of one bat-
tery at this point. It is the best for commanding
the entrance, because the outlet is there the nar-
rowest; but its only advantage is in the difference
between two batteries and one. The British could
not take il, except as part of the 'trip in New York
and Vermont, which would bring her Ihe people
she did not want. That she attached no military
importance to it, either for her own defence or our
annoyance, is evident from her total refusal to
lovtclii it for to long a time, when indisputably hers;
from her readiness to give it up, under the award,
without compensation, while endeavoring to ravish
from us the real military positions which were in-
disputably ours—namely, the islands of Bois Blanc,
Canipo Bello, and Grand Menan,and the mountain
frontier of Maine. To us, it can be of no moment
in any future wars with Great Britain. We can
hardly repeat the folly of border warfare; of sum-
mer operations; of isolated invasions; and of petty
detachments hung upon a line of a thousand milo.
Instead of that, a large movement will probably be
organized. A hundred thousand men concentrated
upon the heart, instead of diffused upon the extrem-
ities of Canada—marching upon the ice, as Piehe-
gru marched upon Holland—going to Quebec
instead of going to the little posts which line the
lakes; in sur-h a movement, neither l'orts nor ships
would be wanting. Rivers and lakes, instead of
obstacles, would become budges to the invader; and
Rouse's Pcint would cease to have a place in any
man's mind. Still, old ideas give it some value.
Its name is connected with the battle of Plattsburg,
and with McDonough's victory on Lake "Cham-
plain. It is considered the key to the lake which
washes two States; and it is not to be dissembh d
that its recovery gratifies the public feeling, pro-
pitiates two States in favor of the treaty, and fa-
cilitates the grand object of Ihe British mission.
The Biitish negotiaiorconductedskilfully in conce-
ding for a price what he had no wish to retain—what
had been given up without price in the award—
what had an illusive value in .our eyes, and no
value at all in his; and the concession of which
was smoothing his way to Maine. The only thing
worthy ot observation in this acquisition, is the
importance attached to it now, when it costs $500,-
000 in money, and an additional slice off of Maine,
by those who rejected it when obtained under Jack-
son's administration for nothing.
3. The cession of territory in Vermont. This is
a narrow strip, ninety miles in length, three-quar-
ters of a mile wide at one end, half a mile at the
other; giving an area of some fifty square miles,
or about 30,000 acres. It is a slip made by the
same rectification of the line on the 45th parallel,
which cut off Rouse's Point and the strip in New
York; and is subject to all the remarks which were
applied to it. This strip in Vermont was given up
by the British negotiator, for the same reason he
had given up the other: it could have no national
consideration, except for the people upon it. His
Government did not want these people, and would
not have them; still it would be wrong to disquiet
them by signing a treaty which should lea"ve them
on the British side. The concession which quiets
them, strongly recommends the treaty to the State
of Vermont; and, taken in conjunction with Rouse's
Point, which is at the outlet of their lake, assures
its favorable reception in that border State. Two
voles more for the treaty!
4. The 100,000 acres assured to New Hampshire
between Hall's crcck and Perry's creek. This can-
not be called a cession, or a concession. The State
of New Hampshire has always possessed it, and al-
ways exercised jurisdiction over it. She was in
no danger of ever losing that possession, or that
jurisdiction, whether the Ghent commissioners
were right or wrong in retiring the boundary from.
Hall's creek to Perry's creck. The British never
availed themselves of the unacceptable acquisition,
and never would. They no more wanted New
Hampshire Republicans, than New York or Ver-
mont Republicans, within their dominions. The
100,000 acres, and the population upon it, have
been just as much the territory and population of
New Hampshire since the Ghenttreaty as before it.
The concession of the British minister changes
nothing; but, while changing nothing, it prevents
an objection, and conciliates support for the treaty
in the State of New Hampshire.
5. The qualified privilege to a part of the inhabit-
ants of Maine to navigate a part of the river St.
John. This is the last of the British concessions,
and one much boasted of by the advocates of the
treaty. The analysis of the article which grants this
vaunted privilege will show it to be restricted to a
very narrow benefit, and counterbalanced by rights
of navigation granted to the people of New Bruns-
wick to the same river within the State of Maine,
with the important addition of a right of way to
it. The river St. John, politically considered, is
divided into three parts: the lower part wholly in
Ihe British province of New Brunswick; the middle
part, by the new treaty, a boundaiy between Maine
and New Brunswick; the upper part wholly within
the State of Maine. The rights of navigation in
this river are thus conferred: so far as it is a com-
mon boundary, both parties living upon the waters
of the river possess it: so far as it is within the
limits of New Brunswick, the people ofMaine, liv-
ing on the waters of the river, may use it for the
transportation of the products of the forest, and
such of the products of agriculture as arenot man-
ufactured, subject to the regulations of the British
authorities to establish the origin and character of
the articles: so far as it is within the limits of Maine,
the neighboring inhabitants of New Brunswick
havethesame privilege of navigation, with the ad-
dition of a territorial right of way to reach the
river-—a privilege not granted to the people of
Maine on the lower pait of the river. This is the
analysis of this privilege: and what does it amount
to"! Not as much as the law of nations would
give Maine without the treaty. For the jaw of na-
tions gives to the people cn the upper waters of nav-
igable streams the right of passing through foreign
dominions to reach the ocean—the highway of na-
tions. This is what we asserted against Spain, in the
case of the Mississippi: it is what the American ne-
gotiator of this treatynow admits in relation to the
Red river, the Sabine, and the Mississippi, in favor of
Texas. Reduced and restricted as the privilege is,it is
but a small matter for Maine to receive; nothing for
Great Britain to grant; and is counterbalanced by
privileges of navigation and of way granted to her,
But a question arises here. The privilege of naviga-
tion granted is limited to the inhabitants of the coun-
