August, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong .3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton,
Senate.
tries watered by the river St. John. It does not extend
to the citizens of the United States generally, nor
even, to the citizens of Maine generally; but to those
who live npon the waters of the St. John. Isthis
within the competency of the treaty-making power!
Can a treaty be made for the benefit of the people
of a single State, or of part of a State"! If so, the
"supreme law" may be very unequal, and the Union
cease to be a unit in regard to its foreign relations.
This completes my view of the grants and con-
cessions made by Great Britain to the United States
by this treaty. They are all of the same character
—nothing for Great Britain to grant, trifles for us
to receive, and better given up than retained; be-
cause undesirable to Great Britain in themselves,
and facilitating, by their surrender, the grand ob-
ject on Maine. Sugar island in Michigan—Rouse's
Point in NewYork—the ninety-mile strip in Vermont
—the 100,000 acres in New Hampshire—though no
more desirable to the British than the wooden horse
was to the Trojans, are all yielded in a way to con-
ciliate those States, and to leave Maine standing
alone, to make head against the British designs up~
on her territory and boundaries. I say standing
alone; for even her mother, the old Bay State, was
purchased off from her defence by a pecuniary in-
demnity for her proprietary rights, and by the hon-
or of furnishing the sole negotiator to meet the ex-
traordinary British special mission. Everything
along the line, from the four millions ot fine inin-
eralland beyond Lake Superior to the long sheep-
walk in Vermont, is promptly thrown up; and,
from the alacrity with which these concessions (as
they are called) are made, and from the anxiety of
the sagacious negotiator to please the border States,
it may be almost inferred that it was matter of re-
gret that there was no fine mineral land—no sweet
little island—no commanding point—no long nar-
row siip--no pretty little creeks—along the confines
of Pennsylvania and Ohio, to be flung up to those
two Stales, in the like gracious manner. In that
event, the border States might have been unani-
mous; and not a chance foi a vote against the treaty
from the Lake of the Woods to Massachusetts Bay.
Such are the grants and concessions from Great
Britain to the United States: lew in number, small
in value, nothing for her to yield, injurious to her
to retain, and already ours as effectually without
the treaty as with it. Except the restricted and
compensated navigation of the lower St. John, all
the rest was already ours—ours by the treaty of
1783, and by the fact that Great Britain wanted
none of these slips, or islands, or points of land,
with the incumbrance ol' their republican inhabit-
ants, which she makes a merit of yielding to us.
Not so with our grants to her, They are large and
valuable—material for her to receive—dangerous
and injurious for us to yield—and involving, not
only territory, but natural boundaries; and admit-
ting a foreign power within the limits which Na-
ture herself and the treaty of '83 had prescribed
for the frontier of an independent nation. And
here I frankly accost the subject, and say that, if
our negotiator, in forming a general treaty for all
the States, and m settling all the subjects in dispute
between the two countries, had yielded to the Brit-
ish Crown all that the award oi the King ol' the
Netherlands granted, I should have said not a
word. But, in transcending that award, which he
himself opposed as yielding too much—in giving
up more now than the British Government demand-
ed at the time of that award—in doing this, I find
reasons for amazement and disapprobation. I am
astonished at what I behold; and shall proceed to
state the number and the magnitude of the sacri-
fices we have made; and demand.fiom the friends
of the negotiatoi, the causes and the reasons for
such extraordinary concessions.
These concessions are:
1. The boundary between the Lake Superiorand
the Lake of the Woods; and all the territory be-
tween the true and important boundary abandoned,
and the false and insignificant one adopted. The
amount of territory sacrificed is large—several
hundred thousand acres—and as good for fine min-
erals as any of the four millions pretended to have
been acquired. But it is not as territory that the
loss is felt. It is in giving the British fur-traders the
great water-line, which facilitates the trade with the
Indians, and gives control over them in time of
war. By the treaty of 1783, this water-line was
the boundary between the two countries; and its
use common to the citizens and subjects of each.
By this treaty, it becomes exclusively British! A.
new and inferior line is established further south.
encroaching upon our territory; and of this the
British have the common use jointly with our-
selves !
2. All the country awarded by the King of the
Netherlands-—being 2,119 square miles, or 2,636,160
acres in extent—all this is given up; and, since the
evaporation of the four millions of acres of "fine
mineral land on the west of Lake Superior, there is
not a pretext of an equivalent for it. That award
gave Rouse's Point as the equivalent: this treaty
pays money for that point, and makes a gift to the
British of these 2,119 square miles. To mitigate
the enormity of this barefaced sacrifice, our Secre-
tary negotiator enters into a description of the soil,
and avers it to be unfit for cultivation. What if it
were so"? It is still rich enough to bear cannon,
and to carry the smuggler's cart; and that is the
crop Great Britain wishes to plant upon it. Gibral-
tar and Malta are rocks; yet Great Britain would
not exchange them for the deltas of the Nile and of
the Ganges. It is not for growing potatoes and
cabbages that she has fixed her eye, since the late
war, on this slice of Maine; but for trade and war-
to consolidate her power on our northeastern bor-
der, and to realize all the advantages which steam
power gives to her new military, and naval, and
commercial station in Passamaquoddy bay, and her
new route for trade and war through Halifax and
Maine to Gluebec. She wants it for great military
and commercial purposes; and it is pitiful and con-
temptible in our negotiator to depreciate the sacri-
fice as being poor land, unfit for cultivation, when
power and dominion, not potatoes and cabbages, is
the object at stake. But the fact is, that much of
this land is good; so that the excuse for surrender-
ing it without compensation is unfounded as well
as absurd.
3. Eight hundred and ninety-three square miles
ot territory, equal to 571,530 acres, on this side of
the line awarded by the King of the Netherlands.
And litre our amazement becomes intense, and the
want of protocols and minutes of conferences be-
comes manifest, in leaving us m total darkness as
to the origin, progress, and inducements to this un-
expected and gratuitous sacrifice. Let the Senate
remember that, immediately on the rendition of the
award, the British Government declared their as-
sent to it, filed their acceptance wuh the arbitra-
tor, notified the Government of the United States
of what she had done, and formally demanded its
fulfilment. It was in the summer of 1831, and im-
mediately after the promulgation of the award, that
Sir Charles Vaughan (the then British minister)
gave this notification to the American Govern-
ment, and called upon it to execute the award.
President Jackson was not the author of the refer-
ence to the King of the Netherlands. It was made
before he came into power, and by virtue of a
clause in the Ghent treaty, which, instead of fol-
lowing the former treaties, and referring the differ-
ence as to the highlands (if any arose between the
commissioners appointed to run the line) to another
commissioner appointed on the spot to decide be-
tween the two opinions;—instead of following this
old and plain course, the Ghent treaty directed the
difference to be referred to a friendly sovereign.
The King of the Nethei lands was that sovereign;
and his award was adverse to the title of Maine.
President Jackson disapproved the reference; but,
having been made by his predecessor m office, he
felt bound in honor to acquiesce in the award.
That was his individual feeling; but, in a case of
so much magnitude, he deemed it right; to have the
opinion of the Seriate. This opinion he asked in a
formal message of the 7th of December, 1831. On
the 27th of January ensuing, he transmitted to the
Senate the official demand of the Government of
Great Britain for the immediate execution of the
award, and a remonstrance against the delay which
had occurred. In that official demand, the British
charge (Mr. Bankhead) thus remonstrated with our
Government on that delay:
'•Mr. Livingston i- doubtless aware that his predecessor in
office was informed veibdly, by Mr. Yanahan that the King
h.s master, upon the receipt of the instrument by whi£h tbe
? ward of the King of the Netheilani? whs. communicated to
sli-j Biiti3li Government, had considered himself bound,m fuI-
ti'm lit of the obliffnuons which he bad contracted by !he terms
of the convention ol atbitrauon oi S«'ptembor 29, 1SV7, to ex
press to bit N<therla.nd Majesty his Majesty's assent to 'hat
award. * * * * * It appears to life Majesty's Govern
ment thatthe time is now arrived when a final understanding
between iheB l teh and American Guveu.ments on the sub-
ject of thai awaid, and on the measures nectary to be taken
for carrying 11 inn- t-lfecr. ought no longer to bedelaved; and
the wuleisigned is accordingly riir< cled, in making to the Sec-
retary of State the present more formal communication of tbe
assent of his Majesty to the decision of his Netherland Majesty,
to inquire of Mr. Livingston whether the Government of the
United States are now ready to proceed, conjointly wnh that o
Gieat Britain, to the nomination of commissioners (or marking
< ut the boundary between the possessions of his Majesty in
North America and those of the United States, agreeable to
ins Netherland Majesty's award? * * * * * On every
ground, therefore, hi? Majesty feds confident that the Govern-
ment of the United States will not hesitate to enable the un-
dersigned ro apprize hia Majt sty's Government of their ac-
quiescence m the decision of the King of the Netherlands.
***** The grounds on which his Majesty's accept-
ance of that decision was founled, have been fully explained
by the undersigned; and he is commanded 'o add, that among
ihe motives which influenced his Majesty on that occasion,
there was none more powerful than tbe anxious desire which,
fus Majesty Jeels to improve and confirm ihe harmony which
so happily exists on other subjects between Great Britain and
the United Siatcs, by thus sKtimg, once for all, a question of
gieat difficulty, and forichich his Majesty is unable to SS6
any oihtr solution."
This demand,thus repeatedly and solemnly made
by Great Britain for the execution of the award,
establishes a great point in the character of this
treaty. It is, that the British Government was then,
entirely satisfied with that award—asked nothing
more—insisted upon its execution; and declared
its non execution to be the only obstacle to the har-
mony of Ihe two countries, and presented the ex-
ecution of this award as being the only solution
to the existing difficulties. Now what -was that
awards It was, that the British should have the
country north of the St. John and the St. Francis,
and that we should have Rouse's Point. This was
the whole amount of the award. JNot an inch of
teiritory ur boundary yielded on this side of the
St. John and St. Francis—not a cent in money or
territory, as a compensation for Rouse's Point 1
Af'er this, how comes it that a belt of territory,
one hundred and ten miles in length, is yielded on.
this side those rivers? How comes it that a
mountain boundary, one hundred and fifty miles
in length, is yielded opposite Quebec"! How comes
it that a-conventional line in the low lands of
Maine is substituted for this natural frontier, and
so guarded as to be kept at a certain distance from
Glucbec'? And how comes it that Rouse's Point
becomes a purchase from Great Britain, for which,
the United States must pay half a million to Maine
and Massachusetts'! These are questions to which
the mind instantly reverts—upon which it demands
light; and upon which the want of protocols leaves it
entirely in the dark. The British .Government
could see no obstacle to harmony but the non-com-
pliance with the award: they could see no solution
to the difficulties between the countries, but in the
execution of the award. Our Secretary negotiator
has found another solution; and that is, togivethem
double as much as the award gave, and pay for
Rouse's Point besides! and that, after rejecting the
award because it gave too much 1
But to go on with the award, and President
Jackson's application to the Senate for their ad-
vice and consent to its execution. His message,
and the Biitish demand, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. That committee,
Mr. Tazewell being the chairman, reported in fa-
vor of the award. But the report was opposed and
defeated; and even a proposition for opening new-
negotiations with Great Britain shared the same
fate. The party m the Senate then in opposition
to General Jackson, would neither execute the
award, nor treat further for settling the line with
Great Britain * Nothing would then do them, but
the treaty of 1783. Defeated in the Senate, and
still anxious to execute the award, President Jack-
son applied himself to the two States interested. To
overcome theii opposition, he proposed an indem-
*The journa's of the Senate prove these sta'erner.tp, *n<! jiigf.
lice to President J<<clc«on requires 'hem to be known T1 ere-
solve o) Mi Tazewell was in thefe words:
"tiesolctd, That the Senate do advise the President foex-
press to the King of the Netherlands the assent of the
United Stutes to the detet mination made by him, and con-
i>ttU to the ex- cu'ion of the some."
Thitf le-olution was defeated by side blows; and the award
being thud frustrated, an attempt was made in the Senate to
open new negotiations for settling the boundary. Thetol.
lowing was the i eaolution for the new negotiations, and the
vote uponitsadoption:
uResolved, That the Senate advice tbe President to open a
new negotiation wuh bis Britannic Majestj's Government, for
the ascertainment of the bonndd'y between the possessions of
the United Sta'es and those of the Kin? of Great Butain, onthe
Nor'lieastcrn lronn?i of the United States, according to th«
ucat> of ped.ee of 178t!>."
Yeas—Me^rs. Benton, Brown, T)..Has, Dickeraon, Dudley,
Ellis*, Grundy, Hendricks, Hill, Holmes, Kane, King, Mangum,
Mt rcy, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith, Sprague, Tazewell, Tiptcn.
Troup, White, and Wtikms— 23
Nays—Me^rs Bell, Rthb, Chambers, Clay, Clayton, Ewing,
Foote, Fiehngliuyfcen, Hayne, Johnston. Knight,Miller, Moore,
Natulain. Poimlexter, Prentiss, Robbins, Seymour, Silsbet-,
T' mhri«on, Tyler, and Webster—22.
Not being two-thirds in favor of the resolution, it was re-
jected.
