-Angast, 1842
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ll
27'th Gomg-**'3d
Sess.
The British Trea'y—Mr. Bnilon.
Senate.
State, twenty-eight years thereafter, an alliance for
the suppression of the slave trade,by aims and re-
monstrances, was negotiated between the two powers.
The President of the United States, in his message
to the Senate, and in tliat pan of it which relates to the
African articles, three times refers to the article in
the Ghent treaty; and so refers to it as to make it
the cause and the justification for the present stipu-
lations, He says: t
"The early and piominent part which the Government of
the United States has taken for the abolition of this un-
lawful arid inhuman traffic, is well known. By the lOih
article of the treaty of Ghent, it is declared that the traffic in
slaves is irrfconcilahle with the principles of humanity and
justice, and that both his Majesty and the United States are de-
sirous of continuing their eflousto promote its entire aboli-
tion; and it is thereby agreed that both the con.ractinsi parties
shall use then* best endeavors to accomplish so desnable an ob-
ject "
"In my message at the commencement of the present se.=s
sion of Congiees',1 erideavoi to state the principled which ih's
Government suppoif?, respecting the itghtof search and the
immunity of flags. Desirous of maintaining thos « pi.neip)es
fully, at the same time that existing obligations should be
fulfilled, I have thought H most consistent with the honor and
dignity of the country, that ltshould execute its own laws, and
perform its own obligations, by its own means and its own
power.
"It has been thought, therefor?, expedient, not only in ac-
cordance with the stipulations of the tiealxj of Ghent, but
at the same time as removing all pietext on thepartnf others
for violating the immunities of the American flag upon the
seas, as they existand are defined by the law or nations, to en-
ter into the articles now submitted to the Senate."
Here the Ghent treaty is quoted—thr^e times
quoted—to justify this alliance. The stipulation
lor the eighty-gun squadron is presented as grow-
ing out of the Ghent treaty—as fulfilling the ob-
ligations of that treaty—as being in accordance
with the stipulations of that treaty; when a re-
recurrence to the treaty shows that it contains no
such obligation—no such stipulation. That treaty
was made near thirty years ago; and certainly this
is very late in the clay to find out a new meaning
in it. But no such meaning im there; and our Sec-
retary of State has taken a great liberty with the
President, in getting him to sign what the facts will
not justify.
The next piece of evidence to which I refer, to
show that the British are the authors of the alliance
articles in the present treaty, is the engagementen-
tered into between a British and an American cap-
tain on the coast of Africa, in 1840, and which was
so promptly rejected by Mr. Van Buren. That
engagement was in these words:
''Commander William Tucker, of her Britannic Mai sty's
sloop Wolverine, and sensor officer on the west coast of Africa,
and lieutenant John S. Paine, commanding t!i<- tinned £tao s
schooner Grampus, in order to airy intoeicot uii"ii, .is far a.-;
possible, the oldens aoriviewsol the.r resje"< ivp (_:,iv-cinntf rus
respecting tin; suppiea;-ii'ii of the ^lave-lrule, hcieh) i ■<j'i-:-;
each other, and as*!ee to delam all vessels under Ameriran col-
ors found to be lolly equipped for and engaged in the slave-
trade; that, if ptoved to be American property, they shall be
handed over to the United States schooner Grampus, or any
other American cruiser; and that, if proved to be Spanish,
Portuguese, Brazilian, 01 English pioperty, to any of her i'-n
tannic Mrfjesly's cimsels employed on the we-acosra of Africa
for the suppression of the slave-tiade, so far as their respective
laws and treaties wij! peiniit.
"Signed avl exchanged at rS'erra Leone, Llus ilth day of
March, 1810."
This engagement, as 1 have said before, was the
seminal principle ol' the present alliance; and the
promptitude with which it was disavowed and re-
jected by Mr. Yan Buren, as contrary Lo lbe.pna-
ciples and policy of this Government gives us the
fullest assurance that, il he had continued Presi-
dent, the double alliance which we now have, and
of which that little Sierra Leone agreement was
the seed, would not have taken place. The 8th
and 9th articles of the Washington city tieaty, of
1842, are nothing but the enlarged edition of the
Sierra Leone engagement of 1810; and the British
negro colony on the coast ofAfriea was a very prop-
er place to eommeri'ce the entanglement in'which
we are now involved, and from which a wise and
patriotic President temporarily relieved its. Tru-
ly, the British had manv reasons for interfering in
our late Presidential election, and seconding the
Federal cry of—-change! change 1 change'
X crown these historical facts in favor of my as-
sertion, that the British minister was the author of
the articles in the present treaty, by recurring
again to the studied and ominous ambiguities of
the President's message. I recur to them, to prove
the contrary of their intention. Their intention
was to establish the alliance as beingof American
origin, and voluntary; I recur to them to prove its
origin to be Briiish, and compulsory. Without
reading the passages over again, I refer to the
phrases: "Seizure and detention of American ves-
sels by British cruisers on the coast of Africa:
treaty signed in London by the five powers: not
officially communicated to this Government, no ap-
plication to become party to it: but the five powers
attentive to opr course: discussion, warmth, and
excitement in Europe about our course- better
to execute our laws, by our own means, and our
own power- delicacy of the right of search: im-
munity of flags: visitation by cruisers lead to
dangerous results: as removing all pretext on the
part of others for violating the immunities of the
American flag: therefore, entered into the articles
now submitted to the Senate." I point to these
phrases in the President's message, so ambiguous
and so unsatisfactory, always raising a curiosity
which they do not satisfy; and the second member
of cach sentence always turning off from the con-
clusions to which the first member of it would
lead. I point to these as the crowning evidences of
my assertion, and as betraying what they were in-
tended to conceal—that these anti slave-trade stipu-
lations are of British origin, were given to our
Secretary by the special minister, and by our Sec-
retary presented to the American public as-his own.
This is my opinion; and if anybody wants any
further evidence, they may have it in the magni-
tude and openness of the kindred movements—-the
abolition movements—now going on in London.
Abolitionism is the father of these articles: that
father resides in London, but his children are here.
Conscious of the dangerous ground upon which
he was treading, the President has endeavored to
shield his work behind the stipulations of the Ghent
treaty. Three times, in the course of a few brief
paragraphs, he has invoked that tieaty, and called
it in for the justification of his own. Three times
he has called it to his help. But, stop. Let the
message speak for itself. Hear it.
'■Uy tii*1 lentil ariicle of the treaty of Ghent, it is docl ;red that
the traiiic in slaves is irreconcilable with the ptmcip'es of hu-
manity aririjuslice; and that boli his Majesty and the t mted
Malts aie dcsirousof continuing then efloin, topio.note us ; n-
tuuab'ilitixn; arid It is, thuefoie, agrefdthat bolh the contiact-
nnr parncs siull use ib-jir !/est endeavors to accompVh so tle-
suable an ohj.'ct. The Government of the tinned States has,
by law,declaied the African slave trade piracy," <fcc.
Desitotis of maintaining those principles fully, at the satne time
that existing obligations should be fiilfiile ', I ha\ e thought it-
most con-sls'ent wnh the honor and dignity ol the count] y thai H
should execute its own laws, and pel form its own obligations,
by itsown means, and its own power. ' It has b en
thought, therefore, expedient, not only in accordance wi'h the
stipulations of the treaty of Ghent, but, at the same time, as re-
movingalf pietext on the part of others lor violating the immu-
nities of the American flag upon the seas, as they exist and are
defined by the law ofnallons, lo enter into the articles now sub
rintted to the Senate."
This is the message—this its appeal to the Ghent
treatv, to its obligations, its stipulations: as if it
contained any stipulation or any obligation in favor
of this alliance! Vain invocation! and more in-
sidious than vain! The Ghent treaty can give
them no help. It has no aid or countenance to
lend them. Though weak and reprehensible as is
this tenth article, yet it binds us lo nothing, and
was harmless under the previous administrations.
It was an imprudent concession to dormant aboli-
tionism at the time it was made; but it is impossi-
ble to charge it with the crime ot this alliance.
We are fulfilling no existing obligation arising
under it, in raising this subsidiary fleet, or in send-
ing forth our (luixotie ambassadors. There is no
accordance, in these naval and diplomatic engage-
ments, with anything in the vague stipulations of
the Ghent treaty. This fighting on the coast of
Africa, and remonstrating through Europe, Asia,
Africa, and the two Ameiicas, is no continuation
of the statutory enactments against the slave-trade
contemplated by the treaty of Ghent. That treaty
cannot father the eighty guns, and the remonstra-
ting ambassadors; and the appeal to it to justify
these measures, was an admission that justification
was wanted, and could not be found. Ar.d here
we must pause, to remark the disingenuousness of
this invocation. Always remembering that 1 con-
sider the message the work of the Secretary, I point
out, to the reprehension of the Senate and the coun-
try, the errois of fact which it contains, to mislead
the public mind; and, among these, I now have to
point out these three invocations of the Ghent trea-
ty to justify this British alliance, when that treaty
contains not a syllable which can justify the invo-
cations.
The French Government has taken care of it-
self: it has refused to sign the quintuple alliance,
or the subslitute for it. We have signed the substi-
tute; and may thank the French Chamber of Dep-
uties, and the pamphlet of General Cass, that it is
no worse. The debates of that chamber, the argu-
ments of that pamphlet, and the refusal of Fiance
to sign, have doubtless prevented the "official corn-
munieation of the five-powers treaty to us, and the
formal application to us to become parties to it.
Such a communication, and such an application,
in the present deplorable constitution of the Federal
Executive—diseased dread of war, and cankeied
love of peace—must have been indescribably ca-
lamitous.
One more view of this eighty-gun squadron, and
I dismiss it from my speech.
1 am no man to invokeour Constitution on every
pettv occasion, and to eke out all arguments with a
cry "of a violation of that sacred instrument. The
Salariiinian galley was only launched on great oc-
casions. I am slow to cheapcn our Constitution by
appealing to it in doubtful or frivolous circtim-
stanccs. But it does seem to me f hat here there is
room neither for doubt nor frivolity; and that the
raising this squadron for the defence of Africa, and
for the redress of moral evils in that remote region,
is an act wholly without the pale of our Constitu-
tion To Congress alone it belongs to raise fleets—
and that, for the defence of our own country: but
here is a fleet to be raised, not by Congress, but by
the President, the Senate, and the Q.ueen of Great
Britain; and this fleet for the defence, not of these
confederated-States, but of African tribes; and for
the suppression,not of political, but of moral evils.
It does seem to me that Congress itself could have
no power to do this—still less the President, Senate,
and Queen Victoria. To provide and maintain
navies, is a power specifically granted to Congress:
it is a legislative power—and properly so; because,
with us, the questions of war and peace, of fleets
and armies, of loans and taxes, are all legislative
powers, and peculiarly under the charge of the peo-
ple's immediate representatives. It will not do to
deceive ourselves by analogies to other govern-
ments. Ours is a government of limitations, and of
s eparate departments. "Each department must keep
within its own sphere. It must not transcend its
own limits—much less invade those of another.
The treaty-making power is a distinct power, and
its acts are the supreme law of the land. But it is
not everything which the President and Senate,
and a foreign prince, or an Indian chief, may choose
to insert in a tieaty, that is this supreme law. Were
it so there would soon be no power in our country
but that of the President and Senate, acting with
some foreign kings, or with savage tribes. To gain
this character of supreme law, or even of law at
all the subject-matter of the treaty must be within
the competency of the treaty-making power: it
must be a subject for treaty regulation, and not for
legislative, judicial, or executive action. And this
competency must be tried by our own Constitution,
and not bv the constitutions or practices of Euro-
pean monarchs. What is fit matter for treaty reg-
ulation in one country, is not so in another; and in
no country is the treaty-making power more limit-
ed and circumscribed than in our own. The mass
of the powers of our Government are given to Con-
gress; and whatever is given to Congress is taken
away from all other powers. Now, apply these
principles to the act in question. This treaty stip-
ulates lo. prepare, equip, and maintain a squad-
ron—to keep it up for five years, and after-
wards, until the President of the United States,
or the British Government, gives notice for it
to be withdrawn—to employ it, in conjunction with
a British squadron, for the defence of Africans,
and for suppressing the moral evil of slave-taking;
the squadron to be of eighty guns at the least.
Now, the preparing, equipping, and maintaining
in service this squadron, is a legislative act, specifi-
cally given by the Constitution lo Congress. Thus
far, it is an invasion of the legislative department.
All the rest is sheer usurpation, such as Congress
itself could not make legal. Congress itself can-
not create a squadron for five years; for the same,
or any other Congress, may repeal the law. It
cannot make the continuance of the squadron de-
pendent upon the will of the President, or of a
foreign prince; but it must depend upon the will of
Congress itself. It cannot raise fleets for objects
foreign to the objects of the Union—as the defence
of Africa; or for redressing moral wrongs—-as the
suppression of the African custom of selling one
another; but the fleet must be raised for the defence
of the Union, or of the rights and interests of its
citizens abroad. Thus, the treaty stipulation for
this squadron is, in its first step, an invasion of the
legislative authority, and is void: in every subse-
quent step, it is sheer usurpation, and such as Con-
gress could not legalize if it would. I wist> to be
