16
APPENDIX. 1*0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
August, 1848.
27th Comg "«3d Sbss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
require to be kept where they attempted to plaee it—
in the depths of everlasting oblivion; but which the
Honor of the Senate requires to be exposed to broad
day-light. The Secretary of State has sent us, un-
der the most awful injunctions of secrecy, certain
letters from Mr. Jared Sparks, in Paris, covering a
certain disinterred map, marked with certain red
lines, said to be drawn by Dr. Franklin when
minister in France, and by which the highlands
which divide the Penobscot waters from the St.
John are shown to be the boundary between the Uni-
ted States and Great Britain, instead of the high-
lands which divide the waters of the St. Lawrence
from those of the Atlantic ocean. The chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Relations, by his po-
sition, was made the interpreter of the Secretary
on this occasion. He unfolded the whole to us,
with all the invocations to secrecy and to despatch
in our work, which the Secretary had impetraied
of him; and, as a reason for this despatch and se-
crecy, he read us a paragraph in Lord Ashbur-
ton's letter of the 11th of July, irom which it was
to be dreaded that his Lordship and the British, if
not forestalled by a prompt ratification of the treaty,
might find out our secret, refuse the ratification
themselves, and seize on ail Maine down to the Pe-
nobscot. At the moment that the chairman o( the
Foreign Relations commiitee was making these rev-
elations and adjurations, struck by the strangeness
of the scene, 1 demanded of him whether these
communications came from the President"! He
answeredtNo; from the Secretary of S'ate. 1 then
declared that they were not covered bv the
rules of confidential intercourse between the Presi-
dent and Senate, and not entitled to secieey; and
the less so, because they had already been shown to
many Senators out of doors. And, in the same
instant, I treated the whole communication as a
most unworthy contrivance— a fraud upon the Biit-
ish, if it was true; with a request lo the Senate to be-
come partv to the fraud: an insult to the Senate if
they were false; and the more so, if they had al-
ready been shown to Lord Ashburton, as they seem-
ed to have been; and, in any event, a disgrace to
its contrivers. At the same instant, I showed the
bundle of old maps, collected and preserved by Mr.
Jefferson, and belonging to the Congicss Library,
in which this very line was laid down in the same
red color, while Die true one wns marked with dots,
in a French map made in Pans, and dedicated and
presented to Dr. Franklin in the year lltii. All
this I did upon'the instant—in the Jlash of the mo-
ment—with the hot feeling of indignation upon me
—and without intending ofletice to the Senator
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee of
Foreign Relations, whose position had made him
the organ of the Secretary on this humiliating oc-
casion.
I do not go into the full delene" of Dr. Franklin,
whose very gltn-tf seems lo have been made to play
a part to ravish from our astounded senses the in-
stant ratification of this treaty. I do not undertake
to defend him from the resulting implications of
these strange communications; and, to show that his
geography could not have lm-taken the highlands
between the Penobscot and the St. John, for the
highlands between the St. Lawrence and the At-
lantic—his astronomy could not have mistaken the
south side of Nova Scotia for the northwest corner
of that province—and that his geumetiy could not
have substituted a clocked line, miming zigzag
west from the head of the St Croix, lor a straight
line running from the head of that river due north
to the intersection o! the ridge between the Atlantic
and the St. Lawrence. I eo not go into this de-
fence,nor expose the attempt to stuhify Dr. Frank-
lin, in order to screen our pi ('sent negotiator fiom
responsibility for bis enormous sacrifices. That
task has been assumed by the natural defender of
Dr Franklin on this floor—the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, who has married his descendant, [Mr.
Walker,]—and who will do justice to the illustri-
ous dead. I limit myself lo showing a couple of
maps—one of which shows the same line attributed
to Dr. Franklin, in red coloring, and the true one
in dots; the other shows the true boundary of the
United States, marked by Mr. Jefferson. And, fust,
I will explain how X came lo the knowledge of
these maps, and chanced to have them on my ta-
ble at such an appropriate moment.
The way of it is this: I made it my business
to go and see Mr. Jefferson before he died; and in
the course of a long winter evening, in which I
contrived to make him do all the talking, he said
to me many things which I have endeavored to re-
member, and to act upon as occasion presented, i;
Among other things, he told me that when he was
minister in Paris lie had endeavored to make him-
self master of everything that related to the New
World, and especially to our own part of it; and
for that purpose was accustomed to spend his leis-
ure evenings in the booksellers' shops, searching
out for every publication.that related to. the United
States and'the two Americas. He told me of many
rare books, and in various languages, which he
had collected, and of a mass of maps and charts
which he had bound up; and that all his collection
had gone to the United States with the sale of his
library, and were in the library of Congress. I
have often availed myself of this information to
trace questions—historical, political, geographical—
through his ample volumes; and had often looked
over his collection of maps, venerable for their
age and for the hand that collected them. This
morning, when we locked our doors on this treaty,
I sent a note to our Librarian, with a request to
send me the Jefferson maps; and was actually look-
ing over the collection at the time, and tracing the
well-marked Northern boundary upon it, at the in-
stant that the chairman of the Committee of Foreign
Relations was revealing to us the unexpected dis-
coveries of Mr. Jared Sparks. It struck me as
very strange that Mr. Sparks should have discov-
ered in Paris, in 1842, documents of such antiquity
and of such moment in relation to our own country,
and as coming from Dr. Franklin when Mr. Jef-
ferson, who was cotemporary with the paper, the
successor of Dr. Franklin, for so many years in
Paris, and gave up so much of his time and thoughts
to these researches;—it struck me as very strange
that all this should happen; and immediately be-
gan to turn over the leaves of the mapinmy hand,
to see if it was m his collection. Immediately I
fell upon the same red line in a map made in Paris,
in 17s!, and dedicated and presented to Dr. Frank-
lin; which map I instantly showed lo the Senate,
and had placed on the Secretary's table for the in-
spection of all the Senators, Its title is in these
words:
"Co tie des Etals Unis de VAmir'ajv', suivant le
Ira. US de faix deUffi. DediSe ct piesentee a Son
Excellence Mr. Bunjamin Fiunkun, minislre des
Etals Unis de l'Amerit/tie pres la cour de France;
antien President de hi Convention de Pensilvunie^ eb
de hi. Sociefe Philosophique de Philadelphie, q-c.
Par son Ires humble et. t)es obeisant se.nnteur,
L/THRE, 178-1; av:u privilege du Rot.—Paris."
Here is the map, which presents the same line,
and m the same color, with the one which Mr.
Sparks has discovered; and with it is the true line,
in dots, running up to the northwest corner of Nova
Scotia. I; was no sect et m Mr. JefIer«on's time, as
its position now proves. It was of no weight in the
determination of the boundary, as Mr Jefferson's
own map shows, made also in the year 1784, giving
us all up lo the northwest corner of Nova Sco-
tia, and ali the commanding islands which we"
have since lost by diplomacy—Cainpo-bello, Grand
Menan, Bois-hlanc, and the grand trading route be-
tween Lake Superior and the Lake ot the Woods;
and it was of no weight in Mr. Jefferson's mind
in any way, as his correspondence on the vari-
ous attempts to settle the Northeastern bound-
ary constantly showed. But I leave all this lo the
Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Walker,] who has
already done good execution upon Mr. Sparks's
revelation. I limit myself to the piodnction of the
maps, one of which shows that Mr. Sparks's secret
is no secret; and the other of wlrch shows us the
true boundaries of the United States, as settled by
ihe treaty of Independence, and before diplomacy
had mystified and mutilated it, and which give us
the commanding route through the long lakes west
of Lake Superior; the Bois-blanc island, which
commands the Detroit river, the islands of Carnpo-
bello and Grand Menan, which command the Bay
of Fundy; and the lofry mountain which covered
Maine, and commanded Quebec; al! of which
Biilish diplomacy has taken from as.
1 turn to the device of our Secretary neiotiator,
and his attempt to ravish a ratification from us bv
means of this raw head and bloody bones, and his
attempt to impose,as a secret upon the Senate, what
was evidently known to Lord Ashburton. Taken
in any way, and it is a most disreputable contri-
vance. If Dr. Franklin's pretended marks are the
true lines, and we have found a piece of evidence
which defeats our claim to one-third of Maine, then
honor requires us to show it to the British; if, on the
other hand, these marks are the same with those on
the map I produce, and are of no value, then the
Senate has been bamboozled; and, in either event
the secrecy demanded of us has not been required
of Lord Ashburton, who shows very clearly that he
has scented the existence of Mr. Sparks's discov-
eries! The Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,]
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
read a paragraph from his Lordship's letter of the
lith of July, to show the danger we were in of
losing more than the treaty gave (by the British
finding out our secret) if we did not immediately
ratify it. I read the same, for the purpose of show-
ing that the British minister knew our secret before
we knew it ourselves! This is his paragraph:
"My inspection of these maps, and my examination of the
documents, lead me to a very strong conviction that the high-
lands contemplated by the negotiators of the treaty were the
only highlands then known to them at the head of the Penob-
scot, Kennebec, and the rivers xoestofthe St. Croix; and that
they did not ptecisely know how the north iine from the St.
Croix would strike them; and, if it were not my wish to shorten
this discussion, I believe a very good argument might he drawn
from the words of the treaty in proof of this. In thenego.ia-
tu>n? with Mr. Livingston, and afterward wuh Mr. McLane, this
view seemed to prevail; and, as you are aware, there were
proposals to seat oh for these highlands to the west, where
alone 1 believe they will be found to answer perfectly the de-
scription of the treaty. If this quest ton should unfortunately
so 1a a fuither reference, I should by no means despair of
finding some confirmation of this view of the case
Here we have the new discovered line shadowed
forth for us, along the heads of the Penobscot and
the Kennebec, and we&tofthe St. Croix, a.5? marked
in the secret map from Paris, and the public one
from our library, with the expression ol the opin-
ion that it will answer perfectly the description of
the treaty; with the significant declaration that his
Lordship will not despair of finding some confirma-
tion of his opinion, if the ques'ioii goes to further
reference. I submit this paragraph as evidence
that his Lordship had already found Mr. Sparks's
discoveries, and placed as little value upon them
as I do, and has only given these hints to assist at
the ratification of the treaty. After this, what are
we to think of the private exhibitions of this Paris
discovery to Senators, before it was given to the
Senate1? What must we think of the invocations
to secrecy with which it was communicated to us?
What must we think of such a mode of operating
upon the Senate^ And, above all, what must we
think of the treaty which, in the opinion of its ne-
gotiator, requires a resort to such contrivances to
procure its ratification?
i have finished my view of tlrs treaty, for what it contains
and will not recapitulate anything. i find the treaty objection'
dbie m every point of view, for what it contains—for what it
omit-;—(or the manner of making it—and the manner of seek-in*
t's ratification^ Applause is bestowed upon it That is a matter
of coui^e wuh a'! things done by any Government. But, to any
0i)e who ktv.ws the exertions made by theBruish Government
to procure our assent to the award, itmmtbe known that such
a treaty as this might have been made on any day by mail
rtuch a^paper as then marked B, and identified by the signature
of our r ecretaiy, and by him communicated to the Maine com-
missioners.—such a H-per as that, transmitted by mail to Lon-
don, would have hod its response by return mail, accepting it
tujo/o and senJmg us as much money into the harcatn, if we,
had asketi it, ay would have paid our new public debt many
lrn!es £Yeru ;e cry of v?ar is raised, if the treaty is not rati-
fied. The B, it:sa wfie not going to war, because we would not
gwe them ooiihle as much ;.s they were anx'ous to receive un.
d r the award. That much they intended to have, if it could be
got; and  or that tney intended to bully up to the pom! of hofdin?
the lighted match over the loaded and primed cannon. Whether
t-vy toucnedthe match, would depend upon our c.mnterance 
thenar c untenance o! our Government. This J always told
tne ftosn Maine [looking at Mr. Williams 1 I made
no speeches when such brave ones were uttered on this floor
but I constantly told him that Maine was in danger! and ifanv'
thing save. I <ier, u would he the war countenance of tfie
American Government. [Mr. Williams nodded assent !
Unhappily, they have ionnd a time wuen our Government hai
n   war countenance to show ' when a peace embassy has been
sufTiu^t to frighten our admniatranon out ofdoubiea« much
av ili. Biunh .}-jked m Jacksou 4 and Van Bmerfs time1 The
ichsAl to make this treaty would have brought no \w,r; its rati-
{ration wid bring warm the run of time. There are i nsert
wb'fhcwraotbe «ntel wiih honor or safety after the
la'lfiratton of tills Ireatv Contempt if no.v our n fni™fj,!,
Ihe Untish. Tier present Will mcrease her aurla™.
The Columbia *-iII be. „my cons.dereJ here; mip.rssme. ® w?li
he revived when U s,„;, her; liberal,,,,, of slaves'],, Canada an"
the West Irises nil, pi on; tne afliir <ehl,isser WU! be re.
peatedas often ., it pleases the colonial a^horit.es. The four
d-leuc.sabjrrtsa^ now incapable ofheir,2settled, e-icenton
terms mwlin-h war—the w Pvns,, ,aled vv~,-w,fi h.Ar.
feraWe I look upon the ratifica'lon of th's t,eaty as a calami
nyto , rnnntty; mil I « not mse^bie i5he embam*.
mem 01 ..ena.ois w.io jie.uit aielustant assent. Theyexnect
nU'hH'? belter After 'he banner m whidxrar claim has been
weakened, .:n i the British s imcthened, by the conduct01 our
taece aiv-oy his surrenfer of 110 rmlea on this side ihi
"W"" e 1 )hie~by his KM) 000 for Rouse's I'oii.r, and, above*!?
by his arraying the authority of Dr. Franklin aaa-.nst us mfi!'
w.io.lts extent ol tin B itish claim down to the Penobscot-—
of'cr lliH. Iiify expect no'.lm.s; bctte[ than w« ha,'e net nn',1^
ie,idytoc!«j bad hatvmn fjr fear 11 vvn  i
yield reluc'antlj; ami every pa,not hosom m Maine and MoT
saebusetts must now repent the rejerion of the awar l ami
hold the man to account who, rejecting it, has made a treaiy^
much worse, " 8a
