August, 1842.
APPENDIX 110 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
. iftc
. 27th Cowg.'**-Sd Sess,
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
-Senate.
■which are to work out this agreeable effect. Now,
let us see what these grounds' and these engage-
ments are.
■ Mr. Webster says:
"Your lordship is aware that several cases have occurred
withm the last few years which have caused much complaint.
In some of ihese cases, compensation has been made by the
English Government for the interference of the local auihor<-
lies with Amencan vessels having slaves on board, by which
inteiference these slaves were set lree. In osher cases, such
compensation has been refused. It appears to the President to
be for the in'erest of both countries that the recurrence of simi-
lar cases in future should be prevented, as fur us possible.
•'Your Lordship has been acquainted with the case of the
Creole, a veesei carried into the port of Nassau last winter,
by persons who had risen upon the lawful authomy of the ves-
sel, and, in the accomplishment of their purpose, had commit-
ted murder od a persen on board." * * * *
"In the Southern States of this Union, slavery exists by the
laws of the Slates, and under the guaranty of the Constitution
of the United Stares; and it has existed in them from a period
long antesedent to the time when they ceased to be British col-
onies. In thisstate of things, u will happen that slaves will be
often on board coasting vessels, as hands, as servants arte* ding
* the families of their owners, or for the purpose of being car-
ried from port to port. For the security ot the rights of their
citizens, when vessels, having persons ol this description on
board, aie driven by stress of weather, or cained by unlawful
force, into British ports, the United States propose the introduc-
tion of no new principle into the law of nationa. They require
only a faithful andexactobservar.ce of the injunctions ol that
code, as understood and practised in modern times.
"Your Lordship observes that I have spoken only of Ameri-
can vessels driven lntaBnusli potto by the disasieisoftheseas,
or earned in by unlawful force I confine my iema ks to these
cases, because they are the common cases,'and because they
are the cases which the law of nations most emphatically ex-
empts from inteiierence. The maritime law is lull of instances
of the application of that great and practical rule, which de-
clares that that which is the clear result of necessity ought to
draw after it no penalty and no hazaid. If ashipbe driven, by
stress of weather, into a prohibited port, or into an open port,
with prohibited articles on boaid, m neither case is any forfeit-
ure incurred. And (what may be considered asull suongercase)
it has been decided by eminent English authority—an.i that de-
cision has received general approbation—thatifa vessel bedriv-
en, by necessity, into a port stnctly blockaded, this necessity is
gooil defence, and exempts hei from penalty." *
"If your Lordship has* no authority to enter into a stipu-
lation by treaty for the pi eventiun of such occurrences here-
after as have already happened—occurences so likely to dis-
turb that peace between the two counnies, which it is the oo-
ject of your Lordship's mission to establish and confirm—you
may still be so far acquainted with the sentiments of your Gov-
ernment as to be able to engage that instructiont, ahull he
given in the local avthoritiea in the islands which •shall lend
them-to regulate their conduct in confoi may wt/h the rights
of citizens of the United Stales, and the just exptc'alions of
ikeir Government, and in such manner as ahall, in future,
takeaway all reasonable ground of complaint. It would be
with the most profound ieg*et that the Pi evident shoi.id see
that, whilst it is now hoped so many other subjectsi J ditlemTu
may be hannriniou.sly adjusted, nothing should 1 e doi-e in if.
gard to this dangerous source of future eoilk-tons —Mr Web-
ster to Lord Ashbiti ton, Aug {.
Lord Ashburton replies:
'■The inimeihate cape of tile Creole wt.tilil hj iM-ily
of; but it involves a clas3 ami ilescriptluu c! cases which, lor
the purpose ot alKjuling tiial seem ily yon seek Tor the tiaile ol
America through ihe Uahama.cham.el, biings into cousitleia-
tion questioned 'aw. both national and international, of the
highest importance; and, to increase the delicacy and difficulty
of the subject, public feeling is ienblUv-ely alive to everything
connected with it. These citciimstances bi my nie lo the con-
viction that, although I ie,<lly behove that much may be done
to meet the wishes ol }niti Government, the meamol doing m
would bs bcslconsidci trf in London, whine timncniute te'ci-
ence may be had to the httthesl authotuies oti every point ol
delicacyand diil.cul'y that nny ariM\"
"Up«n the great gencuU principles affectlm; hi- rn t\ wr do
not diffsr. Von admit that if bla.es, the piopc.ly o! Ainer;<\m
citizens, escape into UriU-fh ten ttories, it I ■ net c^nccre;! Hat
they will tie restoied, and you m iy be. wsil .tcr-ui ed tba; tin re
is no wiaU t.ri oar part!ha: '.hey should leach our shoses, or that
Btjrish possessions shout i he Ueed ,L. dcci.ys lot the violator'
oflhelawsofa friendly i.e'-go'ior.
"When these s'aveg do t'vi ti M -. by wha'over meat's, theie
- is no alternative The ptesent state oi Bitt-.-h law t^, minis
respect, too well known ' 1 iei;utre repetition; nor need I ie-
imnd you that it is exactly >hc. ta>,'o villi the lavss of cvt iy , ,n t
of the United Spates wtie'ie a state ot slav->rv is net reco^ii.st,';
and that the si '.ve put on slice at jV.-tevau w.n.!d oc d,, It with
exactly as would a loreigo ?lave Jaeded. uii''m ar,\ ■: ; i um
stances whatever, atiiosion."
"xn the n-ean titne.l can encase that i -:!/ ' ■ shall be
given lotiitgnvoiwiso) 'ler.M.'S-.sty'scoloi.lts on f,-"itbeni
hord: r- of ihe Unite i stares to exet,..-eth-. d :-vn lav,.; -a 1 !) care
ful attent'on to the ort'.cii own Gtiverrunent to n amtani
good nel^b') 'I1 . .<Ji■: a .d 'J.a there shall - no ( fficious nnei fer
ence 'Anin drive, by accidento. hy v.olen 'e into
those p.nts. I'he lav.Mind du of bu^pn.;'''}' shaP be e\^"iitei':
and these seem ne'thev to require nor to pis.iry any further in-
quisition lot"1 the state of persons, -.r thine.:, n i btiar 1 of v,
eo situated,; may be indisp=n-able to eiifcce ths observance
of the municipil law of the ol' ny, and the ptoper legulauon
of us harbors and waters,"
l,I hopi, sir, that, rhv e-..p!ani'ior't(n thiveiy irnpcrter.t sub
ject Will sat'sfae'T v to ihe Fi^h*1-nt, an 1 that he w, ! see
it no di~nlr...tioi ol caint-^t 'o-ne, vv-.,: have e-eo
pleased to recri?'.--; m me, t • n i Vtm ■. y woi k of rfeo.„:;"i.
non arid fnendcbip; but that be !: ra'her p.- '':"ive. :r, irv s;i_'-
, in tbts parneuls: I1. ~r-. the' it is made wri. a v^ed-
founded hope of thereby betfe* obMhiSrff'he ouiect we h ive in
View ''--LordAihlmton la J//\ Aug. 0.
Mr. Webster rejoins:
"The President places Ills reliance on those principles of-pub-
lic law which were stated in my note to your Lordship, and
which are regarded as equally well founded and important; and
on your Lordship's engagement that instructions shall be
given, to the governors of htr Majesty's colonies to execute
their own laws with carejul attention to the wish of their
Government to maintain good neighJiorhuod; and that there
shall be no officious interference with Americanvessels driven
by accident or by violence into those ports; that the laws
ami duties of hospitality shall be executed, and that these seem
neither to require nor to justify any further inquisition into the
stale of persons or things on boaid of vessels so situated, than
may be indispensable to enforce the observance of tile munici-
pal law of the colony, and the proper regulation of us harbors
and waters He indulges the hope, nevertheless. Lhat, actuated
by a just sense of what is due to the mutual interests of the tw®
countries, and ihe maintenance of a permanent peace between
them, her Majesty'sGovernmentwlll not fail to see the import-
ance of removing, bysuth further stipulations, by treaty or
otherwise, as may be found' to be necessary, all cause of com-
plaint connected with this subject."—Mr. Webster to Lord
Ashburton, August 8.
And it is of the grounds stated in the Secretary's
two letters, and the engagement entered into in
Lord Ashburton'h note, that the President predi-
cates his belief of the public satisfaction in relation
to this growing and most sensitive question. This
brings us to these grounds, and this engagement,
that we may see the nature and solidity of the one,
and the extent and validity1 of the other. The
grounds for the public satisfaction are in the Secre-
tary's letters; the engagement is in Lord Ashbur-
ton's letter; and what do they amount to"? On the
part of the Secretary, I am tree to say that he has
laid down the law ol nations correctly; that he has
well stated the principles of public law which save
from hazard, or loss, or penalty of any kind, the
vessel engaged in a lawful trade, and driven, or car-
ried against her will into a prohibited pott. He
has well shown that, under such circumstances,
no advantage is to be taken of the distressed ves-
sel; that she is to be received with the hospitality
due to misfortune, and allowed to depart, after re-
ceiving the succors of humanity, with all her con-
tents of persons and things. All this is well laid
down bv our Secretary. Thus far his grounds are
solid. But, alas, this is all talk! and the very next
paragraph, after a handsome vindication of out-
rights undei the law of nations, i- to abandon them!
I refer to the paragraph commencing- "If your Lord-
ship has no nuUiorUy to enter into a stipulation by
tteali/ for ihe pretention of such occurtences hereaf-
tet This whole paragraph is fatal to the Sec-
letary's gtounds, and pregnant with slianse and
ominous meanings. In the first place, it is an ad-
mission, in the very first line, lhat no treaty stipula-
tion to prevent future occurrences of the same kind
can be obtained HERE! that the special mission,
which came to settle everything, and to establish
peace, will not settle this thing; which the Secre-
tary, in numerous paragraphs, alleges to be a dan-
gerous source of future war! This is a strange
contradiction, and most easily got over by our Sec-
retary. In delault of a treaty stipulation, (which he
takes for gianted, and evidently makes no eilorl to
obtain,) he goes on to solicit a personal engagement
from his Lorithip; and an engagement of what?
Thai the Idw of nations -.hall be observed! No! but
th<n inductions shall be given to the British local
authorities in 'he island-, which shall lead the.n lo
regulate their ccad'iet in conformity with- ihe
rights of citizens ot the United Slates, and the just
expectations of their Government, and in such
manner as shall, in future, take away all reasonable
gtound of complaint. This is the extent ol the
engagement which was so solicited, and which
was to supply the place of a treaty stipulation! If
the engagement had been given in ihe words pro-
posed, it would not have been worth a straw. But
it is not given in those words, but with glaring
and killing additions and differences. His Lord-
ship follows the commencement of the formula
with suflieien' aceuracy; but, lest any possible con-
sequence might be derived from it, he takes care to
add, that when these slaves do leach them, "no
nailer by what means," there is no alternative!
Hospitality, good wishes, friendly feeling, the du-
ties of good-neighborhood—all give way! The
British law governs! and that law is too well
known to reouire repetition. This is the sum and
-substance of Lord Ashburton's qualifications of the
engagement; and they show him to be a man of
honor, thnt wonkl not leave the Secretary negotia-
u,r 'be dishc..' room for raising a doubt as to the
nature of the instructions which he engaged to
have, "iren. These instructions go only to ihe
inode of executing the law. His Lordship engages
only for the civility and gentleness of the manner
—the suaviter in tnodo—while the firm- execution
of the law itself—the forliter in re—remains .as .it
was. The engagement is against officiousness—-
inquisitiveness—in finding out the arrival of the
slaves; but, after ii is found out, the-law takes,its
course. This is the extent of this famous engage-
ment—a promise to get the local authorities in-
structed to perform the operation of liberation, po-
litely, but still to liberate. Politeness is all that is
engaged for; and that i will show, at the proper
time, to be completely nullified by the fugitive ar-
ticle in the treaty. Alter this, what solemn bam-
boozlement in the Secretary negotiator to repeat, as
he does, in his letter of the'8th, all the terms of this
engagement, literatim, verbatim, et pimctuatim, and
present it to us over again; as if it was the most im-
portant and sacred thing on earth ! And what a
farce for the President to communicate this solemn
nullity to the Senate, as satisfying all the just ex-
pectations of the American people! Sir, this is
making too cheap of our understandings. It is let-
ting us down loo low in the scale of intellect.
Such trifling would be too small for boarding-
school misses. It could not impose on the Inno-
cent little girls at Miss English's, who take their
frugal dinner at 12 o'clock, and believe all mankind
to mean exactly what they say. Such children
could not be imposed upon by this engagement; for
it is an engagement of nothing! And yet it is
sent to us^—bearded men ; and we are told to be
satisfied with it 1* To be officious, is to exceed the
bounds of duty or propriety; to be inquisitive, is to
be impertinently curious. Against this excess of
duly, and this excess of curiosity, Lord Ashburton
engages; as if it was necessary for a British gov-
ernor to be either, in order to find out the arFival
of American slaves in his ports! as if the Aboli-
tionists would not spare his eye the troubl^of look-
ing, and Ins tongue the trouble of inquiring. His
ear is all they wanl; and against this there is no
engagement.
But, suppose there was anything in this engage-
ment: is lhat the new way of securing the rights
of the people of the United States'? Engagements,
upon the word of honor of a minister, for us; and
treaties for the British and Africans! Is this the
new way? If so, why not put all, or none, into
this new form'? Why not put the boundary agree-
ment, the lugitive article, and the alliance articles,
into this form"? Why not take the engagement of
our Secretary negotiator for all these things, if en-
gagements are as good as treaties! But, no such
thing. The engagement of Lord Ashburton is
nothing but a contrivance suggested by our Sec-
retary of State to cover his desertion of the South,
and to bamboozle the simple with a show of hav-
in" done something, when he had done nothing.
It is his contrivance. The papers prove it. His
own letter of August 1st proves it—the first lelter
upon the subject—and in which he proposes this
identical engagement lo Lord Ashburton. The
minister has only acted upon his proposal in giving
this engagement; taking care to qualify it with-
the explanations which free it from the possibility
of standing for ?nvthing. And here we must be
sttuek with the facility with which this great
Southern question has been surrendered. Not a
stiugele made for it! nol a moment's stand t.i its
behalf! not the shadow ol a sland ! On the con-
trary, our negotiaior gives all up ii the fust letter.
Upon the flimsy pretext of no authority m the
minister to settle this question fere, (when he tglls
us himself lhat he came to settle everything,) he
proposes an engagement in lieu of a treaty stimula-
tion; and remits the stipulation itself to London, for
future ministers to settle.
Lord Ashburton proposes London as the best place
lo consider it: Mr. Websier accepts London, arid
hopes that lier Majesty's Government will give
us treaty stipulations to remove all further cause
for complaint on this subject. Thisis his last hope,
contained in the last senlencc of his last note. And
'Since the raillicanon of'he treaty, u conference has been
had with the iliitish minister bv the executive committee of
'he Foreign and Arm-slavery Society in New "Stork; m which
Lord Ashbnr.'oo isieporfd to have s-did.
"Lord Ashburton e.ud that, when the delegation came m rend
his correspondence with ftfr. Webster, they woul l see that l.e
had *aktn ad possible care to prevent any iitjuiy beine done to
ilic people if  :o!o>, that, if he had been willing to iotroducR
ari arilcic including- cases similar to lhat ol the Oreo!^, his
Goveuji/ieftt would mver have ratified it, as they will adheio
to ihegieat pin.iJ^es they have so long avowed. €£>*1 meio-
t i'npd;~3r.d lhat. ihf Mends of the 'slave in Ensnand woukT he
v.^ry waniifni to?ie 'hat no wrnng practice took,piacpijm.er
the tenth article*. '--Mr. Tappah's report oj the can-
feience.
