&
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 1842.
2fTH CONO*-"3D SBSS.
The British Treaty—Mr. Ben!on.
Senate.
Maw, why a treaty stipulation hereafter, if this en-
gagement is such (as the President says it is) as to
satisfy the just expectations of the people of the Uni-
ted States'! Why anything more, if that is enough'!
And if treaty stipulations are wanting, (as, in fact
they are,) why go to London for them—the head-
quarters of abolitionism, the seat of (he World's
Convention for the abolition ot slavery, and the
laboratory in which the insurrection of San
Domingo was fabricated'!* Why go to London1?
Why go anywhere1! Why delay1! Why not doit
here? Why not include it among the beatitudes of
the vaunted peace mission'! The excuse that the
-minister had not powers, is contradictory and ab-
surd. The Secretary negotiator tells us, in his first
letter, that the minister came with full powers to
settle every subject in discussion. This was a sub-
ject in discussion; and had been since the time of
the Comet, theEncomium, and the Enterprise—yeai s
ago. If instructions were forgotten, why not .->eiid for
them'! What are the steamers, for that, in (he six
months that the peace mission was here, they
could not have brought these instructions a dozen
times'? Wo! the truth is, the British Government
would do nothing upon this subject when she found
she could accomplish all her own objects without
framing anything. She got what she wanted for
erself, and got it without conditions. The amia-
ble facility of our Secretary granted her everything:
and nev«r more amiable in British eyes than when
he thus cut the South from the North—made a
treaty for the British—left the South in the lurch—
*<fWhat caused the San Domingo insurrection')"
"In order to reply to this question with as much accuracy
and precision as the subject will admit, u 13 necessary 4o recur
to the proceedings of the two associations 0/ which mention
was made^n the second chapter of this history; namely, the
British Association for the Abolition of the SlaVe-trade, which
held its meetings in the OLD JEWRY, in London; and the so-
ciety called LesAmis des Noiis} in Pans. A shoit review of
the conduct of these societies will serve not only to lessen the
surprise which may be felt at the revolt of the negroes of San
Domingo,but also to raise a considerable degree of astonishment
that the enslaved negroes in the British islands had not given
them the example.
"I have observed that the society in London professed to have
nothing more in view than to obtain an act ot the Legislature
for prohibiting the further introduction of African slaves into
the British colonies. I have said that they disclaimed all in-
tention of interfering with the Government, and condition of
the negroeealready m the plantations; publicly declaring their
opinion to be, that a general emancipation 01 those people, in
their present slate ot ignorance and baibanty, instead of a
blessing, would prove to them the source of misfortune and
misery. But, although such wore their ostensible declarai ions
as a public body, the leading membeis ot the society, in (he
same moment, held a very different language; and oven the so-
ciety itself (acting as such) pursued a line of conduct dnectly
and immediately repugnant to their own professions. Jlesidcs
using every; possible endeavor 10 inflame the public of Gieat
Britain against the planters, they distributed, uta prodigious
expense, throughout the colonies, tracts and pamphlets without
number; the direct tendency of which was to 1 ender the white in-
habitants odious and contemptible m theeyes ofthtir own slaves
and excite in the latter such ideas of their own natural rights
and equality of condition as should lead them to a general strug-
gle for freedom, through rebellion and bloodshed. °
"In many of those writings, arguments are expressly adduced
in language which cannot be misundeistood, to urge the ne-
groes to rise up and murder their masters without mercy.
Resistance,' say they, 'is always justifiable where force is the
substitute of right; nor is ihe commission of a civil crime pos-
eible in astaicof slavery.' Ttiose sentiments aic leccated in
a (houe.lnc) difiercnl forms; and, in order that they mi ht rot
lone their effect by abstract reasoning, a revereml divine ot the
Church of hngtand, (Mr. Percival Siockdale,) in a pamphlet
adaressad to the chairman or president of the society which
held its meetings in the OLD JEWRY, (Oranville Sharp esn "
pours forth the roost earnest prayeis, in the most undiieuiwl
expressions, that the negroes would destroy .ill the white pen.
pie-men, women, and children—in the West India islands
•Should we not,' he exclaims, 'approve their conduct in their
violence? Should we not crown it with eulosium, if thev ex.
terminate their tyrants with fire and sword? Should thev even
deliberately inflict the most exquisite tortures on thope tyrants
would they not be excusable in the moral wdgment of tho^e
who properly value those inestimable blessings—rational and
religious liberty?'
"Besides distributing pamphlets of this complexion erati-
at the doors of all the churches and places of worship in the
kingdom, and throughout the colonies, the society, or persons
in their name, caused a medal to be struck, containing the fie
tire of a naked negro, loaded with chains, and in the attitude of
imploring mercy; thousands of which were also dispersed
among the negroes meach of the sugar islands, for the instruc
non, I presume, of such of them as could not read. But unhan"
piJy, this instance of provident caution was not requisite- farm
many negro domestics return annually from Europe'to 'the
West Indies as constantly furnisha sufficient number of ]ivin£
instructors; and, certain it is (I pronounce it from my own
knowledge respecting Jamaica) that the labors of the Joctew
on their behalf as v oil as many of the most violent speeches in
the British Parliament, wherein the whole body of the planters
were painted as a herdof bloodthirsty and re,nerseless tyrants
were explained to the negro slaves, in terms well adapted to
their capacities, and suited, as might have been supposed o
rhe'nr r> ilfwcv' be wha' O'her measures
the OLD JEWRY associates could have taken to excite are-
^0Ifir^rS,t.that?f f"™Istlin.8 the objects of their solMu.de
tktwesTSesT a®mumu<>n."-JSdwartee History of
and then undertook to bamboozle ihe Southrons
with his fine engagement!
But, ii' the engagement was anything, the 10th
article of the treaty would nullify it; for that arti-
cle makes the delivery of fugitive criminals a ju-
dicial, as well as a ministerial act. The slave, in
such cases as the Creole and others, must be de-
manded either as property or as criminals; in neith-
er case can the executive authorities of the islands
give them up, even if they would. Slaves, as prop-
erty, are excluded from the surrenders to be made:
as criminals, the judicial authority must be applied
to; and twice the judge, or justice, must act against
the slave before the Governor can make the sur-
render. The justice must first issue a warrant to
apprehend the slave; and he is the judge of the suf-
ficiency of the case made out to authorize the issu-
ance of the warrant. He must then give the slave
a hearing on the charge made against him; and is
again the judge of the question of guiit. If these
two points arc both decided against the criminal
slave, then the justice is to certify the guilt to the
governor, who is thereupon, and not until then,
authorized to make the surrender. Now, of what
avail is it, with such an article as this in the treaty,
to send instructions to governors not to "be officious
or inquisitive in prying into the case of fugitive
slaves'! They have nothing to do with it under the
new treaty. They have nothing to do with the ar-
rest, hearing, or examination of the criminal. All
that belongs to the judiciary; and it is not until ihey
see the judicial certificate that the governors can
act at all; and then they must act according to the
treaty and the laws of Great Britain, and not ac-
cording to instructions from British ministers. AH
this is clear from the concluding parts of the 10th"
article. Hear it:
"Provided, that this shall only be done upon such evidence of
criminality as, according to the laws of the place where the fu-
citive or pci&on t>uchaised shall be found, would justify lu? ap.
piehonsion and commitment for (rial, if the crime or offence
had iheje been commuted; and the respective judges and other
magistrates 01 the two Governments shall have power, juris-
diction, and authority, upon complaint mado under oath, to is-
sue a warrant lor the apprehension of the fugitive or person
so charged, that he may be brought befoie such judges or other
magistrates, u.specuvdy, to the end that the evidence of crimi-
nality may he heard and considered; and if, on such hearing,
the evidence be deemed sufficient to sustain the charge, it shall
he the duty of the examining judge or magistrate to certify the
fame to the proper executive authority,.that a wauant may
issue for the surrender of such fugitive."
This nullifies any instructions for polite beha-
vior-which may be issued. It reduces the engage-
ment to the merest hoax. The offence is to be one
tor which the fugitive could be arrested and tried,
if committed at the place of apprehension. And
who supposes that, in the abolition dominions ot
Great Britain, the murder or robbery of a master
by his slave will be admitted to be a crime for
which the perpetrator should be delivered up lo
justice"! Even admitting that, under the common
law of England, there may be a killing of the mas-
ter by his slave, under circumstances which would
amount to murder; yet who could expect, in the
present state of British feeling, that the law could
be executed by a British judge'? Who would ex-
pect even such a murderer to be given up, much
less when the killing lakes the form of defence
against violence, or escape from oppression"? Who
expects a warrant, a decision, or a certificate
againsta slave, under such circumstances? ]f any
one, let him read the Creole case, and dismiss his
vain and credulous hopes.*
 «   
•Since the conference between Lord Ashhurton and the ex-
ecutive committee of the Foreign and American Anti-slavery
Society, lot him read the account of that, or even the following
part of if °
"I.nrd Ashburton went into an explanation of the 10th article,
and mentioned seveial paiticulars of the discussion that took
place, both on that topic, and others relating to slaves. With
legaid to the case of the slave Hackett, he did not know all
the facts. Sir Charles Uasrot was known to him, and he did
not believe he would do anything intentionally wiong. Bo he
had pist entereil upon his (Sillies, and was prohehlv desitous, at
that juncture, of piomotins stood feehns with bis ffreat neigh-
bor. The lact that the slave had taken his mastei's wa'ch, was
a cncumstanre that probably went against him. 'Had he only
taken the horse,' said Loid A, (looking at Germ Smith, .-jgnifi-
i antly, though he could not be supposed ever to have read the
advice of that gentleman to fugitive slaves,) 'he would not, prob-
ably, nave been surrendered; for you know the horse was ne-
«SS>«T tor his escape.' Lord Ashburton said that, in framint*
the 10th article, great rare had been taken to provide thai intff-
rior magistrates in Canada should have no authority to surreo
der fugitives, as had been urged by the other party; and that
only the governor himself could pel form an act of so great itn-
portaiice. Great care would be tak. n. he had no doubt, to pro-
tei-t the innocent: and that the taking of any article nece&sai> to
effect an escape would not be considered felonious He said
the friends of the slave in England would be very watchful
UcM' ' "° Wr0n? Practice t00,c place under the 10th ar-
I come, now, to the case of the Creole—the im-
mediate subject of the correspondence which we
have been examining—and shall be brief upon it. I
take the case itself, from the account of it given in
January last by the Secretary of State to our min-
ister in London, instructing him to demand satis-
faction for that outrage frem the Government of
Great Britain. This is his statement, and part of
his instructions to Mr. Everett:
"The Crei'le was passing from one port of the United Stales
to another, lit a voyage penecily lavvlul, with merchandise on
boaul, and also with slaves, or pel sons bound to service, natives
of America, and belonging to American citizens, and which are
recognised as property by the Constitution of the United States
in those States m which slavery exists. In the course of the
voyage, some of the slaves rose upon the mas er and crew, sut-
duedlhem, murdered one man, ant! caused trie vessel to be car-
ried into Nassau. The vessel was thus taken to a Bn'ish port-
not voluntanly, by thuse who had the lawful authouty over her,
but forcibly and violently, against the master's will, and with
the consent of nobody but the mutineers and murdeiers; for
there is no evidence that these outrages were committed with
the concurrence of any of tho slaves, except those actually en-
cased in them. Under these ciicumstances, it would seem to
nave been the plain and obvious duty ol the authorities at Nas-
sau, the port of a fuendly power, to acsist trie Am«ncan consul
m putting an end to the captivity of the master and crew, re-
storing to them the control of the vessel, and enabling them to
lesume their voyase, and to take the mutineers and murderers
to their own country to answer for their crimes before the
propec tnbun il. One cannot conceive how any other coursc
could jusiy be adopted, or how the duties imposed by that part
of the code regulating the intetcourse of*fritndly States, which
is generally called the comity of natioos, could otherwise be ful-
filled. Keie was r>o violation of British law attempted or in-
tended on the part of the master of the Creole, nov any infringe-
ment of the principles ol the law of nations. The vessel was
lawfully engaged m passing from port to port m the United
States By violence and ciime she was carried, against the
master's will, out of her course, and m'o the poi', of a friendly
power. AH wa.3 the result of foice. Oeitainly, ordinary com-
ity and hospitality entitled him to such assistance from the au-
thoriuesof tho place as should enable him to resume and prose-
cute his voyage, and bring the offenders to justice. But, instead
of tin®, if the facts be as represented in these papers, not only
did the authorities give no aid for any such purpose, but Jhey
did actually lufeifeie to bet fiee the slaves, and tuenab'e them to
disperse themselves be) end ihe lvach rsf the master of the ves-
sel or their owners. A proceeding like this cannot but cause
deep feeling in the United States.
"It has beers my purpose to write you at length upon this sub-
ject. in order that you might lay before the Government of her
Majesty, fully, <>nu without lescrve. the views entertained upon
it by that of the United States, and the grounds on which those
views arc taken But the early return of the packet precludes
the opportunity of g -nig thus into the case in this despatch; and
as Lord Ashburton may shortly be expected here, it may be bet-
ter to enter fully into it with him, if his powers shall be broad
enough to embrace it. Some knowledge of the case will have
reached England before hisdepaiture; and very probably his
Government may have given him instructions But I request,
nevertheless, that you lose r,o time in calling L rd Aberdeen's
attention to u in a general manner, and living him a narrative
of the transaction, such as may be framed fiom the papers now
communicated; with a di&tinct declaration, that if the facts turn
out as stated this Government thinks it a clear ease for indem-
nification.
"You will avail yourself of an early opportunity ofcommu.
mcating to Lord Aberdeen, in the manner which you may deem
most expedient, the substance of thi-s despatch, and you will re 
cetve Jmther instructions iemetine the case of ihe Creole
unless it shall become the subject of discussion at Wash-
ington.
uIn ail your communications with her Majesty's Government,
you will seek to impress it with a full conviction of the danger-
ous impoitance to the peaceofthe twocountnesofoccurrences
of this km<., and the delicate nature of the questions to which
tupy give rise ;
This was the case of the Creole, and it is well
and clearly stated. Our Secretary writes well, but
performs badly. He has well stated this case, and
duly supported it by an argument against the legali-
ty of the conduct of the Nassau authorities, in favor
of the just title of the injured owners to indemnifi-
cation, and the necessity for a treaty stipulation fo
prevent the recurrence of eases so" dangerous to
the peace of the two countries Mr. Everett was
directed to press the case in London: the Secretary
undertook to do it here, if Lord Ashburton brought
the proper powers with him. The powers were
not brought; nor have thev been sent, or even sent
for! Nothing in the case of the Creole has been
done m London; nothing here: and now we are to
ratify a treaty from which the whole case has been
excluded, and to be content wilh a correspondence
which contains a promise for an engagement which
is a derision of our complaints. Five cases like
ose. <>i Ihe Creole, differing only in degree of
atroci'y, have occurred, fn the two first, there
was pecuniary compensation to the injured owners;
in none of them has there been reparation to the
insulted flag ot the United States: and in the three
latter, there has not even been a suggestion of in-
demnifying the owners. Great Britain is evidently
assuming higher ground on the subject of slavery
and after the manner in which we have been
coerced into a naval and diplomatic alliance against
slave takers, and after the quintuple treaty has been
