August, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cons  "3d Skss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
shown to us, there'is no knowing what is in store
for the slave possessors.
Sir, I hold that the honor of the Senate as a body,
and the honor of the greater part of the Senators
now present individually, is concerned in the settle-
ment of this Creole ease, and the others of the same
class. We have done what involves oar honor.
We adopted resolutions on this subject—strong and
just resolutions—and adopted them unanimously.
They declare this condact of the British local au-
thorities to be a violation of the law of nations,
and highly unjust to our citizens: and these resolu-
tions, and the speeches ill t,upport of them, were
forwarded to London, to be used by Mr. Everett in
pressing the unsettled cases. Both the resolutions
and speeches seem to have been disregarded in
London: shall they be disregarded here! disregard-
ed by the Senate which passed them, and by the
Senators who spoke and voted for them"? Here is
the paragraph of the Secretary's letter which in-
forms us of the transmission of these resolutions
and speeches to London, to be laid before the Brit-
ish ministry:
"You are acquainted with the correspondence which took
place a few years ago. between the Ameiican and English Gov-
ernments, respecting the ca«esr f ihe Enterprise, the Comet, and
the Encomium. 1 call your attention to ihe Journal of the
Senate of the (/niteiiStates, containing resolutions unanimously
adopted by that body re^pectm# those caeee. These resolutions,
I believe, have already been brought to the notice of her Ma-
jesty's Government; but it may be well that both the resolu-
tions themselves, and the debates upon them, should be again
adverted to. You will find the resolutions, of course, among
the documents regularly transmits d to the legation, and the
debates m the newspapers with which it has also been sup-
plied from this departmeht."
And here are the resolutions themselves:
"Resolved, That a ship or vessel on the high seas, in time of
peace, engaged m a lawful voyage, is, according to the lawn of
nations, under the exclusive jurisdiction of the State to which
her flag belongs;—as much so as if constituting a part of her
own domain.
"Resolved, That if such ship or vessel should be forced by
stress of weather, ar other unavoidable cause, into the port and
under ihe jurisdiction of a friendly power, the and hei cargo,
and the persons on board, with their property, and all the lights
belonging to their personal relations, as established by the laws
of the State to which they belong, would be placed under the
protection which the laws of nations extend to the unfortunate
under such circumstances
"Resolved, That the brig Enterprise, winch whs forced, un-
avoidably, by stress of weather, into Fort Ifumiltwi, Bermuda
island, while on a lawful voyage on the hieh seas, from one part
of the Union to another, comes wnhm the principles embraced
by the foregoing resolution*; and that the seizure and detection
of the negioes on board, by the iaral authority ot the ibUi'd, was
an act in violation of the jaws nf nations, and highly unjust to
our own citizens to whom tht-y hdong "
I was not one of those who spoke in favor of these
resolutions; I was satisfied with ihe speech of the
mover, [Mr. Calhoun,] and voted lor them with a
cordial good will. I deemed them correct then:
I deem them so now. I consider all the cases of
the Comet, the Encomium, the Enterprise, the Cie-
ole, and the Hermosa, to have been violations of
the laws of nations, a breach of good neighborhood,
and a contempt for our Government. I cannot vote
for the ratification of a treaty which refuses the
slightest notice of these outrages, and remit- us. lot
our "satisfaction," to the lilu-oty stipulations of an
empty and preposterous "engagement." 1 stand by
the resolutions; and shall offer an amendment to this
treaty, to transfer their substance to its pages, and
vindicate the rights of our vessels, under the laws
of nations, as resolved by the Seriate, [The amend-
ment was offeied, and rejectrd.*]
Sir, this oflence against our ships and citizens is
one of recent origin, but of increasing frequency,
and oi' augmenting atrocity. It is evidently apart
of the abolition crusade against slavery, and tends
to excite insurrection and servile war in our coun-
try. The first case occurred m the >ear 1830: U
was that of the Comet, which was stranded near the
island ofNew Providence,and earned a wreck into
Nassau, her slaves liberated, and the pjotest of the
owners disregarded These slaves were paid for.
The next was that of the Encomium, in li-31—the
same in all respects as the Comet, and with the same
results : the owners of ihe slaves being eventually
paid by the British Government. The third case
was that of the Enterprise, whose fate was the sub-
ject of our resolves. It occurred in 1835; and wis
the case of a ship driven by tempest into the
island of Bermuda, her slaves liberated, and the
•Amendment offfe-i by Mr Be^tus io tt.s ISr '! h iruiv.
'Tlut a vessel of ti'e U-stec! Siat.s, ef.gjged in al.nvvl v<> y.
age. ait(l ('nf.y r':r:], or f-:n'K.d vlolonc". oi1 lore Jd
by !'); ;'■>ti-uy., into a \Ve*t India pori, run it£t p 'r'' with
<5red' Britain,:4mU be received v.'.ili the iiwppitalny due to mis-
lorluiw, and be allowed to i.'epaitwuh dli convenient despatch,
and with all her contents of persons and property/''
protest of the owners disregarded. For this out-
rage no atonement or compensation has been made,
notwithstanding our brave resolutions, and their
imposing communication to the British Govern-
ment. Then came two cases together, worse than
all the previous ones—the Creole, in January, 1842,
and the Hermosa immediately after—cases, the one
of mutiny, piracy, and murder; the other, of vio-
lence on the part of wreckers. For these two out-
rages, as well as for that of the Enterprise, no in-
demnity or redress of any kind has been made.
Pecuniary compensation to the owners—an inade-
quate redress to them, and no atonement to our in-
sulted sovereignty—granted in the two first cases,
is denied in the three last: and the go-by which has
been given to the whole subject in this mission of
peace, and the "satis/action" expressed by the Pres-
ident, on behalf of the country, at this termination
of the business, must, if sanctioned by the Senate,
operate as an act of oblivion upon past outrages,
and an invitaiion to the commission of new ones.
At the same time, 12,000 slaves are allured into
Canada; and no limit is seen to the number which
will go, under the inducements which are held out,
and the new rendezvous which the consolidation of
British power on the frontiers of Maine will pre-
sent. The South, left alone by the separate treaty
now made for the Northern States, and with the
sympathies of half the Union and all the world
against her, must now expect greater outrages than
ever, in all that relates to her slave property. The
British have now evidently constituted themselves
the guardians and protectors of our slaves; and,
while our three millions of black slaves are better
fed, better clothed, better lodged, less worked, have
more liberty, more knowledge, and speak better
English, than the same number of her English pop-
ulation, (laborers and paupers)—to say nothing of
the poor Irish, Scotch, Asiatics, and others,—while
this is the difference, to the disadvantage of her
own white subjects, all tier sympathies are in exer-
cise for our blacks! Is it humanity, or policy, that
works in this strange wayl Is it love of the slave,
or the haired of the master, that works in this
way1?
The term SoiU/l, as indicating the slave-holding
region in this Union, is now become a term of
enlarged and extended application, and is fast
shifting to the West. But lately applied to five At-
lantic, it now includes seven transmontane States;
the former decreasing; the latter increasing. The
five Atlantic slave States lose fifteen Representa- i
tives under the late census: the seven Western I
gain eight. Their relative strength is now about
equal. At the census of 1850, that of ihe West-
ern seven must greatly preponderate; and, after
that period, the gap between them must go on in-
cteasing, in the double ratio of the loss in one and
the gain in the other. The slave interest, already
equalling in the great West that of the Atlantic,
must soon find its chief seat there; and it behooves
the Representatives from that quarter to attend
in time to what must soon become a chief subject
of their care. The liberation of slaves from
wiecked vessels among the Bahama islands, is
but a branch ol' a vast system; but it is a branch
of it which addiesses itself directly to the slave
States of the Valley of the Mississippi. The
passage through these British islands is their
line of communication with the Atlantic States,
with the high seas, and with the whole world.
They cannot tolerate the insecurity of that passage,
either for themselves or their property. Rather
they should say of that passage, and of the gult
from which it lea is, as the Romans said of the
Mediterranean—mare nostrum ! and act upon the
assumption. The masters of the Mississippi should
command the outlet from the iexjtw.viorwm. As
a Senator from that great region, I feel the respon-
sibilities of mv position, and the gravity of the cir-
cumstances which surround us. The pretension to
liberate slaves between New Orleans and the At-
lantic States, is a blow at the Great West—one
blow out of many which the anti-slave allies are
preparing for her. This treaty, by shirking the
question, sanctions that pretension; and I feel
bound to oppose it. A treaty of peace, as it is call-
ed—the fruit of a mission sent out to settle every-
ihing—the approved of a Southern President: it
-'.ill leaves unsettled the large question which con-
cerns the twelve Stntes which stretch from the At-
lantic to the Missouri, and from ihe 39th parallel of
north latitude to the Gulf. Such a question, affect-
ing so many States, and so pregnant of war, de-
served to be settled—deserved something very dif-
ferent from ignominious exclusion from the treaty,
and derisory dismission to the safeguard of a cor-
respondence and an engagement. The peace mis-
sion has put this question, and the subject of which
it is part, on the high road to war. To go with
the British to Africa, to fight for slaves, while the
British are liberating, enticing away, and exciting
to revolt our slaves at home, is to commit a folly
of which the fruit must be shame and resentment,
and all their disastrous effects.
The case of the Caroline, to which I now pro-
ceed, completes the list of the seven subjects which
the President informs us occupied the attention ot
the negotiators. He does not tell us that no other
subject occupied their deliberations; and the wairtof
protocols disables us from knowing. I should like
to know whether the assumption of the State debts,
or any provision or guaranty for their payment,
constituted any part of the objects of the special
mission. If they did, we ought to know it; and ten
know what was demanded on one side, and what
was promised or denied on the other. Informality
of the conference will make no difference. Every-
thing was informal, in this anomalous negotiation.
Wat Tyler never hated the ink-horn worse than
our Secretary-negotiator hated it upon this occa-
sion. It was only after a thing was finished,
that the pen was resorted to; and then merely to rer-
cord the agreement, and put a face upon it for the
public eye. In this way many things may have
been discussed, which leave no written trace behind,
them; and it would be a curious circumstance if sen
large a subject, and one so delicate as the SMe.
debts, should find itself in that predicament. In t&«
absence of all evidence, I have no right to an opin-
ion on the point; but, as a Senator, and a part of
the treaty-making power, I have aright to know
the facts; and shall submit a call upon the J^sident
for that purpose. [The call was submitted, butnot
acted upon for want of time.]
The Caroline is the last of the seven subjects in:
the arrangement which I make of them. I reserve:
it for the last; the extreme ignominy of its termina-
tion making it, in my opinion, the natural conclu-
sion of a disgraceful negotiation. It is a case in
which all the sources of national degradation seem,
to have been put in requisition:—diplomacy; legis-
lation; the judiciary; and even the military. To.
volunteer propitiations to Great Britain, and to>
deprecate her wrath, seem to have been the sole:
concern of the Administration, when signal repara-
tion was due from her to us.
The case of the Caroline is now near four years
old. It occurred in December of the year 1838,'
under Mr. Van Buren's-administration; but it was
not umil March, 1841, and until the new Admin-
istration was in power, thatthe questionassumed its.
high character of a quarrel between the United
States and Great Britain. Before that time, the
outrage upon the Caroline was only the act of the
individuals engaged in it. The arrest of one of
these individuals brought out the British Govern-
ment. She assumed the offence; alleged the out-
rage to have been pe petiated by her authority; and
demanded the release of McLeod, under the clear
implication of a national threat if he was not sur-
rendered.* The release was demanded uncondi-
tionally—not the slightest apology or atonement be-
ing offered tor the outrage on the Caroline, out of
which the arrest of McLeod grew. The arrogant
demand of the British was delivered to the new
Secretary of Slate on the 12th day of March.
Instead of refusing to answer under a threat, he
answered the sooner; and, in his,answer, went far
beyondwhat the minister [Mr. Fox] had demanded.
He despatched the Attorney General of the United
States to New York, to act as counsel-for McLeod;
he sent a Major General of the United States army
along with him, to gi ve emphasis to his presence; and
he gave a false version to the law of nations, which
would not only cover the McLeod case, but all suc-
ceeding eases of the same kind. I consider all this
the work ot the State Department; for General
Harrison was too new in hisofiice, too much over-
whelmed by the army of applicants who besieged
him and soon destroyed his life, to have the time
to study the questions to which the arrest of Mc-
Leod, and the demard for his release, and the as- -
sumption of his crime by the British Government,
'•'Rot, bri th.it ds it inay, her Majesty's Government. fonilaiSy
demand, upon li.e grounds already staled, ihe immediate te-
lease of Mr. McLeod; and h«r Majesty's Government entreat
the President of the United States to take into his most deliber-
ate consideration the serious nature of the consequences which
must ensue from a rejection of this demand,"
