m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 184£l
37TH CONO-«>-3D Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
all gave rise. Such questions were of necessity left
to the State Department; and-as the acts oi'that de-
partment, .1 consider all that was done in relation to
McLeod in the month of March, 1841. It was in
that month that the ease reversed the aspect under
•which our Government had viewed it; received its
new direction; and commenced the course which
has just received the disgraceful termination which
the President has communicated.
McLeod had been arrested in the month of De-
cember, 1840, while Mr. Van Buren was still Pres-
ident; and a demand was then made (or liis release.
The release was refused; and all interference with
the State courts declined. The answer to this ef-
fect, given by Mr. Forsyth, Secretary of State, to
Mr. Pox, was read in the two Houses of Congress
in January, 1841, and received unanimous appro-
bation. Soon after, the decision of the New York
court was given, and was to the same effeci; and
thus, at that peliod, the President, the two Houses
of Congress, and a Slate court, were all of one
opinion—that the assumption of his oftence by his
Government made no difference to McLeod;' that
. he was responsible to the State laws for ciossing
the boundary to commit murder and arson; that the
two countries being at peace, it was not a military,
but a piratical expedition; that the assumption of
his offence only added another to the list of offend-
ers, without giving the first a right to immunity;
'and that the Government of the United States would
interfere in no way in the State administration of jus-
tice. Reversing all this, the United States Attor-
ney General was sent to defend McLeod;* a general
officer sent with him; his release solicited of the
State; an appeal ordered to be taken in his behalfto
the Supreme Court of the United States; anew ver-
sion oftlie laws of nations prepared for the occa-
sion; 4P every preparation made, and every step
taken, to propitiate the British for the arrest of a
subject, without exacting any reparation from them
for the invasion of our territory, the murder of our
citizens, and conflagration of a vessel at anchor in
the waters of her ow.n country.
These proceedings took place in the brief inter-
val between the accession of the new Administra-
tion, to power, in March, and the meeting of the ex-
traordinary session of Congress in the month of
May following. Of course they were all commu-
nicated to Congress at that session; and, as they
were wrong in themselves, and contradictory to the
course taken-and approved during Mr. Van Bu-
ren's administration, they received the severest
reprehension. The Republican members con-
demned them in a body; and the measures for the
release of McLeod, under the new reading of the
law of nations, became the eminent subject of ani-
madversion. The friends of the new Adminisi ra-
tion, having both the facts and the law clearly
against them, took lofty ground in another direc-
tion. They assumed a Roman attitude; declared it
to Be unbecoming a great nation to punish the sub-
ject, when the sovereign assumed the offence; cited
Roman maxims and examples to show that the mag-
nanimous way was to dismiss the instrument and
seize the Chief; and they were profuse in their un-
dertakings for the Roman manner in which Messrs
Tyler and Webster would hold the British Crown
to account, after washing their hands of the wretch
McLeod. 1 The Republicans put no faith in all
- •"Havingconsulted with the Governor, you will proceed to
l.ockport, or wherever dsetho trial nwy beholden, and furnHi
the prisoner s counsel with the evidence of which you will hi>
jii possession material to his defence. Yon will see that ho
. have skilful and eminent counsel, if such be not already re-
tamed; and although you are nor desired to act as counsel
yourself, you will cause it to bo sonified to him, and to the
gentleman who may conduct his defence, that it is the whIi of
tins Government that, in case his defence be overruled bv the
court in which he shall be tried, proper steps he taken immedi-
ately foi removing the cause, hy writ of eiror, to the Supreme
Court of the United States "-Mt. Webster's Instructions tl
Mr. Crittenden, Mai ch 15,1841.
British Government) now avow the de-tructjon
of the Caroline as a public act of rmlitaiy and naval force done
under your authority. uwii^uono
"Henceforward, McLeod and others, who arte,] under your
orders, must stand excused in the eye of ihe law r , f
.courts, ini the exercise of the jurtsdiction which of u«h be
SffoM them> allow llw P'ea of immunity and dis-har?o- but
we hold you responsible in Ins place, thiotigli all those nZ
. of international redress which the code of nations has provided
foi the prosecution or vindication of national nahts The
American po«p!e-and here (said Mr. II.) I use, in part, the very
words of the answer returned by the Secretary of State- nit
distrustful of theirabihty to redress public wrongs by public
means are incapable of the poor revenge of pursEin-' ah3
-ridual for a national offence, in which lie was but the instni-
jflpnt of lus Government
"Mr. Rives appealed to the Senate-to the sentiment of
American pride-to that Roman spirit which, be believed yet
surriyed in the bosoms of his countrymen—to say whether sifch ;
these fine professions. They believed it was all a
pretext to get out of a difficulty; that, what between
love and fear of the British, the Federal prtrty was
unwilling to punish McLeod, or to see him pun-
ished by the State of New York; that the design
was to get rid of responsibility, by getting rid of the
man; and, that when he was gone, we should hear
no more of these new Romans calling his sovereign
to account. This was the opinion of the Democ-
racy, very freely expressed at the time; and so it
has all turned out to be. McLeod was acquitted,
and got off; the British Government became re-
sponsible, on the Administration's own principles;
they have not been held to that responsibility; no
atonement or apology has been made for the na-
tional outrage at Schlossei; and the President in-
forms us that no further complaint, on account of
this aggression on the soil and sovereignty of the
Union, and the lives of its citizens, is to be made!
The message is in these words:
"The destinction of the steamboat Caroline atSchlosser, four
0! five years ago, occasioned no small degree ol excitement at
the time, and became the subject of crrespondence between
[lie two Governments. That correspondence, having- been sus-
pended for a considerable period, was renewed m the spring ol
llle last year; but, no satislactory result having been arrived
at, it was thought proper, though the occurrence had ceased to be
flesh and recent, not to omit attention lo it on ihe present occa-
sion. It has only been so far discussed, m the correspondence
now submitted, its it was accomplished by a violation of the
territoiy of the United States. The letter of the Itntish minis-
let, while he attemptstojnstify that violation upon the "round
of a pressing and overruling necessity—zdmiitin?, nevertheless,
that, even if justifiable, an apology was due foi it—and accom-
panying this acknowledgment with assurances of thesacied
regard of his Government for the inviolability ol national ter-
1 itory, has seemed to me sufficient to wai rant forbearance from
any further sremoristrance against what took place as an ag-
gression on the soil and territory of this country." °
This paragraph, from the message of the 9th of
August, is a pretty faithful transcript from Mr.
Webster5* note to Lord Ashburton of the 6th; and
as it is more satisfactory to comment on the ori-
ginal than on the copy, I will read that original
and reseivc my comments for if: '
' Understanding these pi inciplcs alike, the difference between
the two Governments isouly whether the/actsmthecaac ofthe
'Caroline' make out. a case ol such necessity for the purpose
of self-defence. Scemg that the transaction is not recent, hav-
ing happened in ihe time of oncof h\a predecessors; seem^that
yourXordship, in the name oj your Government, solemnly de-
clares that no slight or disrespect was intended to the sovereign
authority of the United States; seeing that it is acknowledged
that, whether justifiabta or not, there was yet a violation of The
territoiy of the United States, and that you are instruced to say
ihatyour Government consider that as a ?nost serious occur-
rence; seeing, finally, that it is now admitted that un pxpla-
nation and apology for this violation was dup ct the time
the Piesident is content to receive these acknowledgments arm
assurances m the concihatoiy spun which marks your Lord-
ship's letter, and will make ihis subject, as a complaint of viola-
tion of territory, the topic of no further discussion between the
twoGovernments."
I pretermit the remarks upon the doctrines of this
a reply was not worthy of the country ant! the Government?
Parcen suljectis et debella, e supei bos" was the dictate of a
' y and magnanlnions spnit, whether in individuals or in
Mates Histouar.s have lt-coided the conduct of the Roman
benalc, on the occasion of their ambassador hem" killed by ihe
tnbjects of Demetrius, one of the most powerfufiinnce* of an-
tiquity. Demetrius dellveied up the perpetrators ot the act to
the Romans; but the Senate, suspecting that he had connive 1
at or encoiuaged the cutne, immediately sent back the mdmd-
11 otfendeis, notilyin? Demetrius that they would hold the
sovereign, and not the subject, responsible. Is it in fo'lowin"
the example of that proud republic that the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania finds a around for imputing to the Admm-
wKnm,1"!1 Case 0f MoLec"1> a waM °! pioper national tone
JIM hfijriii
- "Tl',e Se?a,p1' from Pennsylvania may dismiss his apprehen-
sions that the honor of the countly will be compromised in the
hands of those to whom the nation has intruded its keepni"
The Chief Magistrate, who now so worthily fills the place Si'
lie lamented flaruson, has given, :n a life of honorable aud na-
11iotic service, pledges on which the country can repose Hp
has announced ihe maxims ol" his policy towards foieign'now.
ers in terms which cannot hut command the universal Issent—
to render lustire to all, submittlns to injustice from none: and
while sedulously• cultivating the lclations of peace and 'anntv
with thereat of tha wo Id, esteeming 't.is most imperative du
y to sec that the honor ol the countiy shall sustain no bV-nu.-h >
To hese sentiments of the President, wo find a fanhlulerho n
mMiTo?8 Secretary of State, in the close of I,:-- letter
'■ 'This republic does nut wish to disturb the tranquillity of the
world Its obiect is peace-its policy, peace. But "tdl ,t ,?
jealous of vs rights, and,amo!U others, and most especially of
the light of Ihe absolute immunity of its territory from agres-
sion fi om abroad, and these rights it is the duty and determine
tion ol tins Government fully, and at all times, t0 maintain-
while it will, at the same time, as sciupulonsly leirain from in'
funiting on the rights of others '
"In sentiments such as these, we have an abundant guaranly
that n1''1™® will be none or sufiered by the present Administra
Wl ™u shall strike us from the hi?h rank among the nations
™T t\, 1 U0UB''"ggles of our ancestors hav°e placed us-
?ni ,r V'-W , *',e,Vllly pnoethe noble and comprehensive
1 ile of ac.ion laid tlown by one of our early and most ilhMii'
tain ^ %%
letter for the present, for Ihe purpose of looking into
itsstatementof facts. The letter, very clearly, intends
to induce the public to believe that there has been an
apology made to the United States by Great Britain
for the invasion, ihe murder, and the arson com-
mitted upon us at Schlosser; when the fact is, no
sucji apology has been made, and the correspond-
ence shows it. To that correspondence, then, we
have recourse to settle this question of fact; and
this is quickly done. It happens tlmt there are
three notes upon this subject: a brief one of the
27th of July, from the American to the British ne-
gotiator; a letter of some length from Lord Ash-
burton, in answer, of the 28th of the same month;
and a brief rejoinder to it, in a note of ihe 6th of
August, from Mr. Webster. In this narrow com-
pass lie all the facts of this supposed apology; and
I propose to set them out with the brevity, precis-
ion, and fairness which are due to the occasion.
The opening nole of the American negotiator of
the 27th of July, contains a vital declaration on
this point. It says that, up to that day, no atone-
ment, or even apology, had been made by the Brit-
ish Government for this outrage; and asks his
Lordship's grave attention to it. His note is in these
words:
' That act is, of itself, a wronjr, and an offence to the sove-
reignly and the dignity of the United States—being a violation
of their soil and territory,- a wrong for which, to this day. no
atoivtwe?ittor even apology, has been made by her Majesty's
Government. Your Lordship caiv.ol but be aware that self-
respect, the consciousness ofindepeisdence and national equal-
ity, and a sensitiveness to wha'ever may touch the honor of the
countiy—a sensitiveness which this Government will ever feel
and ever cultivate - make this a matter ot hi^h importance;
and I must be allowed to ask for it your Lordship's grave con-
sideration."
This note is conclusive on the question of the
apology up to the day of its date, which was very
near the termination of the special mission. The
date was the 27th of July. It is also pointed and
urgent in calling the special minister's grave atten-
tion to a wrong which he properly qualifies as an
offence to the sovereignty and dignity of the United
States. The minister does, m fact, promptly give
his attention to this call; for on the next day, (July
28th) he writes an elaborate letter of justification
of the outrage, intermixed with such phrases of
civility as might stand for what they are worth to
the American Government, but which he took
care should stand for nothing with respect to his
own. Unluckily, however, for the American ne-
gotiator, whose note was so pressing and pointed,
he shows that the Administration was already satis-
fied with the verbal "explanations" which he had of-
fered; and that it was to get something for publication,
and to satisfy the public mind, that the note was now
addressed to him! All this is very unlucky for
the Secretary-negotiator, (whose note would other-
wise have been considered as being in a very prop-
er spirit;) but, taken in the sense of an attempt to
get something for the public, after the Administra-
tion was satisfied with explanations, (verbal of
course; for there were no protocols,) and the thin°-
assumes an awkward countenance. But let us
hear his Lordship. He says:
'The note you did me the honor of addreesiia me the 27th in-
stant, lemmas mo that, however disposed your Government
might bo to be satisfied witli the explanations which it has
been_ my duty to offer, the nantiai anxiety of the public mind
requires that these explanations should be more durably re-
coided in our conespondence; and you send me a cofty of your
note to Air. Fox, her Britannic Majesty's minister here, anii an
extract from the speech of.the President of the United Sta'e*
to Congress, at the opening of the present session, as a readv
mode of presenting the view entertained on thia^ubject by the-
Government of the United States." 3
Here his Lordship explains the reason of this
correspondence; and shows it to be, like all the
rest of the correspondence in this strange nego-
tiation, an afterpiece, got up after the negotiators
were of accord, and only intended to satisfy the
curiosity of the public. Bis Lordship proceeds
then with great good nature, weighing, measuring
ana counting- his words, and evidently determined
to go as far as he possibly could to accomplish the
becretary s design, without committing his Gov-
ernment^ to anything. He, therefore, delivers
phra^s in tnis wise, for the Secretary to show to
the people.
h , a!'; ?"w Pa?SPr] tmre this o-curvence: there
hfn t F ' deliberate upon it calmly; and I
believe T may take it to be the opinion of candid and honora-
b.e nifn, (fiat the i'i.-h officers v/ o executed this tianeaction
^ Goveinment who approved it, intended no slight or
diMei-pert-to ihe sovereign authority of the United States
Tlwt they intended no such disrespect, I can most BOleimily
affirm; and I trtiM it will be admitted that no mfeienco to the
po,„if7fnaat"ona!ilt,."aW"' in
