r-.'
August, 184£.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE?
2£ 
27th Concs, .. 3d Swss.
The British Treaty—Mr Benton.
Senate.
"Although It h believed that a candid and i mpartial consider-
ation of the whole history of this unfoitunateeventwiU lead to
the conclusion that there were grounds ol justification as strong
as wcie ever presented in such case*; and, above all, that no
slight of the authority of the United States was ever intended;
yet, it must be admitted that there was, m the hurried execu-
tion of this neeessaiy service, a violation of territory; and X
am instructed to assure you that her Majesty's Government
consider this as a most serious /act; and that, !ar from think-
ing that an event of tills kind should be lightly risked, they
would unfeignetliy deprecate its recurrence. Looking back to
what passed at this dis'ance of lime, what is, perhaps, most
to be regretted, is, that some explanation and apology for
this occurrence was not immediately made. This, witha frank
explanation of the necessity oi the case, might, and probably
would, have prevented mush of the exasperation, and of the
subsequent complaints and recriminations to which It gave
rise."
"i trust, sir, I may now be permitted to hope that all feelings
of resentment and ill-will resu'tiog Irom these truly unlo,in-
nate events, may be buried in oblivion; and thai they may be
' succeeded by those of harmony and friendship, which it is cer-
tainly the interest, and, 1 also believe, the inclination oi all
to promote "
This is the extent, and the whole extent, lo which
the special minister, with all his pfiliteness and
good nature, and with all his desire to furnish the
Administration with .something to satisfy the pub-
lic, could possibly go. The only thing which 1 see
him instructed by his Government to say, or which
in itself amounl* to a positive declaration, is the
averment that her Majesty's Government "considers
it a, most serious fact" that, in the hurried execution'
of this necessary i-eivice, a violation of the
United States territory was committed. This is
admitted to be a fact!—a serious fact!—and a most
serious fact! But as for any sorrow for it, or apolo-
gy for it, or promise not to commit such serious
facts again, or even not to be so hurried the next
time^—this is what the minister nowhere says, or
insinuates. On the contrary, just the reverse is de-
clared; for the justification of this "most serious
fact," as being the result of a hurried execution of
a "accessary service" is an explicit aveiment that
the aforesaid "must if wus fact" will be lepeated
just so often as her Majesty's Government shall
deem it necessary to her service. As to the polite
declaration that no disrespect was intended to the
United States while invading its territory, killing
its citizens, setting a steamboat on fire, and send-
ing her in flames over the falls ot Niagara,—such
a declaration is about equivalent to telling a man
that you mean him no disrespect while cudgelling
him with both hands over the head and shoulders.
But, apology! the word "apology" is actually
mentioned in the minister's letter; and, being there—
no matter how, or for what purpose, or with what
qualifications—it is seized, first by the Secretary,
and then by the President; its meaning changed on
each occasion, by omitting the qualifications, and
then presented to the people of the United States as
ail actual admitted apology due from the British
Government to ours. But, let us see this woid,
how the minister uses it, and how far its meaning
is altered in the subsequent production and repro-
duction which it has undergone. The minister
says: " What is, perhaps, most to be regretted, is,
that some explanation or apology for this occurrence
was not immediately 'made." The Secretary ren-
ders the same sentence thus: "It is now admitted Ihut
an explanation and apology for the violation was
dm at the time." And the President, when it
comes to his turn to produce this important apolo-
gy, does it with a variaiion from both Secretary
and minister, thus: "admitting, nevertheless, that,
"veti if justifiable, an apology v:as due for it"
What a strange metamorphosis the minister's
meaning is made to undergo in this double trans-
mutation! He sets out with a "perhaps;" which
makes all that follows conditional. This vital
qualification is omitted both by the Secieta.-y and
President, and a positive admission is substituted
in its place. The minister then goes on to suggest
it as a circumstance to be regretted, that some expla-
nation or apology was not immediately given; evi-
dently showing, by the form of expression, and the
remainder of the sentence, that tnis little explana-
tion or apology might have prevented exasperation,
and therefore have been a politic thing. All thic:
the Secretary changes into an admission of an
apology due at the time; and the President, leaving
out the last qualification as to time, simply repeats
it as an admission that an apology was due. Now
the minister has never admitted that an apology
was due, at anytime whatever; but only as a matter
of policy he thinks, perhaps, it is to be regretted
that some little explanation or apology was not
made at the time, to prevent exasperation—not to
atone for the outrage, but to quiet the popular feel-
ing in Amei ica. This is the extent of the minis-'
ter's kindness in furnishing our Administration-
with something to show to the people; and a most
unworthy return they have made for his civility,
by garbling his expressions, omitting his qualifica-
tions, changing his language, and altering his
meaning.*
Even if the minister had used the expressions
attributed to him by the Secretary, it would have
amounted to nothing. National apologies are not
made in that style. The man must be but little
versed in the etiquette of nations, and in the rules
of international intercourse, not to knGw that the
delivery of an apology from one nation to another
is an act of the highest solemnity, reduced to the
utmost precision, unmixed with anything else,
and evidenced by the most authentic foruis.t It is
an informal treaty. Theterms of it, and the ac-
ceptance, are agreed upon before. The delivery
and the acceptance are made with the formalities
of the exchange of the ratifications of a treaty,
and. 'pro tarda, have the same effect. They put an
end forever to all discussion upon the subject
which has given rise to the apolagy. These
apologies are of rare occurrence among nations.
We have had one instance of this species of repa-
ration being made to our Government, (and but
one, that I know of,) in the sixty years of our ex-
istence; and that was in an analogous case to the
outrage at Schlosser, and from the same party; it
was the apology of the British Government for the
attack on the Chesapeake—an attack differing in
the degree of the outrage, but not in its character,
from the attack on the Caroline. For this out-
rage the Prince Regent of Great Britain "ordered"
an apology to be made to the United States, and
it was made in the proper and formal manner
known to the intercourse ol'nations. His minister
at "Washington (Mr. Poster) delivered it in tlioe
woids.
"In pursuance of ihe o, ders winch 1 have received funn his
Roy • 1 Mi."1 Prince Urgent, in the name find en the
behalf ol ii-i Majesty, tor the pm pose of proceed): g i5 .1 final
adjustment, of the dnlorences which have arisen between
Gicat iliiUiin and the United tsta'es m th^ affair ol the Ches.i-
peako ftigaie, I have Uie honor to ucqtiamt yon:
'•First- I am aw/Aon#^ to repeat to the American Govern-
ment the piumpt disavowal made by hie Mnje&iy on being ap-
prized of the unauthorized act of the officer m command of
his naval forces on the coast of Amenca, whose recall fiom a
highly important and honorable command immediately en-
sued, as a mark of his Majesty's disapprobation.
Secondly: I am authorized to offer, in addition to that
disavowal on the pan of his Royal Highness, the immediate
restoration, as fai as circumstances will admit, of the men who,
m cont-eqnence of Admiral Berkeley's orders, weie forcibly
taken out of the Chesapeake, to the'vessel liom which they
weie taken; or, if thai ship should be no longer 311 comn ifSion,
to such -capon of the United States as the Amoiican Govern-
ment may name for the purpose.
u 1'hirdia' : / amalsQ authorized to oiler to the American
Government a suitab.c pecumaiy compensation lor the suf-
ferer m consequence of the o'L-ck on the Chesapeake, includ-
ing the families of those seamen who, mifoitunaielyj fell m the
action, an d the wounded surviving.
'• Thefts honorable piopositions, I can assure you, sir, are
made with the sincere desire that they mtty pio\e satisfactory
to the Government of trie Unded States; and I trust they will
meet with that amica'olt. reception which their concihatory i,a-
tme entitles them to. Ineedt-caicely add how cordially I pin
with you in the wish that they may piove introductory to the
removal of all differences depending between our two coun-
tries."
This was an apology from one nation to another,
made in the name, on the behalf, and by the or-
der of the Prince Regent of Great Britain. Nothing
ambiguous, qualified, or miscellaneous about it";
nothing equivocal, or conditional, butdirect and sin-
gle, confined to its object, digested into articles,
and freely given. It was delivered to the Ameri-
can Secretary of State, Mr. Monroe, on the first
day of November, 1811; accepted by him in the
name and on the behalf of the President of the
United States 011 the next day; and being so given
and accepted, it put an end to the complaints on
the subject of the Chesapeake. Though war was
declared eight months altervvards, this subject was
not one of its causes, and was not mentioned in
the message and reports which led to iis declara-
tion. After this—after such an example of an
apology exacted Irom the same power, and in an
analogous case—are the American people to be
'The London papers hive noticed, with severe commentaries,
this a^-uniption ol oui Secretary tu have received an apology
when none vva:j made, anil in which otir Prt sident was so un-
fortunate as in lollow him.
t11 When some inferior persons violated, not lonit ap.o, ihe
territory of Savoy, in carrying from thence a noted chief of
the f muegiers, 1 he Klnar 01" sludinia cause.! fti.- complaint to he
carried to Ihe court of France; and Louis XV. did not think it
beneath him to send an ambassador extraordinary to Turin, to
give satisfaction for that violence."— Vattel, b, 2, ch, 18.
bamboozled with the story of an apology in the
letter of Lord Ashburton^
The celebrated Dr. Johnson was accustomed to
say that there was a certain amount of gullibility
in the public mind, which must be provided for.
It would seem that our Secretary negotiator had
possessed himself of this idea, and charged him-
self with the duties under it, and had determined
to make full provision for all the gullibility now
extant. He has certainly provided quantum suf-
icit of immbnggery in this treaty, and m his cor-
respondence in defence of it, to gorge the slomachs
of all the gulls of the present generation, both m
Europe and America.
No, sir. No apology is made, or intended to be
be made, for this outrage. So far from it, the Brit-
ish Government and people are lavishing rewards
upon the perpetrators. McNab is knighted1 Drew,
promoted! the wounded are pensioned; all are hon-
ored! In this very moment, while humbling our-
selves in a correspondence, disgracing ourselves in
a treaty, and truckling in an act of Congress-to
propitiate Groat Britain, and to satisfy her for the
arrest of McLeod,—in this very instant, the, ring-
leaders in the cowaidly midnight aggression are
complimented for it in the capital ol the British"
empire, and in the face of all Europe. A public
dinner, presided at by a Duke, (the Duke of-Rich-
mond,) attended by a long list of peers of the realm,
members of Parliament, and officers of the army
and navy, is given to McNab and Drew. Speeches
and toasts are lavished upon them, as upon heroes
who have won immortal honor. The sneaking',
cowardly, midnight assassin attack by a detachment
of the army and navy of Great Britain upon a de-
fenceless steamboat, tied to the shore, and hej^eo-
ple all asleep—and this to the cry ol no quartMP-is
placed upon a level, in these speeches and toasts,
with the great actioi.s which have illustrated the
arms of Britain's greatest heroes.* An action
■♦Dinner to Sir Allen MoNab.
At the enteitointneiif ;:ivc: by tlr- British American Associa-
tion to Col. So A. M Nab, at I he Tliatciied hou^o tavern, St.
James's street. on Friday evening, July lo, covers were laid for
neaily 1(10 gentlemen
The IJnkeot Richmond, who filled Ihe chair, was si^iported
on the rigluby siir A. McNab, Sir F Buidett, Eart., M. P , the
Right Hon. Sir G. Murray, Sir D. McDongall, Sir John Osborn,
Bart., Hir R, Barclay, liart., Sir J. Duke, M. P., Mr. Master-
man, M. P : and on the left by Lord Aylmer, the Earl of Dun-
more, Lord Dunbovijc, Sir P. Maitland, Sir W. Osilvie, Bart.,
sir Fiancts It. Head, Bart., Sir J. Hay, Bali., Sir G. Jackson,
and J lilies Hollord, Esq
fSlr R Broun officiated as vice president.
Anions the other distinguished persor.s present, were Lord
W mtei ion, Mr. Maicomh, Mi- Sheriff, Mr. Andiews, Mr. Rob.
(.risen, Mr Archili-ild, Ml. Tnllech, Mr. Urquhart, Mr. Roes,
Hi's Bell, Ifiil. Mortiiner, and t'hisholme, Cap'am Randolph,
It N., Tapiain Mooisom, Captain Keir. Mr. Bukerfield, Mr.
Woild, M. P, Mi.O Ojjie, M. P , IS.Idwin,M. P., Mr. Og-
rten, Attorney Oereral lor Eastern Canada, General Alexander,
Captain Drew, R N., Dr. Rolpb, Mr. Walter, Mr H. Hughes,
<fcc
Letters were announced ftom the Maiquis of Huntly, the
Marquis of Kute, the Eirl of Oosford. Lords McDonairi, Prud«
hoe, and Seaton. Sir G. Cockburn, St II. Douglas. Sir J. Mac-
domic!!, fc3n .T. Kempt, and Sir A. McLaine, expressing their
regret that ao^nce fiom town on previous engagements pre-
ven'ed them l'tom bemi? present.
The dinner, wuh all its adjuncts, displayed great taste and
muprntficenct;.
The Rev. Dr. Worthing said grace.
After the ciothhad been removed,
The. nobie < bamnan eaveiu succession the usual loyal toasts:
"fier Majesty the Quccfi," "TheQ.ucen Dowager;" aHis Royal
Higmiess Prince Albert;" and "Albeit, Prinre of Wales, and
the rest of theR-oyal Family;" which were drunk with three
times three.
Sir G Murray said he rose, with the greatest pleasure, to
ofier h is best acknowledgments lor the toast which had beenjuat
drurA*. ****•  Heallu-
ded wuh moreDariiculav satisfaction to that kindof reward upon
the pre?e:ii occasion, because he had the happiness to see near
mm,on 'heik-iht hand of the chan, an honoidble diid gallant
counirvman of hs*. f?'ir \ McNab,) who had earned for him-
pelt in the field a. shnre mtiat lueh l'-waul winch they bestowed
upon imli'cU-y merit. L^-^-ers | At a tryinsr and critical mo«
merit of affair m one o! tho m-ft impotfanl members of the
British empire, finding him**If in hitihan 1 distinguished Civil
situatiosi as Speakei of the House of As:.eivh!y, to which he
belonged, oi Ut>cl] a suffhi' mdtk of the h'ahfsteem m which
he was held by hn fellow he relinquished hia civil ap.
pointm^nrs the moment d.mser approached, and, rushing into
the fieiu, achieved oncof those glouousexploits which they all
so welt leuiembered, ai<d whi^h was of such esoccial value at
the moment when lUccurrod [Loud cheers ]'
Cap'am Drew--tid, he felt u the highest compliment that
could be paid to him, to he thought worthv on such an occasion
toivuirii thank® on behalf of the navy. [Cheers.]
Tpe no Me churman next .oseto propose the health of that
RHllant and d'ntmgiUfc-hed individual who sat on his right hand,
lie Jclt thaf thoy owed him a debt of grati'ude, which it was
not easy forUiia country io repay. [Cheers] In times of no
ordinary difficulty and danger, he came forward with all the in-
fluence of lus personal character—an influence which could not
have been gamed, if his neighbors had not well known that he
eminently deserved u—he came forward, resisted and over*
