August, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
27TH COK« — 3D SV.S«.
The British Treaty ■ Mr. Woodbury.
Senate.
are encouraged to repeat their most serious facts
uponus, by the perfect immunity which both them-
selves and their Government have experienced.
And to expedite their release, if hereafter arrested
for such jacts, they are informed that Congress had
been, "called" upon to pass the appropriate law—
and passed it was! The habeas corpus act against
the States, which had slept for many months in the
Senate, and seemed to have sunk under the public
execration,—this bill was "■■called" up, and passed
cotemporaneously with the date of this letter. And
thus the special minister was enabled to carry
home with him an act of Congress to lay at the
footstool of his Q.ueen, and to show that the meas-
ure of atonement to MeLeod was complete: that
ihe executive, the military, the legislative, and
the judicial departments had all been put in requi-
sition, and faithfully exerted themselves to protect
her Majesty's subject, from being harmed for a past
invasion, conflagration, and murder; and to secure
them from being called to account by the State
courts for such trifles in future.
And so ends the case of the Caroline and Mc-
Leod. The humiliation of this toLclnsion, and
the contempt and future danger which it brings
upon the country, demand a pause, and a moment's
reflection upon the catastrophe of this episode in
tie negotiation. The whole negotiation has been
■one of shame and injury; but this catastrophe of
ihe McLeod and Caroline affair puts Ihe finishing
hand to our disgrace. I do nc-t speak of the in-
dividuals who have done this work, but of the na-
tional honor which has been tarnished in their
hands. Up to the end of Mr. Van Buren's admin-
istration, ail was safe for the honor of the country.
Ked) ess for the outrage at Schlosser had been de-
manded; interference to release MeLeod had been
refused; the false application of the laws of war
to a state of peace had been scouted. On the 4th
day of March, 1841, the national honor was safe;
but on thatday itsdegiadation commenced. Timing
their movements with a calculated precision, the
British Government transmitted their assump-
tion of the Schlosser outrage, their iormal demand
for the release of McLeod, and their threat in the
event of refusal, so as to arrive here on the
evening of the day on which the new administra-
tion received the reins of Government. Their
assumption, demand, and threat, arrived in Wash-
ington on the evening of the 4th day of March, a
few hours after the inauguration of the new pow-
ers was over. It seemed as if the British had said
to themselves: This is the time—our fiiends are m
power—we helped to elect them—now is the lime
Jo begin. And begin they did. Ou the 8th day ol'
March, Mr. Fox delivered to Mr. Websler the
formal notification of the assumption, made the de-
mand, and delivered the threat. Then the dis-
graceful scene began. They reverse the decision
of Mr. Van Buren'-s administration, and determine
to interfere in behalf of McLeod, and to extricate
him by all means from the New Yoi k courts. To
mask the ignominy of this interference, they pre-
tend it is to get at a nobler antagonist; and that
they are going to act the Romans, in sparing the
humble and subduing the proud.* Jt is with Glueen
Victoria with whom they will deal' McLeod is
too humble game for them. MeLeod released, the
next thing is to get out of the scrape with the
Uueen; and for that purpose they invent a false
reading of the law ol nations, and apply the
laws of war to a state of peace. The jus belli,
and not the jus genlivvi, then becomes their re-
sort. And here ends their grand imitation of
the Roman character. To assume the laws ol
war in time of peace, in order to co'ser a
craven retreat, is the nearest approach which
they make to war. Then the special minister
comes. They accept jiom him private and
verbal explanations, in full satisfaction to them-
selves of all the outrage at Schlosser: but beg the
minister to write them a little apology, which they
can show to thepeople. The minister refuses; and
thereupon they assume that they have received it,
and proclaim the apology to the world. To fin-
nish this scene, to complete ihe propitiation of ihe
Ciueen, and to send her minister home with legal
and parchment evidence in his hand of our humil-
iation, the expression of regret for the arrest and
detention of McLeod is othciously and gratuitously
renewed; the prospect of a like detention of an]'of
her Majesty's subjects in future is pathetically de-
plored; and, to expedite their delivery from Slate
'P.Jrcere subjsctis, et debellare euperbos.—Mr. Jtives's
speech.
courts when they again invade oursoil, murder our
citizensj and burn our vessels, the minister is in-
formed that Congress has been "called" upon to
pass a law to protect them from these courts. And
here "amost serious fact" presents itself. Congress
has actually obeyed the "call"—passed the act-
secured her Majesty's subjects in future—and given
the legal parchment evidence of bis success to her
minister before he departs for his home. The
infamous act—the habeas corpus against the. States
—squeamishly called the "remedial justice act"—is
how on the st'atute-book; the original polluting our
code of law, the copy lying at the footstool of the
Biitish Ciueen. And this is the point we have
leached. In the short space of a year and a half,
the national character hasb -en run down, from the
pinnacle of honor to the abyss of disgrace. I limit
myself now to the affair of McLeod and the Caro-
line alone; and say that, in this business, exclusive
of other disgraces, the national character has been
brought to the lowestpoint of contempt. It required
the Walpole administration five-and-twentv long
years of cowardly submission to France and Spain
to complete the degiadation of Great Britain: our
present rulers have completed the same work for
their own eouhiry in the short space of eighteen
months. And this is the state of our America!
that America which Jackson and Van Ruren left
so proud! that America which, with three millions
of people, fought and worsted the British empire—
with seven millions fought it, and worsted it again
—and now, with eighteen millions, truckles to the
British Q,neen, and invents all sons of propitiatory
apologies for her, when the most ample atonement
is due to itself. Are we the people of the Revolu-
tion'!—of the war of 18121—of the year 1834! when
Jackson electrified Europe by threatening the King
of France with reprisals!
McLeod is given up, because he is too weak; the
Glueen is excused, because she is too strong; pio-
pitiation is lavished where atonement is due; an
apology accepted where none was offered; the
statuteof limitations pleaded against an insult, by
the party which received it! And the miserable
peiformers in ail this drama of national degiada-
tion expect to beapplauded for magnanimity, when
the laws of honor and the code of nations stamp
their conduct with the brand of cowardice.*
It is a noble maxim of theEnglishlaw, that every
Englishman's house is his castle—inaccessible to
every intruder but the law! "Not that it was sur-
rounded with walls and battlements; it might be a
straw-built shed. The winds of heaven might
whistle through it; all theelements of heaven might
enter il; but the King could not—the King dare
not—enter il." So said the great Loid Chatham
of the Englishman and his house. Not so with us,
in this fallen state of ov.r country. We have no
king h re, it is true, to break into our houses; but
we have a Queen of England to send her Canadian
subjecls hereto doit—to send them here to attack,
kill, burn, and capture ' and then to return to their
royal mistress, to receive the rewards which are due
to the chastisersof her Majesty's bad neighbors.
I have now finished what I had to say against
the ratification of this treaty; and, in coming to ihe
conclusion of so grave a subject, and one to which
I have made so much opposition, I deem it due to
the occasion to declare my future course in rela-
tion to it. I take it for certain that the treaty will
be ratified—reluctantly and unwillingly ratified.
In that event, I shall abide by it in all its provisions
which come within the pale of the treaty making
power—oppose it in all that lies beyond that pale.
The national boundaries come within the pale; and
they must remain as they are established, bad as
thev are. The money payments to Maine and
"Every inihvn'ua! is permitted to recede from his rgiit?, to
abautinn a jupt subject of complaint, or to forget an irijuiy.
Cut. ihecomiucor oi a nation is not as free, n thi* lespee t, a.< a
pi ivate ppifon. The 1p; tcr may hear only the voice ol generos
ity, an affair which interest* none but himself alone, de-
liver hurtself up to the pleasure be fti.ds in doing good, to his
love of 1'fJ.ceaud tranquility. The representative of a nation
—.4 vovt jeHo—cannot consult himself; cannot abandon hum-
s' If to iiih own inclination. The rights of the nation ate benefits
of the H^.t'on—nie benefits of which the sovereign is only ad-
numerator, arid he onght to dispose of them "0 'urther tha.i u«
he has lepson tobe'ieve the nation itself would dispose of 'hem.
* " ' Seldom is it sale for a nation to dissemble or pai'ion
an injury, unless it be manifestly m a situation to cruf-n t),o?e
who are" so rash a? to dare to offend if. It is then Hoi mug to
pardon those who acknowledge. their fauhs. Parcel e subjectis
et dcbcVartsuptrbos; and it may do this with safety. i?w/,
between fttopotvers thai nte. nearly equal, suffering an in-
jury. without requiring complete satisj action, is almost al-
ways imputed to weakness or cowardice' it is the means of
soon receiving from them those that are most atrocious
f VatteVs Law of Nations,
Massachusetts are domestic and legislative ques-
tions, and, as claims addressed to Congress, I shall
consider them, and do what I believe to be right
As treaty stipulations, I shall resist these payments;
for 1 cannot admit the policy or the right of Great
Britain to interfere between the Union and its mem-
bers, and to acquire the character of mediator, „
protector, guarantee or remonstrant between, them.
The fugitive offenders article I consider inopera-
tive Without the aid of an act of Congress; and
that aid T shall be unwilling to give, because I
consider the stipulations of the article as dangerous
to foreigners who may come to our country, and
useless to us, in the two eminent cases in which
the surrender of fugitive criminals would be most
wanting—the cases of slaves and counterfeiters".
The alliance articles, both naval and diplomatic,
I hold to be beyond the pale both of the treaty,
making and legislative power, and eminently dan*
gerons and unwise; and shall oppose them in all
the forms in which the question of their execution
shall come before me. I shall defeat the appro-
priations for this African squadron, and for the
puv and outfit of these remonstrating ambassadors,
if "I can; and if Great Britain complains, and de-
mands the execution of the treaty m these particu-
lars, 1 shall consider it a demand for the tribute-*-
the tribute in men, money and ships—which we
are to pay her for five years' exemption from
British search, and for so many years5 reprieve
from intended subjugation to the quintuple alli-
ance.
JBRITIS B TREATY.
[secret session.]
SPEECH OF MR. WOODBURY,
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE.
In Senate, Augvit, 1812—On several points ari-
sing m the discussion of the treaty with England.
After Mr. Rives had clos.-d his opening speech—
Mr. WOODBURY said that he did not pro-
pose now, if at all, to enter into an examination of
tbe whole of the various topics which had been al-
luded to. Many of them—such as the case of the
Caroline and the, Creole, the right of search, and
the question of impressment—were matters not evert
named in the treaty, and. of course, seemed irfel*
evantnow. But the gieat question of the North-
eastern boundary was the essential part of the in-
strument; and as ail attempt appeared to have been
made, through the chairman, to cast a doubt over
our former claims on that frontier, in consequence
of the discovery of some new maps, Mr. W. ielt
bound at once to repel it. Whether he should vote
to ratify this part of the Ueaty, or not—according
as full consideration might in the end seem to re-
quire—this much is certain: that he never should ap-
prove it on tlie ground that our title to the whole
of the disputed tenitory was in the smallest degree
shaken by anything which had yet appeared. Other
high and momentous motives, connected with
peace and war, as well as with the conduct of fu 
ture negotiations or hostilities by a party so doubt-
ful as to trustworthiness, and so embarrassed as
that now in power; others connected with the re-
cent assent oi Maine and Massachusetts—the States
alone directly interested—to the particular boun-
dary adopted in the treaty; and others looking to the
diminished importance, yearly, of all questions of
boundary between us and neighboring powers on
this continent, where we grow so much faster than
they, and are destined ere long to be supreme-
might justify a ratification of the present stipula-
tions. We shall see in a few days.
But, to seek an apology for doing it, in arguments
against -our undoubted rights, derived from loose
conjectures of itinerant Americans in Europe, or
from suggestions calculated to belittle the claim, and
injure the reputation of one of the able negotiators
of the treaty of 1783, did not seem to Mr. W. very
patriotic, or at all warranted by any of the facts in
the case
The French map of 1745, which, with its red
lines, running west from the St. Croix, had been
made to occupy so prominent a position in this de-
bate, was doubtless one illustrating the boundaries
between the French and British colonies in Amer-
ica, before the conquest of Canada by England, and
its cession in 17S3.
There is a similar map in the French atlas, on
the table of ihe Secretary, which I procured from
the State Department. The publications of thatday
