28-
27TH COHO".-SD SKSS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Mr. Woodbury.
August, 1842.
The Briliih Treaty-
Senate.
are full of corresponding descfiptions, as well as
maps, on the part of France. But, at the same time,
Great Britain, with whom we are now treating, and
•whose claims then are ours now, always resisted
the pretensions ol France to crowd the southern
limits of Canada so far south, and the western lim-
its of Nora Scotia so far west.
Instead of permitting Nova Scotia, or Acadia, to
come to the Kennebec, or even to the Penobscot,
she herself originally granted it to come only to the
St. Croix; and made and described its western line
as one running north from the source of that river
till it reached some stream connected with the navi-
gable waters of the St. Lawrence. Here is her
Latin charter oftliat province, and an English trans-
lation, giving this, in substance; and it was this
boundary, with a -slight change, to which England
claimed uniformly to the very last moment of her
jurisdiction over what now constitute these Uni-
ted States.
The change is this After the conqucst of Cana-
da, being then possessed of Nova Scotia also, she
carried the boundaries of Canada south to the
heights which turn the northern rivers into the St.
Lawrence; but, independent of that, she kept the
boundary of Nova Scotia virtually the same as be-
fore; and the same as Mitchell, her own geographer
under the Lords of Plantations, had laid it down in
1755 on his map; and the same as has ever been
claimed by this country since the peace of 1783.
Now, let it be recollected that this British offi-
cial map of Mitchell was before the commissioners
who formed the treaty of L783. Both sides concede
this, in the arguments prepared for the King of Hol-
land, now in my hand. Recollect, too, that the
ling on that map runs due north from the source ot
the St. Croix till it strikes the St. Lawrence, and
not west from the St Croix, as on this French map
Rc-c.ollect that the line described in the treaty is
to run north of the St. Croix, precisely as it appears
on that map,till it strikes the highland', from which
spring the tributaries of the St. Lawrence, and
which are near to its bank. Recollect that Doctor
Franklin, was by birth a Massachusetts man, and had
been the agent of that province, and familiar with
all its claims to boundary up to that line.
Recollect that he had got inserted into the pre-
liminaries of peace an agreement logo still further
east, ami make the Si. John, frota Us mouth to iis
source, the boundary, as more convenient, and, m
many rcspects, more eligible to us than the old
boundary.
Recollect that, when coming to sign Ihe Irealy,
this was so strenuously opposed by England, on Ihe
ground of its being a new cession of territory, that
(he old line was agreed lo be adhered to, and was
intended to be described in the treaty.
Recollect all these ciicumslances; and then say,
how could he, in a letter to Count Vergennes on
the Oth of December, 1782, mean to reler to any
map but Mitchell's, or any line on that or any
other map, except .the old line, as there laid down,
till it reached the highlands north of. and near the St.
Lawrence1! lie lacked neilher information, vigil-
ance, nor shlewdness. But a supposition (which
some gentlemen make) that he referred to some
map having our boundary line run nemlv vest
from the St. Croix, and cutting us oil', also, from
the sources of even the Penob ,col, Kennebec, and
Connecticut—a line tioi i uiiuing north at all, as Ihe
treaty requires—a line not touching in that diiec-
tkm any highlands which turn waters into the St,
Lawrence, as 1 he treaty require*—a line contrary
to Mitchell, and all the former British as well a.s
Massachusetts claims—and a line at war with even
his own express iti'iittciioiK—is an imputation of
carelessness and ignoiance altogether unfounded
in any fact- before us. It does not appear that he
ever saw the old French map spoken of, and ol
which a partial copy is sent to us—much less refer-
red lo it; and the red lines on it are undoubtedly the
old French lines, put on it when made in !71.r>, in-
stead of 1782; and are those claimed by Franco
when she owned Nova Scotia and Canada, and
were never thought of as describing the boundary
between us and England, as arranged in the treaty
of peace.
For farther confirmation of ibis view, and of
the validity of our whole claim, Doctor Franklin,
only eight days after, (viz December 11, 178-2,)
wrote to Mi. Li.ingston that ihe old line of bound-
ary was agreed on, and was to be run out after-
wards between the paities. (See, also, his letter on
the 14th of October, 1782, but twenty-three days
previous.) Here are both the letteis, in the argu-
ment prepared far the King of Holland in 182'-
So, nearly thirty other maps, published^by Eng-
land and her citizens, between 1763 and 1783, draw
the boundary line as we claim it. Indeed, Mr. Gal-
latin collected more than fifty of that kind, in all;
and one in Mr. Jefferson's collection, engraved in
1783, to show the limits under the treaty, by Os-
good Carlton—a man of science and practical skill,
as well as belonging to Massachusetts, and well ac-
quainted with her localities. Before any contro-
versy, or any motive existed to mislead, he laid
down the boundary there as now claimed; and, to
avoid mistakes as to dotted lines or coloring, he had
printed on the map itself that this eastern line, as we
have always claimed it, was "Ike boundary line be-
tween Britain and America," under the treaty of
peace. Another map before me, m Mr. Gallatin's
last memoir, made by Gov. Pownal,-in 1776, lays
down the same line as the eastern limit of Massa-
chusetts; and others still, of the same date, by Car-
ver, and others; and another by Bowen, in 1763.
These aie all English in their" origin—several of
th§m official m their character;—and the whole, so
far as regards the evidence to be derived from maps,
entirely conclusive as to the right of the United
States to the whole territory in dispute.
Mr. W. said he could fortify this position by a
mass of documents and evidence of a different char-
acter; for he had devoted considerable attention to
this topic ever since 1819, when the northwestern
boundary of New Hampshire had become hazarded
in the controversy concerning some of the limits
in the treaty of 1783. But he should occupy too
much time, if he now entered into this point fur-
ther
[Several Senators said, No- go on.J
Mr. W. observed that, at this late period of the
sessiou, he felt reluctant to do it; though, before sit-
ting down, he would advert a moment to one other
reason which had been urged for assenting to the
treaty, with diminished limits on the northeast.
It was, that certain equivalents had been gained
elsewhere, and, among the rest, on the northwest-
ern boundary of New Hampshire. This last im-
pression was erroneous He must say, once for all,
that we had not gained a foot of land there to which
that State was not clearly entitled.
Without entering into details, which might be te-
dious to others than citizens of New Hampshire, it
was enough to say, on this occasion, that the north-
westernmost head of Connecticut liver—which was
the boundary described in the treaty of 1783—was
still further west than Hall's stream, described in
this treaty of 1842. That head was Lynch'sstream;
and, as is apparent on Bouchette's map of Canada,
(hanging before us.) would, if adopted, give to the
United States several thousand acres more land
than we now obtained. Bin, as New Hampshire
had not surveyed and exercised jurisdiction west of
Hall's stream, she could not insist on going further
on her account; and the land between that stream
and Lynch's, if awarded to the United States, must,
therefore, belong to the General Government
It was for them,then, and not for her to complain,
as to what was lost between those two streams.
But that New Hampshire had a right to go as far
as Hall's stream, was apparent on all the modern
maps made since the country was explored fully,
as being more northwest than Indian stream, or
Perry's brook, or the main branch of the Connec-
ticut," This last was strangely selected by the King
of Holland as the northwestermnos! head, when it
is the northeast one. It was abo apparent on both
Bowen's and Pownal's maps, made as long ago as
177(>, as well as several others.
But, beyond this, the State of New Hampshire
had, as early as 1789, surveyed to the source ot
this very stream, and run down to its mouth, as
her northwest boundary; and ever since, when oc-
casion required, hail exercised jurisdiction to it.
All this, with other pt oofs, are Hilly detailed in
a document referred to in the coriespondcnce be-
lot e us, which was prepared by mvsell, and i-nb-
lished in the second volume of tii j New Hampshire
Historical Collections, as long ago as 1827.
He took this occasion to do the justice to both
the Secretary of State and Lord Ashburton, to add,
thai, after the New Hampshire delegation' invited
atrentit!) ><• thai document, and one of (hem ex-
plained the strong evidence which existed in it
against the narrower i:ne first proposed in this ne-
gotiation, as set out m page 67 oi ihe correspond-
ence, they both seemed satisfied that New Hamp-
shire should rightfully hold to Hall's stream.
Let our decision, then, be what it may on the
whole treaty, he must insist that, if in favor of the
ratification, (as it probably would be,) it should not
be so on .account of any just doubt created by the
old maps concerning the full claim of Maine, as
originally set up; nor on account of any equiva-
lent in any new territory obtained for 3Sew Hamp-
shire, beyond what her original limits justified, and
what she had long claimed and enjoyed.
[On the ensuing day, the chairman referred to
some correspondence, in 1833, between the British
Government and the State Department, showing a
willingness on our side to deviate west from a due-
north line from the St. Croix, provided such high-
lands as are described in the treaty of 1783 were
not discovered at the end of that line. And he,
as well as Mr. Evans, argued thence, that the
nal claim had been in some respect abandoned by
the past administration. The chairman also re-
ferred to some new letters by Lord Palmerston,
showing that in the case of the Caroline the Amer-
ican Executive—or, at least, the Secretary of
State—knew, before 1840, that Great Britain in-
tended to make no apology for that outrage.]
Mr. Woodbury expressed his regret that the con-
duct of two of his former associates in office hadbeen
called in question, who were not now here—and,
he lamented to add, were not in existence—so as to
vindicate themselves. He must ask the indulgence
ofthe Senate a few minutes,to correctwhathecon-
sidered an erroneous impression as to the conduct
ofbjth of them.
The proposition made by Mr. Livingston, as to a
deviation from a due-north line, was only hypothet-
ical—was very limited in its effects, in any event—
and originated in this way- As long ago as 1827 or
1828, when considering the convention to refer this
controversy to the arbitrament of the King of Hol-
land, some gentleman in the Senate had suggested
that, after a clue-north line from the source of the
St. Croix crossed the St. John, and approached the
highlands whence streams flow into the St. Law-
rence one way, and the Atlantic ocean the other,
it would first'stiike some streams running into the
Bay of Chaleurs, or the Gulf of St. Lawrence.
They thence argued that it might be necessary, in
that event, to deviate a little to the west, and go
round the sources of those streams till those high-
lands were reached from which waters flowed into
the St. Lawrence to the north, and intothe Atlantic
ocean to the east and southeast. ■ The treaty of
1783 also called for natural monuments at that
point, by calling for highlands of that character,
as well as mentioned a descriptive corner in
the northwest angle of Nova Scotia. Mr. Liv-
ingston supposed that, in fact, both would be found
to agree or coincide at a due north point, as he says
in his letter; but if they should not, he adds—as a
lawyer would, and must, on sound legal princi-
ples—that the natural monuments must govern,
rather than the descriptive corner.
All he proposed, then, was what the law of the
case required—which is, that if the monument
and the angle were not found to coincide, a devia-
tion might be made to the west far enough to strike
the natural monument. But eveiy one "can see by
this map ofthe commissioners that the deviation, if
made at all, instead of coming down near the Brit-
ish line at Mars Hill, or even to the St. John, would
be only a few miles west from a line due north from
the St. Croix—being a gore, wider at one end, and
a point at the other—leaving nine-tenths of the whole
claim, if not all, with Maine, as before.
What is very conclusive evidence that the Brit-
ish, as well as Mr Livingston, knew that this de-
viation must be small, if any, the proposition was
refused by their ambassador.
So far from there being tiny nrptence, then, that
the deviation could in fact come i-outh of the St.
John, it is stated in Sir Charles Vaughan's letter
expressly ;hat it cotil-1 no;, in any event, probably
go south of the St. John, nor even much beyond
the St. Francis; aid he adds that
of tlit1 Eivish G iverin-ient 'o the proposition of
Mr Li'/in^ror, wout,I concede lo tt-e Gnvpinmpni of the United
^totes reai tv ait tin y iia i liU:,.--o ctaimfi!."—itfesbage lo Sen-
ale.Vjh Covg .Is/sps.i Ficr. 414 /'. !7
Let us, then, hear no more of this as an aban-
donment of the American claim, eithei in the view
of the American cabinet, or of their lynx-eyed Brit-
ish opponent^.
In respect to Lord Palmerston's recent letter,
imputing to ihe past administration, or to Mr. For-
syth, before 1810, any official knowledge that the
