Dec, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
27th Cong...".3d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & H. of Reps.
for offering his goods for sale. A profitable por-
tion of the carrying trade in articles entered for
the benefit of drawback, must also be most seriously
affected, without the adoption of some expedient to
relievp the cash, system. The warehousing sys-
tem would afford that relief, since the carrier
would have a safe recourse to the public store-
houses, and might, withoui advancing the duty, re-
ship within some reasonable period to foreign ports.
A further effect of the measure would be to super-
sede the system of drawbacks, thereby effectually
protecting- the Government against fraud, as the
right of debenture would not attach to goods after
their withdrawal from the public stores.
In revising the existing tariff of duties, should
you deem it proper to do so at your present session,
I can only repeat the suggestions and recommenda-
tions which, upon several occasions, I have here-
tofore felt ir to be my duty to offer to Congress.
The great primary and controlling interest of the
American people is union; union, not only in the
mere forms of government—forms which may be
broken—but union founded m an attachment of
States and individuals for each other. This union
in sentiment and feeling can only be preserved by
the adoption of that course of policy which, nei-
ther giving exclusive benefits to some, nor impos-
ing unnecessary burdens upon others, shall consult
the interests of all, by pursuing a course of moder-
ation, and thereby seeking to harmonize public
opinion, and causing the people everywhere to feel
and to know that the Government is careful of the
interests of all alike. .Nor is there any subject in
regard to which moderalion, connected with a
wise discrimination, is more necessarv than in the
imposition of duties on imports. Whether refer-
ence be had to revenue—the primary object in
the imposition of taxes—or to the incidents which
necessarily flow from their imposition, this is en-
tirely true. Extravagant duties defea; their end
and object, not only by exciting in the public mind
an hostility to the manufacturing interests, but by
inducing a system of smuggling on an extensive
scale, and the practice of every manner of fraud
upon the revenue, which the utmost vigilance of
Government cannot effectually suppress^ An opt
posite course of policy would be attended by re-
sults essentially different, of which every interes-
of society—and none more than those of the manu-
facturer— would reap important advantages.
Among the most striking ot its benefits would
be that derived from the general acquiescence of
the country in its support, and the consequent
permanency and stability which would be given
to all the operations of industry. It cannot be too
often repeated, that no system of legislation can
be wise, which is fluctuating and uncertain. No
interest can thrive under it. The prudent capi-
talist will never adventure his capital m manu-
facturing establishments, or m any other leading
pursuit of life, if there exists a state of uncer-
tainly as to whether the Government will repeal
to-morrow what it has enacted to-day. Fuful
profits, however high, if threatened with a ruinous
reduction by a vacillating policy on the part of
Government, will scarcely tempt him to trust the
money which he has acquired by a life of labor
upon the uncertain adventure. I, theiefore, m the
spirit of conciliation, and influenced by no other
desire than to rescue the great interests of the
country from the vortex of political contention,
and in the discharge of the high i.id so'eipn du-
ties of the place which I row occupy, recom-
mend modera'e duties, iinpospd with a w.se dis.
erimmation as to their seveial objects, as being
not only most likely to be durable, but most advan-
tageous" to every interest of society.
The report of the Secietary ot the War Depart-
ment exhibits a very full and satisfactory account
of the various and important interests committed
to the charge of that officer. If is particulai !y
gratifying to find that the expenditures for the mili-
tary service are greatly reduced in amount; that a
strict systf?m of economy has been introduced into
the service, and the abuses of past years greatly
reformed. The fortifications on our maritime
frontier have been prosecuted with much vigor,
and at many points onr defences are in a very con-
siderable state of forwardness. 1 he suggestions
in reference to the establishment of means of com-
munication with our territories on the Pacific, and
to the survey so essential lo a knowledge of the
resources of the intermediate country, arc entitled
to the most favorable consideration. While 1
would propose nothing inconsistent with friendly
negotiations to settle the extent of our claims in
that region, jet a prudent forecast points out the
necessity of such measures as may enable us to
maintain our rights. The arrangements made for
preserving oar neutral relation's on the boundary
between us and Texas, and keeping in check the
Indians in thai quarter, will be maintained so long
as circumstances may require.
For several years angry contentions have grown
out of the disposition directed by law to be made of
the mineral lands held by the Government in seve-
ral of the States The Government is constituted
the landlord, and the citizens of Ihe States wherein
lie the lands are its tenants. The relation is an
unwise one; and it would be much more conducive
to the public interest that a sale of the lands should
be made, than that they should remain in their
present condition. The supply of ihe ore would
be more abundan'lv and certainly furnished when
to be drawn from the enterprise and the industry
of the proprietor, than under the present system.
The recommendations of the Secretary in regard
to the improvements of the Western waters,"and
certain prominent harbors on the lakes, merit, and
I doubt not will receive, your serious attention.
The great importance of these subjects to the pros-
perity of the extensive region referred to, and the
security of the whole country in time of war, can-
not escape observation. The losses of life and
property which annually occur in the navigation of
.the Mississippi alone, because of the dangerous
obstructions in the river, make a loud demand
upon Congress for the adoption of efficient meas-
ures for their removal.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy will
bring you acquainted with that impoitant branch
of ihe public defences Consideting the already
vast and daily increasing commerce of the coun-
try, apart from the exposure to hostile inroad of
an extended seaboard, all that relates to the navy is
calculated to excite particular attention. What-
ever tends to add to its efficiency, without entail-
ing unnecessary charges upon the"treasury, is well
worthy of your serious consideration. It will be
seen, that while an appropriation exceeding by more
than a million the appropiiations of the pre-ent
year, is asked by the Secretary, yet that, in this
sum, is proposed ta be included ^100,000 for the
purchase of clothing, which, when once expend-
ed, will be annually reimbursed by the sale of the
clothes, and will thus constitute a perpetual fund,
without any new appropriation to the same object.
To this may al?o be added $50,000 asked lo cover
the arrearages of past years, and £-"250,000 in order
to maintain a competent squadron on the coast of
Africa; all of which, when deducted, will reduce
the expenditures nearly within Ihe limits of those
of the current year. While, however, the expen-
ditures will thus remain very nearly the same as
of the antecedent year, it is pioposedto add greatly
to the operations of the marine, and, m lieu of
only twenty-five ships in commission, and but little
in ihe way of building, to keep, with the same ex-
penditure, forty-one vessels afloat, and lo build
twelve ships of a small class.
A strict system of accountability is established,
and great pains are taken to insure industry,
fidelity, and economy in every department of duty!
Experiments have been instituted to test the qual-
ity of various material*, (particularly copper, iron,
and coil,) so as to prevent fraud and imposition.
It will appear by the report of the Postmaster
General, that the great point which, for several
years, has been so much desired, has, during the
current year, been fully accomplished. The ex-
penditures o! the department for the current year
have been brought within its income, without les-
sening its ge.ieral usefulness. There has been an
increase ot revenue equal to $166,000 for the year
184-2 over that of 1841, without, as it is believed,
any addition having been made to ihe number of
letters and newspapers transmitted through the
mails. The Post Office laws have been honestly
administered, and fidelity has bera observed m ac-
counting for, and paying over by the subordinates
of the department, the moneys which have been
received. For the detai's of the service, I refer
you to the report.
I flatter myself that the exhibition thus made of
the condition of the public administration will serve
to convince you that every proper attend' n has been
paid to the interests of the country bv those who
hav'been called tothe beads ot thedifFeieot depatt-
ments. The teduction in the annual expenditure:,
of the Government already accomplished, furnishes
a sure evidence that economy in the application of
the public moneys is regarded as a paramount
duty.
At peace with all the world—the personal lib-
erty of the citizen saciedly maintained, and his
rights secured tinder political institutions deriving
all their authority from the direct sanction cf the
people—with a soil fertile almo?t beyond example,
and a country blessed with every diversity of cli-
mate and production, what remains to be done in
order to advance the happiness and prosperity of
such a peopled Under ordinary circumstances, this
inquiry could readily be answered. The best that
probably could be done for a people inhabiting such
a country, would be to fortify their peace and se-
curity in the piosecntion of their various pursuits,
by guarding them against invasion from without,
and violence from within. The test, for the greater
part, might be left to their own energy and enter-
prise. The chief embarrassments which, at the
moment, exhibit themselves, have arisen from over-
action; and the most difficult task which remains
to be accomplished is that of correcting and over-
coming its effects. Between the years 1833 and
1838, additions were made to bank capital and
bank issues, m the form of notes designed for cir-
culation, to an extent enormously great. The ques-
tion seemed to he, not how the best currency
could be provided, but in what manner the great-
est amount ol bank paper could be put in calcula-
tion. Thus, a vast amount of what was called
money—since, for the time being, it answered the
purposes of money—was thrown upon the country;
an over-issue which was attended, as a necessary-
consequence, by an extravagant increase of the
prices of all articles of property, the spread of a
specu ative mania all over the country, and has
finally ended m a general indebtedness on the
part of States and individuals, the prostration of
public and private credit, a depreciation in the
market value of real and personal estate, and
has lefr large districts of country almost en-
tirely without any circulating medium. In view
of the fact thai, in 1830, the whole bank-note
circulation within the United Slates amounted
to but $'61,323,898, according to the Treasury
statements, and that an addition had been made
thereto of the enormous sum of I'SS,000,000
in seven yeais, (the circulation on the 1st January,
1837, being staled at ©149,185,890,) aided by the
great facilities afforded m obtaining loans from
European capitalists, who were seized with the
same speculative mania which prevailed in the
United States—and the large importations of funds
fiom abroad, the result of stock sales and loans—
no one can be surprised at the apparent, but unsub-
stantial, state of prosperity which everywhere pre-
vailed over the lam'; and while little cause of sur-
prise should be felt at the present prostration of ev-
erytbing, and the ruin which has befallen so many
of oui ieltow-fitizens m the sudden withdrawal
from circulation of so large an amount of bankis-
sucs since 1837—exceeding, as is believed, the
amount added to the paper currency for a similar
period antecedent lo 1837—it ceases to be a matter
of astonishment that such extensive shipwreck
should have been made of private fortunes, or that
difficulties should exist in meeting their engage-
ments on the part of the debtor States. Apart from
which, if there betaken into account the immense
losses sustained m the dishonor of numerous banks,
it is 'ess a matter of surprise that insolvency should
have visited manv of our fellow-citizens, than thai
so manv should have escaped Ihe blighting influ-
ences of the times.
In the solemn conviciion of these truths, and
with an ardent desire to meet the pressing necessi-
ties of the country, I felt it to be my duty to cau?e
to be submitted to yon, at the commencement of
your late session, the plan of ati Exchequer; the
whole power rnd duty of maintaining which, m
purity and vigor, was to be exercised by the Repre-
sentatives of the people and of the States, and, theie-
fore, virtually by the peop'e themselves. It was
proposed to place it under the control and direc-
tion of a tieasury board, to consist of three com-
missioner whose duty it should be to see that the
law of its creaiion was faithfully executed; and
that the great end of supplying a paper medium of
exchange, at all times convertib'e into gold and
silver, should be attained. The board, thus consti-
tuted, was given as much permanency as could be
impaited to it, without endangering the proper
share of responsibility which should attach to all
public agents. In order to insure all the advan-
