APPENDIX 'PO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dee. 1848.
27th CovG'-"3d Sess,
Message of the President.
Senate & H. of lieps.
"tages of a .well-matured experience, the commis-
sioners were to hold their offices for the respective
periods of two, four, and six years; thereby secu-
ring, at all jimes, in the management of the Ex-
chequer, the services of two men of experience;
and to place them in a condition to exercise perfect
independence of mind and action, it was provided
that their removal should only take place for ac-
tual incapacity or infidelity to the trust, and to be
followed by the President with an exposition of
the.causes of such removal, should it occur. It
was proposed to establish subordinate boards in each
of tbe States, under the same restrictions and limit-
ations ol the power of removal, which, with the cen-
tral board, should receive, safely keep, and disburse
the public moneys; and in order to furnish a sound
paper medium of exchange, the Exchequer should
retain of the revenues ot the Government a sum not
to exceed ©5,000,000 in specie, to be set apart as re-
quired by its operations, and to pay the public
creditor, at his own option, cither in specie, or treas-
ury notes of denominations not less than five, nor
exceeding one hundred dollars; which notes should
be ledeemed at the several places of issue, and to
'be receivable at all times and everywhere in pay-
ment of Government dues; with a restraint upon
such issue of bills, that the same should not ex-
ceed the maximum of $15,000,000. In order to
guard against all the hazards incident to fluctua-
tions in trade, the Secretary of the Treasury was
invested with authority to issue $5,000,000 of
Government stock, should the same at any time be
regarded as necessary, in order' to place beyond
hazard the prompt redemption of the bills which
might be thrown into circulation: thus, in fact,
malting the issue of $15,000,000 of exchequer bills
rest substantially on $10,000,000; ami keeping in
circulation never more than one and one half dol-
lar for every dollar m specie. When to this it is
added that the bills are not only everywhere re-
ceivable in Government dues, but that the Gov-
ernment itself would be bound for their ultimate
redemption, no rational doubt can exist that the
paper which the Exchequer would furnish would
readily enter into general circulation, and be main-
tained at all times at or above par with gold and
silver; thereby realizing the git at want of ihe
age, and fulfilling ihe wishes of the people. In
order to reimburse the Government the evpenses
of the plaiv it was proposed (o inve-t the Ex-
chequer with the limited authority to deal in bills
of exchange, (unless prohibited by the State m
which ail agency might be situated,) having only
thirty days to tun, and lcsting oil a tmr and bona
Hdf. basis. The legislative will on this point might
be so plainly announced, ns to avoid all pre text (or
paitiality or favoritism. It wiw luilhcimore pro-
posed to invest this Trensuiy agent with authority to
receive oil deposite, to a limited amount, the specie
funds of individual, and to grant certificates there-
for, to be redeemed on presentation, under the idea
(which is believed to be well founded) that such
certificates would come in aid ot the exchequer
bills in supplying a safe and ample paper circula-
tion. Or, if m place of ihe contemplated dealings
, in exchange, the Exchequer should l,c authon/ed
not only to exchange Us bills lor actual depositee of
specie, but for specie or its equivalents to sell drafts
charging therefor a small hut reasonable piemuun'
I cannot doubt but that the benefits of the law would
be speed it V' manifested m the revival of tiie ciedit
trade, and business ol ihe whole country Enter-
taining this opinion, it becomes my duty to mgo
its adoption upon Congiess, by reference to tiie
strongest considerations of the public interest-, with
such alterations in its details a* C
ongress may in
its wisdom see fi> to make.
I am well aware that this proposed alteration and
amendment of ihe laws establishing the 'J'rea.-'ui y
Department has encountered various objections-
and that, among others, it has been proclaimed a
Government bank of tearful and dangeious im-
port. Tt is proposed to confer upon it no extraor-
dinary powers. It pmpoils to do no more than pay
the debts of tbe Government wuh the ledeemable
paper of the Government; in which respect itac
comnlishes precisely what the Treaty docs'daily
at this time—in issuing to the puhhc creditors the
treasury notes, winch, under law. it is authorized to
issue. Ii has no resemblauce loan ordinary bank
as it furnishes no profits to private stocklV-W-''
and lends no capital to individuals. If' it'be'ob-
jected to as a Government bank, and the objection
be available, then should all the laws ill relation
to the Treasury be repealed, and the capacity of
the Government to collect what is due to it, or pay
what it owes, be abrogated.
This is the chief purpose of the proposed Ex-
chequer; and surely, if, in the accomplishment of a
purpose .so essential, it affords a sound circulating
medium to the country and facilities to trade, it
should be regarded as no slight recommendation
of it to public consideration. Properly guarded by
the provisions of law, it can run into no dangerous
evil; nor ean.any abuse arise under it, but such as
the Legislature itself will be answerable for, if it be
tolerated; since it is but the creature of the law, and
is susceptible at all times of modification, amend-
ment, or repeal, at the pleasure of Congress. I
know that it has been objected that the system
would be liable to be abused by the Legislature
—by whom alone it coird be abused—in the par-
ty conflicts of the day; that such abuse would
manifest itself m a change of the law, which
would authorize an excessive issue of paper for
the purpose of inflating prices and winning pop-
ular favor. To that it mav be answered,
that the ascription of such a motive to Congress is
altogether gratuitous and inadmissible. The the-
ory of our institutions would lead us to a different
conclusion. But a perfect security against a pro-
ceeding so reckless, would be found to exist in the
very nature of things. The political party which
should be so blind to the true interests of the coun-
try as to resort to such an expedient, would inevita-
bly meet with a final overthrow, in the fact that,
the moment the paper ceased to be convertible into
specie, or otherwise promptly redeemed, it would
become worthless, and would, in the end, dishonor
the Government, involve the people in ruin, and
such political party in hopeless disgrace. At the
same time, such a view involves the utter impossi-
bility of furnishing any currency other than that of
the precious metals; for, if the Government itself
cannot forego the temptation of excessive paper is-
sues, what reliance can be placed in corporations,
upon whom the temptations of individual ag-
grandizement would most strongly operate1? The
people would have to blame none but themselves
tor any injury that might arise from a course so
reckless, since their agents would be the wrongdo-
ers , and they the passive spectators.
There can be but three kindb of public currency:
1st. Gold and silver; 2d. The paper of State insti-
tutions; or, 3d. A representative of the precious
metals, provided by the General Government, or
under its authority. The sub-treasury system re-
jected the last, m any form; and, as it was believed
that no reliance could be placed on the issues of lo-
cal institutions, for the purposes of general circu-
lation, it necessarily and unavoidably adopted spe-
cie as the exclusive currency foi its own use. And
this lnnst ever be the case, unless one of the other
kinds be used. The choice, in the present state of
public sentiment, lies between an exclusive specie
currency on the one hand, and Government issues
of some kind on the other. That these issues can-
not be made by a chartered institution, is supposed
to be conclusively settled. They must be made,
then, directly by Government agents, . For several
yea is past, they have been thus made in the form of
treasury notes, and have answered a valuable pur-
pose. Their usefulness has been limited by their
being transient and temporary; their ceasing to
bear interest at given periods, necessarily causes
their -peedy return, and thus restucls their range
of circulation; and being used only in the disburse-
ments of Government, they cannot r< aeh those
points where thev are most required. By render-
ing their use permanent, to the moderate extent
already mentioned, by offering no inducement for
their return, and by exchanging them for coin and
other values, they will constitute, to a certain ex-
tent, the general currency so much needed to main-
tain the internal trade of the country. And this is
the Exchequer plan, so far as it may opetale in
furnishing a currency.
I cannot forego the occasion to urge its impor-
tance to the credit of the Government in a financial
point of view. The great necessity of resorting to
every proper and becoming expedient, in ordei to
place the treasury on a footing of the highest re-
spectability, is entirely obvious. The credit of the
Government may be regarded as the very soul of
the Government itself—a principle of vitality, with-
out which all its movements are languid atid
all its operations embarrassed. In tins soirit
the Executive felt itself bound, by the most'im-
perative sense of duty, to submit to Congress at
its last session, the propriety of making a specific
pledge of the land fund, as the basis for the nego-
tiation of the loans authorized to be contracted. I
then thought that such'an application of the public
domain would, without doubt, have placed at the
command of the Government ample funds to re-
lieve the treasury from the temporary embarrass-
ments under, which it labored. American credit had
suffered a considerable shock in Europe, from the
large indebtedness ofthe States, and the temporary
inability of some of them to meet the interest on
their debts. The utter and disastrous prostration of
the United States Bank of Pennsylvania had contrib-
uted largely to increase the sentiment of distrust,
by reason of the loss and ruin sustained by the
holders of its stock—a large portion of whom were
foreigners, and many of whom were alike ig-
norant of our political organization, and of our
actual responsibilities. It was the anxious de-
sire of the Executive that, m the effort to nego-
tiate the loan abroad, the American negotiator
might be able to point tbe money-lender to the
fund mortgaged for the redemption of the prin-
cipal and interest of any loan he might con-
tract, and thereby vindicate the Government from
all suspicion of bad faith, or inability to meet its
engagements. Congress differed from the Execu-
tive in this view of the subject It became, never-
theless, the duty of the Executive to resort to every
expedient in its. power to negotiate the authorized
loan. After a failure to do so in the American
market, a citizen of high character and talent was
sent to Europe—with no, better success; and thus
the mortifying spectacle has been presented, of the
inability of this Government to obtain a loan so
small as not in the whole to amount to more than
one-fourih of Jts ordinary annual income; at a
time when tb« Governments of Europe, although
involved in debt, and with their subjects heavily
burdened with taxation, readily obtain loans of any
amount at a greatly reduced rate of interest. It
would be unprofitable to look further into this
anomalous state of things; but I cannot conclude
without adding, that, for a Government which has
paid off its debts of two wars with the largest
maritime power of Europe, and now owing a debt
which is almost next to nothing, when compared
with its boundless resources—a Government the
strongest in the world, because emanating from
the popular will, and firmly rooted m theaffections
of a great and free people—and whose fidelity to its
engagements hasneverbeen questioned;—for such a
Government to have tendered to the cap.talists of
other countries an opportunity for a small invest-
ment of its stock, and yet to have failed, implies
either the most unfounded distrust in its goodfaith,
or a purpose, to obtain which the course pursued
is the most fatal which could have been adopted.
It has now become obvious to all men that the
Government must look to its own means for supply-
ing its wants; and it is consoling to know that these
means are altogether adequate for the object. The
Exchequer, if adopted, will greatly aid m bringing
about this result. Upon what I regard as a well-
founded supposition, that its bills would be readily
sought for bv the public creditors, and that the issue
would, m a short time, reach the maximum of
©15,000,000, it is obvious that $10,000,000 would
thereby be added to ihe available means of the treas-
ury, without cost or charge. Nor can I fail to urge
the great and beneficial effects which would be
produced in aid of all the active pursuits of life.
Its effects upon the solvent State banks, while it
would force into liquidation those of an opposite
character, through its weekly settlements, would
be highly beneficial; and, with the advantages of a
sound currency, the restoration of confidence and
credit would follow, with a numerous train of bless-
ings. My convictions are most strong that these
benefi's would flow from the adoption of this meas-
ure; but, if the result should be adverse, there is
this security in connexion with it—that the law
creating it may be repealed at the pleasure of the
Legislature, without the slightest implication of its
good faith.
I recommend to Congress to take into consider-
ation the propriety of reimbursing a line imposed
on General JacksoD, at x\Tew Orleans, at the time
(d the attack and defence of that city, and paid
by him. Without designing any reflection on the
judicial tribunal which imposed the fine, the re-
mission at this day may be legarded as not unjust
or inexpedient. The voice of the civil-authority
as heard amidst the glitter of arms, and obeyed
by those who held the sword—thereby giving addi-
tional lustre to a memorable military'achievement,
