APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Des. 1842.
27th CoKa****3o Sess.
Beport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & H. of Reps.
officers; seventeen storekeepers, of whom fifteen are
attached to the Ordnance and two to the Purchasing
Department; two hundred and fifty enlisted men for
the ordnance service, and seven thousand five hun-
dred and ninety non-commissioned officers, musi-
cians, artificers, and privates; twenty chaplains and
schoolmasters, and as many ordnance sergeants as
there are military posts. Clerks, foragemasters, and
wagonmasters, are also employed in the Quarter-
master's Department, from time to time, according
to the exigencies of the service. The act of August
23, 1842, reduced the rank and file of the army three
thousand nine hundred and twenty men. The re-
duction is gradually proceeding, in the manner con-
templated by the act; and the excess, according to
the last returns, is 1,970 men. It is supposed the
prescribed minimum will be reached by the begin-
ning of the year 1844.
From the general returns of the army, accompany-
ing this report, it appears that the whole number of
troops now in service is nine thousand eight hundred
arid forty-seven, consisting of seven hundred and
«ighly-one commissioned officers; nine thousand six
hundred non-commissioned officers, musicians, artifi-
cers, and privates; and two hundred and forty-seven
enlisted men of ordnance. The aggregate is eight
hundred and forty-seven less than the number stated
in the last annual report.
The desertions have notf been numerous, but an
unprecedented number of men have been discharged
by the judges and courts (three hundred and eighty-
eight between July 1, 1841, and October 31,1842,)
principally on the ground of their being aliens. The
aitate of the law on this subject has occasioned vari-
ous constructions perplexing to the officers chargcd
■with the duty of recruiting, embarrassing to the de-
partment, and injurious to the Government. It is
■very desirable that it should be rendered precise and
definite. While, on the one hand, it is obvious our
army ought notto consist of an undue proportion of
foreigners; yet, on the other, the low wages offered
constitute an inducement quite insufficient to the
young men of our land, whose habits and enterprise
enable them so easily to acquiie the means of sub-
sistence and of independence, if not wealth, in the
cultivation of the soil. Probably a middle course
would avoid all difficulties—namely, allowing those
to be ) ecruited who are citizens, or who have taken
the preliminary oath and initiatory steps to natural-
ization.
The report of the officer in charge of the Ordnance
Bureau exhibits the very satisfactory condition of
that most important branch of the service. By a
steady perseverance in the system of laying up, in
the season of peace, those materials which require
length of time to adapt them to use, and ol fabrica-
ting those articles which cannot be supplied on an
emergency, we shall soon have at our command
cannon, small arms, fixed ammunition, gunpowder
and its component parte, to an extent commensutate
with our wants.
By the table exhibiting the apportionment of
arms to the severat States, under the act of 1808,
for ^ arming and equipping the whole body of the
militia, it will be seen that, notwithstanding the
efforts made by the department, and which are
mentioned in the last annual report, several States
are delinquent in the returns of their militia. As
these returns constitute the basis of the apportion-
ment, the States which fail to make them are de-
prived of their just proportion of military supplies.
It will be seen that New Jersey, Delaware, Arkansas,
and Louisiana, have not made returns for periods
varying from twelve to eighteen years. If the cause
of these omissions be the want of militia organiza-
tion in those States, it may be worthy of serious
inquiry whether some measure should not be adopt-
ed to remedy the evil, by withholding distribution
Until returns are made, or by the exercise of some
other power vested in Congress. A reference to the
same table will show an extraordinary disproportion
between the arms allotted to several States and their
respective populations. Whether this arises from
variant constructions of the law in those States, (by
which some return the number enrolled, and others
the number mustered or inspected,) or from some
Cther cause, would seem to be worthy of an inquiry
by Congress, who alone can supply an adequate
remedy.
The state of the treasury, as this department was
advised by the proper authority, rendered it necessary
to withhold the expenditure of as much of the ap-
propriations made at the last session of Congress,
as could be suspended without great and manifest
injury to the public service. In reference to the
condition of our foreign relations, and the quanti-
ties of arms, cannon, and gun-carriages, in our pos-
session, it seemed that such suspension could take
place in the operations of the armories and arsenals
with less immediate public in jury or inconvenience
than in other departments. Extensive repairs also
became necessary at the armories. For a time,
therefore, no work was carried on at either of them
during the past season. Labor has now, however,
been resumed on a moderate scale, and instructions
have been given to complete the muskets in the
course of fabrication, and to make five hundred
rifles, and five hundred percussion muskets, each
month, for the ensuing six months. The arsenals
will be chiefly employed in the repairs of arms, and
in the manufacture of the iron work of gun-carriages
and military equipments. Our supply ofheavy can-
non being very good, it is not contemplated at
present to purchase many of that description; but a
sufficient number of large-chambered guns, to aim
our forts, will be procured. And in consequence of
the adoption of the suggestion of the Treasury De-
partment, beforementioned, a large portion of the
money intended for the service of the year 1842 re-
mains unexpended; and any specific appropriations
for the Ordnance Department, for the first six
months of 1843, will be unnecessary.
The estimates for the fiscal year commencing
July 1, 1843, are made upon a scale so reduced as
to be warranted only by the possible state of the
treasury. The usual appropriations for the ordinary
objects of expenditure in this branch of service are
as desirable now as at former periods; and it is
believed that a mistaken economy only would dictate
the continuance of such reduced amounts, when the
condition of the public finances will admit of what is
demanded by our true interests.
I cannot omit to refer to the recommendation con-
tained in the last annual report, for a national found-,
ry on a limited scale, at which the qualities of iron
may be tested and ascertained, and models for ord-
nance may be fabricated. It is apprehended that
the great importance of such a laboratory to the
country at large, as well as to the Government, has
not been sufficiently considered.
It will be seen that some legislative provision has
become quite necessary in reference to the lead-
mines and the mineral lands. Under the existing
laws, no alternative was left to the Executive, but
to proceed and lease the mineral lands reserved from
sale. The difficulties of this course are detailed in
the report of the Ordnance Bureau. The principal,
if not the only cause of them, would seem to be
the claims to those lands (in most cases utterly un-
founded) by persons who have entered them for
purchase at the land office when they were not
liable to entry, or by persons who have occupied
them without any right or pretence of right. It is
unfortunate that these persons constitute a power-
ful, though not a numerous class, who are able to
exact from the miners, who bring out the ore, a large
portion of their produce, while they refuse to pay
any rent to the United States. Thus the poor, in-
dustrious, and very numerous body of miners are
oppressed, while the country is deprived of the use
of its own property, and of any equivalent for such
use by others. The difficulty incident to the leasing
lands of any description, and collecting rents, by a
Government, is so great, and is attended with so
much expense and hazard of loss, that no essential
benefit can be anticipated from the practice.
The tenure of land by short leases is so foreign to
the genius of our institutions and the habits of our
people, that it necessarily becomes somewhat odious,
and increases the difficulty. To enable the Govern-
ment to obtain some value for these lands and mines,
and, nt the same time, to afford to the humble and'
comparatively indigent laborers an opportunity to
acquire lots for_ sums within their means of payment,
and in quantities adapted to their means of working
them, it is recommended that the reserved mineral
lands in the north part of Illinois and in the Terri-
tories of Wisconsin and Iowa be allowed to be sold
in lots of ten acres each, at a minimum price of ten
dollars per acre. It is represented that they are
worth from twenty to fifty dollars per acre, depend-
ing on their situation. Prior to such sales, the
claims to any of the mineral lands should be deter-
mined by a board instituted for that purpose, and
the claimants allowed to enter and purchase the lands
at the same minimum price, in an order of priority
to be settled in the law or by the board. The inter-
est of the United States in these lands and mines is
of very great value, and is endangered by delay in
the proper measures to secure it. At the same
time, the prosperity, and, indeed, the peace and quiet
of the large number of citizens occupying the lands
or working the mines, demand that their rights
should be settled, and their conflicting titles and
claims adjusted. What may now be accomplished
without difficulty, may hereafter, when the parties
interested become more numerous and more tena-
cious, be found impracticable. The subject is there-
fore commended to the earnest attention of Congress,
who can alone provide the necessary means foi ren-
dering justice to the Government, to the claimants,
and to the miners.
These suggestions arc not intended to apply to
the mineral lands in the south part of Illinois. The
character and nature of the mines in that quarter
are not yet sufficiently ascertained to enable us to
affix a price to them, nor is there as yet any conflict
between claimants and occupants to require the in-
terposition of the Government. A strong belief is
entertained by the lessees that these mines contain
large proportions of silver. Should such expecta-
tions be realized, a different policy from that adopted
in respect to the lead-mines may be expedient.
In the report of the Quartermaster General, the
operations in that branch of public service during"
the year will be seen. The additional duties caused
by the act of the last session, transferring to that de-
partment the business of the Commissary of Pur-
chases, have been undertaken, and so far successfully
performed. The termination of hostilities in Florida
relieved a large number of assistant quartermasters
from duty there, and placed them at the disposal of
this department, many of whom have been returned
to their companies, still retaining their appointments
in the stall". The provisions of the ninth section of
the act of July 5, 1838, render it questionable
whether they can be deprived of those appointments
without actual removal from office by the President.
The same remark applies, although not with equal
force, to the assistant adjutants general, provided for
by the seventh section of the same act. It must
happen that the number of these officers appointed
in one state of circumstances, will not be required in
another; and it is therefore highly expedient that the
President should be authorized to dispense with their
staff services, and vacate their staff appointments,
whenever the public exigency no longer demands
them.
The best and the most agreeable evidence that
could be furnished of the economy which has pre-
vailed in the disbursements, will be found in the
circumstance that so much of the appropriations
made at the last session remain on hand ; that
5131,000 only will be required for the first half of
the ensuing year; and the estimates for the fiscal
year, commencing on the 1st of July, 1843, are
much below those that have been presented and
sanctioned by Congress for several years.
The measures adopted for putting in order Fort
Jesup, in Louisiana, and Fort Atkinson; for estab-
lishing the new posts on the Marmiton river, and on.
or near the False V/ashita, and the operations at
Detroit, Plattsburg, Fort Sullivan, Fort Adams, and
at various other posts, are detailed in the accom-
panying report of the Quartermaster General.
I concur in his recommendation of appropriations
for new barracks at Fort Gibson, and consider the
reasons urged by him so strong as to require nothing
more than a reference to them.
I deeply regret the necessity for again invoking
the attention of Congress to the dishonored pledge
given by the Quartermaster General, in the name
and by the authority of this nation, to the Creek In-
