Bee. 1842.
27th Cokg«-"3d
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Report of the Secretary of War.
'sr
Senate & H. of Reps.
•fearful responsibilities we have incurred to improve
his intellectual and moral condition, as the only means
of rendering him happy here or hereafter.
•From the returns we have been able to obtain, it
appears that 88,124 have been removed to the regions
west of the Mississippi; and that of the once numer-
ous tribes east of that river, less than 25,000 souls
remain. The greater portion of these are under
treaty obligations to remove within a very few years.
This policy of collecting the Indians has proceeded
on the idea of relieving them from their dependent
and degrading condition when mixed with a white
population, and of isolating them from the vices of a
semi-civilization. Scarcely capable of self-govem-
■ ment, they are quite incompetent to protect them-
selves from the frauds and from the violence of the
white man. The present system of superintendents
and agents is inadequate, and the time seems to have
arrived when wo should turn our attention to devis-
ing some form of government which may secure
peace and order among themselves, and protection
against others; Until they feel safe in their persons
and possessions, they can make no advances toward
civilization. Although the criminal jurisdiction of
the adjacent courts of the United States is extended
over them, yet all experience has shown that it is
merely nominal. The most atrocious offenders are
seldom pursued, and more rarely brought to justice.
Civil obligations it is wholly v3in to attempt to en-
force. There is no cause for surprise that, in this
■ state of things, the law of force and of retaliation is
the only one recognised. The plan of something
like a territorial government for the Indians has
been suggested; the object is worthy the most
deliberate consideration of all who take an interest
in the fate of this hapless race.
The vice to which they are most ncliined, and
which is the most deadly to their prosperity, is an
indulgence in intoxicating liquors. All the powers
given to this department by existing laws have been
exerted to restrain this propensity, and to prevent
the introduction of alcohol into the Indian country.
Circulars to agents and superintendents, and in-
structions to military commanders, have been reiter-
ated with but partial eflect. The cupidity of the
white man, boasting of his superior oh ilization,
stimulates his craft in devising the means of eva-
ding the laws, and still further brutalizing his ignor-
ant, weak, and yielding red brother. Depositories
of ardent spirits are established on the confines of
the Indian territory, within the jurisdiction of the
States, where the laws of the Union cannot apply,
and where there arc none ol the State adapted to
the case, or, if they exist, are never executed. Some
remedy may be provided, by substituting imprison-
ment for the present pecuniary penalty prescribed
for selling or introducing liquor, or establishing dis-
tilleries, in the Indian country, (which is wholly in-
effectual against a class of persons who have no
visible property,) and by giving jurisdiction over the
offence to some local or other authority to which
convenient access can be had.
Among some of the moic civilized tribes, particu-
larly the Choctaws and Cherokees, it is understood
that the doctrines and the practice of temperance
have made much progress, and that they have passed
some wise laws to restrain their own people. The
fact thus established, that the Indian can be made
tempesate, is calculated to cheer us in efforts to save
him.
An exhibit of the condition oi the civilization
fund, and of its application, accompanies the report
of the Commissioner. This small fund has accom-
plished much. It scatters its good seed very exten-
sively, and a great portion of it falls on good soil.
Its fruits are to be teen iu the gradual but decided
improvement of many .of the Indian tribes. This
fund is applied so as to co-operatc, as far as practi-
cable, with the schools established and maintained
-by means of the moneys provided, by treaties with
various tribes, for purposes of education. From
table-84, appended to the Commissioner's report, it
-appears that the whole amount thus provided at the
present time is $67,155. It will also be seen from
table 83, that there are fifty-two schools maintained
for Indian youth, at which there are 2,133 scholars ;
of whom 1,068 are boys, and 852 girls, and 222
whose sex is not stated, were instructed during the
past year; and that, from seven schools-, there are no
returns. Wherever the means of comparison exist,
it is gratifying to find -that the aggregate number of
pupils is on the increase. Convinced that the only
means of diffusing elementary knowledge among the
children of these people is to interest their parents
in the undertaking, by enabling them to take a part
in the establishment of schools and in their super-
vision, our efforts have been directed to the encour-
agement of such seminaries in the respective nations.
A sufficient number of many of the tribes have al-
ready been educated, and prepared to become teach-
ers among their own people. Every school becomes
the nursery of new teachers, who, being thus pre-
pared at home, removed from the temptations that
assail them among the whites, and retaining the
manners of their own people, will be more accepta-
ble and more successful than any others. In this
way only can females be educated, and the potent
influence of mothers be properly directed in the
formation of the character of the generation that is
soon to take place in the scene of life. Although
the academy in Kentucky is continued for the double
purpose of fulfilling expectations which caused heavy
expenses in its establishment, and for furnishing a
higher grade of instruction, to enable the pupils to be-
come physicians, clergymen, and teachers; yet, as it
is supposed these pupils will be as nearly accom-
plished within two years as they can be at any time,
consistently with the greater and main object of in-
structing the greatest possible number, it has been
arranged with the founder and proprietor of that
academy, that, at the expiration of that time, the ob-
ligations of the Government to furnish pupils to it
are to cease.
Intimately connected with the improvement of the
moral and intellectual condition of the Indians, is
the system which supplies them with clothing and
the means of procuring subsistence. If is undenia-
ble that the trading system does not adequately ac-
complish these purposes. There are many honest
faithful traders, but they cannot counteract the reck-
lessness of the Indians, who will purchase goods
either of a worthless kind, or in quantities altogether
beyond their wants, which, with characteristic im-
providence, they waste or barter for ardent spirits,
and leave themselves destitute of the articles of ne-
cessity for the residue of the year. This destitution
produces suffering, dependence, and inactivity: and
they resign themselves to the allurements of intoxi-
cation, or of wretched idleness. At the same time,
an influence is acquired over them by the traders,
altogether beyond that of the officers of the Govern-
ment, and which may be, and sometimes has been,
wielded in opposition to its policy, and tending to
the continued degradation and detriment of the In-
dians. In this respect, it seems to me the British
policy is far pieferable, which retains to the officers
of the nation the means of influencing men who can
be reached mainly only through their personal
wants. I am disposed to concur in the views of the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, as to the propriety
of employing agents of the Government to turnish
supplies to the Indians at fixed prices, of which they
should be notified, and in such quantities, at given
periods of time, as will insure their deriving the
utmost benefit from them. It is not perceived why
the principle recently adopted in reference to pur-
sers in the navy, may not be applied to this ease;
and a system of checks established, that will guard
against all fralid and abuse, and enable the Indian
to receive the best kind of goods at the cost of pur-
chase and transportation, and a per centage to defray
the expenses of sale.
Since the last annua! report, a treaty haa been
concluded and ratified with the Senecas of New
i'ork. by which a dispute that threatened the most
vexatious consequences has been amicably adjusted,
the rights of the Indians protected, their interest
promoted, and the Government relieved from large
pecuniary responsibilities.
With the Wyandots of Ohio a treaty has also
been ratified, by which that State will be relieved
from a population that encumbered the fairest por-
tion of its territory—a portion that will now be open
to enterprise, -and contribute to the genera! pros-
perity. _ r, •
A treaty has also been held with the Sac and Fox
Indians, (which, under your directions, wiU'be sub-
mitted to the Senate for ratification,) by which about
ten millions of acres of some of the; best land in
the Territory of Iowa are acquired. A purchase
has also been made of the Chippewas in the north-
west of Michigan and in Wisconsin, of about
fifteen millions of acres, by a treaty which will in
like manner be submitted to the Senate. These
treaties have been made at a reduced expense quite
unprecedented, in the most open, fair, and frank
manner, and on terms of justice, and even liberality
to the Indians, becoming the character of the Uni-
ted States.
Pursuant to the act of the last session of Congress,
commissioners have been appointed to adjust the
claims arising under the Choctaw treaty of 1890,
and instructions have been given them for the , per-
formance of their duties. Commissioners have
also been appointed to settle the remaining claims
under the treaty with the Cherokees of 1836. Del-
egates from that nation were in attendance at the
seat of Government for several months during the
last, year, to obtain a recognition of other and
extensive claims, and to settle some points in relation
to the intercourse of our citizens with their people,
and the administration of their laws. Their appli-
cations were listened to, not only patiently, but vvith
a sincere desire to gratify them in every request that,
could be granted consistently with a regard to our
own rights and duties. The propositions made to
them, to meet many of their objects, were declined;
and the whole negotiation failed.
During the year, the claims arising under the
Creek treaty, connected with the contract of Watson
& Co., have been disposed of; and many of those
prior to that contract have been adjusted, and the
residue will soon cease to encumber the department.
The claims under the treaty of 1839 with the Osages
have all been finally decided, except five, which have
been referred for further information.
Appended to the report of the commissioners, are
tabular statements of the investments made in stocks
for the benefit of the several Indian tribes, and of
the amounts retained in the treasury on which the
Government pays the annual interest.
I found existing in the department a disbursing
agent, in whose name large sums of money, belong-
ing to various Indians, were deposited in different
banks, or held by him in public securities. Although
this money could not be drawn or used without a
check countersigned by the Secretary of War and
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, yet the system
appeared to me erroneous in principle, and liable
to abuse. As soon as the necessary arrangements
could be made, directions were given to transfer
these funds directly to the Treasurer of the United
States. This has been done, with the exception of
a small sum necessarily retained to meet outstanding
demands, or to adjust unsettled accounts of agents.
I concur in the request of the Commissioner, that
authority be given to sell the buildings, and the
adjacent improvements, which have, at'former times,
been constructed and made for the use of the Indian
agencies, but which have become useless to the In-
dian Department.
The reductions directed hy the act " respecting
the organization of the army, and for other purposes,"
passed"at the last session, have been effected, so far
as authority for that purpose was given by the act.
The offices of the superintendents of the armories
have been abolished; the military storekeepers at-
tached to the ordnance service have been reduced to
the number directed; the duties of the Commissary
of Purchases have been transferred to the Quarter-
master's Department; two paymasters, one surgeon,
and ten assistant surgeons, have been disbanded;
there being a vacancy in the office of paymaster,
and in that of surgeon. Although the act directed
that the office of one inspector general should be
abolished, yet it did not authorize the President to
discharge either of the incumbents, while it gave
that authority in respect to the paymasters, surgeons,
and,assistant surgeons. The case was such as not
to require or justify the exercise of the power of
