m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBBS.
Dec. 1843,
Jtk Cong......«3d Sess.
R&port of the Secretory of the Navy.
Senate & H. of Reps.
removal, by striking from the army register the name
of either of the inspectors general, solely upon the
Executive authority or responsibility. Deeming
the legislation on the subject inchoate, as both those
officers were engaged on highly important duties,
and their services could not be dispensed with,
■without great injustice to the service, you were ad-
vised to follow the precedent of 1815, under similar
•circumstances, when the President found it imprac-
ticable to carry out the legislation of Congress, and
suspended proceedings for the further action of the
legislative body. As little more than two months
would elapse before the opportunity for such action
would present itself, you concluded to adopt that
course. I beg leave, now, to express the decided
conviction of this department, founded upon the
information and" advice of many of the most intelli-
-gent and experienced officers of the army, that the
number of inspectors general cannot be reduced,
without essential and permanent injury to the service.
The reduction of the rank and file does not dimmish
the number of posts, of forts, of arsenals, or of depots.
Without the inspection of an independent officer, in
no way connected with the branch of service which
may have charge of the public property, and not
responsible for the condition of the troops, the Gov-
ernment will be obliged to rely mainly on the infor-
mation of those whose feelings and whose interests
would be adverse to the discovery of any delinquency.
It is no imputation to apply to the military service
the principles of supervision and check which per-
vade every other department of the Government.
And to render such inspections effectual, it is indis-
pensable that they should be conducted by officers
not only of experience, but of high rank, whose au-
thority would be respected. These observations are
made here, in the hope that, on a reconsideration of
the subject, it will be deemed most expedient to leave
this part of the means of fulfilling the duties and
meeting the responsibilities of the department, as it
was established in 1821, when the army was re-
duced, and as it has continued since that time.
It appears, from statements furnished this depart-
ment by the Second and Third Auditors, that the
number of unsettled accounts in their offices has been
considerably diminished since the last annual report.
In the Second Auditor's office, there are none which
were presented in 1840; that of those presented in
1841, 57, and of those presented in 1842, 815 re-
mained unsettled—making 872 in the whole, and
showing a reduction of 300 since the last annual
"report. In the Third Auditor's office, there remain
unsettled, of the accounts presented in 1840,
294; of those presented in 1841, 345; and of
those presented in 1842, 840—making 1,479,
and exhibiting a reduction of the number stated
in the last annual report, of 335. Although a
decided improvement is thus shown, yet the number
not disposed of is altogether too large. Some of them
are known to be delayed for the want of explanation
of deficient vouchers; but by far the greatest pro-
portion have not been examined. Nothing can be
more unjust to the faithful officers who have ren-
dered their accounts, than the omission to settle
them until the persons who could supply deficient
vouchers are dead, or lemoved to unknown places,
or until the means of explanation are lost or forgot-
ten. It is a cruelty most ruinous in its result, which
is believed not to exist in any other country. And
its effects are very injurious to the Government. For
it often happens that it is found necessary to charge
another officer with a sum which has been paid or
advanced to him by the one whose account is settled.
During the delay that occ.urs m ascertaining the
fact of such liability, the person to be charged be-
comes insolvent, or dies, or no trace of him can be
found. I would most respectfully and most earnestly
urge an increase of the force of the Second and
Third Auditor's offices—at least temporarily, until the
existing mass of accounts be disposed of. A very
large proportion of the information called for by
Congress is necessarily derived from these Auditors,
and the time and labor required to furnish it are
abstracted from the regular d uties of the office. And
this, doubtless, is the principal cause of their ordi-
nary business being in arrear. They should, also,
be relieved from the charge of what are called prop-
erty accounts, which, in truth, belong tojhe admin-
istrative departments, rather than the accounting
officers.
The accounts of the disbursing agents in the In-
dian. Department are in a condition that defies any
power of the executive officers to bring them to a
close. Payments have been msde to a large amount
out of one fund, for objects legally authorized, but to
which it was not by law applicable; and the agents
remain charged with such payments, although they
have rendered vouchers for the expenditure. Many
accounts in other branches of the service are under-
stood to be in a similar condition. A law authoriz-
ing transfers of appropriations, similar to that passed
on the 27th January, 1831, to meet similar difficul-
ties, which will not draw a dollar from the treasury,
is demanded by the interest of the Government, and
by a sense of justice to the agents. It is believed
that they have accounted for the money placed in
their hands; but it is impossible to have official cei-
tainty on the subject until their accounts are adjust-
ed. The accounts of officers of the Quartermaster's
Department, serving in Florida in 1838 and 1839,
cannot be closed without legislative provision. The
difficulty is stated in the report of the Quartermas-
ter General, and I would respectfully solicit the pas-
sage of the necessary law to remove it.
I cannot close this report without again reverting
to a subject that has so repeatedly been brought to
the attention of Congress—namely, the inconvenience
and the great insecurity of the outbuildings in
which the offices of the Paymaster General, of the
Ordnance Bureau, of the Bureaus of Engineers and
of Topographical Engineers, of the Commissary
General of Subsistence, of the Surgeon General, and
of the Commissioner of Pensions, are kppt. Vain as
may be the effort, it is still a duty to ask that the in-
valuable papers and documents in those offices may
be preserved from destruction, by being placed in a
building not exposed, as they now are, to the slight-
est carelessness in the inhabitants of the houses that
surround them.
Respectfully submitted.
JOHN C. SPENCER.
To the President.
REPORT
OF THE SECRETARY OF THE NAVY.
Navy Department,
December, 1842.
To the J^resideiU of the United States :
Sin : I have the honor to present the following
report, in relation to this department.
The home squadron, authorized by the act of
the 1st day of August, 1841, has been put in com-
mission, and placed under the command of Commo-
dore Stewart. It is composed of the frigates Inde-
pendence, the flag-ship now under the command
of Captain Stringham; the frigate Constitution,
Captain Parker; the steam-frigate Missouri, Cap-
tain Newton ; the steam-frigate Mississippi, Captain
Salter; the sloop Falmouth. Commander Mcintosh ;
the sloop Vandalia, Commander Ramsey ; the brig
Dolphin, Commander Knight; and the schooner
Grampus, Lieutenant Van Brunt.
The original design oi this squadron was to cruise
along our own coast, with a view to extend the usual
protection to our trade; but more particularly to
afford assistance to vessels in distress; to make ac-
curate soundings and observations along our shores,
from which charts might be formed; to afford ves-
sels of different classes, always ready to take the
places ot those returning from distant stations; and
to perform any occasional service for which vessels
of war might be required. Finding, however, that
it was unnecessarily large for these purposes, and
that active employment could not be given to it, I
determined to assign to it the duties of the West
India squadron, and to withdraw that squadron from
service. This has accordingly been done ; and the
cruising ground of the home squadron now extends
from the Banks of Newfoundland to the river
Amazon, including the Carribbean sea and Gulf of
Mexico. This service requires one or two small
vessels, in addition to those originally assigned to
the squadron; and these I propose to add.
. It is found that the steam-ships Missouri and
Mississippi are unsuited to cruising in time of peace.
Their engines consume so much fuel as to add enor-
mously to their expenses; and the necessity thatthey
should return to port after short intervals of time,
for fresh supplies, renders it impossible to send them
on any distant service. They will be useful vessels
in time of war, as guards to our coasts and harbors,
and as auxiliaries in fleets; but they cannot b,e re-
lied on as cruisers, and are altogether too expensive
for service in time of peace. I l>ave therefore
determined to take them out of commission, and
shall substitute for them other and less expensive
vessels.
The Independence has not yet gone to sea, owing
in part to the fact that her crews have been taken
from time to time for other vessels, and in part to
the necessary engagements of Commodore Stewart
in other services. The rest of the squadron has,
under his orders, been kept actively and usefully
employed, and promises to answer all the expectations
of Congress in establishing it.
The duties originally contemplated for the home
squadron are highly important, and such as requiie
in the commander the best order of qualifications.
They do not, however, require so many vessels as the
law establishing that squadron authorizes. While,
therefore, it is desirable that the; squadron should be
such as to be woithy of the best professional rank
and talent, it is equally desirable that it should not
be so large as to have any portion of it inactive.
By assigning to it the duties of the West India
squadron, and extending the cruising ground to the
northern boundary of the cruising ground of the
Brazil squadron, the larger vessels may be kept on
constant duty to windward. In the mean time, the
smaller vessels may, in like manner, be employed in
the Caribbean sea and the Gulf of Mexico, where
the harbors are too shallow to admit those of a larger
size. The impossibility of beating up the coast,
against the trade-winds and Gulf stream, suggests
the propriety of assigning two or three steam-vessels
of medium size to that duty. These would afford
sufficient protection to our commerce, while they
would serve to keep up the necessary intercourse
between the commander of the squadron and that
portion of it destined to service in the Gulf of Mex-
ico. Without the aid of steam, that intercourse
could not be well maintained; for a vessel, not pro-
pelled by steam, entering the Gulf of Mexico from
the windward, could not regain her position without
a tedious and dangerous passage through the Gulf
of Florida.
The duties thus contemplated fci (he home squad-
ron will afford full employment for it, except during
the hurricane season, when it would not be prudent
for it to keep the sea, except in the northern part
of its cruising ground.
The Brazil squadron consists of the Delaware 74,
Captain McCauly ; the frigate Columbia, Captain
E. R. Shubrick; the sloops of war Concord, Com-
mander Boerum; John Adams, Commander Cono-
ver; Decatur, Commander Farragut; and the schoon-
er Enterprise, Lieutenant J. P. Wilson; all under the
command of Commodore Morris. This squadron,
I have reason to believe, has distinguished itself for
good order, discipline, and constant and strict atten-
tion to all the appropriate duties and exercises of
squadron service. I have also the pleasure to report
that the interests of our citizens, committed to the
care of Commodore Mom*, have been fully protected
and secured; and that our relations with the countries
within the range of his command have been pre-
served on the most favorable and honorable footing.
After the return of the frigate Brandvwine, in
July last, the squadron in the Mediterranean con-
sisted of only two sloops of war—the Fairfield,
Commander 1 attnall, and the Preble, Commander
Voorhees; under the command of Commodore Mor-
gan, I regret to say that Commander Voorhee*
diea at Smyrna on the 27th July last; he was an
officer of a high order of merit, and his death is a
serious loss to his country. The Preble is now under
the command of Commander Nicholson; and Com-
mander Bigelow has succeeded Commander Tattnall,
who has returned to the United States.
On the 15th of July last, the frigate Congress,
