Dec. 1842.
APPENMX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
27TJ4 Cong *«'3D S&SS,
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
t Senate & H. of Reps,
<rf construction and repairs, for example, is charged
with duties of the bureau of equipment. It requires
a ship carpenter to build or repair a vessel of war; it
requires a naval officer to equip her. In like manner,
the providing of ordnance and ordnance stores has
ho natural connexion with hydrogr^phical surveys;
and these two subjects are intrusted to the same
bureau. It would probably be impossible to find
any one man properly qualified to perform all the
duties of building, repairing, and equipping a vessel
of war; and although it would not, perhaps, be so
difficult to find one competent to the duties of the
two bureaux of ordnance and hydrography, yet it
would probably happen, in most instances, that he
who was best qualified for the one, would be least
qualified for the other. Besides, great confusion will
necessarily exist, in keeping, by the same sot of
clerks, the accounts of matters so wholly distinct.
The clerical force allowed to these two bureaux is
much too small. Indeed, this is true (though not to
the same extent) of the other bureaux. The seveie
labors imposed, and the small salaries allowed, arc
positive discouragements to a zealous and energetic
discharge of duty.
In providing a chicf of the bureau of construction,
equipment, and repair, the alternative was between
a naval captain qualified to equip, and a naval con-
structor qualified to build and repair. I did not
hesitate to prefer the former, and the place is filled
by a member of the late Board of Navy Commission-
ers. But, in uniting the two buieaux, it was, I pre-
sume, not perceived that the salary, originally con-
templated for the bureau of construction and repairs,
was retained. Thus it happens that one of the cap-
tains, at the head of a bureau, receives five hundred
dollars per annum lens than his pay as captain in
command; and Jess, by the same mud, than is leceiv-
ed by each of the captains holding correspondent
stations in the department. This was doubtless not
intended, and will be corrected.
I also respectfully suggest that there is no good
reason for giving to the chief of the bureau of medi-
cine a less salary than is received by others in cor-
responding positions. He ought to be, and it is
presumed always will be, a man of a high order of
professional attainments and general education, hold-
ing a social position equal, in all respects, to that of
any other man. His erpeinrs, of couise, will be as
great, and his sacrifices certainly will not be less.
Of the importance and utility of this bureau. I already
have the most satisfactory proof, in the improved
organization of the medical department of the ser-
vice, and in the waving of expense gieatly beyond
my expectations. An expenditure, twice as large
as the bureau now calls for, will be more than twice-
saved annually, by ifs services. Its claims, there-
fore, to the increase of salary which I recommend,
are of the strongest character in every respect.
These defects in the law are obvious. Whenever
they shall be corrected, it is confidently believed
that a system of administration may be established
in this department, as prompt, exact, and efficient
as can be found in any other department of the Gov-
ernment. The acts of the last session, " to establish
and regulate the navy ration," and "to regulate the
pay of pursers and other officeis of the navy," promise
he most beneficial results to the economy of the
service; and will probably remove many of the diffi-
culties which would otherwise have existed, in ac-
complishing all the objects proposed in the reorgan-
ization ot the department.
The personnel of the navy is a subject of much
deeper interest, although it presents no greater diffi-
culties. That abuses exist, and that the public eye
is occasionally offended with displays of disreputa-
ble behavior, is not surprising. Such things might
be expected in any body of men equally numerous;
they are seen every day in social circles on shore,
without affixing to those circles any individual, or
even general reproach. The navy is as free from such
scandals as any equal number of men in any order
of society. It is matter of just surprise that it should
be,so. Withdrawn, in a gieat degiee, by the very
nature of their pursuits, from the immediate influ-
ence of that public opinion which is the best correc-
tive of manners, and with a most imperfect system of
Jaws and regulations as a substitute for it, what is
there but their own sense of propriety to prevent
naval officers from, falling into the worst excesses?
For twenty years past, the navy has received from
the Government little more than a step-mother's
care. It was established without plan, and has been
conducted upon no principle, fixed and regulated by
law. Left to get along as well as it could, the wonder
is, that it retains even a remnant of the character
which it won so gloriously during the last war.
Reform, in this particular, must commence with
the midshipmen. After a time, these boys become
men, and these midshipmen become lieutenants, and
commanders, and captains. Hence it is of the utmost
importance that none should be appointed who are
not duly qualified, and suited in all respects to that
peculiar service. And yet, to this great and funda-
mental truth no attention has hitherto been p&id.
The department has been left free to appoint whom
it pleased, and as many as it pleased, without any
law whatever to guide or regulate its judgment
The only rule by which the Secretary can be govern-
ed, is to appoint those who are, or who seem to be,
best recommended; and yet, in half the cases, the boy
himself is as well known as those who certify in his
favor. Hence the Secretary acts in the dark, and
must, of necessity, he often in error. It is a notori-
ous fact, that wayward and incorrigible boys, whom
even parental authority cannot control, are often sent
to the navy, as a mere school of discipline, or to save
them from the reproach to which their conduct ex
poses them on shore. It is not often that skilful
ofiiccrh or valuable men arc made out of such mate-
rials. The corrective which I propose is this:
1. The naval establishment shall be fixed by Jaw;
ascertaining, among other things, the number of offi-
cers to bo allowed in each grade. There must be a
due propoition among the several grades, or else it
will be impossible that the different duties of the ser-
vice can be properly discharged. Tn this respect, the
proviso of the appropriation bill of the last session of
Congress, limiting the number of midshipmen to the
number who were in -service on the 1st January,
1841, and of other officers to the number who were
in service on the 1st January, 1842, will, if persisted
in, prove extremely unfortunate in its action. The
precise proportion, proper for the effective officering
of a ship, depends upon her class. Wc may find,
in an average of the different ships, a rule near
enough to perlcct accuracy to aiford a safe guide of
legislation upon the subject. But this pioportion is
wholly destroyed by the proviso above mentioned; so
that it will be impossible, under that law, to furnish
the proper officers for the several stations of our ships
of war, supposing any considerable number of our
captains and commanders to be employed. The in-
convenience of that proviso is already felt, in regard
to the medical officers in the service. I had the
honor to represent, at the last session, the pressing
necessity for an increase of the number of surgeons
and assistants. There are not now in service enough
to afford the aid which it is the acknowledged duty
of the Government to afford to those who are engaged
m her service at sea; and yet, whatever may be
the necessity for them, their numbers cannot be in-
creased. In regard to the forward warrant officer?,
(such as boatswain, carpenter, gunner, &c.,) the re-
striction is scarcely less inconvenient. They are ap-
pointed only as their services are required; so that
there is no danger that their numbers will be incon-
veniently great. At all events, they should bear a
due proportion to the other officers.
2. There should beestablished propernaval schools
on shore. Little or no attention has hitherto been
paid to the proper education of naval officers.
Through a long course of years, the young midship-
men were left to educate themselves and one another;
and it is creditable to them that they lost few oppor-
tunities of doing so. Suitable teachers are now pro-
vided for them; but their schools are kept in receiv-
ing ships and cruising vessels, in the midst of a
thousand interruptions and impediments which
render the whole system of little or no value. Under
such circumstances, the foundation \>f a solid and
useful education can rarely be laid. This subject
was brought to the attention of Congress at its last
session, and a bill establishing a naval school passed
the Senate. It was not acted on by the House of
Representatives, for want of time. I again earnestly
recommend it, convinced, as I am, that its effect
upon the navy will be in the highest degree benefi-
cial. If adopted, Congress will, of course, prescribe
such rules and regulations in regard to it, as may
seem to them proper; but I respectfully suggest tho
following as the outline of the system.*
The school shall be established at such of the old
military fortifications on the seaboard as may afford
suitable accommodations, and as may not be required
by the War Department.
The officers and teachers shall be supplied from
those actually in the naval service; and all nautical
instruments, boats for practice, &c., shall be furnish-
ed from the navy. This will save nearly the whole
expense of the schools.
Instruction in the schools shall be given to candi-
dates for admission into the navy, and to midship-
men actually in the service.
The admission of candidates shall be regulated by
law, as is done in regard to the WestPoint Academy.
Ko boy shall reccive an acting appointment in the
navy, until he shall have passed a certain period of
diligent study at a naval school; nor unless he shall
producc the nccessarv certificates from his officers
and instructors of his good conduct, capacity, physi-
cal ability, and general fitness.
Among those who shall produce such certificates,
appointments shall be made according to such rule
as Congress shall prescribe.
These precaution* will afford a leasonable assu-
rance that no boy will be admitted into the navy,
withoutbeing qualified for, and worthy of, that station.
But the watchful care of the Government over him
should not stop here. He should receive, in the
first instance, an acting appointment, (as is now the
practice.) and not be entitled to a full appointment
until he shall have seen at least one year's service
at sea, and made f5citable progress in the science and
practical duties of the service. After receiving his
full appointment, he should pass not less than five
years in acti\o seivico at sea, before he should bo
entitled to examination for a "warrant as " passed
midshipman." That examination should be, rigor-
ous and thorough, and none should be entitled to it
who could not produce the most satisfactory proofs
of good conduct, attainments, capacity, and general
fitness. By this time, the boy will have attained a
period of-life when the character is generally well
developed, and, in some degree, fixed; so that the
country will have good reason to trust him in the
higher grades of the service. A corps of officers,
formed of such matciials, would probably present
few instances of misconduct or incapacity; and would
reflect honor on the country, while rendering to it
the most valuable services.
This system could not fail to lelieve the persojinel
of the navy, after a time, of all its present incum-
brances, and would certainly tend to keep it in a
healthy condition. But it would be too slow in its
operation for the cure of existing evils. Probably
there never was a similar institution in any country,
into which abuses have not crept, after so long a
period as thirty years of profound peace, and of con-
sequent neglect. Governments and their people are
too apt to overlook the military arm, when there is
no immediate need of its protection; forgetting the
wise maxim, that in peace we should prepare for war.
Our navy has experienced its full share of those
unfavorable influences; and the natural consequence
is seen m the admitted fact, that it contains some
officers who do no credit to their commissions.
Their number, however, is much smaller than might
have been justly expected, under the operation of so
many discouraging and corrupting causes. Every
nation finds it necessary, after particular intervals of
peace, to revise and reform its military establish-
ments; and the time has now arrived when such a
corrective may be advantageously applied to the
navy of the United States. The only difficulty is
in adopting the right process. To dismiss from the
service officers who have committed no positive
offence, would be unjust and cruel. The nature of
their profession is such as to disqualify them for
nearly all the pursuits of industry on shore. Most
of them have been kept long on probation, and have
been thus encouraged to expect that they would
