m
appendix to the congressional globb.
Dec. 1842.
2fTH CONG—3D SKSS.
Report of the Secretary of (he Navy■
Senate & H. of Reps.
remain in the service. Many of them now have
.families dependent on them, who would be -exposed
to great suffering if the public support should be
entirely withdrawn. On the other hand, it is to be
borne in mind that the officer stipulates with his
country, that he will be.both willing and able to
perform all the duties of the station which he solicits
and deceives at her hand; and he has, therefore, no
right to complain that she rejects him when he proves
either neglectful or incompetent. Perhaps no more
just rule can be adopted than to compel the officer
to retire, upon a certain proportion of his annual
pay. A system of compulsory furlough, properly
regulated, and guarded against abuse, would have
the most salutary effect. To lodge such a power in
the Secretary of the Navy, would probably not be
generally acceptable. The natural jealousy which
every one feels of whatever approaches to arbitrary
power, would present a strong objection with most
persons to intrusting so much to the discretion of
any one man. For myself, however, 1 have no
doubt that the only danger would be that the power
Would be too cautiously and too seldom exerted.
Public opinion, in this country, is a sure corrective
of al! abuses of that sort; and no man, who valued
either his reputation or his comfort, would hazard
the one or the other by challenging that public
opinion for the indulgence of any feeling'- unbecom-
ing the impartial justice of his station. Still, how-
ever, it is desirable, not only that the department
should be in fact just and impartial, but that the pub-
lic and the navy officers should believe it to be so.
I propose, therefore, that, whenever the Secretary of
the Navy shall be of opinion that an officer is unfit
for the service, he shall be required to present his
name to the Senate for furlough; stating fully, (if re-
quired so to do,) the reasons for that opinion. If the
Senate, after such inquiry as it may choose to insti-
tute, shall concur with him, the officer shall be put
on furlough upon a ccrtain proportion—say one-
half Ills pay, and he considered out of the service.
In this way, the same power that appoints, will re-
move; and the act, leceivwgthp sanction ol the Sen-
ate, will be placed ahovo the suspicion of injustice
or oppression.
It may be urged, as an objection to this plan, that
it will create a body of quasi pensioners upon the
treasury, who hau: done nothing to desert e such
favor. This is not true in point 01 fact. These
officers are alteady in the scr-'icc, and it they be not
put on furlough, will rcu-ivc their -.c/iafrpay instead
of only half of it. No o/liccr will ever he nui on
furlough if he be really qualified for the service; and
. if he be not qualified, he ought not to be, and I pro-
sumo will not • be, called into service at all. Of
course, he will temain a dead weight upon the treas-
ury, to the full amount of his whole pay. To put
him 011 furlough, therefore, is u positive relief to the
treasury, to the c\lent of one-hall' his pay.
But the evil, it it really be one, will be of very
short duration. When the navy officer shall come
to understand that there is aprocr^s more certain and
summary than a trial by court-martial, by which his
dignity and his income may both b-reduced, kc will
be cautious not to bring himself within tmch pe.il.
The ofiect of the fuilough s\stcm will be to create ■
new motive on the part of the naval officer to exert
himself to excel in his profession, and to pbee him-
self above suspicion in point of persona! chaiacfer
and conduct. The belief, heretoforepievailing, that
an officer of any standing in the navy could not be
driven out of it, or at least that he could not be kept
out of it, has had a strong influence iu ruining its
discipline, and corrupting its morals and manners.
-The furlough system, fnmly administered, will
serve >o remove, this impression; and, with the as-
sistance of an unsparing and impartial administra-
tion of the law, through courts Partial, wi'l soon
purify the service, and will long keep it pure. When
the inefficient, who are now in the navy, shall have
been removed, it is probable that (he treasury will
thereafter be rarely taxed with the pay of furloughed
officers. The necessity of some mode of proceed-
ing, by which the navy may be rid of the incompe-
tent as well as of the guilty, is universally admitted-
and f have not ueen able to devise any mode more
just, more effective, or less objectionable on the score
of expense, than that which I now suggest.
If this system should be fully and faithfully carried
out, I do not perceive that anything more will be
necessary to insure to the navy competent and hon-
orable officers.. Hitherto it has been their great mis-
fortune, that with fewer opportunities than others to
educate themselves, the Government has done noth-
ing to educate them. The cadet from West Point
enters the army well-founded in the principles of
solid and useful learning, and fully prepared to en'
gage with advantage in any pursuit, whether of civil
or military life. The candidate for the navy, on the
contrary, is deemed well enough qualified if. ho be
able to read and write, to answer a few simple ques-
tions in geography and English grammar, and to
solve plain problems in the elementary rules of arith-
metic. Why should this difference be iriadel Im-
portant as a proper preparatory education may be
to the army officer, it is even more important to the
officer of the navy. Apart from the fact that he has
few opportunities to improve himself, it is to be re-
membered that he is the most frequent representative
of his country abroad; the standard by which foreign
nations will be most apt to measure her moral and
intellectual character. He is also frequently intrust-
ed with important and delicate negotiations, involv-
ing the rights of our citizens, and the peace and
honor of our country. The function of the naval
commander is much more useful, important, and
dignified, than is generally supposed. To his skill
and vigilance are intrusted, at every hour of the day
and night, the safety of the ship, and the lives of
her crew. The honor of his country's flag, and, in
a great degree, her harmonious relations in peace, and
her protection in war, are among the awful trusts
with which lie is clothed. Very few men can be
found qualified in every respect for so high and im-
posing an office; and, unhappily, there are too few
among those who now hold it, who duly feel its im-
portance and dignity. I humbly think that it is a
high duty of Government to adopt every means, cal-
culated in any degree to elevate the standard of
character in the naval commander, and to fit him in
knowledge, in professional skill, and in personal
character, to discharge the high and solemn duties of
his office. This can be best done, by giving him a
suitable preparatory education, and by providing
proper and ready means of removing him from the
ranks of his profession, whenever he may be found
unworthy to occupy a place in them.
1 respectfully renew the suggestion heretofore
made, that there is yet one thing more, necessary
to complete the process of reform. The naval officer
should feel that he has a place in the respect and
confidence of his country, and that the honors and
distinctions which his services shall have earned
will not bo withheld from him. Pkoxotiox i  the
vital principle of military service; and hence as many
grades should be established as may lie found consist-
ent w.tli the due order and efficiency of the service.
The experience of every day tends to confirm nie in
the belief that the several grades of admiral, vice
admiral, and rear admiral, ought to be established
in our navy. 1 had the honor to bring this subject
to your noiicc m my last report, and to urge such
reason-- as seemed to me to be sufficient in support of
■Jk i ccommendation now renewed. I have onlv to
add that this important measure netd not increase
the expenses of the navy at all. It will afTerd an op-
poi tuiiity to icward, by vvell-desei ved promotion, many
officeis in the seveial grades, who are. well qualified
for the highest stations and most important duties of
the service. These men, most of whom would soon
become the ornaments and grace of any other navv
in the world, are likely, under our present system, to
grow gray in subordinate and obscure stations; their
merits unacknowledged and their usefulness tiirown
•away. Wc may at least be allowed to regret that the
higner officers of the navy—those who, by their set-
vices in war, have reflected most honor on their coun-
try, and given the best proofs of their own merits—are
so rapidly passing from the stage oflife, that even if
our policy in this respect should ultimately change,
others are likely to reap the honors which they have
so richly earned. This should be deemed by a gene-
rous country a reason for adopting, at once, a policy
which, beyond all doubt, will ultimately be forced
upon us, if we shall continue to maintain anv navv
at all, J
I again respectfully ask for an increase in the num-
ber of marines, and of marine officers of the lower
grades, Not less than twenty millions of dollars of
the public property are now exposed in our navy-
yards, to conflagration and theft, for want of proper
marine guards. Thefts to a considerable extent have
recently been detected, and doubtless others have
been committed which never will be detected. One
fire, which a single additional marine might prevent,
would probably destroy in a few hours more than
the expenses of the whole marine force for ten years.
Surely, it cannot be true economy to leave so much
of the public property exposed to such great dangers,
oir want of so very cheap a protection as a few ad-
dftional marines.
It is an object of great interest to me, to make the
navy subservient to the encouragement of American
industry. This may be done, not only by the pro-
tection which it aflords to American commerce,
(upon which I have already commented,) but also
by means of the supplies which it requires. We are
probably the only people m the world who can, with
perfect convenience, build, equip, arm, feed, and
clothe a navy of the largest size from our own home
resources. A nation of any magnitude, having all
the materials of war constantly at its command, is
essentially powerful. Hence it is of the utmost im-
portance that we should adopt a policy calculated at
once to cherish and to develop these sources of our
strength and security. The measures more immedi-
ately necessary to accomplish this object have al-
ready been brought to the notice of Congress; but, as
they have not yet been acted on, it would seem to be
proper that I should again refer to them.
The first in importance is the preservation of navy
timber, growing on the public lands. No other coun-
try possesses so rich a store of this material as the
United States. Properly protected, it would afford
a supply for the largest navy in the world, for an in-
definite time, without any sensible diminution. But
I regret to say that the laws which have been enact-
ed with this view, are in some respects inoperative,
and in all respects inefficient. Depredations of the
most ruinous kind are daily committed, in spite of all
the vigilance which this department can use, and in
defiance of all the power which it is authorized to
exert. Our own people are daily selling to the Gov-
ernment, timber which they take agjinst law, from
the public lands; and it is understood that large sup-
plies of the same timber are already contracted for
by foreign Governments. It is impossible to prevent
these depredations under existing laws. The sub-
ject is, in my opinion, worthy of the serious and
prompt attention of Congress. If they should
thoroughly investigate it, the information which this
department can afford will not fail to convince them
of the necessity of a reform in the laws relating to
it, and of' additional grants of power and means
to the officers of the Government to whom they
may choose to intrust this valuable part of the public
property.
The subject next in importance is the establish-
ment of u imvy-yard on the largest scale, on the
waters of the lower Mississippi. I had the honor to
give my views upon this subject, in a report to the
Senate of the 31 st of January last. Respectfully re-
ferring to that report, I forbear to repeat at large
the suggestions which it offers. I will only say that
the object which I have in view is to afford what-
ever facilities such an establishment can afford to ihe
industry of the whole valley of the Mississippi, now
cut off, in a great degree, from its due share in the
supplies of the navy. The iron of that region
would find there a ready and convenient market; an
extensive rope-walk—a necessary appendage to
such a navy-yard—would present a constant de-
mand for hemp ; the provisions of the West, now
worth little or nothing, from their superabundance,
would find a ready purchaser at fair prices. Every
branch of Western industry would feel, directly or
indirectly, the influence of such an establishment;
while the navy itself would be secure of abundant
and cheap supplies, sufficiently convenient to the
ocean, and yet perfectly safe from the attacks of any
enemy.
It is by arrangements of this sort that the navy
can be made to return to the country twice the
wealth which is expended in support of it. The
