APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Dec. 1842.
27TH COKG""3O Sks8.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & H. of Reps.
merits of our naval service. It is my duty to do
this, without reference to any other considerations.
Whether my recommendations shall be adopted or
not, must of course depend on the view which may
be taken of them by the legislative department of
the Government. In presenting my own views, I
simply discharge my own duty to those to whose
better judgment all the measures which I have pro-
posed must be referred.
All which is respectfully submitted.
A. P. UPSHUR.
POSTMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Post Office Department,
December 3, 1842.
To the President of the United Stales'
Sir: In presenting to your consideration a report
of the condition and operations of the Post Office
Department for the year preceding the 30th June,
1842, it affords me pleasure to say, its condition has
been improved, and the service has been attended
with more than ordinary success, whether con-
sidered in reference to the management of its
financial concerns, or the regularity and extent of
its operations. '
A public scrviee, which requires the agency of
13,733 postmasters and their clerks, 2,343 contrac-
tors and their agents, covering during the year
34,835,991 miles of transporta ion, and extending
almost to the door of evety citizen, must encounter
difficulties, and bi subject to occasional irregular-
ities, nol only from the neglect of some of its nu-
rous agents, bill from physical closes, not in the
power ol' this department to overcome.
When this vast machinery of the General Post
Office; the minuteness ol its details, and the char-
acter of the majority ot the roads over which the
mail is transported, are contemplated, there should
be more of astonishment at the general regulai iiy of
the service, than oi surprise and discontent at oc-
casional failures. Absolute certainty and unbroken
regularity in the arrival and departure of the mails,
at all times, cannot, and ought not to be expected.
And it is with pleasute I bear testimony, on this
occasion, to the general zeal and fidelity of those
employed in this branch ol the public service.
The whole «mount of mail transportation lor the
year ending June 30th, 1841, was 34,936,523 miles,
ai a conti act cost of $3,159,3'f). The whole amount
of transportation fur I lie year ending June 30,
1842 was 34,835,991 miles, at a contract cost ol
$3,087,796.
The amount of expenditure of the department,
for the year ending June, 1842, was estimated, in
my report of December last, at ®4,490,000. The
rcvemu; to be derived from postage, &c. in the
same report was estimated at $4,380,000. The
amount estimated foi the expeudiluie did not in-
clude the sums due by the depaitment prior to the
31st March, 1841. Thus exhibiting a probable
liability of #110,000, beyond us- estimated current
receipts ot that year.
To bring the expenditures within the income ol'
the department, was a duly demanded at hit hands,
by a regard for the observance of the principle upon
which 1 desiie to conduct the administration of
the Geneial Post O/liee, viz- that, while tlie depart-
ment should not be legarded as a source of revenue
to the Government, it must not become an annual
charge upon the public treasury.
To effect this object, great labor and minute atten-
tion have been bestowed by all concerned.
A revision of post-roads and post offices, neces-
sary to a reduction ol unprofitable toute.s, and the
discontinuance of unptoduciive and useless post
offices, and the substitution of others at moie im-
portant points, better suited to the public Hants;
the institution of a system for the preservation and
safely of the public property, and the reduction uf
useless expenditures, was a task requiring no or-
dinary portion of labor and time; and its perform-
ance could not fail often to subject the head ot the
department to censure and criticism from those who
did not feel the necessity of the measures adopted.
The effect has been salutary to the public set vice'
as wellin reference to its income, as lo its useful-
ness and cost. I refer you to the reports of the 1st
and 3d Assistant Postmasters General, which will
give more in detail the effect which has been pro-
duced by the measures adopted.
Useless and unproductive routes have been dis-
continued; whilst others, more convenient, less ex-
pensive, and more productive, have been substituted.
In many instances, where the nature and size of
the mail did not demand the higher grade of ser-
vice, the less expensive modes of transportation
have been employed. This may be~more satisfac-
torily illustrated by a reference to the service in
the Northwestern and Southwestern districts, com-
prising the States of Michigan, Indiana, Illinois,
Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, Arkansas, and Louisiana, and the Terri-
tories of Wisconsin and Iowa, prior to the 1st July,
1849, and the service under the recent letting*.
The whole number of miles of mail service in
these districts annually was 11,005,865, costing an-
nually the sum of $1,102,045 prior to the 1st July
last. The recent contracts require the transporta-
tion of the mail, in each year, 11,424,128 miles,
at a cost of $957,768—thus giving, in fact,418,263
miles more of service for $144,277 less expense.
And I do not hazard much when I assert that this
saving has been made while the service itself has
been, in the aggregate, greatly improved.
The heretofore heavy expenditure of mail-bags
and locks has been greatly reduced. Entertaining
the opinion that, by a proper system of preservation,
and a just responsibility imposed upon publicagents,
the number of mail-bags on hand was equal to the
wants of the service, and would be sufficient to
meet its demands for several years, I have, in ef-
fect, ordered their manufacture to cease.
By the report of the Third Assistant, it will be
seen that the expenditure for mail bags was, in the
year 1837 .... $56,702 28
in 1838  38,737 36
In 1839 - - - - - 36 082 46
In 1840 ----- 35,337 23
Fiom 1st, April, 1811, to 1st April, 1812, the
amount expended was but $13,566 30.
Prom 1st April, 1842, to 1st October, 1842—six
months—<|>7,540 59. A large proportion of which
was the mail-bags manufactured prior to 1841.
It is impottant, in every branch of the public ser-
vice, to impress upon those in its employment the
necessity of taking care of and preserving the pub-
lic projierty. This is best done by the adoption of
an appropriate system, and holding to a just responsi-
bility those chaiged with administrative duties; and,
when they prove themselves faithless or negligent,
to appoint others in their places.
The good eftecis of this rule are strictly illustra-
ted not only m the item of expenditure just enu-
merated, but they are manifested throughout the
results of the entire year's service.
It will be seen, by reference to mv report of De-
cember last, that the amount received from the post-
age on letters and newspapers, and fines, for the
vear commencing 1st July, 1840, and ending 30th
June, 1841, was stated to be "79,317 78.
The amount arising from the same sources for
the year ending 30th June, 1812, is $4,546,246 13,
Thus showing an increase of the revenue of the
department of *(166,928 35 over the revenue of the
preceding year.
This increase has not been the result of an in-
crease of mail matter, I am persuaded; but has
arisen iiom a more systematic and vigilant execu-
tion of the law.
The gross expenditures of the depaitment for
the y.ir ending 30th June, 1812, so far as they
have been indited and paid, are $4,627,716 62—
exceeding the amount derived from postage, du-
ring the same year, $81,470 49.
It will be remembered that, by the act approved
the 9th September, 1841, there was appropriated,
"to enable the Post Office Department to meet its
engagements and pay its debts," (he sum of £482,-
657.
Of this sum, there has been expended, during
the last fiscal year, the sum of $392,664 51 in satis-
faction ot demands against the department prior to
I he month of April, 1841. The repoitof the chief
clerk upon this subject, will exhibit more in detail
th"1 application of this fund.
There remained unexpended of this appropria-
tion on the 30th of June, 1842,4:89,992 49, to meet
such other demands as may be established to be
due prior to the 31st March, 1841.
This sum of $390,664 51 constitutes no part of
the ^4,546,246 13, given above as the revenue for
ihe last year, derivable from postage and fines. It
does, however, constitute part of the §4,627.716 C2
the gross expenditure for that year; and, if deduct-
ed, will show the gross expenditure, for ordinary
current service, to be $4,235,.052 11
This would present an apparent balance, or an
excess of revenue over expenditures, of #311,194 02.
As it is highly probable that there are yet claims
unsatisfied, not having been presented for payment,
and claims which were due prior to that time, and
which, if presented, would have been audited and
paid within the year, and which have been paid
since 30th June, 1842, and, consequently, will be
charged in the expenditures for the current year, it
is not intended lo convey the idea that this
$311,194 02 is a surplus on hand; but it is a fact,
fiom which 1 am authorized to state that the in-
come of the department has been equal to its cur-
rent expenditures during the year ending in June,
1842; and it induces me to hope that, unless the
burdens of the service shall be too greatly aug-
mented bv the additional routes created by the act of
the last session of Congress, the department will, in
future, be enabled to sustain itself 1 cannot antici-
pate, however, any great extension of the service
beyond its present limits and amount, unless Con-
gress shall, in some mode, relieve the department
from the heavy annual demands made upon its in-
come by railroad transportation, and protect it, by
appropriate legislation, against the inroads upon
it by private expresses and rival mail establish-
ments.
It affords me great satisfaction to report to your
excellency that every legal demand by the contrac-
tors, properly vouched, upon the department, for
services rendered since I have had the honor of
superintending its operations, has been promptly
paid.
Justice to contractors requires that, as soon as
they have performed the service, they should be
paid. To enable the department to do this, punctu-
ality on the part of postmasters in the payment of
the balances due from them at the endofeach quar-
ter, is all important.
In every instance where there has been a failure
on the part of such postmasters to meet the drafts of
the General Post Office, I have felt it a duty, not to
be omitted, to relieve such from thp burden of offi-
cial duty. The knowledge of the existence of
this rule has banished defalcation from the depart-
ment.
It is a fact worthy of notice, that, although the ag-
gregate amount received from postage during the
past year has been greater by the sum stated, the re-
ceipts at the large offices for 1842 have been less
than in 1841. The aggregate increase has been at
the medium and smaller offices.
This is accounted for by the fact, that the means
of intercommunication between the great commer-
cial points have been such as to invite constant
and increasing infractions and violations of the
laws of Congress regulating the General Post
Office.
I took occasion to invite your attention to this
subject in my report of last year, under the hope
that some legislation, m aid of the present laws,
would take place, to enable the department more
effectually to protect itself..
It is made the exclusive du'y of the General Gov-
ernment to establish post offices and post roads. The
State Governments have no right to interfere with
the subject; neither has any individual, or compa'nv
of individuals, such right.
Upon most of the railioads in the United States,
over which the mail is transported at an immense
expense, there ate to be found individuals engaged
iu the transportation of mail matter, in violation of
the laws of the land—laws which prohibit the of-
fence, but do not punish it by adequate sanctions.
A modification of the bws regulating the frank-
ing privilege is essential to the con tinned prosperity
of the department. The original grant of this
jiriviiege was designed the better to enable the pub-
lic officer to discharge his official duties without
burden upon his private means. It isnow general-
ly esteemed moie as a private and individual right,
than an official privilege. If persons entitled to
this privilege were content to enjoy it themselves,
without lending their franks to others, the burden
and loss to the department would not be so great,
and there would be ]e*s cause of just complaint
by the public.
Although the act of 1825 expressly declares that,
"if any person shall frankany letter or letters, other
than those wi ittc-n by himself, or try his order, on the
business of his ojjice, he shall, on conviction thereof,
pay a fine of ten dollais; and ii shall be the espe-
cial duty of postmasters to prosecute for said of-
fence." The penalty declared by this law has not
