See. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
27th Cong.-•••3d Sess.
Economy and Retrenchment—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OF MR. REYNOLDS,
op illinois
In the House of Representatives, Dec, 17, 1842—
On economy and retrenchment.
Mr. REYNOLDS of Illinois, haying the floor,
said:
1 Mr. Chairman : I see no reasOu to induce me
to become so warm and excited on this subject, as I
see evinced in other gentlemen who have taken
part in the discussion. I feel as cold on the occa-
sion as an ice-house; and will have no other feel-
ings in the case, except what truth and justice may
inspire me with.
The question before the committee is, to strike
out of the bill under consideration $50,0(10 for the
survey of the coast of the United States. This
appropriation is for six months only; and, should
it not be stricken out, the same sum must be ap-
propriated for the other six months of the year;
making, in all, ©100,000 for the whole year; and so
on until the work is completed.
Mr. Chairman, I consider this sum not of itself
so vastly important to the public, as the principle
which will be established by the Representatives
of the people in the decision of this question.
We will see whether the promises of economy and
retrenchment, made so frequently to the public,
will be binding on the Representatives or not.
A committee was raised at the last session of
Congress, consisting of five members, to inquire
into this same subject—the survey of the coast.
This committee have not made a formal report;
but a majority of them have come to the conclu-
sion that Mr. Hassler, the superintendent of the
survey, is incapable to carry on the work. This
statement has given to the discussion a deeper
tincture of Mr. Hassler than should, m my opinion,
figure in the debate; yet his peculiar and particu-
lar friends have foiced him to occupy such an im-
portant and prominent position m relation to this
work, that, in order to arrest the appropriation, we
are compelled to give him a passing notice.
The ardent and zealous gentleman [Mr. J. R
Ingersoli, of Philadelphia] who last addressed the
committee, seems to suppose ihat Mr. Hassler has
no friends on this floor. If the gentleman had
paid the same attention to his own efforts for Mr.
Hassler that I did, he would have witnessed in
himself a most powerful and influential friend to
the old gentleman,
In fact, Mr. Chairman, I believe Mr. Hassler has
no enemies in this House. What inducement
could exist in any one's breast to make him hostile
to Mr. Hasslerf I myself feel no hostility towards
him; and, I presume,others entertain as friendly feel-
ings to him as I do. A majority of the select com-
mittee, in the discharge of their official duties, act-
ing under the solemnities of an oath, have con-
cluded that he is incapacitated to prosecute the sur-
vey of the coast. This is not a declaration of wai
against Mr. Hassler, to gratify private feelings of
enmity towards him; but it is a solemn act of offi-
cial duly,performed by part of the select committee,
as the Representatives of the people; and, as suehj
must and will have a most powerful influence in
the case of Mr. Hassler.
The peculiar friends of Mr. Hassler have in
such an efficient manner identified and dovetailed
him with this national work, that some might sup-
pose the survey could not go on without him. His
friends seem to think that he and the work are
both national,and, like the Siamese twins, oncdjing,
the other cannot live. The praise and eulogies
heaped on him wilh such unsparing profusion, will
do him an injury. Anything that is not natu-
ral cannot be forced to return a permanent ex-
istence. And, moreover, it is an indirect re-
proach and censure on the science of the nation.
That no other person m this Republic, consisting of
seventeen millions of people, can be found equal 10
Mr. Hass'er to survey the coast, is a proposition so
preposterous and absurd, that it will provoke the
derision of the people, rather than their belief. It
would seem that this vast confederacy must wither
and decay, if Mr. Hassler were removed from of-
fice.
Has he any more right to the office than any
other citizen"!- The office does not belong to the
incumbent, but to the people; and all citizens are
equally eligible. This is the perfection of our re-
publican institutions. "*o one has a fes-sirrp'e
right ia office; and although, as it is stated, Mr.
Hassler has been fifty-six years in office, yet this
gives to him no more right to office than another
individual; and, to permit him to retire, will attach
to him neither disgrace nor criminality.
Mr. Chairman, 1 cannot see that it is absolutely
necessary to the prosecution of this work, that
Mr. Hassler should be continued the superintend-
ent of it. The survey can goon, in my opinion,
belter without him than with him. The work was
commenced m Rhode Island nine or ten years
ago, and is completed not far beyond the Dela-
ware bay. At this rate, it will' be fifty or sixty
years before the whole coast of the United States
is surveyed, and will cost the Government mil-
lions and millions of dollars. Is this economy,
either in time or money"! If this work be of such
great utility to the nation, why delay it for fifty or
sixty years?
The first law authoiizing the survey of the
;oast'of the United States, was passed the 10th of
July, 1807; and the work was almost entirely sus-
pended until 1S3-2, when another act of Congress
was passed on the subject. I have heard of no calam-
ity or disasters visited on commerce during this
long period of twenty-five years'suspension, more
than we experience at present. And, in fact, if
the work were suspended, while we are compelled
to carry on the Government by borrowing money,
it would be justified by three-fourths of the people.
It is said this work is a magnificent effort of sci-
ence and talent, and has excited the admiration of
Europe; and that it is ail honor to the United States
and Mr Hassler. I am proud of this, if we do
not pay too much for the whistle. These great
and scientific works ought, nevertheless, to be kept
within the bounds of moderation and economy.
I am not that barbarian who, as a matter of
course, opposes science and the works of ait. I am
proud that we have men of science and works of
art in our country. They add greatly to the honor
and happiness of the people, and should be sus-
tained, if we can do it on just and equitable prin-
ciples. And, moreover, I am nor opposed to this
work because it is an Atlantic measure. We can-
not, in the inferior of this vast continent, expect a
seacoast, or the Shipping of the ocean to visit us.
We are benefited by foreign commerce, and must
bear our portion of the expenses of it. All I con-
tent! for, Mr. Chairman, is, that these woiks of
national improvement shall be conducted with
economy, and with equality in respect of all the
sections and various interests of the Union.
An act of Congress, passed 14th April, 1814,
confined the appointment of all officers concerned
in this coast survey to the navy. This act was
repealed. I would repeal the rep'aling act, and
confine the appointments to the officers of the army
or navy of the United States.
It is a well-known and deplorable fact, that t!>e
United States sustain, at an enormous expense, the
Military Academy at West Point, for the express
purpose of educating officers for the army. Each
cadet, when he. completes his education, and is
ready to enter the army, costs the Government
six thousand dollars for his education; and, ac-
cording to the report of the Secietary of War of
the 28th January, 1831, there are eighteen cadets
each year, whose education has been completed,
more than there are offices vacant in the army.
Thi;se supernumerary cadets are attached to the
army, and receive pay as officeis.
These are facts which the public records will es-
tablish, to the satisfaction of everyone who will
examine them. The records will also show that
thousands and thousands of the public money have
been expended to sustain the academy at" West
Point, so that scientific and talented officers might
be placed in the command of our armies. The
fi leads of the academy praise and eulogize the in-
stitution for the profound learning and the variety
of useful science which are taught in it. They
claim for the academy the great honor of teaching
the science of mathematics to the greatest perfec-
tion. This is the science, and its accessories, that
are most essentially necessary in 'lie survey of the
coast.
I would, therefore, ask, Mr. Chairman, would
it not be just and right, to require some of these lite-
rary and scientific officers to make the survey of
the coast, ar.d thereby save the amount of money
which is now expended on it under the present sys-
tem"! The friends rf the academy chtre not s~.y
that the opiceis educa'ed in that institution arc in-
competent to trskf the siirveyof the coot. The-n
officeis are intrusted with the destinies of cur
armies. The glory, the honor, ar.d the character
of the army .fare ia "their hands. And can it be said
that such officers are incapable to survey the coast"!
If they are imapable for the performance of
this work, then let no time be lost in extermina-
tmgtlic institution, and in having the least and last
recollection of it eradicated from our minds. The
President, in his late message, proclaims, not only
to this nation, but to all nations, "that- we are ex-
empt from domestic convulsion, and at peace with
all the world;" so that the officers of the army will
ha ye sufficient time and leisure to make the survey—
ar.d particularly those cadets who have been edu-
cated at the public expense, and have no vacant
offices to fill in the army.
We see that the engineer corps of the army are
intrusted with the survey and estimates oi the
greatest public improvements m the nation. They
superintend the work, and why not also superin-
tend the coast survey"! The Government possess
a sufficient supply of instruments and all the ne-
cessary apparatus to execute the survey; so that
the wotk could be carried on with very small ad-
ditional expense.
But, Mr. Chairman, some individuals may con-
sider it inappropiiaie for the officers of the armyto
make the survey, and that the work would fall
more properly into the hands of the officers of the
navy. The Congress of the United Stales in 1814
provided that the officers of the navy should pros-
ecute the woik; and why not levive the same law"?
Will anyone deny the competency of the officers
of the navy to make the survey"! Where are the
naval officers on earth more respected or more
meiitorious, not only for their courage and gal-
lantry m battle, but for their science and literature,
than those of the United States'! Many of these
officers have become aged and experienced in the
science of their profession, and are, therefore, more
compeient, m my opinion, for the accomplishment
of this great national work than any other class of
men. An experienced and scientific officer of the
navy, whose profession has caused him, during a
sreat, portion of Ins life, to observe, with care and
caution, not only the coast and shoals of the United
States, but also many other coasts, is more capa-
ble, in my judgment, ihan "any other person, to
superintend this work. This naval officer must,
ot necessity, be a man of science and literature,
and particularly and profoundly versed in the ma-
thematics and all its various branches. He must,
also, have an intimate acquaintance with ail the
instruments and apparatus necessary to execute a
survey, and must be more competent than any
landsman can he, to sound the coast, ascertain the
shoals, and mark them on the chart. The wise
and the foolish, the learned and the unlearned
would, in my opinion, at once agree that this work
should be conducted by the officers of the navy.
There is a superabundance, and, in fact, a re-
dundancy of these officers ia the pay of the Uni-
ted States, and doing nothing, and "at peace with
all the world:" why not have the services ofsome
of them in the execution of this work"!
Mr. Chairman^ I am justified in the conclusion
that the naval officers are fully competent to super-
intend this work, by the fact "that an officer of the
navy made and executed in a practical, and also in.
a scientific maimer, the survey of Lake Ontario;
and the commerce on the lake has suffered no in-
jury by the work not being properly and scientifi-
cally performed. The chat-is made by the officer
have regulated the navigation of the lake in such
manner, that we hear of no complaints for the
want of a proper and correct survey of the coast.
Therefore, I have no hesitation m saying, that
either the officers of the engineercorps of the army,
or the officers of the navy, are fully competent to
execute the survey of the coast, and make all the
charts that are necessary for the purposes of com-
merce.
This policy being adnnted, a vast sum of money
will be saveo to the public. I received an official
note from Mr. Smith, the register of the treasury,
in which it is slated, that from the year 1808 to
the present time, the sum of £'786,730 28 has
been paid for the survey of the coast.
Mr. Chairman, within a vervshort time, important
and essential changes have taken place in theeoun-
try. Extravagance and speculation have passed
away, and the sober realities of industry and econ-
omy have taken possession of the people. The ex-
cess of a spurious paper circulation has ceased to
exist, and n more pern anent and solid currency
has taken its place. The banks, and tlieir fraudu-
lent promises, were the greatest calamity ever inflict-
ed on the country. They excited the people to
