APPENDIX TO THE CONGKEgSIO^AL GLOBE.
fiec. 1842}
■Z7ru CON<S'"«3B SESS.
Repeal 6f the Bankrupt Law—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
speculation, extravagance, and ruin; and have
themselves, (many of them,) in turn, broke, andbe-
coi#eloaths-'ome nuisances in the community. Noth-
iirg'oii earth is more filthy and disgusting than the
fraudulent remains of a broken bank. The peo-
ple turn from them with the same disgust as they
would from a deadly pestilence; they have left the
banks, and are now depending on God and them-
selves for support. They have turned their minds
and their bodies to industry and economy; and llie
country commences to enjoy that prosperity and
happiness that will always attend virtuous industry
and economy. The habits and pursuits of the peo-
ple have changed; and why not change, also, the
legislation of Congress, to correspond with this pru-
dence and economyl The Government should be
the shadow and image of the people; and, I pre-
sume, it will not be considered any disparagement
of members to say that we are the public servants
of the people, and ought to do their will. Can
any one, no matter how careless he may be of
public opinion, mistake the sentiments of ihe peo-
ple on this subject, and believe that they will
sanction any wild or prodigal appropriation of the
public money"! It is known to all, that the circu-
lation of money, and particularly in the Western
country, is extremely limited; and, of course, the
price of property uncommonly low. All these
considerations will compel the Representatives ol
the! people to reflect on the subject, and force the
expenditures of the public money to the very low-
est point on which the Government can be justly
and properly administered.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am clearly satisfied that the
whole machinery of the Government can be car-
ried on yearly for the sum of eighteen millions of
dollars. Then, in truth, we would have a wise
and economical administration of the Government.
The last years of the Democratic Administrations
of the Government were verging to this sum, al-
though millions were expended011 the Florida war,
whicn is now closed Particularly the army nnd na-
vy should be reduced; and all expenditures curtailed
'in such manner that the appropriationsshoiild not,
under any circumstances, exceed eighteen mil-
lions of dollais
The scanty circulation ol money in the country,
in comparison to the superabundance 111 1830, ami
the important changes in the sentiments and habits
of Ihe people—fiom prodigality and extravaganee
to industry and economy—imperiously demand of
their Representatives a corresponding chouse in
the administration of the Government.
It requires tin effort to reduce the expenditures
of the Govern men!; but snch elliirt and such in-
duction are confidently anticipated by the people.
It is in the. 'louse of Representatives where peo-
ple should expect relief Iron) these extravagant
appropriations of money. The people have more
intimate connexion with the House than any other
department of Government. The Representatives
are elccted every two yeats. and ihoretoie have a
common feeling anil identity with their constitu-
ents. iris not so with the Senate. The Senators
arc elected for six years, and then not by the peo-
ple. Therefore, neither in theory nor iti practice
with the Senate, as far as I have observed them to
act, need the people look to them, as 0 body, for
lelief from extravagance. In fact, the Constitu-
tion, in the first instance, commit* all these money
matters to th'i flouse of Kepi cscnt'tl ivc>; and it is
on them that the rc-ponsiluiitv mainly rest.- in
making these extravagant appropi unions of money.
Mr. Chairman, 1 need only mention the fact,
that, every member, as far as [ understand the sub-
ject, is pledged to his constituents to olr-etve econ-
omy m the expenses of the Government. Tiiis sub-
ject has been the great bone ol contention between
the contending political parties for years past; and
1 take it to be true, that both panics, and the indi-
vidual members of each party, arc i-olemti'v plcd-n d,
before God and man, to observe economy in" all'
things, and to prosecute, wiih zeal and efficiency
every reform and retrenchment in Government
that is proper to be made. Every member of tins
committee can probe his own heart, and see if I
am not reviving in his nund the recollections of the
pledges he made to his consume.its.
Although the sum proposed to be stricken out is
bur small, yet the decision will be important, to test
the disposition ot thic Hoie'e on economy and re-
trenchment.
Mr, Chairman, their is another con-'deration
which has a powerful influence on me in opposing
this appropriation, 1 believe that the good of
the public requires a different location to be given
to it. The officers of the Government may be
required io complete the survey of the coast; and
the money heretofore appropriated for that work
be applied to the improvement of the Western
rivers—or the national road, if you please. I con-
sider it an act of the greatest economy to appro-
priate money for the essential and necessary na-
tional improvements of the country. Suppose, for
the sake of example, that a few thousand dollars
applied to the removing of the snags in the Mis-
sissippi would save millions to the people: would
not this be economy"! Money may be expended
so as to advance the most essential principles of
economy.
I would only mention some of the improvements
that ought not to be neglected any longer. The
completion of the national road to Alton, in the
State of Illinois, would be an improvement of
much more benefit to the public than the survey
of the coast. This great national work has been
commenced by the Government, and the high ex-
pectations raised among the people should be re-
alized by completing the road to Alton.
One other important and essentia! improvement,
is'the purchase, by the Government, of the private
stock in the Louisvillejand Portland canal, in Ken-
tucky, and making it free. There is no improve-
ment on all the length of one thousand miles of
the Ohio river, so essential and necessary as the
free navigation of this canal. Although it is
only three miles in length, yet it is a great na-
tional work. 1 need not inform the members of
this committee of the extent of navigation which
the falls of Ohioobstruct. The great and increas-
ing population in the West, that is interested in
the removal of this obstruction, is greater than
is generally known. All the valley of the Missis-
sippi, amounting to six millions of people, or up-
wards, are more or less directly interested in this
improvement. The importance of this work, and
the interest the people feel in it, ought to attract the
attention of Congress to it, and cause them to pur-
chase the stock, and make the canal free to the pub-
lic.
But, Mr. Chairman, the most important national
work 111 all the West is the improvement of the
Mississippi river. My congressional district bor-
ders on the Mississippi; and that part of the river
which has acquired for itself, by Ihe destruction of
such a number of boats, ihe name of the "boat
grave-yard," u located in my district. So, I con-
sider it my imperious duty to tirge this subject re-
spectfully on the consideration of Congress. And
I have 110 hesitation in saying, that, if Congtess
will give the subject their deliberate consideration,
a large appropriation will be made to remove the
snags from this river.
1 have no doubt there is more wealth floated
on the Mississippi than any other river in the Unt-
ied States; and the commerce is increasing on it
every year. This Will be readily conceded, when
we take into consideration the fertility and extent
of the country which this river and its tributaries
water. The variety of climate, and the extreme
productiveness of the soil, together with the energy
and industry with which this region of country is
cultivated, furnish more surplus for exportation
than any other section of the Union. There were
navigating the Mississippi and its tributaries, in
IrilO, 437 Steamboats; and more than two hundred
millions worth of properly was shipped yearly on
the We-teru wateis.
I pretend nor to enter into the detail of the great
amount of property that is exposed every year,
and everv day, to the uncertainty ofthe navigation
o' these Western waters. It is more than any one
who does not see it, could scarcely believe; and
the losses and destruction of steamboats are also
almost incredible. Although 1 reside not far fiom
the scene of destruction, and hear much 011 the sub-
ject. yet I was astonished to see oil the Mississippi
i< r twenty or thirty miles up from the mouth ol the
Ohio, such numerous hulls and wrecks of the finest
steamboats that navigated the Western waters. 1
saw and heard of such destruction of property, and
saw, myself, the remains of so many ot the mo^r
splendid and costly steamboats, that 1 consider it
my solemn duty to state these facts to the commit-
t^e. And I am confident, if the members of the com-
mittee had seen tins ruin and loss of property, as I
did. that they would not hesitate one moment to
make a liberal appropriation to improve the river.
Mr. Chan man, 1 will exhibit a .statement of
factc, which I have no doubt are correct. Even
this short epitome of cases will give some faint
idea of the realities:
''Western navigation.—The following facia for the consid-
eration of Congiess are furnished in a report, made by a com-
mittee at a public meeting in St. Louis, in the nature of a me-
morial to Congress: The number of steamboats sunk in tho
Mississippi and Missouri rivers, in the year 1839, was forty; in
1840, forty-one; in 1811, iwenty-nine; and in the present year,
twenty eight. The aggregate value of these boais and their
cargoes was $3,540,000; and, in addition, the repairs of damages
bysnasrs, where the boats have not been sunk, have averaged
840,000 per year. Between the 11 th of September and 13th of
October, (les-sthan five weeks,) eight fine boats, "With their car-
goes, were sunk between St Louis and the mouth of the Oh.o.
The a-eregate of the toss tiy the sinkinff of these eight boats
was $234,000."
"Steamboat disasters.--'The steamboat Saratoga wassunk
in the Mississippi last week. Passengers and baffgage saved;
boat and cargo tost. Tne Pattick Henry was shagged near
Memphis—no lives tost. The Hoston was also snagged near
the same p'are, and much of her cargo tost—about 310.000
worth. The Fame stove. The Scioto Beffe snagged and much
injured. The steamboat Rialto was snagged about thirty miles
trom Little Rock, and sunk; boat lost, and cargo much dam-
aged."
I would ask any man, had these losses of boats and
property, to the amount of $3,540,000 within four
years, occurred on the Hudson river, between.
New York and Albany, if the forty Representa-
tives of the Empire State would not have had ap-
propriation after appropriation to improve the
Hudson'? The j'ustice and propriety of the im-
provement are the same, whether in the Hudson or
the Mississippi; and, if any difference, it is more
just to improve the Mississippi, because there is
more commerce on it than on the Hudson. The
people in the city of New York, who were injured
by a fire m 1836, were relieved by Congress; and
why not relieve the people of the Mississippi val-
ley from these losses, as well as in other sections
of the Union"?
I would compare the necessity and utility of the
improvement of the Mississippi to the Hassler sur-
vey ol the coast. No one says there would be any
loss of property or life incurred by the delay for
awhile to survey the eoast; and it will not, under
the Hassler administration, be completed in lessthan.
fifty or sixty years; so that several generations will
pass away before the country will experience the
full benefit of the work. The Mississippi, of all
Ihe rivers in the Union, is the easiest improved.
A small sum will remove almost all Ihe snags
which have caused the losses, and iniprove*
upper and lower rapids on that river.
Mr. Chairman, my conclusion is, that, on the strict-
est principles of economy, the appropriation for the
survey ofthe coast should be applied for the im-
provements in the West, and the officers of the
Government should prosecute the survey of the
coast without expense to the nation.
Note.—The appropriation was stricken out.
SPEECH OF MR. PAYNE,
OF ALABAMA.
hi the Home of Representatives, December 20, 1842—
On the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
The bill to repeal the bankrupt law being under
consideration—
Mr. PAYNE,of Alabama, rose and said'
Mr. Speaker: When the bill establishing a
uniform system of bankruptcy was under considera-
tion, I had strong objections to the passage of the
measure. As I was prevented from stating those
objections to the House and to the country then I
avail myself of the opportunity afforded to do so
now.
One, objection, which operated upon my mind,
was the retroactive feattne of that law. Had it been
prospective in its operation, and conformable in
othe. respects to the Constitution, it would have
leceived my support; nor would 1 now oppose a
permanent system of bankruptcy freed from ihe
odious objections to which the present one is liable*
i hat a bankrupt law, freed from those objections,
could not have passed then, we all know; conse-
quently; we were forced to vote upon the law as
it now is, with all jis imperfections. i believed
then, ond 1 believe now, that Congress has not
the power to pass any law which is retrospective
in its operation. Tsvor will it be pretended that it
belongs to the legitimate powers of this Government
to pass a law imp&iring-the obligation of contracts:
yet, this famous bankrupt law was retrospective in
its operations, and did impair the obligation of
contiaots by releasing the debtor from the payment
ol his dehis without the consent of his creditor.
Another objection whrch I had io the law.
