60
APPENDIX TO TELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August; 18421
' 'Qono*'--3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
ejxjfeef," iri_t succeeded in adjusting the difficulty,
if. wtiiiiii ,t>6 (a? it has been) on & compEomise i&V.
ifetWitirstandihg, whien it • -was ■ announced
tliat'Hite' ime agreed on included a considera'bie
pdrtlbh of theterritory lying to the west of the line
a\Va'rded by the King of Holland, he was iticredu-
ldjffi, aid expressed himself strongly against it.
Hisrfirst itripression was, perhaps, the more strongly
against it, from the fact that he had fixed on the
rl\reti St; John, from the mouth of Eel river, taking
the St. Francis branch (the one selected by the
King of Holland) as the natural and proper com-
promise boundary, including in our limits all the
portion' of the disputed territory lying north of Eel
river, and west and south of the St. John, above its
junction; and all the other within that of Great
Britain. On a little reflection, however, he re-
solved not to form his opinion of the merits or de-
merits-of the treatyon rumor or imperfect informa-
tion";, but to wait until the whole subject was
brought before the Senate officially, and then to
make it up on full knowledge of all the facts and
circumstances after deliberate and mature reflec-
tion;, and that he had done with the utmost care
and impartiality. What he now proposed was, to
giye the result, with the reasons on which it rests,
atid which would govern his vote on the ratiii-
catipn.
He still believed that the boundary which he had
fixed in his own mind, was the natural and proper
on?; hut, as that could not be obtained, the ques-
tion for them to decide was, Are the objections to the
boundary as actually agreed on, and the stipula-
tions connected with it, such as ought to cause
its rejection'! In deciding it, it must be borne in
mind that, as far as this portion of the boundary is
concerned, it is a question belonging much more to
the State of Maine than to the Union. It is, in
truth, but the boundary of that State; and it makes
a part of the boundary of the United States, only
by being the exterior boundary of one of the States
of our Federal Union. It is her sovereignty and
soil that are in dispute, except the portion of the
latter that still remains in Massachusetts; and it
belongs in the first place to her, and to Massachusetts,
as far as her right of soil is involved, to say what
their rights and'interests are, and what is required
tp be done. The rest of the Union is bound to de-
fend them in their just claim; and to assent to what
ihey may be willing to assent to in settling the
claim in contest, if there should be nothing in it
inconsistent with the interest, honor, or safety of
the rest of the Union. It is so that the controversy
has «ver been regarded. It is well known that
President Jackson would readily have agreed to
the award of the King of Holland, had not Maine
objected: and that to overcome her objection, he was
prepared to recommend to Congress to give her in
order to get her consent, one million of acres of'the
public domain, worth, at the minimum price, a
million and a quarter of dollars. The case is now
reversed. Maine and Massachusetts have both as-
sented totheslipulaiions of the treaty, as far as the
question of the boundary affects their peculiar in-
terest, through commissioners vested with full pow-
ers to represent them; and the question for us to
decide is, Shall we reject that to wluch they have
assented1! Shall the Government, after refusing
to i^g'rea to the award of the King of Holland be^
causeTNJaine objected, now reverse its course, 'and
refuse tbagree to thai lo which she and Massachu-
setts have both assented? There ma}', indeed be
reasons strong enough to authorize such a course-
but they must be such as will go to prove that we
cannot give our assent consistently with the inter-
ests, I he honor, or the safety of the Union. That
has not been done; and, he would add, if theie be
any such, he has not been able to detect them.
It has, indeed, been said that the assent of Maine
was coerced. She certainly desned to obtain a
more lavorable boundaiy; but when the alterna-
tive was presented of another reference to arbi-
tiation, she waived her objection, as far as she was
individually concerned, rather than incur the rWr
delay, uncertainty and vexation of another «.uh-'
mission ot her claims to arbitration; and left it
to the Senate, the constituted authority appointed
for the purpose, to decide on the general merits of
tne treaty, as it relates to the whole Union. In so
doing, she has, in his opinion, acted wisely and
patriotically—wisely for herself, and patriotically m
reference to the rest of the Union. She has not
got, indeed, all she desired; and has even lost ter-
ritory,^ the treaty be compared to the award of
the King of Holland; but, as an offset, that which
, she has lost is of little value, while that which she re-
; tainS has been greatly increased in value by the
stipulations contained in the treaty. The whole
" amount lost, is about half a million of acres. _ It
lies along the eastern slope of the highlands, skirt-
ing the St. Lawrence to the east, and is acknowl-
edged to be of little value for soil, timber, or any-
thing else—a sterile region, in a severe inhospita-
ble clime. Against that loss, she has acquired the
right to navigate the river St. John; and that, not
only to float down the timber on its banks, but all
the productions of the extensive, well-timbered,
and, taken as a whole, not a sterile portion of
the State that lies on her side of the bosom of that
river and its tributaries. But that is not all. She
also gains what is vastly more valuable—the
right to ship them on the same terms as colonial
productions to Great Britain and her colonial pos-
sessions. These great and important advantages
will probably double the value of that extensive
region, and make it one of the most populous and
flourishing portions of the State. Estimated by a
mere moneyed standard, these advantages are
worth, he would suppose, all the rest of the ter-
ritory claimed by Maine without them. If to this
be added the sum of about $200,000 to be paid her
for the expense of defending the territory, and
$300,000 to herand Massachusetts in equal moieties,
in consequence of their assent to the boundary,
and the equivalents received, it must be apparent
that Maine has not made a bad exchange in ac-
cepting the treaty, as compared with the award, as
far as her separate interest is concerned. But be
that as it may, she is the rightful judge of her own
interests; and her assent is a sufficient ground for
our assent, provided that to which she has assented
does not involve too great a sacrifice on the part of
the restolthe Union,northeirhonororsafety. Sofar
from that, as farasthe rest of the Union is concern-
ed, the sacrifice is small, and the gain great. They
are under solemn constitutional obligations to de-
fend Maine, as one of the members of the Union,
against invasion; and to protect her territory, cost
what it may, and at every hazard. The power,
claiming what she contended to be hers, is onp of the
greatest, if not the greatest, on earth. The dispute
is of long standing, and of a character difficult lo
be adjusted; and, however clear the right of Maine
may be regarded in the abstract, it has been made
doubtful, in consequence of admissions, for which
the Government of the Union is responsible. To ter-
minate such a controversy, with the assent of the
party immediately interested, bv paying the small
sum of half a million—of which a large part (say
$200,000) is unquestionably due tol Maine, and
would have to be paid to her without the treaty—
is, indeed, a small sacrifice; a fortunate deliver-
ance. President Jackson was willing to allow her
as has been stated, more than twice as much for her
assent to the award; and, in doing so, he showed
his wisdom, whatever might have been thought of
it at the time. Those, at least, who opposed the
treaty, will not charge him with being willing to
sacrifice the interest and honor of the Union, in ma-
king theoffer; and yet the charge which they make
against this portion of the treaty, does, by im-
plication, subject what he was ready to do to a sim-
ilar one.
But it is said that the territory which England
would acquire beyond the boundary of the awarded
line would greatly strengthen her frontier, and
weaken ours; and would thereby endanger the
safety of the countrv in that quarter. He did not
piofcss lobe deeply versed in military science; but
according to his conception, there was no founda-
tion for the objection. It was, if he did not mistake
the very last point on our whole frontier, from
the mouth of the St. Croix to the outlet of Lake
superior, on which an expedition would be organ-
ized on either side to attack the possessions of the
other. In a military point of view, our loss is as
nothing m that quarter; while in another and a
much more important quarter, our gain by the
treaty is great, in the same point of view. He re^
ifrr , l2, !,lnt provision by which we acquire
Rouses Point at the northern extremity of Lake
Onamplain. It is among the most important mili-
tary positions on the whole line of our eastern and
northern frontier, whether it be regarded in refer-
ence to offensive or defensive operations. He well
remembered the deep sensation caused among mili-
ary men in consequence of its loss; and he would
leave ihe_ question of loss or gain, in a military
point of view, (taking the two together,) to their de-
cision, without the least doubt what it would be.
But if it should be thought by any one that these
considerations, as conclusive as they seemed to be,
were not sufficient to justify the ratification of this
portion of the treaty, there were others, which ap-
peared to him to be perfectly conclusive. He
referred to the condition in which we would be
left, if the treaty should be rejected. He would
ask—-if, after having agreed at Ghent to refer the
subject to arbitration, and, after having refused to
agree to the award made under that reference, by an
arbitrator of our own selection, we should now re-
ject this treaty, negotiated by our own Secretary of
State, under our own eyes, and which had pre-
viously received the assent of the States immedi-
ately interested—whether there would be the slight-
est prospect that another equally favorable would
ever be obtained'! On the contrary, 'would we not
stand in a far worse condition than ever, in refer-
ence to our claim"! Would itnot, indeed, be almost
certain that we should lose the whole of the basin
of the St. John, and Great Britain gain all for
which she ever contended, strengthened as she
would be by the disclosures made during this dis-
eussionl* He was far from asserting that the facts
'The following extract from the speech of Mr. Rives, the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations, will show
what the disclosures were:
It appears to the committee, therefore, in looking back to
the public and solemn acts of the Government, and ofits suc-
cessive administrations, that the tune has passed, if it ever ex-
isted, when we could be justified in making the precise line of
boundaiy claimed by us tliet-ubj^ct of a sine yuanon of negotia-
tion, or o( the nUimno ratio—of an assertion by force. Did a
second arbitration, then, afford ihepiospect (.fa more satisfac-
tory result? This expedient seemed to be equally rejected by
all parties—by the United States, by Great Biitain, and by the
Stateof Maine. If such an alternative should be contemplated
by any one as pieferable to the arrangement which had been
made, it is fit to bear in mind the li&kund uncv taznty, as well
as the inevitable delay and expense, incident lo that mode of
decision. We have already seen, in the instance of the arbitra-
tion by the King of the Netherlands, how much weight atribu-
nal ofthatsort is inclined to give to the argument of conve'
nience, and a supposed intention on the part of ihe negotiators
of the treaty of 1783, against the literal and positive terms em-
ployed by the instrument in its description of limits. Is there
no danger, m the event of another arbitration, that a farther re-
seaich into the public archives of Europe might bring to light
some embarrassing (even though apocrypha!) document, lo
throw a new *hade of plausible" doubt on the clearness of our
title, m the view of a sovereign arbiter? Such a document has
already been communicated to the committee; and I feel it
(said Mr. R.) to be my duty to lay it before the Senate, that
they may fully appreciate its bearings, and determine for them-
selves the weight and importance which belong to it. It is
due to the learned and distinguished gentleman, (Mr. Jared
Sparks of Boston,) by whom the document referred to was
discovered in the archives of France, while pursuing her la-
borious and intelligent researches connected with the history
of our own counuy, that the account of it thould be given in
his own words, as contained in a communication addressed by
him to the Depaitmentof State. I proceed, therefore, to read
from that communication:
"While pursuing my researches among the voluminous pa-
persrelating to the American Revolution in the Archives des
AffairesEti angeres in Paris, I found in one of the bound
volumes an original letter from Dr. Franklin to Count de Ver-
gennes, of which the following is an extract transcript:
"Passy, December 6,1782.
"tern. 1 have the honor of returning herewith the map your
Excellency sert me yesterday. I have marked with a stron® red
line, according to your desire, the limits of the United States,
as settled in the preliminaries between the British and American
plenipotentiaries.
"With ereat reaped, i am, &c.,
"B.FRANKIJN."
"This letter was written six daysafter the preliminaries were
signed; and if wc could procure the identical map mentioned
by Franklin, it would seem to afford conclusive evidence as to
the meaning affixed by the commissioners to the language of
the treaty on the subject of the boundaries, i'ou may welllsup-
pose ihdt I lost no time in making inquiry for the map, not
doubting that it would confirm all my previous opinions re-
specting the validity of our claim. In the geographical de-
partment of the Aichivcs aie sixty t! ousand maps and charts
but so well ananged wnh catalogues and indexes, that any one
of them may be easily fomuL After a little reseatch in the
American division, with the aid of the keeper, I rame upon a
map of North Amenca, by D'Ai.viIlc, dated 1746, in size
about eighteen inches ^qiare, on which was drawn* shone
red line throughout the rniire boundary of ihe United States
answering precisely to Fiankim's description. The line is
bold and distinct in eveiy pait, made with red ink, andappaient-
ly drawn with a hair pencil, or ? p<?n with a blurt' point There
is no other coloring on any part of the map.
'-Imagine my surprise on discovering that this line runs who].
!y south of the St John, and between the head waiersofthat
river and those of the Penohscot and Kennebec In shoit it is
exactly the line now contended for by Gieat Britain, except
that it'-opcodes more than is dunned. The north line, afiei dc«
parting from the sourceof the St Croix, instead of pioceding
to Mars hill, stops/ar short of that point, and turns off to the
west so as to leave on the British side all the streams which
im"' tt n r hn' betwef,n the source of the St. Croix-
and Mars Hill. Jt is evident that the line, from the St Cioix to
the Canadian highlands, is intended to exclude all the waters
running into the St. John. outers
"There i* no positive proof that this map is actually the one
marked by Franklin; yet, upon any other supposition, it would
be f ifficulr to explain the circumstances of its agreeing so per*
fectly with his description, and of iis being pieyerved in the
place where it would naturally be deposited by Count de Ve$,
