52
Sfru Comg-">3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The British Treaty—Mr. Calhoun. 
August, 1842.
Senate.
selves. Thus situated, he must say that he saw
no alternative for us but the one adopted—to take
the supervision of our own trade on that coast into
our own hands, and to prevent,by our own cruisers,
the fraudulent use of our flag. The only question,
in the aetual state of things, as it appeared to him,
■was, whether it should be done by a formal or in-
formal arrangement He would have preferred
the latter; but the difference beWeen them was not,
in his opinion, such as would justify, on that ac-
count, the rejection of the treaty, "fhey would, in
substance, be the same, and have differed but little,
probably, it\ the expense of execution. Either was
better than the other alternatives—to do nothing-, to
leave things in the dangerous state they stood; or to
yield to the right of search or visitation.
It is objected that the arrangement entered inlo
is virtually an acknowledgment of the right of
search. He did not so regard it. On the contrary,
be considered it, under all the circumstances, as a
surrender of that claim on the part of Great
Britain; a conclusion, which a review of the
whole transaction, in his opinion, would justify.
Lord Palmerston, in the first place, claimed
the unqualified right of search, in which it is
understood he was backed by the five great pow-
ers. Lord Aberdeen, -with more wisdom and
moderation, explained it to mean the right of
visitation simply; and, finally-, the negotiation is
closed without reference to either, stmply with
a stipulation between the parties to keep up for
five years a squadron of not less than eighty
guns on the coast of Africa, to enforce separately
and respectively the laws and obligations of each
of the countries for the suppression of the slave-
trade. It is carefully worded, to make it mutual,
but at the same time separate and independent;
each looking to the execution of its own laws and
obligations, and carefully excluding the super-
vision of either over the over, and thereby directly
rebutting the object of search or visitation.
The otherarticle, in reference lo the same subject,
stipulates that the parties will unite in all becoming
representation and remonstrance, with any powers,
within whose dominions markets are permiited
for imported African slaves. If he were to
permit "his feelings to govern him exclusively'
he would object to this more strongly than
,auy other provision in the treaty;—not that he was
opposed to the object or the policy of closing the
market to impoited negroes; on the contrary, he
thought it both nght and expedient 111 every view.
Brazil and the Spanish colonies were the only
markets, ho believed, still remaining open,; and
to which this provision would apply. They were
already abundantly supplied with slaves, and he
had no doubt that sound policy on their part re-
quired that their markets should be finally and ef-
fectually closed. He would go farther, and sav,
that it was our interest they should be. It would
free us from the necessity of keeping cruisers on
the'Aftiean coast, to preventthe illegal and fraudu-
lent use of our flag, or for any other purpose but
to protect our commerce in that quarter—a thing of
itself much to be desired. We would have a still
stronger interest, if we were governed by selfish
considerations. We are rivals in the production of
several articles and more especially the greatest
of all the agricultural staples—cotton. Next to
oar own country, "Brazil possesses the greatest ad-
vantages for its production, and is already a large
grower of the aiticle; towards (lie production of
which, the continuance of the market for im-
ported slaves from Afru.a would contribute much.
But he would not permit such considerations to 111-
lhience him in voting on the treaty. He had no
objection to see Brazil develop her"resources to the
full; but he did believe that higher considerations,
connected with her safety, and that of the Spanish
colonies, made it theii interest that their market
should be closed against the traffic.
But it may be asked, why, with these impres-
sions, should he have any objection to this provi-
sion of the treaty? It was, because he was averse
to interfering wuh other powers, when it could be
avoided. It extends even to eases like the present,
where there was a common inlerest in reference to
the subject of advice or remonstrance; but it would
be carrying his aversion to fastidiousness, were he
to permit it to overrule his vote in the adjustment
of questions of such magnitude as are involved
on the present occasion.
But the treaty is opposed, not only for what it
contains, but also for what it does not- and, among
other objections of the kind, because it has no-pro"-
vision in reference to the case of the Creole, and
other similar ones. ' He admitted that it is an ob-
jection; and that it was very desirable that the treaty
should have guarded, by specific and efficient pro-
visions, against the recurrence of such outrages on
the rights of our citizens, and indignity to our hon-
or and independence. If any one has a right to
speak warmly on this subject, he was the individual;
but he could not forget that the question for us to
decide is, Shall we ratify or reject the treaty? It is
not whether all has been done which it was desira-
ble should be done, but whether we shall confirm
or reject what has actually been done; not whether
we have gained all we could desire, but whether
we shall retain what we have gained. To decide
that as it ought to be, it is our duty to weigh, calmly
and fairly, the reasons for and against the ratifica-
tion, and to decide in iavor of the side which pre-
ponderates.
It does not follow that nothing has been done in
relation to the cases under consideration, because
the treaty contains no provisions in reference to
them. The fact is otherwise. Much, very much,
has been done;—in his opinion,little short, in its ef-
fect, of a positive stipulation by the treaty to guard
against the recurrence of such cases hereafter. To
understand how much has been done, and what has
been gained by us, it is necessary to have a correct
conception of the .state of the case in reference to
them, before the negotiation commenced, and since
it terminated.
These cases are not of recent origin. The first
of the kind was that of the brig Comet, which was
stranded on the false keys of the Bahamas, as far
back as 1830, with slaves on board. She was taken
intoNassau, New Providence, by the wreckers, and
the slaves liberated by the colonial authorities.
The next was the Encomium, which occurred in
1834, and which, in all the material circumstances,
was every way similar to that of the Comet. The
case of the Enterprise followed. It took place in
1835, and differed in no material circumstance
from the others, as was acknowledged by the Brit-
ish Government, except that it occurred after the
act of Parliament abolishing slavery in the colo-
nies had gone into operation, and the others prior
to that period.
After a long correspondence of nearly ten years,
the British Government agreed to pay for the slaves
on board of the two first, on the ground that they
were liberated before the act abolishing slavery
had gone into operation; but refused to pay for
those belonging to the Enterprise, because they
weie liberated after it had. To justify this dis-
tinction, Lord Palmerston had to assume the
ground, virtually, that the law ot nations was
opposed to slavery—an assumption that placed
the property of a third ofthe Union without the pale
of its protection. On that ground, he peremptorily
refused compensation for the slaves on board the
Enterprise. Our Executive, under this refusal, ac-
cepted the compensation for those on board the
Comet and Encomium, and closed the correspond-
ence, without even bringing the subject before
Congress. With such perfect indifference was
the whole affair treated, that, during the long
period the negotiation was pending, the subject
was never once mentioned, as far as he recol-
lected, in any Executive message; while those
of far less magnitude—the debt of a few millions
due from France, and this very boundary ques-
tion—were constantly brought before Congress,
and had nearly involved the country in war with two
of the leadingpowers of Europe. Those who are
now so shocked that the boundary question should
be settled, without a settlement "also of this, stood
bv in silence, year after year, during this long pe-
riod, not only without attempting to unite the set-
tlement of this with that of the boundary, but with-
out ever once naming or alluding to it as an item
in the list of the dispute between the two powers.
It was regarded as beneath notice. He rejoiced to
witness the great change that has taken place in
relation to it; and to find that those who were then
silent and indifferent, now exhibit so much zeal and
vehemence about it. He took credit to himself for
having contributed to bring this change about. It
was he who revived our claim when it lay dead
and buried among the archives of the State Depart-
ment—who called for the correspondence—who
moved resolutions affirming the principles of the
law of nations in reference to these cases, and re-
pelling the presumptuous and insulting assumption
on which it was denied by the British negotiator.
Such was the force of truth, and so solid the foun-
dation on which he rested our claim, that his reso-
lutions received the unanimous vote of this body;
but he received no support—no, not a cheering
word—from the quarter which now professes so
much zeal on the subject. His utmost hope at the
time was to keep alive our right, till some propi-
tious moment should arrive to assert it successfully.
In the mean time, the case of the Creole occurred,
which, as shocking and outrageous as it is, was but
the legitimate consequence of the principle main-
tained by Lord Palmerston, and on which tie closed
the correspondence in the case of the Enterprise.
Such was the state of the facts when the negotia-
tion commenced in reference to these cases; and it
remains now to be shown in what state it has left
them. In the first-place, the broad principles of the
law of nations, on which he placed our right in his
resolutions,have been clearly stated and conclusively
vindicated in the very able letter of the Secretary
of State, which has strengthened our cause not a
little, as well from its intrinsic merit as the quarter
from which it comes. In the next place, we have
an explicit recognition of the principles for which
we contend, in the answer of Lord Ashburton, who
expressly says that, "on the great general princi-
ples affecting this case," (the Creole,) "they do not
differ;" and that is followed by "an engage-
ment that instructions shall be given to the Gov-
ernors of her Majesty's colonies on the south-
ern borders of the United States, to execute their
own laws with careful attention to the wishes of
their Government to maintain good neighborhood;
and that there shall be no officious interference
with American vessels driven by accident or vio-
lence into their ports. The laws and duties of hos-
pitality shall be executed." This pledge was ac-
cepted by our Executive, accompanied by the express
declaration of the President, through the Secretary
of State, that he places his reliance on those prin-
ciples of public law which had been stated in the
note of the Secretary of State. To all this it may
be added, that strong assurances are given, by the
British negotiator, of his belief that a final arrange-
ment may be made of the subject by positive stipu-
lations in London. Such is the state in which the
negotiation has left the subject.
Here, again, he would repeat, that such stipula-
tions in the treaty itself would have been prefera-
ble. But who can deny, when he compares the
state of the facts, as they stood before and since the
close of this negotiation, that we have gained—
largely gained—in reference to this important sub-
ject? Is there no difference, he would ask, between
a stern and peremptory denial of our right, on
the broad and insulting ground assumed by Lord
Palmerston, and its explicit recognition by Lord
Ashburton?—none in the pledge that instructions
should be given to guard against the recurrence
of such cases; to a positive denial that we had suf-
fered wrong or insult, and had any right to
complain?—none between a final closing of all
negotiation, and a strong assurance of a final
adjustment of the subject by satisfactory ar-
rangement by treaty? And would it be wise or
prudent on our part to reject what has been gained,
because all has not been? As to himself, he must
say, that, at the time he moved his resolutions, he
little hoped, in the short space of two years, to ob-
tain what has already been gained; and that he re-
garded the prospect of a final and satisfactory ad-
justment, at no distant day, of this subject, so vital
in its principles to his constituents and the whole
South, as far more probable than he then did this
explicit recognition of the principles for which
he contended. In the mean time, he felt assured
the engagement given bv the British negotiator
would be fulfilled in good faith; and that the hazard
of collision between the countries, and the dis-
turbance of their peace and friendship, has passed
away, as far as it depends on this dangerous sub-
ject. But if in this he should unfortunately be
mistaken, we should stand on much more solid
ground in defence of our rights, in consequence
of what has been gained; as there would then be
superadded broken faith to the violation of the
laws of nations.
Havingnow said what he intended on the more
important points, he would pass over, without
dwelling on the provision of the treaty for de-
livering up to justice persons charged with cer-
tain crimes; the affair of the Caroline; and the
correspondence in reference to impressment The
first is substantially the same as that contained in
Jay's treaty on the same subject. On the next, he
had nothing to add to what has already been
