August, I84 j,
: .r?1'
APPENDIX To THE CoNGft&SSttiNA-L GLOB®.
27TH :COMG*** 3D SRSS.
The British Treaty—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
mediately interested in the controversy. Not ex-
actly so. Massachusetts, owning a moiety of the
acres surrendered, is satisfied with the price to be
Eaid for those acres; bui the commissioners of
laine, now abandoned by her co-proprietor of the
soil, and by the General Government, which is
bound to protect her rights, are left to the grave
consideration of the terms proposed by our own
Government, under the assurance that do belter, and,
perhaps, no other occasion for settling the boundary
by agreement is ever likely to present itself; and
with the conviction that no more advantageous ar-
rangement can be made. In this condition of things,
I pray you to hear these commissioners.
The Maine Commissioners to Mr. Wthstcr.
Washington, July 22, 1842.
Sir: The undersigned, commissioners of ihe State of Maine
on the subject of the Noitheastero boundary, have the honor to
acknowledge the receipt of your note, addressed to them, under
date of the lOch instant, with enclosures therein referred to.
The proposition first submitted by the special minister ofGreat
Britain, on the subject of the boundary, having been disagreed
to; and the proposition made on the part of the United States,
with the assent of the commissioners of Maine and Massachu-
setts, having been rejected as inadmissible, coupled with an ex-
pression of surprise that it should have been made; and Loid
Ashburton, m the same communication, having intimated a
preference for confeience rather than correspondence, and hav-
ing omitted m bis note to make arty new proposition, except a
qualified withdrawal of a part of his former one,—we learn
from your note that you "have had full and frequent confer-
ences with him respecting the Northeastern boundary," and
that you "believe you understand what is practicable to be done
on that subject, so far as he (Lord Ashburton) i« concerned."
We also learn that, "m these conferences, he has made no pos-
itive or binding proposition—thinking, perhaps, it would be
mrie desirable, under present circumstances, that such a prop-
osition should proceed from the side of the United States;'' but
that you have leason to believe that he would agree to a line of
boundary such as is described in the paper accompanying your
note, (mat ked B;) and, also, that yon entertain the conviction
"that no more advantageous arrangement can be made;" and,
wi'h this conviction, you refer the subject to the grave delibera-
tion ol the commissioners.
Regarding this as substantially a proposition on the part of
the United States, with the knowledge and assent of Gieat But-
ain, and as the one most favoiable to us which, under any cir-
cumstances, the latter Government would either offeror ac-
cept, the undersigned have not failed to bestow upon it the
grave deliberation and consideration which its nature and im-
portance, and their own responsible position, demand. If the
result of that deliberation should not fully justify the expiessed
hopes, or meet the expectations and views of the Government
of the United States, we beg you to be assured that such fail-
ure will be the result of their firm convictions of duty to
the State they represent, and will not arise from any want of ah
anxious desire, on their part, to bring the controversy to an
amicable, just, and honorable termination. In coming to this
consideration, they have not been unmindful that the State of
Maine, with the firmest conviction of her absolute right to the
whole territory drawn into controversy; and sustained, as she
lias been, by the unanimous concurrence of her sister States,
and of the Government of the Union, repeatedly expressed and
cordially given, and without a wavering doubt as to the perfect
practicability of marking the treaty tine upon the face of the
earth,according to her claim,—has yet, at all times, manifested a
spirit of foibearance and patience under whatshe could not but
deem unfounded pretensions, and unwarrantable delays, and ir-
ritating encroachments. In the midst ol alt the provocations to
resistance,and to the assertion and maintenance ofher extienio
rights, she has never forgotten that she is a member of the
Union; and she has endeavored to deserve the respect, sym-
pathy, and co operation of her sister States?, by pursuing a
course equally removed from pusillanimity and rashness, and
by maintaining hei difficult position in <i spirit that would foi-
bear much f r peace, but would yield nothing through fear. At
all limes, and under all circumstances, she has been ready and
anxious to bring the controversy to a close upon terms honor-
able and equitable, and to unite m any propei scheme to ef-
fect that object. In this spitit, and with these convictions,
Maine instantly and cheerfully acceded to the proposal of the
General Government, made through you, to appoint commis-
sioner
That no obstacle might be interposed to the successful issue
ofthis negotiation, herLegislatute gave to her commissioners
ample and unlimit< d powers, which, but for the presumed ne-
cessity of the ca*e, her people would be slow to yield to any
functionaries, tier commissioners, thus appointed and thus
empowered, assumed the duties imposed upon them m the
spiiit and wuh the views of the Government and people of
Maine. They came to the negotiation with a firm conviction of
her rights, but with a disposition and determination to meet a
conventional line in a similar spirit, and to yield, for any reas-
onable equivalent, alt that they presumed would be asked or
desired by the other party. They, with the other citizens of
Maine, weie not unapprised of the fact so often alluded to m
our former commun-cations—that England had long been anx-
ious to obtain the undisputed possession of that poiuonofthe
territory which would enable her to main am a direct and un-
interrupted communication between her provinces. So far as
they could learn from any source, this was the only processed
object she had m view, and the only one which had been re-
garded a* m contemplation.
With this understanding, the undersigned at once decided t©
yield, upon the most liberal terms, this long sought convenience;
and they indulged the confident expectauon (hat such a con-
cession would a' once meet all the wants and wishes of the
English Government, and bring the mission to a speedy and
satisfactory (dose. When, therefore, we were met at the outset
by a proposition which required the cession on our part of ail
the territory north of the St. John river, and enough of the
territory on the south side to include the Madawaska settle-
ment, extending at least fifty miles up that liver, with no other
equivalents to us than the limited light to float timber down
that river, and to the United States the small tiacts adjacent to
the 45th parallel of latitude in other States, we could not but
express our regret to be thus, as H were, repelled But, regard-
ing this rather as the extreme limit of a claim, subject, not-
withstanding the strong language of Lord Ashburton, to be re-
strained and limited, we deemed it proper, in our communica-
tion of the 16th instant, after declining to accede to the propo-
sition. in conjunction with the commissioners of Massachusetts,
to point out and offer a conventional line of boundary as
therein specified. In fixing on this line, we were mainly anx-
ious to select such a one as should at once and pre-eminently
give to Great Britain all that was necessary for her understood
object, and to preserve to Maine the remainder of her teiritory.
To accomplish this object, we departed from the river to se-
cure the unobstructed use of the accustomed way from Que-
bec to Halifax. We are not aware that any objection has then
made fiom any quarter to this line, as not giving up to CJivat
Britain all that she needed, oi could reasonably ask, for the
above purpose. And although Lord Ashburton did not deem
it nt-cessary to "examine the line (proposed) in its precise de-
tails," or to look at a map on which it could most readily be
tmced, and although he has seen fit to say that he was "quite
at a loss to account for such a proposal," yet he has not inti-
mated that the line suggested fails, in any respect, to meet the
object we had in view, and which we frankly and readiiy
avowed.
It is well known to you, sir, that we had determined upon no
such inflexible adherence to that exact demarcation as would
have prevented us from changing it, upon any reasonable evi-
dence that it did not, in everyrespect, meet the requirements of
the abovestated proposition m relation to a perfect line of com-
munication. But believing then, as we do now, that it did thus
meet all these requirements; and although it was, as we feel
bound to say, the general and confident expectation of the peo-
ple of Maine, that any relinquishment on our part of jurisdiction
and territory would be, inpart at least, compensated fiom that
strip of contiguous territory on the west bank of the St. John;
yet, when we were solemnly assured that no such cession could
be ma.de under his Lurdship'sinstructrons, we forebore to press
for this reasonable and just exchange, and contented ourselves
with accepting the limited right of navigation of the river, as the
only equivalent from Great Britain for the territory and juris-
diction we offered to surrender; and, as you will remark, we of-
fered not merely a right of way on land, for a similar easement
on the water, but the enure and absolute title to the land and
jurisdiction of the large tract north and east of the line specified.
It cannot be denied that it preserves to us a frontier in a forest
almost impenetrable on the north, which would defend itself by
its own natural character; and that, if anything should be deduct-
ed from the agricultural value of that portion beyond the Mada-
waska settlements, on accoufitof its ruggedness and its want of
attraction to settlers, much may justly be added to its value as a
boundaiy between the two nations.
The value of this tract to Great Britain, both in a civil and
military point of view, cannot be overlooked. It gives her the
much-coveted toute for the movement of troops in war, and
her mail9 and passengers in peace; and is most particularly
important in case of renewed outbreaks in her North American
colonies. The assumption of jurisdiction in the Madawaska
settlement, and the pertinacity with which it has been main-
tained, are practical evidence of the value attached to the tract
by the Government of her Britannic Majesty.
We have alluded to these views of the value and importance
of this territory, not with any design of expressing our regiet
that w« have thus offered it; but to show that we are fully aware
of all these views and circumstances affecting the question, and
that we duly appreciate the far-seeing sagacity and prudence of
those Bi itish statesmen who so early at empted to secure it as a
cession, by negotiation, and the suggestion of equivalents.
The answer of Loid Ashburton to your note ot the 8th instant,
contained a distinct rejection of our offer, with a substantial
withdrawal of his claim to any territory south of the river St.
John; but not modifying the claim for the relinquishment, on
the part of Maine and the United States, of all north of that
river Our views in reference to many of the topics in his
Lordship's reply, we have had the honor heretofore to commu-
nicate to you, m our note ol the 16th instant; and to that an-
swer we would now refer, as forming an important part of this
neeotiation, and as containing our refusal of the line indicated.
We are now called upon to consider the Imal proposition made
by or through the Government of the United States, for our
consideration and acceptance. The line indicated maybe short-
ly defined as the line recommended by the King of the Nether-
lands, and an addition thereto of a snip of land at the base of
the highlands, running to the source of the southwest branch of
the St. John. The examination and consideration of all other
lines, which might better meet our views and objects, have
been piecluded by the declaration, and other plenary evidence
we have, that the line specified in your communication is the
most advantageous that can be offered to us; and that no one of
less extent, or yielding in fact lews to the other party, can be
doomed admissible. We are, therefore, brought to the single
and simple consideration of the question, whether we can, con-
sistently with our views of our duty to the State we represent,
aceet.t the proposition submitted by you.
So' far as any claim is interposed, based upon a supposed
equity arising from the lecommendation of the King of the
Netherlands, we have only to refer to our lormer note for our
views on that topic We have now only to add, that we came
to this conference untrammelled and free; to see if, in a spirit of
amity and equity, we could not find and agiee upon some new
line, which, while it yielded all that was needed hy one party,
might fairly be the motive and groundwork for equivalent terri-
tory or rights granted to the other; and that we cannot make
any admission, or consent to any proposition, which would not
revive, but put vitality and power into that which, up to this
time, has never possessed either. We base our whole action on
grounds entirely independent of that advice of the aibitev.
It may posoibly be intimated in this connexion, as it has more
than once been heretofore, that the commissioners of Maine,
and the people of that State, are disposed to regard the whole
territory dsclearlv falling within their rightful limits; and are
not willinar to consider the question as one in doubt and dispute,
and, therefore, one to be settled as if each party had nearly or
quite equal claims. Certainly, s-ir, the people and Government
of Maine do not deny that the question has been drawn into
dispute. They have had too many and too recent painful evi-
dences of that fact, to allow such a doubt, however much at a
loss they may be to perceive any just or tenable grounds on
which the adv. r-?ary claim is based For years they have borne
and forborne, and sti uggled to maintain their rights, in a peace-
able, and yet unflinching spirit, against what appeared to them
injustice from abroad, and neglect at home.
But {hey haveyet to learo that the mere fact that an adverse
claim is made and persisted in,.and maintained -by ingenuity
' and ability for a series of ye'atsj increasing in extent, anaTa-
rying its grounds as years roil* on,' is to be regarded as a leason
why--courtesy should require, in opposition to the fact, a re«
lrnguishnient of the plain, explicit, and sincere language of
perfect conviction and unwavenng confidence; of-that a con-
tinued,"adverse, and resisted claim, may yet, by meYe lapse of
time artd-re'iteratian/npen into a right. * Hut-we desire it to be
distinctly xemembered that, in this attempt to.negotiate,for a
conventional line, Maine ha& not insisted, or even requested,
that any formal or virtqal admission of her title to the whole
territory should he a condition preliminary to a settlement*
We hold, and we claim/the. right to express, at all timePVand
in all-suitable places, our opinion of the perfect right of-Maine
to the whole territory, but we have never assumed it asa point
of honor, that our adversary should acknowledge it. Indeed,
we have endeavored to view the subject rather m leference to
a settlement, on even hard terms for us, than to dwell on the
strong aspect of the case, when we look at the naked ques-
tion of our right and title under the treaty. It could hardly be
expected, however, that'we should silently, and thud virtually,
acquiesce in any assumption that our claim was uneustained,
and that "the treaty line was not executable." On this point
weexpresse'd ourselvesfully in a former note.
In returning to the direct consideration of the last proposition,
and the terms and conditions attending it, i\\ justice to'ourselves
and our State, we feel bound to declare—and we confidently ap>
peal to you, sir, in confirmation of the declaration—thrt thisne-
gotiation has been conducted, on our part, with no mercenary
views, and with rto design to extort unreasonable equivalents or
extravagant compensation. The Stat? of Maine has always
felt an insuperable repugnance to parting with any portion even
ofher disputed territory, for mere pecuniaiy recompense from
adverse claimants. She comes here for no mere bargain for
the sale of acres, in the spirit or with the arts of traffic. Her
commissioners have been much less anxious to secure benefit
and recompense, than to preserve the State from unnecessary
curtailment and dismemberment. The proposition we made ia
evidence of the fact. We have heretofoie expressed soma
opinions of the mutual character of the benefits to each party
from the free naviga'ion of the tet. John. Without entering,
however, upon the particular consideration of the terms ana
conditions, which we have not thought it necessary to do, we
distinctly state that our great repugnance to the line is based
upon the extent of territory required to be yielded. Wc may,
however, in passing, remark that all the pecuniary offers con*
tained in your note, most liberally construed, would scarcely
recompense and repay to Maine the amount of money and in-
teiest which 3hc has actually expended in defending and pro.
tenting the territory from wrongs arising and threatened by rea*
son of us condition and disputed ground.
Considering, then, this proposition as involving the surren-
der of more territory than the avowed objects of England re-
quire: as removing our landmarks from the well-known and
weil-aefined boundary of the treaty of 1783—the crest of the
highlands; besrde insisting upon the line of the arbiter in itsfull
extent; we feel bound to say, after the most careful and anxious
consideration, that we caneot bring our minds to the conviction
that the proposal is such as Maine had a right to expect.
But we are not unaware of the expectations which have
been, and still are, entertained of a favorable .issue to this nego*
tiation by the Government and people of this country, and the
great disappointment which would be felt and expressed at its
failure. Nor are we unmindful of the future, warned as we
have been by the past, that any attempts to determine the line
by arbitration, may be either fruitless, or with a result moie to
be deplored.
We are now given to understand that the "Executive of the
United States, representing the sovereignty of the Union, assents
to the proposal; and that this department of the Government, at
least, is anxious for its acceptance, as, in its view, most expe-
dient for the general good.
The commissioners of Massachusetts have already given theip
assent, on behalf of that Commonwealth. Thus situated, the
commissioners of Maine, invoking the spirit of attachment and
patriotic devotion of then State to the Union; and being willing;
to yield to the deliberate convictions of her sister States as to
the path of duty; and to interpose no obstacles to an adjustment
which the general judgroentof the nation shall pronounce ds
honoiable and expediet t—even if that judgment shall lead to
a surrender of a ooriion of the birthright of the people of their
State, and prized by them because it is their birthright,—have
determined to overcome their objections to theproposal, bo far
as to say. that if, upon mpture consideration, the Senate of the
United States shall advise and consent to the ratification of a
treaty corresponding in its terms with your proposd.1, and with
the conditions in our memorandum accompanying this note,
(marked A.,0 and identified by our signatuies, they, by virtue of
the power vested m them by the resolves of the Legislature of
Maine, give the assent of tnat State to such conventional line,
with the terms, conditions, and equivalents herein mentioned.
We have the honor to be, sir, with high respect, your obe*
dient servants,
EDWARD KA.VANAGH,
EDWARD KENT,
JOHN OTIS,
WILLIAM P. PREBLE.
Hon Daniel Webster, &c , &c., &c.
This is the assent (if assent it may be called)
whirh is to authorize and induce the Senate to rati-
fy the treaty. What is A clear, strong, and.
convincing argument against submitting to the
terms -proposed; and concluding that, ij the delibe-
rate conviction other sister States shall pronounce
the proposed boundary and equivalents as honorable
and expedient, even if that judgment shall lead to
a surrender of a portion of the birthright of the
people of Maine, the commissioners have deter-
mined to overcome their objections to the proposal,
so far as to say that if, upon mature consideration,
the Senate of the United States shall advise and
consent to the ratification of the treaty upon those
terms and conditions, they give he assent of
Maine thereto. Now, sir, I am not we. Jp,eased
with this mode of doing business. I would have
| preferred that our ggjn*at£5WRers bad -reefa $$
