60
APPENDIX TO TJJE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
August, 184$.
27th Cong .3 
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
Croix, and in fixing its source, had established the
terminus a quo, from which the boundary in ques-
tion was to be run. But the terminus ad, quem, to
■which it was to be continued—to wit: the highlands
dividing the tributary waters of the St. Lawrence
and the Atlautic, which lay due north from the
source of the St. Croix—remained to be ascertained;
and when they were ascertained, the northwestern-
most head of the Connecticut river, (another termi-
nus to which the boundary along Ike said highlands
was to be continued,) was also to be identified and
established. Both of these termini were supposed
to be involved in doubt by the actual geography and
physical conformation of the country. The high-
lands described in the treaty were said to have no
definite existence in nature; and the various sources
of the Connecticut river, and their relative position,
produced confusion in determining which was the
true northwesternmost source referred to by the
treaty of peace. Forthe ''adjustment of these un-
certainties," by the agency of a joint commission
formed on the model of that of Jay's treaty jn re-
gard to the St. Croix river, a convention was con-
cluded by Mr. .Rufns King with Lord Hawkesbury,
in May, 1803, under the instructions of Mr. Madi-
son, then Secretary of State. This convention re-
ceived the unanimous advice and consent of the
Senate to its ratification, with the exception of its
fifth article, relating to the northwestern bounda-
ry between the Lake of the Woods and the Missis-
sippi river, which, it was apprehended, might con-
flict with tl.e territorial claims of the United States
under the treaty for the purchase of Louisiana from
France; which had been concluded twelve days
previous to the convention with Lord Hawkes-
bury, but which fact was not known to either of
the negotiators at the signature of the latter. The
change thus made by the Senate not being acceded
toby the British Government, the convention failed
to take effect.
Thus stood the question in regard to the Nurtli-
eastern boundary, without any new arrangement
to obviate or adjust the uncertainties which had
arisen, until the treaty of Ghent. By the fifth
article of that treaty, it was agreed that two com-
missioners should be appointed—-one by each par-
ty—to ascertain and determine where is the point
of intersection, or angle called the northwest angle
of Nova Scotia, An mod by a line drawn due north
from the source of the St. Croix to the highlands,
as described in the treaty of peace, and "also the
nortliwesternnnist head of Connecticut river; and
to cause the entire boundary, from the soutce o/
the St. Croix to the river St. Lawrence, to he sur-
veyed and marked, according to the provisions of
the said treaty of peace; and if these commission-
ers should differ in opinion on the matters referred
to them, then their differences were to be referred
to some friendly sovereign or Stale, to bt named
lor the purpose, whose decision should be final and
conclusive on all l lie matters so re fen ed. The com-
missioners appointed under the treaty of Ghent
having radically differed in their views'of the true
boundarv, a convention was entered into between
the two Governments, in September, 1827, for car-
rying into effect the stipulated reference to some
friendly sovereign; agreeing to proceed, iti concert,
to the choice of such friendly sovereign, and reg-
ulating various details connected with the arbitra-
tion. The King of tlic Netherlands was, by the
concurrent act of thf two Governments, subse-
quently chosen as the arbiter; and, in January,
1831, he pronounced his award—declaring, in ef-
fect, that neither the line claimed by the United
States, to the north of the river St. John, nor that
claimed by Great Britain, to the south of that riv-
er, fulfilled the description of the boundary con-
tained in the treaty of peace; that the stipulations of
the treaty were too vague and indeterminate to ad-
mit of satisfactory execution, when applied to the
actual topography ol the country; and thai, there-
fore, "it will be suitable (?/ conviendru) to adopt as
the boundary of the two Slates" a line which
drawn from llie source of the St. Croix till i' inter-
sect the river St. John, shall continue along thai
river to the mouth of the St. Francis; thencealong
the St. Francis, to its soutliwesternmost head- and
thence, by a due-west course, to the line claimed by
the United States.
This awaidofthe King ol the Netherlands in
proposing the adoption of a new boundary, was
considered as a departure from the ijuesiion sub-
mitted for his decision bv Ihe terms of the refer-
ence, and was held, therefore, not to be obligatory
pu the parties, The Senate ol the United State,-,
before whom the award was laid by the President
for their advice on the subject, expressed an opin-
ion unfavorable to its acceptance; and fiom that
time down to the special mission of Lord Ashbur-
ton, a series of halting and abortive negotiations
has been going on between the two Governments,
terminating in nothing, and leaving this disturb-
ing controversy as far as ever from settlement; the
peace of the two countries, in the mean time, ex-
posed to perpetual danger of interruption, by collis
ions on the debatable frontier.
Mr. R. said he had thus briefly retraced the his-
tory of this controversy, and exhibited the mutual
proceedings of the two Governments in regard to
it—not with any purpose of weakening or impugn-
ing the just title of the United States to the territo-
ry claimed by them as being within the limits es-
tablished by the treaty of peace; on the contrary,
he felt in his own mind a clear conviction of the
justice and validity of the American claim as
resting on the terms of the treaty. He believed
that the boundary claimed by the United Stales
fulfilled the literal description contained in the
treaty, and that it was the only boundary which
did fulfil that description. He had, therefore,
heartily concurred in the resolution unanimously
passed in this body, tour years ago, affirming our
conviction of the right of the United States under
the, treaty of peace; and such, he was authorized to
say, was still ihe opinion entertained by every
member of the committee. But, while this was
the opinion of the committee and of the Senate, and,
without doubt, of a large majority of the citizens
rf the United States who have investigated the sub-
ject, it is impossible for us, looking at the public
and solemn acts of the nation through its recog-
nised organs, now to stand uncompromisingly on
the ground of right. We have admitted, ovc-r
and over again, that the question is one open to
doubt and contioreisij: and, as such, we have agreed
to make it a subject of arbitral ion; and the opinion
of the arbiter, however wanting in legal obligation,
has vet been pronounced before the world against
our claim.
The Senate has seen, from the review just
presented, that, not only by the treaty of Ghent, and
the subsequent convention of 1S'27, had we abandon-
ed the ground of clear and hbcoidestnblc right; but
that, at a long antecedent period, by the convention
of 180.'! between Mr. King and Lord Hawkesbury,
(an arrangement unanimously confirmed by the
Senate, so for as the Northeastern boundary was
concerned,) we had agreed to bring ourclaims into
litigation before a mixed tribunal of arbitrament,
to be specially constituted for the purpose. The
President of the United Slates, [Mr. Jefferson,]
in communiraling the conclusion of that arrange-
ment to Congress, accompanied it with the follow-
ing presrnant remarks:
"A furthei knowledge o; thegroimd in the northeastern and
noi illwt-sTeiti angles (>f the Tinned urates has evinced thai the
boundaries established by (bo tieaty ol l'aus, between the Ilul-
isb territories anil ours in those pans, were too /'wperfi clly
scribed to be susceptible of ex< cuhon. It ru-, theieloie, been
tb'Uifzht, worthy of attention, Ibi pieserving ami cherishingihe
ti irmony anil useful mlcrcnurse slibststinp between the two na-
tions, to icinove, by timely ailangemems, \vb«t unfavorable
liH.ntents might otlici wise render a ground of futuie imsnnder-
st,mdnur A 11invention hay, therefore, been entered mro, v- hirh
provided fni a pi arlwable demarcation of those limits, to the
satisfaction of both paitists."
Mr. Madison, in the instructions given by him
to Mr. King forthe negotiation of the convention,
used language of similar, and not less significant
import.
"In fixing,'1 said he, ''the point at which the line is to ter-
minal, and which v- lefened loasthe northwestansle ot vova
Scotia, the. difficulty allies from a reference of the treaty of
]733 to'the higtvands,' which it vojc found hare no ctcfi-
mts pristine^ To remove this d'fticulty, no better expedient
occurs than to provide for the appointment of a third eomrnis
sioner, asm alticletlveot the treaty of 1794; and to atithoiize
the tbiee to deteimioe on a point to be substituted fur the de-
sctipfion in the second aitnle ol the treaty of 1733, having due
leg.mt to ihe general idea that the line oughtlo tennmateon the
elevated ground dividing the livers tailing into ihe Atlantic,
Irom those emptying themselves into the St. Lawrence. The
commissioners -may also be authorized tosubstitute for the de.
sc.iipllonof ihe bovndciry between the point so fixed and the
north westernmost liejd of the Connectientiiver—namely, a line
'along the said highlands,''—such a reference to intermediate
sources of rivers, or other ascertained orascettamable points,
to be cou.iiecttdbij straight tmes,®s will admit of easy and
accurate execution hereafter, an^t as \*'dl best eemportvtith the
apparent intention of the treaty of 17*3 "
Here we have an instruction from one ofthemost
cautious, as well as able and enlightened statesmen,
that ever presided over the department of our for-
eign relations, expressly authorizing the minister
of the United Slates, on the ffround of the imprac-
ticability of finding the limits described in the
treaty of 1783, to enter into an arrangement to svi-
stitute—not, as has been said, a point only, but—a
continuous and long line of boundary between that
point and another, for the lines and angles described
in the treaty.
After these various and repeated acts of the na-
tional authorities, acknowledging, in one form or
another, the doubts and difficulties which stood in
the way of the actual demarcation of the boundary
in question, according to the provisions of the treaty
of 1783, it seems to the committee too late in the
day, consistently with a proper regard for the peace
of nations and the opinion of the world, to plant
- ourselves now sternly and inflexibly on the ground
of a clear, manifest, and incontrovertible right to
the precise line of boundary we claim. If the
honor ol the country, as is now asserted, demanded
that the summum jus of our.claims, in regard to
the disputed boundary, should have been rigorously
insisted on in the late negotiation, then that honor
has been long since irretrievably prostrated in the
dust. It was sacrificed by the treaty of 1794, by the
convention of 1803, by the Ghent negotiations in
1814, by the arbitration arrangeirent of 1827; it
was betrayed by Washington, Jefferson, and Madi-
son; and trampled under foot by every successive ad-
ministration that has been charged with the foreign
relations of the country, from the peace of 1783 to
the present day. How would even our hero Presi-
dent, the venerable Jackson—at whose lofty tone in
the foreign intercourse of the nation the world
stood surprised—-how would even he stand, if tried
by this new standard of diplomatic chivalry"? Du-
ring the period of his administration, repeated en-
tries were made 011 the disputed territory by agents
of the neighboring British provincial authorities,
who arrested our citizens, seized their properly,
and transported both one and the other into a for-
eign jurisdiction. Did he summon the nation to
arms for this hostile invasion of our territory1—as
it assuredly was, if the "principle now so cheaply
put forward, of the incontrovertible justice and va-
lidity of our title to the-boundary we claimed, be
correct. No, sir; he knew that, however strong
might be our conviction of the justice of our claim,
there were two sides to the question—the adver-
sary claim resting on grounds which we had, by
the most solemn national acts, recognised to be
fair topics of discussion; and that we could not
justify ourselves to the moral sense of mankind, in
rashly taking the decision of the question into our
own hands.
The truth is, that no administration has ever
shown a greater disposition to settle this question
with Great Britain, on principles of compromise arid
concession, than did that of General Jackson. It is
well known that his opinions and inclinations were
decidedly in favor of the acceptance of the award
of the King of the Netherlands; and that the objec-
tions of the State of Maine, and the action of the
Senate on the subject, alone prevented his acceding
to the new conventional line proposed by that
award. When, Irom these causes, the adjustment
under the mediation of the King of the Nether-
lands failed, President Jackson immediately sought
by a provisional arrangement with the State of
Maine, for anj indemnity to be paid her by the
United States in other lands, to arm himself with
the nceessary sanction of her assent, to agree with
Great Britain upon a new boundary line, in place
of that of the treaty of 1783. An arrangement to
that effect was actually entered into by three distin-
guished public functionaries duly authorized by
the President, with three other gentlemen as agents
of the State of Maine; but not being ratified by the
Legislature of the State, when submitted to them
the negotiation, upon that basis, was necessarily
abandoned. Being thus forced back upon new ef-
forts to settle and ascertain the boundary as it exist-
ed under the treaty^ of peace, General Jackson
authorized a proposition of extreme liberality to
be submitted to the British minister. Hitherto in
all the discussions upon the; ubject, as well as in'the
explorations and surveys made to determine the
boundary, one thing had been assumed as certain
mid fixed— to wit: that, from the source of the St.
Croix, the boundary, in the express language of
the treaty, should be run directly north to the high-
lands, &c.; and this hadbeen invariably considered
a main pdlar^ of the argument in support of the
American claim. General Jackson, in his earnest
desire to bring this long-pending controversy to an
amicable termination, and with an accommodating
and liberal spirit which was emphatically acknowl-
edged by the British Government, now proposed,
