August, 1841.  ^
27th ConS'- -3d Ssrs'-.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRFSSIQNAL GLOBE.
6't
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
through Mr. Livingston and Mr. McLane, succes-
sivefy Secretaries, of Slate, that the commissioners
should be no longer re&triciedby the due-north line
in determining the true boundary; but, discarding
that line, if they thought proper, they should be at li-
berty to seek the highlands described in the treaty, to
the west of the meridian of the source of the St.
Croix, and many part of the disputed territory north
or south of the river St. John. What seemed mainly
to produce the hesitation of the British Government
in acceding to this proposition, was, the doubt enter-
tained by it whether the assent of the State of Maine
(which hadnot, and probably could not,be obtained)
would not be as necessary to give effect to an ar-
rangement on this basis, as on that of an avowed
conventional line.
It appears to the committee, therefore, in looking
back to the public and solemn acts of the Govern-
ment, and of its successive administrations, that
the time has passed, if it ever existed, when we
could be justified in making the precise line of
boundary claimed by us the subject of a sine qua
%on of negotiation, or of the ultima ratio ol an
assertion by force. Did a second arbitration, then,
afford the prospect of a more satisfactory resuM
This expedient seemed to be equally rejected by
all parties—by the United States, by Great Britain,
and by the State of Maine. If such an alternative
should be contemplated by any one as preferable
to the arrangement which has been made, it is fit
to bear in mind the risk and imcertainty, as well
as the inevitable delay and expense, incident to that
mode of decision. We have already seen, in the
instance of the arbitration by the King of the
.Netherlands, how much weight a tribunal of that
sort is inclined to give to the argument of conve-
nience, and a supposed intc?Uion on the part of the
negotiators, of the treaty of 1783, against the literal
and positive terms employed by the instrumenr in
its description of limits. Is there no danger, in the
event of another arbitration, that a farther research
into the public archives of Europe might bring to
lightsome embarrassing (even though apocryphal)
document,to throw anew shade of plausible doubt
on the clearness of our title, in the view of a sov-
eign arbiter^ Such a document has already been
communicated to the committee; and I feel it (said
Mr. R.) to be my duiy to lay it before the Senate,
that they may fully appreciate its bearings, and de-
termine for themselves the weight and importance
which belong to it. It is due to the learned and
distinguished gentleman, (Mr, Jared Sparks of Bos-
ton,) by whom the document referred to was dis-
covered in the archives of France, while pursuing
his laborious and intelligent researches connected
with the history of our own country, that the ac-
count of it should be given in his own words, as
contained in a communication addressed by him to
the. Department of State. I proceed, therefore, to
read from that communication:
"While pursuing my researches among the voluminous jr a
pera relating to the American Revolution in the Archive# des
Affaires Etrangeies in Paris, I found m one of the bound
volumes an oiigiual letcerfrnm Dr. Fianklm to Count do V«|.
gennes, of which the following lb an exact transcript:
''Passy, Decembct 6, 1782.
"Sir: 1 have the honor of returning herewith the map >our
Excellency sent me yesterday. I have marked with a strong red
lino, according to youi desire, the limns of the United State?,
a3 settled m the prehminanes be* ween the British and Ainctiean
plenipotentiaries.
"With great respect, lam, ,
"R. FRANKLIN."
"This letter was written six days after the preliminaries were
feigned; and if we could procure the identical map mentioned
by Franklin, it would seem to afford conducive t-vnierce as to
the meaning afiixed by the commissioners to the language of
the treaty on the subject of the boundai i^s. You may well sup-
pose that I lost no time in making mquny for the m<ip, nut
doubting that it would confiim all my previous opinions re-
specting the validity of our claim. In the geographical de-
partment ^f the Aichives aresixty thousand maps and chat ts;
but so we 1 arranged wr h catalogues and indexes, that any one
of them may be easily found. Afier a liule reseaich in the
American division, with the aid ot the keeper, 1 came upon a
map of North America, by D'Anville, dated 1746, in size
about eighteen inches squate, on which was drawn a slror>g
red line'throughout the eume boundaty of the "United Stated,
answering pieciaely to Franklin's description. The line is
boldanddisnnctin eveiy par', made wirii red ink. and apparent-
ly drawn with a hair-pencil, or a pen with a blunt point. There
is no other coloring on any part of the map.
"Imagine my surprise on discovering mat this line runs whol-
ly south-of the St. John's, and between the head v:a'en of tl-at
river and those of the Penobscot and Ivennebec in shor', u is
exactly ihe line now contended for by Great Britain, except
that itVoncedes more than is claimed The north 3me, after de-
parting from the source of the Sc. Croix, instead of pioceeJmg
to Mars Hill, stops fav short of that point, and turns ofF to ilie
west, so as to leavft on the British side all the streams which
flow into the St. John's, between the source of the St. Cioix
and Mars Hill. It is evident that the line, frem the St Croix to
the Canadian highlands, is intended to exclude all the wateis
running into the St. John's.
"There is no positive proof that this map is actually the one
marked by Franklin; yet, upon any other supposition, it would
be difficult to explain the nrcumstancesof its agieemg so per-
fectly with his description, and ol its being preserved in the
place where it would naturally be deposited by Count de Ver
genr.es I also (bum! another map in the Archives, on whi< h
the same boundary was traced m a dotted red line with a pen,
apparently copied from the other.
"I enclose herewith a map of Maine, on wh'ch I have drawn
a strong black line, corresponding with the red one above men-
tioned."
I am far from intimating (said Mr. Rives) that
the documents discovered by Mr. Sparks, curious
and well worthy of consideration as they undoubt-
edly are, are ol' weight sufficient to shake the title
of the United States, founded on the positive lan-
guage of the treaty of peace. But they could not
fail, in the event of another reference, to give in-
creased confidence and emphasis to the pretensions
of Great Britain, and to exert a corresponding in-
fluence upon the mind of the aibiter. It is worth
while, in this connexion, to turn to what Lord
Ashburton has said, in one of his communications
to Mr. Webster, when explaining his views of the
position of the highlands described in the treaty:
"My inspection of the maps, and my examination of the docu-
ments," says his Lordship, l,lead me to a very strong conviction
that the highlands contemplated by the negotiators of the treaty
were the only highlands then known to them—at the head of the
Penobscot, Kennebec, and the rivers west of the St Croix;
and that they did not precisely know how the norl'i line f<om
the St Croix would strike them; and if it were not my wish to
shorten (his discussion, ] believe a very good argument might he
drawn from the words of the treaty in piooi of lins In the ne
sotlationj with Mr. Livingston, and afterwards with Mi
IVIcLane. tins view seemed lo prevail; and, as you ai e aware,
there were proposals 10 seaich for these highlands to the we-',
wheie alone, 1 believe, they wil! be found toanswei pel feelly die
description of ihe treaty. If this question should unfortu-
nately go to a fuithei reference, i should hy no means
des/iair of finding some con fit mat ion of this zieiv of the
case."
It is for the Senate to consider (added Mr.
Hives) whether there would not be much risk of
introducing new complications and embarrass-
ments in this controversy, bv leaving it open for
another litigated reference; and it ihe British Gov-
ernment—strongly prepossessed, as its minister tells
us it is, with the justice of its claims—would not
find what it would naturally consider a persuasive
"confirmation of ils view ot the case" m documents,
such as those encountered by Mr. Spaiks in his
historical researches in the archives of Fiance.
A map has been vauntingly paraded here, from
Mr. Jefferson's collection, in the zeal of opposition,
(without taking time to see what it was,) to con-
front and invalidate the map found by Mi. Spaiks
in the Foreign Othce at Pari ; but, the moment it is
examined, it is found to sustain, bv the most pre-
cise and remarkable correspondence in every lea-
ture, the map communicated by Mr. Sparks. The
Senator who produced it, could see nothing but
the microscopic dotted line running off in a north-
easterly direction; but the moment other eyes were
applied to it, there was found, in bold relief, a
sirong red line, indicating the limits of the United
States according to the treaty of peace, and coin-
ciding, minutely and exactly, with the boundary
traced on the map of Mr. Sparks. That this red
line, and not the hardly visible doited line, was in-
tended to represent the" limits of the United States
according to the tieaty of peace, is conclusively
shown by the circumstance, that the red line is
drawn on the map al1 around the exterior boundary
of the United States;—through the middle of the
Northern Lakes, thence through the Long Lake and
the Rainy Lake to the Lake of the AVoods: and
from the western extremity of the Lake of the
Woods to the river Mississippi; and alonff that
river, to the point where the boundary ofthe United
States, according to the treaty of peace, leaves it;
and thence, by its easterly course, to the mouth ofthe
St. Mary's, on the Atlantic.
Here, then, is a most remarkable and unforeseen
confirmation ofthe map of Mr. Sparks, and by an-
other map of a most imposing character, and bearing
every mark of high authenticity. It was printed and
published in Paris in 1784, (the year after the con-
clusion of the peace,) bv "Lattrc,graveur duRoi, (en-
graver of maps, &c to the King.) It is formally enti-
tled, on its face, a "map ol the United States of Amer-
ica, according to Ihs treaty of peace of 1783.—(Carte
des EtatsUnisdel'Amgiique, suivantletraitgdepnix
de 1783.) It is ' dedicated and presented" (dediee
et presentee) "to his Excellency Benjamin Frank-
lin, Minister Plenipotentiary of the United States
of America, near the court of France," and while
Dr. Franklin vet remained in Paris; for he did not
return to the United States till the spring of the
year 1785, Is there not, then, the most plausible
ground to argue that this map, professing to be one
constructed "according to the treaty of peace of
1783," and being "dedicated and presetded" to Dr.
Franklin, the leading negotiator who concluded
that treaty, and who yet remained in Paris while
the map was published, was made out with his
knowledge, and by his directions; and that, corres-
ponding as it does identically with the map found by
Mr. Sparks in ehe Archives of the Foreign Affairs in
Paris, they both partake of the same presumptions
in favor of their authenticity.
Mr. R. said he did not design to dwell farther on
these matters. That the knowledge possessed of
the country bordering on the northern, and north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers ofthe United
States, was exceedingly imperfect at the time the
attempt was made to define these boundaries in the
treaty of peace of 1783, is admitted by our whole
diplomatic history. Exclusive of the early contro-
versies respecting the true river St. Croix, and the
extension of our boundary from the northwestern
point of the Lake of the Woods to the river Missis-
sippi, (both of which arose from the imperfect or er-
roneous notions ofthe geography ofthe country ex-
isting at the conclusion of the treaty of peace,) the
remarkable fact, that as many as four boards of com-
missioners were constituted bv the treaty of Ghent,^
more than thirty years after the definitive treaty ol
peace, to settle and determine an equal number Of
disputed boundary lines on the northern frontier of
the United Slates, from Passamaquoddy Bay to the
Lake of the Woods, is in itself pregnant evidence
of the necessarily imperfect description of limits
contained in the treaty of peace. From the want
ot known and recognised landmarks, or familiar
natural monuments, in a country then unpeopled
and unexplored, the negotiators of the treaty of
peace were compelled to act very much in the
dark, and to substitute, for a plain reference^ to
known and familiar objects, a general description
of limils, which has given rise to doubts and argu-
ments, more or less plausible, as to the boundaries
really intended, or most nearly described tinder the
terms employed in the treaty. So long as the dis-
cussion shall continue to be conducted on its origi-
nal grounds, the same doubts and difficulties which,
for now sixty years since the achievement of our
national independence, have prevented^ the defini-
tive adjustment of our limits, will continue to em-
barrass and defeat a settlement of the question.
Some new mode of solving the controversy, there-
fore , has become imperiously necessary.
A question of disputed boundary between adja-
cent territories, now rapidly filling up with a hardy
and enterprising population, is one attended with
constant danger to the peace of the two nations.
The acts of ill-advised individuals, of small detach-
ments of troops, of subordinate local authorities,
may, at any moment, bring on a conflict, in which
the two countries would be committed to the stern
issues of war, against their own deliberate policy
and will. How near this catastrophe was being
brought about three years ago, on the occasion of
what was called the Aroostook war, I need not re-
mind the Senate. For terminating this thorny and
long-protracted controversy, so fraught with mis-
chiefs and dangeis to both countries, the failures of
the past prove that the only expedient now left is
the conventional establishment of a new and well-
defined boundary line. All attempts to effect an
arrangement of this kind hitherto have been ren-
dered unavailing, by the impossibility of obtaining
ihe assent of the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts-—one of them claiming the rights of sovereign-
ty and jurisdiction, as well as soil; the other an
original and undiverted interest in the soil of the
disputed territory. Under the principles of our fed-
erative system, the national authority has been held
incompetent, by means of a convention with a for-
eign power or olherwKe, lo change the boundaries,
and, in effect, alienate a portion ofthe territory of
one of the members ofthe Union, without its formal
and stipulated assent. This fundamental obstacle,
which, through so long a series of abortive nego-
tiations, has continued to keep open an ancient and
dangerous controversy with a foreign power, has
at length, bv a fortunate combination of circum-
stances, and happy reconciliation of jarring inter-
ests, been overcome. Both Maine and Massachu-
setts, through their several commissioners fur-
nished with full powers for the purpose, have
given their final assent to the new boundary line,
separating their territory from that of the adja-
cent British provinces, which is proposed to be es-
tablished by the treaty before us,
