62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBED
August, 1842.'
27th Como—3d Skbs.
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
• The Committee on Foreign Relations (said Mr.
Rives) is clear in the opinion that an arrangement
so sanctioned, after the numberless perplexities and
impediments which have heretofore and so long ob-
structed a satisfactory adjustment of the question,
ought not to be lightly disturbed by the action of
this body. On looking into the arrangement itself,
they see nothing in it incompatible with the charac-
ter of a fair, just, and reasonable compromise, un-
der all the circumstances of difficulty and embar-
rassment which surrounded the subject. The new
boundary agreed on pursues the line recommended
by the King of Netherlands, till it reaches a point
on the St. Francis not very distant fromiis source;
and thence, turning off at right angle?, in a south-
westerly direction, it terminates at a point in the
highlands where the respective boundaries hereto-
fore claimed by Great Britain and (be Umled
States meet—throwing on the British side of the
new line a narrow stiip of barren land, along the
eastern base of the highlands formerly claimed by
the United States, of about one hundred and ten
miles in length. In consideration of this narrow
strip of land conceded to Great Britain, beyond
what was allotted to her by the award of the King
of the Netherlands, she grants in perpetuity to the
inhabitants of Maine the free navigation of the St.
John, from the point where it enters her territory,
to the seaport at its mouth—guarantying, in favor
of the agricultural produce and lumber of Maine,
the same treatment, in all respect, as if they were
the productions of her own provinces. She also
relinquishes and gives up forever the. one hundred
thousand acres of valuable land at the sources of
the Connecticut, lying within the actual limits of
New Hampshire; as well as the strip of land on
thenorthern frontier of Vermont and New York—
both of which were determined, by the award of
the King of the Netherlands, to belong to Great
Britain. And the all-important military position at
Rouse's Point, commanding the outlet of Lake
Champlain—which, bv a special exception in the
award ol the King of the Netheilands, was reserved
to the United States—is also, by this arrangement,
forever secured to them. At the same time,inthead-
justmetjt of certain disputedboundary lines farther to
the west, on which the British and American com-
missioners under the seventh article of the treatv
of Ghent differed, it is agreed that the limits shall
be st> established as to throw a very large and valu-
ble island in ihe water communication between
Lakes Huron and Superior, called St. George's or
Sugar idand, (which was claimed by the British
commissioner,) on the side of the United Slates;
and also to yield to the United Stales ail extensive
district of about fourmiliions of acres, lying on the
western side of'Lake Superior—of but little intrinsic
value, probably, hut which was, nevertheless,
warmly contended for by the British commissioner
under "the aforesaid article of the treaty of Ghent.
Many of these concessions on the part of Great
Britain, enuring to the benefit of Ihe United States
in their national capacity, and being principally
induced by the assent of the States of Maine anil
Massachusetts to the establishment of the new
boundary line on the Northeastern frontier, the
United Stales finally stipulate to pay to those two
States, in equal moieties, the sum of three hundied
thousand dollars, on account of their assent to the
said line; and fo refund the expenses incurred by
them, respectively, in protecting and surveying the
disputed teirilory.
Ill analyzing the details of this arrangement, it
appear-, that seven-twelfths in qnantilj of the dis-
puted ferrilory have fallen to ihe share of Maine-
ill value, a far largei proportion. The lands al-
lotted to Great Britain are, for Ihe most part, bai-
renand unproductive; deriving their chief (if not
sole) importance irom the more dncetand conve-
nient communication they a fiord between her
provinces, and the greater breadth of border they
give her on ihe St. Lawrence. These, indeed",
are the essential objects she professed to have in
view. On the other hand, the lands reserved to the
State of Maine are, many of them, of great fertility,
and all of them abound in fine timber. But their
actual commercial value must depend, after all,
on the lacihties of a cheap transportation to convey
their agricultural produce, and especially their
heavy lumber, to market. Hence the free naviga-
tion of the St. John to the ocean is of vital import-
ance. to the upper parts of the State of Maine; and
the stipulation to receive and treat their productions
on a footing of equal favor with the produce of the
colonies, enhances still farther the value of this
grant. The f'ee navigation of the St. John formed
no part of the award of the King of the Nether-
lands; and in every practical view, therefore, the
arrangement now proposed possesses marked ad-
vantages for the State of Maine over that of the
award, which it is now attempted to exalt1 so
much in the comparison. On this point, we. have
the highest possible evidence—the decision of the
party most deeply interested—of Maine herself. It
is apparent, from the correspondence before us, that
Lord Ashburton was, at all times, ready to enter
into an arrangement on the naked basis of the award
of the King of the Netherlands, and that the com-
missioners of Maine were as steady and unwaver-
ing in their repugnance to it; and I am authorized
explicitly to state the fact, that the three-fold option
was distinctly presented to the commissioners—of
the award, the arbitration, and the arrangement now
befoie us. They deliberately elected the last; and
most wisely and sagaciously, in my opinion, did
they decide.
Looking at the arrangement as a national ques-
tion, and as the interests of the Union at large are
concerned, its advantages, in a soberand candid
view of things, appear to the committee equally ob-
vious. Will any gentleman hesitate to say that the
important territorial concessions, and the quieting of
contested boundaries all along the Northern fron-
tier of the United States, from the head of Connecti-
cut river to the western extremity of Lake Supe-
rior, including the surrender of the unquestionable
Biitish title to the ownership of by far the most im-
portant military position upon our whole lrontier,
(Rouse's Point,) arc not cheaply purchased by the
paltry sum to be paid to Maine and Massachusetts
for theirassent to the new boundary'! Have honor-
able gentlemen, who find so much fault with this ar-
rangement, forgotten that General Jackson was wil-
ling, and actually entered into an agreement, to pay
to Maine and Massachusetts—not Ihe pittance of
threc'hundied thousand dollars—but an indemnity
equivalent to a million and a quarter of dollars, if
they would acquiesce in the award of the King of
the Netherlands.
But it is said that the arrangement in question, by
giving toGieat Britain the narrow strip of wild
and desolate land on the eastern side of the high-
lands from the head waters of the St. Francis ri-
ver to the Metjarmelte portage, surrenders a line of
military positions, which, at the same time, com-
mand Qucb*caiid covcr the Stale of Maine! But for
this unlucky treaty, Mr. President, these important,
discoveries m military topography, I venture to say,
would never have been made. We have had able
and scientific reports, from time to time, on the de-
ences of our inland frontier, irom boards of offi-
cers, consisting of the first professional men in
America, who are well acquainted with the coun-
try in question, and all its" military attributes and
relations. And yet, in not one of these reports
have we had Ihe remotest hint of these command-
ing military positions—facing, as they do, the St.
Lawrence at points below Quebec, where nothing
would be gained if you were to reach it, and on the
otbei side looking down on a sterile region and
boundless forests, where armies could neither be
moved nor subsisted, and would, therefore, nevei
attempt lopeneliate! I have two of these reports
now before me—one made in 1838, and the other in
IrifO—and they both concur in the emphatic deela-
tation, that north of the old tome leading to Que-
bec along the Kennebec and the Chaudieie—a line
which Ihe southern termination of the new boun-
daiy conceded to Great Britain does not approach
nearer than within some thirty or forty miles thej e
is no military position along the highlands of any
importance cither for defence or invasion. One
of these reports disposes of the whole question, by
briefly declaring that " no general, who understood
h is profession, would invade Maine by a route des-
titute of forage, provisions, and the means of trans-
portation ;" and the other pithily remarks that
" isolated forts along the frontier, if you had them
would command nothing beyond the range of their
own guns.'"i And yet the Quixotic imagination of
gentlemen, by these highland wivdmills, would com-
mand Quebec at the distance of some fifty miles '
No, sir: Great Britain obtains nothing by the
new- boundary agreed upon, but a more direct and
convenient communication between her upper and
'See ihe leport on ihe defence of the frontier ofMainp
communicated to Congress by the Secretary of Wai, on the
December, 1838; and, also, the report ofa board of officers
1S40 syslem of natl0Ml defences, communicated the lothSJayj
lower provinces, and a strip of alternate rock and
morass, which simply serves to eke out, by added
space, her border along the St. Lawrence. And are
these such boons that national honor or safety for-
bids they should be granted, for fair equivalents, to
a neighboring power, in the compromise and ad-
justment of a" disputed boundary, which has been
the subject of controversy for half a century1? We
have always admitted that the boundary claimed
by us was a most inconvenient one for Great Brit-
ain, by interrupting the communication between
her provinces; and we have never been so churlish
a neighbor as to insist on holding this advantage,
against every proposition of compromise and mu-
tual accommodation. I cannot divest myself of
the consciousness that we are the stronger power
on this continent, and I am not afraid to do what
the spirit of good neighborhood and manly inter-
course requires, when appealed-to by corresponding
dispositions; and it does seem to me that, while
Great Britain is freely surrendering to us an inval-
uable military position—her title to which, if she
chose to insist on it, is above all question—(I mean
Rouse's Point)—a position which is pronounced,
by the first military officers in our service, (in com-
municationsnow before me,) to beihegreatslmtegic
point on our Northern frontier—the key, in our
hands, to the Canadas; in theiis, to the heart of
our own country; and, therefore, "above all price,"
either for attack or defence;—it would be ungra-
cious, indeed, and unworthy alike of our honor
and our strength, if we were, doggedly to refuse
the slightest relaxation from the rigor of our
claims, even for an obvious mutual convenience.
Bui the Roman god Terminus, Mr. President,
is invoked to animate us to stand uncompromising-
ly by our limits as they are, however inconvenient
to otheis or to ourselves. The honorable gentle-
men who make this invocation will pardon me
for saying that they have not been very consistent
worshippers of the Roman deny. Wheie was their
holy reverence forthe rites of this revived worship,
three years ago, when my honorabb friend, one of
the Senators from Maine [Mr. Williams] in-
troduced a bill simply to provide for a peaceable
and innocent survey of our boundaries by skilful
and scientific men, according fo the description
of limits in the treaty of peaccl They then ar-
rayed themselves in stern opposition even fo this
peaceable attempt to ascertain our limits, lest it
might give umbrage to our neighbor. 1 beg leave
to remind my learned and classical friends who now
hold up to us the example of the Romans in the
worship of the god Terminus, that the same hardy
and restless people worshipped another pagan
deity—Janus, the god of war—whose temple, al-
ways open in time of war, was shut, we are told,
but three times during a period of more than
seven hundred years. Do the patriotic gentlemen,
who call upon us now to imitate the example of the
Romans in worshipping the litigious and impracti-
cable divinity that presided over limits, mean to in-
vite us also to follow them in their warlike and bloody
career? and do they propose to celebrate the Ame-
rican Terminalia, not by libations of milk and
wine.butby the effusion of blood?
To the worship of these pagan deities, Mr. Pres-
ident, has succeeded a purer and belter religion,
which teaches "peace on earth, and good will to
men;"and while, for one, I would never shrink from
the maintenance of the rights and honor of my
country, at every hazard, when the occasion de-
manded, I should, from the bottom of my soul, de-
precate an appeal to the arbitrament of arms, upon
a mere question of disputed boundary. We live
in an age when the moral sense of mankind de-
mands that every honorable expedient for the ad-
justment of national disputes should be honestly
tried, befoi e tlie ultimate appeal is ventured upon;
and i feel a strong confidence that the body of our
fellow-citizens—the friends of civilization and hu-
manity everywhere—the rest of the nations of the
earth all of whom have so deep a stake in the preser-
vation of general peace—will rejoice thai, in this
instance, they have not been ttied in vain.
We come now (said Mr. Rives) to that portion of
the treaty which lelates to the suppression of the
African slave-tiade There is nonation under the
snn which has shown, through her whole history,
more anxiety for the extinction of this odious and
revolting traffic than the United States; and none
have, therefore, a deeper interest, historical and
political, in the consummation of the great work
in which they led the way. Not to speak of the
various and repeated acts of the Legislatures of
