August, 1848.  
27th Cong.••••3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
63
Senate.
the several States, while they were yet colonies of
Great Britain, to arrest and put an end to this cruel
traffic—acts rendered inoperative by what my own
State (Virginia) denounced at the time to be "an
inhuman use of the royal negative," and which
she specially set forth among the wrongs and
grievances which impelled her to the establishment
of an independent Government;—not to speak of
acts of this sort, with which our ante-revolution-
ary history abounds,—it is sufficient to say that
the Government of the Union, from the mo-
ment of its establishment under the existing Con-
stitution, has .steadily devoted itself to the ac-
complishment of the same great object. While
the Christian States of Europe still tolerated,
and some of them even encouraged, this revolting
commerce, the United States, fust among the na-
tions of the earth, pronounced its formal condem-
nation by law; and, following up this condemnation,
as occasion required, with new penal sanctions,
combined with active measures of surveillance
and repression, they finally gave to the world the
striking example of a crowning act of legislative
energy, by which they affixed the brand of phacy
to the slave-trade, declaring that any citizen of the
United States found engaged in it, whether on
board an American or a foreign vessel, or any
foreigner on board an American vessel, so em-
ployed, "should be adjudged a pirate, and suffer
death as such."
While the United States thus set the example of
their own early and energetic legislation for the
repression of this crime against humanity, it
was felt that a general co operation of the powers
of Christendom, and especially ot all the maritime
powers, would be necessary to ensure its final and
complete extirpation. In pursuance of this policy,
the United States and Great Britain, in concluding
the treaty of peace at Ghent, entere l into the fol-
lowing stipulation with each other-
'•Whereas the traffic in slaves is irreconcilable with the prin-
ciples of humanity and justice; and wherea«, both bis M-iiesty
and the United States are desirous of continuing then* ejfoits
to promote its entire abolition; it is hereby agreed that both the
contracting parties shall use their best endeavors to accom-
plish so desirable an object
A practical interpretation of the spirit of this en-
gagement, and a striking proof of the cordial sym-
pathy of the representafives of the people in "the
general object ol' it, was afterwards afforded in a
resolution, passed by Ihe House of Representatives,
on the lOfh day of February, 1823, by the nearly
unanimous voi# of 131 yeas to 0 nays. It was ex-
pressed in the following words:
"Resolved, That the President of the United States lie re-
quested to enter upon and pro.-ecute from time to time such
negotiations with the maritime powers o( Europe and Americ.i
as he may deem expedient, tor the eli'ectual abolition of the
African slave trade, and its ultimate denunciation as piracy
under the law ot nations, by consent of the civilized world."
Both of these solemn acts—-the resolution of
the House of Representatives in 1823, as well as the
stipulation ot the treaty of Ghent—clearly recog-
nised the propriety and necessity of some system
of combined action among the maritime powers of
the world, to put an end effectually to the slave-
trade. Great Britain early emhraeed, and has till
now perseveringly adhered to the opinion, that the
mutual concession of a right of search, to be exer-
cised by the armed cruisers of each party over the
merchant vessels of the others, is the only effectual
means of putiing an end lo this infamous trafhc.
The United States, on the other hand, unable to
forget the serious wrongs they had so recently ex-
perienced from the abusive exercise of the right of
search; jealous, above all thing1-, of the immunity
of their flag, and of the general freedom oftheseas—
the commonand equal inheritance of all nations-
have been unwilling to compromise these great
intetests. by entering into an arrangement in-
volving so vital an innovation upon the establish-
ed maritime code; especially as they believed other
means were to be found no less effectual for the
accomplishment of the cuinmon object of the sup-
pression of the slave-trade. Great Britain, in the
mean time, succeeded in making treaties with
Spain, Portugal, and the Netherlands, for the mu-
tual right of search. And other European States
having, from time to time, come into the same ar-
rangement, the United States are now the on'y
considerable maritime power that has continued
to refuse its accession to a system which they could
not but regard as compromising, in a high degree,
the general freedom of the seas. It has "thus,
doubtless, happened that the American flag has
been, in many instances, fraudulently used to cover
vessels really belonging to States who are parties
to the mutual grant of the right of search,, from
the exercise of that right; and, to prevent this eva-
sion, the Government of Great Britain recently put
forth a pretension of alarming extent, and which
we have resisted, and must ever resist, as wholly
unsustainable upon any just principle of public law;
to wit, that her cruisers have the right to board and
detain vessels sailing under the American flag,
when they shall judge it proper to do so, to ascer-
tain, by an examination of their papers, whether
they are truly and bona fide American or not.
This was the state of things existing at the com-
mencement of the present session of Congress,
when the President laid before us the correspond-
ence which had taken place on the subject of this
new pretension between our Minister at London and
Loid Palmerston and Lord Aberdeen, successively
her Majesty's Secretaries of State for Foreign Af-
fairs. The message of the President, referring to the
same pretension, heid the following emphatic and
unequivocal language:
"However desirous the United States may be tor the sup-
pression ot the slave-trade, they cannot consent to interpolations
into the maritime code, at the mere will and pleasure of other
Governments. We deny the light of any such interpolation to
anyone or alt the nations of tile earth, wuhoutourconsent.
We claim to have a voice in all amendments or alterations of
that code; and when we are given to understand, as m thi-- in-
stance, by a foreign Government, that its treaties with other ria
tlon3 cannot be executed without the establishment and enforce-
ment of new principles of maritime police, to be applied with-
out our consent, we mtii-t employ a language neither of equivo-
cal import, norsusceptible of misconstruction. American citi-
7. ;ns, prosecuting a lawful com metre m the African seas, under
the flag ot their country, are not responsible for the abuse or
unlawful use of that liag by others; nor ean they rightfully,
on accountof any sue!) alleged abuses, be interrupted, molested,
or detained, while on tbeoceatl."
Here, then, is the answer of the American Gov-
ernment, in the highest and most authoritative
form known to its official intercourse, to the pre-
tension advanced on the pait ol Great Britain, in
the discussion with our late Minister at London.
It is an unequivocal negation of that pretension, in
principle end in practice, and leaves nothing to be
done which could announce in more emphatic
terms our determined resistance to it.
The vital question of the independence of our
flag being thus disposed of, by the prompt, unequivo-
cal, and final answer of the American Government
to this new pretension, other considerations of an
important character present themselves lo view. It
is shown, by the correspondence just referred lo,
and other incontestable proofs that the American
flag has been extensively abused to cover this in-
iquitous traffic—sometimes by American citizens,
notwithstanding the severity of our penal enact-
ments; but more frequently by the subjects of oilier
powers—by Spanish, Portuguese, or Brazilian
slave-dealers, who a-sume the American colors to
protect them from the light ol search, to which
Ihey would be subject under their own national
flags. The fact of this abuse is admitted bv our
Government. Mr. Stevenson, in his letter to Lord
Aberdeen, says: "That the flag of the United Slates
has been grossly abused, there is too much reason
to believe and deplore." The same declaration is
repeated by the Piesident, in his message to Con-
gress at the commencement of the present session:
and in the correspondence befween Loid Palmer-
ston and Mr. Stevenson, which accompanied that
message, the mortifying fact is disclosed that, of the
four vessels sailing under the American flag, which
had been visited and detained by British cruisers
on the. coast of Africa, (and which it became the
duty of our minister to make the subject of repre-
sentation and complaint to the British Government,
on account of the violation of the flag,) every one
of them turned out, upon inquiry and investigation,
to be shivers, furnished with American captains
and American papers; but, in reality, as there is
reason to believe, Spa/iisti property.
Seeing, then, that our flag has been shamelessly
abused to cover an infamous traffic, which our laws
were the first to denounce and pursue with ade-
quate penalties—that it has been made a shelter to
screen from the punishment due to their crimes the
most profligate of the human race,—does not the
national honor demand that we should give to the
world an assurance of our determination to cleanse
and preserve it from this horrible pollution'! We
have, upon considerations of the highest state poli-
cy. and from a jealous solicitude to maintain the
freedom of the seas, refused to concede that mutual
right of search which other nations have consented
to yield, as an instrument for the suppression of the
slave-trade. Wehave, with still stronger determi-
nation, and upon impregnable grounds of public
law, declared our resistance to the new pretension
of subjecting our flag to visitation and detention,
for the alleged purpose of carrying into execution
the agreements of other powers, to which we have
refused to become a party. Under these circum-
stances, is it not due to the character of the Ameri-
can people, pledged by all their past history to the
great cause of the final suppression of the African
slave-trade, that, while rejecting the plans proposed
by other Governments for this object, we should
come forward with one of our own, which will af-
ford a complete guaranty against the prostitution to
which we have seen our flag so vilely exposed, and
which will, at ihe same lime, bring the most effi-
cient means lo the general extirpation of this odious
tiaffic, without intrenching on the liberty of the
seas and the established principles of maritime
law"!
Considerations and sentiments such as these,
doubtless suggested the arrangement contained in
the treaty. By that arrangement, it is stipulated
that the two powers shall each maintain a squadron
of not less than eighty guns on the coast of Africa,
to enforce, separately and respectively, the laws and
obligations of each country for the suppression of
the slave-trade: the two squadrons to be perfectly
independent of each olher; but, at the same time, to •
act in concert and co-operation for the attainment of
the common object, under such orders as shall, from
time to time, be given by their respective Govern-
ments. And it is farther stipulated, that the two
parties will uni'e in all becoming representations
and remonstrances to any power within whose do-
minions markets for the purchase of African slaves
may be still allowed to exist, to close such markets
at once and foiever. In virtue of this arrangement,
(which is limited to five years, if either party shall
wish then to terminate it,) each power will, sepa-
rately and independently, exercise the necessary
supervision and police over all vessels sailing un-
der its own flag; neither being permitted to visit or
search the vessels of the other; but the presence of
the two squadrons, always on the alert, and acting
in friendly concert, will afford, by their vigilant
oversight, complete security against the use of the
flag of either power to cover the prohibited traffic,
and will, at the same time, give protection to the
merchant vessels of each, when necessaiy, from all
unlawful interruption or molestation.*
This arrangement is adapted to meet every exi-
gency of the case, and reconciles the most vigor-
ous measures for the suppression of the slave-trade
with a sacred regard for the independence and im-
munity of the national flag. It vindicates from all
suspicion the sincerity of the United States; which
their persevering and solitary opposition, for a long
time, to the mutual concession of the right of search,
for the more effective pursuit and detection of the
traffic, exposed to injurious doubtsand misconstruc-
tion. At the same time, it has the merit of a strict
lidelity to American principles. It is, indeed, the
identical plan which, when Lord Castlereagh was
so earnestly insisting on a mutual right of search as
the only effectual means for the suppression of the
slave-trade, President Monroe caused to be present-
ed, as the American contre-projet—which, however,
did not prevent his Lordship from recurring to,
and urgently pressing, again and again, his favorite
light of search. The proposition referred to was
developed in a letter from the Secretary of State
* In the speech of Mr. Ilenton on the British treaty, recently
published, he claims great credit to Mr. Van Buren's adminis-
tration for having rejected, as contrary to the principles and
policy of this Govei iiiuent, an aeieement of co-operation for
the supptession of the slave-trade, which, he says, was similar
to th, it contained m the tieaty. rMr Benton's allusion, itseems,
k to a letttr of Mr Paulding, i?ectetaiyof the Navy, to Lieur.
Pa'ne, commanding the I nited States schooner Grampus; in
which the Secretary disapproved an arrangement entered into
by that .'fli'-er with t'oe tommander of a British cruiser on
the cons! of Africa, by which "Lie.it Paine delegated to
the Riliish cotnmandei the right to seize and detain, under
rciI.ictrcmnstae.ee--, waiting under American col-
ors" Now, it was this "delegation ol power to seize and de-
tain vessels under American colors" which ?.lr. Paulding de-
t land was "unauthoi,zed by instructions, andcontiary to the
established and wellAoown principles and policy of the Ameri-
can Government." But Mr Benton surely will not say that the
arrangement mede in the treaty delegates to British cruisers
the uzht lo sci^e end detain vessels sailing under Ameri-
can colois It is precisely tse coritiary: for the treaty ex-
pressly declares that ihe two squadtons are to enforce, sepa-
rately and re*pcctictly, the Saws of each counlty for the sup-
pression of the slave-trade, and that they axe to be independent
of each other. The same letter of Mr.'Pauldin^, however, en-
joins ''a friendly co op°ration with the British, cruisers in.
the suppression of rhe slave-trade;'' and expressly authorize^
Lieut. Paine uto cruise in company and co operation with
any British vessel of war employed on the slave coast"—
which is precisely wh it is done (neither less nor more) by the
treaty arrangement so much denounced bp Mr. Benton!
