64
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives, 
August, 1842?
Senate.
to the Hon. Stratford Canning, dated the 30th of
December, 1820:
"But, white regretting that the character of the organized
means of co-operation f.>r the suppression of the African slave-
trade, proposed by Great Britain, did not admit of our concur-
rence in the adoption of them, the President has been far fiom
the-disposition to reject or discountenance the general proposi-
tion of concerted co-operation with Great Britain, to the ac-
complishment of the common end—the suppression of the
trade. For this purpose, armed cruisers of the United States
have been for some time kept stationed on the coast which is
the scene of this odious "traffic—a measure which it is in the
contemplation of this Government to continue, without inter-
mission. As there are armed British vessels, charged with (he
same duty, constantly kept cruising on the same coast, I am
directed'by the President to propose that instructions, lobe
concerted oelween the tico Governments, with a-view to mu
tiial assistance, should be given to the commanders of the ves-
faels respectively assigned to that service; that they may be or-
dered, whenever the occasion may render it convenient, to
cruise in company together* to communicate mutually to each
other all information obtained by the one, and which may he
useful to the execution of the dunes of the othei; and to give
each other every assistance which n,ay be compatible with the
performance of their own service, and adapted to the end which
15 the common aim of both parties.5'"
An apprehension has been expressed, Mr. Presi-
dent, that this arrangement will carry with it dis-
appointment to our ancient ally and friend, France
—who, by withholding her ratification from the
jqumtuple treaty, has placed herself upon common
ground with us, in regard to the great question of
the freedom of the sea; and that it may tend to
weaken the position so gallantly assumed, on the
same occasion, by our able and patriotic minister at
Paris. Neither consequence, I am persuaded, can
possibly arise. Prance will sec with satisfaction, on
the one hand, that Great Britain has acceded to a
scheme of maritime co-operation for the suppres-
sion of the slave-trade, involving no right of search;
and, on the other, that the United States, while
maintaining intact the independence of their flag,
have agreed to devote an efficient portion of their
naval powei to the common cause of extirpating a
traffic which has become the horror of the civil-
ized world. She will see, in the principles on
which this arrangement is founded, the very doc-
trines heretofore asserted by her most distinguished
statesmen—by Talleyrand, in 1814; by the Otic de
Richelieu, in 1818; and by Chateaubriand, in 1822:
and in the arrangement itself she will see an ex-
act reflection of the conlrc-pnjel which she caused
to be presented (o the Congress of Aix la Chapelle,
as a substitute for the Butish proposition of a recip-
rocal right of search In tegard to oar distin-
guished representative at the court of France, the
conclusion of this arrangement will serve only to
crown his useful and efficient service--; and the'rat-
ification of the quintuple treaty—which, by his
tiraelv and well-diiected efforts, he has contiibuted
thus far to avert—must henceforward be considered
as dejiiulu-eli/ withheld. No person honors more
than 1 do the true-hearted instincts of American
patriotism, as well as the sagacious views and lofty
spirit, which have directed our able minister, at so
important a juncture. Tie has entitled himself to,
and will undoubtedly receive, the warmest thanks
of his country.
The incidental advantages attending this nr-
rangeniem, in the support and protection which
the presence of an American squadron will give
to our growing commerce on the coast of Africa—
a commerce susccptiblc of the most beneficial de-
velopments, through the civilizcd colonial settle-
ments already established there—constitute an im-
portant additional recommendation of it. This
cousidetalion eaily attracted I he attention of the
pioper department; and we sec, fiom the report of
the Secretary of the Navy at ihc commencement
of the session, that he proposed to enlarge mate-
rially the numhprof vessels employed on the Albi-
can station, as well in reference to this object, as
(or the suppression of the slave-trade. The extent
of the squadron stipulated to be maintained there,
is probably not greater than the Secretary would
have deemed expedient in any event; and the ex-
pense will be amply repaid in resulting benefits to
the commerce of the country.
The lastsiipulalion in the treaty which remains
to be noticed, is that by which the parties agree
mutually to surrender fugitives from justice, m
certain cases. An arrangement of this sort be-
tween neighboring States, whose territories border
on each other through an extended boundary—pre-
senting to offenders great facilities of escape from
one jurisdiction into the other—seems to be urgently
demanded by the interests of peace, law, and social
order. So just and proper is it in itself, that some
writers of high authority on the law of nations
have regarded it as a matter of absolute obliga-
tion, independently of treaty stipulations.^ The
modern and better opinion, however, (considering
how diversified, and often arbitrary, is the penal
legislation of different countries,) is, that there is
no obligation to surrender fugitives from the crim-
inal justice of one country taking refuge in
another, but in virtue of positive and precise com-
pact. The want of some conventional arrange-
ment of this sort between the United States and
Great Britain has been particularly felt in the
States of the Union adjacent to the Canadas and
other British possessions on the continent, where
the prospect of I he easy impunity gained by pass-
ing from one side to the other of the boundary
line has been found to operate as a great tempta-
tion and encouragement to crime. Several of
those States have manifested an earnest desire for
such a reciprocal arrangement between the two
Governments. The stipulation in thetreaty, it will
be seen, is confined exclusively to crimes of an
aggravated character against life or property—such
as murder, robbery, piracy, and some two or three
other enumerated offences, carefully pretermitting
all political offences; and lest some unforeseen
abuse or inconvenience should arise in the practi-
cal administration of the agreement, the right is
reserved to either party to terminate it at will.
This article closes the circle of matters embraced
by the treaty. There are other questions, of much
interest to both countries, which have formed the
subject of an important correspondence between
the Secretary of State and the special minister of
Great Britain. This correspondence has been laid
before the Senate with the treaty, and must neces-
sarily enter into their consideration in disposing
of the treaty itself. It has, therefore, attracted the
carelul attention of the committee; and they have
seen, with pleasure, that there has been an amica-
ble and honorable understanding, or an unpoitant
advance to such an understanding ultimately, on
each of the questions which formed the topic of
bat correspondence.
The first of those questions that present them-
selves to view, is the o flair of the steamboat Caro-
line, captured and desl royed, some years ago, with-
in the territorial limits of the United Stales, and
forming part of the arrears of an unsettled diplo-
matic account which the present Administration
inherited from the last. It is no part of my pur-
pose (said Mr, It.) to cast censure unnecessarily
anywhere, or to enter into a partisan discussion of
any of the questions which now come befoie us for
a grave and calm deliberation. But, as gentlemen
have seen fit to indulge in very unsparing denun-
ciations of the course pursued by those now in pow-
er, in regard to this affair, and have given the reins
to their imaginations in the most boundless and gra-
tuitous praises of the course of the late Adminis-
tration on the same subject, it becomes indispensa-
ble to a just understanding of the question, to restate
facts in the nakedness of their historical truth.
The seizure and destruction of the Caroline oc-
curred at Schlosser, on the Niagara frontier, m
December, 183"; being the first year of Mr. Van
Buren's administration. It led :o a brief coire-
spondence between Mr. Forsyth and Mr. Fox, at
Washington; and Mr. Stevenson, our minister at
London, was instructed to make a formal repre-
sentation io the British Government on the subject,
and to demand redress. This representation was
made by Mr. Stevenson, in a note to Loid Palmers-
ton dated the 22dof May, 1838, His note remain-
ing without any other answer than a mere ac-
knowledgment of its receipt for moie than twelve
months, Mr, Stevenson, very properly, wrote to
Mr. Forsyth in July, 1839, stating that he "regretted
to say no answer had yel been given to his note in
the case of the Caioline," and desiring lo know "if
n was the wish of the Government that he should
press the subject again; and, if so, with what de-
gree of urgency." in answer to this communica-
tion, Mr. Forsyth, in September, 1839, replied, that
no instiuetions weie then required for again bring-
ing forward the question of the Caioline; thar he
had had frequent conversations with Mr. Fox m
regard to the subject—one of very recent date; find
"from its tone, the President expects the British
Government will answer your [Mr. Stevenson's]
application in the case without much farther de-
lay." But, in point of fact, the President's expect-
ation was not fulfilled; the British Government
gave no answer to Mr. Stevenson's "application in
the case;" and so the matter stood—the formal rep-
resentation made by Mr. Stevenson xetnaining
-wholly unnoticed by the British Government foi
eighteen months longer, and down to the close of
Mr. Van Buren's administration! For three long
years Mr. Van Buren patiently acquiesced in this
silence, and slept oyer an outrage which gentle-
men—his friends and eulogists on this floor-
would persuade us, in the lofty flights of their
chivalry and eloquence, they burned to avenge by
an instant recourse to arms.
What advantage has been naturally taken of
this most extraordinary acquiesence of the last ad-
ministration, to embarrass any renewed demand for
redress, is strikingly shown in the following pas-
sage of a note addressed by Lord Palmerston to
Mr. Stevenson on the 2d of September last, which
isnow before me:
"It appears, then, that, fot nearly three years, the United
States Government acquiesced in the silence of her Majesty's
Government on (his subject; for though in September, 1839,
Mr Forsyth slated, as a reason lor not pressing hel Majesty's
Government for an answer, that the President had been led, by
some conversation of Mi Fox, to expect the Butish answer
without any further delay, yet that reason necessarily ceased
with the further lapse ol time, and could not be said to have
held good as lone as till die beginning of 1840 Mr. Stevenson,
moreover, specifically states, m his note of the 31st ultimo, that,
during the whole interval between the date of his note of May,
1833, and the time when the arrest of McLeod became known m
England, in February, 1841, no communication ever took place
between himselfand the undeisigned on thesubject of the Car-
oline. Now, as neither Mr. Stevenson, nor the late President
Van Buren, have ever shown themselves deficient in watchful
and active attention to all matters in whie.h (he just lights of
the United States are concerned, the undersigned considers that
he has not much erred in supposing, as stated mhis fonnercom-
muoication. that thisM/?^ and intentional silence of the Uni*
tee! States Government, and of its minister at this court, upon
the subiect oi the Caroline, aiose from the considerations to
which the undei signed advened in that note."
The considerations adverted to in his Lordship's
former note, as expressed by himself, were, that the
President was "perfectly aware" that the British
Government considered the destruction of the Car-
oline a justifiable act of self-defence, done by order
of her Majesty's colonial authorities; that both what
her Majesty's Government had done, and what they
had abstained from doing, "could leave no doubt on
the mind of the President" that the British Gov-
ernment intended to decline to comply with the de-
mand contained in Mr. Stevenson's note; and that
the presumption, therefore, was, that the President,
in not pressing for an answer, was actuated by the
consideration that it was better lo leave the refusal
of the British Government to be inferred from its
silcnce, than to have it formally communicated in
answer to an explicit demand of the United States.
However this may be, (and 1 do noimean, said
Mi. R., lo enter into the merits of the diplomatic
digiadiation which took place on the occasion be-
tween Lord Palmerston and Mr, Stevenson,) noth-
ing is, clearer than that President Van Buren can-
not claim the benefit of the plea which is now set
up for him—lo wit: that, during the petiod of his
administration, the destruction of the Caroline pre-
sented itself to him, for aught that appeared to the
contrary, as the mere "act of individuals."*
So far is this from being the case, that his own
minister plenipotentiary, in the note addressed by
him to Lord Palmerston in May, 1838, "in obedi-
ence to instructions," expressly presented the out-
rage for which he was directed to demand redress,
as one "committed by British troops from the prov-
ince of Upper Canada," "forming a portion of the
11: itish force at Chippcictt" and "planned and exccu-
ted, itnth Ilie knowledge and approbation of the Lieu-
tenant-Governor of Upper Canada." Whatever
other reasons, then. Mr. Van Buren may have had.
for his extraordinary and patient acquiescence
in the long-continued omission of the Brit-
ish Government to return any answer to our
demand of reparation in the case of the Caroline,
he cannot take the benefit of an after-thought, in
contradiction with his own deliberate official act.
He may have thought, perhaps, that, in a case
where the justification, of the British Government
rested on a question of fact as lo the degree and ur-
gency of that necessity of self-defencc under which
their authorities professed to have acted, and in re-
lation to which the testimony and statements relied
on by the respective Governments were directly at
variance, prudence and a proper regard for the
peace of the two countries forbade that their rela-
lions should be brought to extremity on a point of
dubious and debatable evidence, where, amid the
conflict of opposing statements, it was difficult to
ascertain the truth. But, considering the gravity
of the occurrence, and the danger of its being
drawn into precedent by a powerful and haughty
neighbor, he owed it to the character of the coun-
"Mr. Benton's speech
