66
$7th Cong .3d Sess.
APPENDIX TO "THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives, 
August, 1848a
Senate.
hastily dealt with. You may, however, be assured
that measures so important for the preservation of
friendly intercourse between the two countries shall
not be neglected."
" In the mean time," he says, " I can engage that
instructions shall be given to the governors of her
Majesty's colonies on the southern borders of the
United States to execute their own laws with care-
ful attention to the wish of their Government to
maintain good neighborhood; and that there shall
be no officious interference with American vessels
dri ven by accident or by violence into those ports. The
lams and duties of hospitality shall be executed; and
these seem neither to require nor to justify any fur-
ilter inquisition into the state of persons or things on
■ board of vessels so situated, than may be indispensa-
ble to enforce the observance of the municipal law
of the colony, and the proper regulation of its har-
bors and waters."
These declarations and engagements, in their
spirit and obvious import, go far towards giving us
the practical security we have so long sought; and
wanting only the formality of a treaty stipulation,
present, in the plighted faith of an accredited pub-
lic minister, acting with the approbation and au-
thority of his Government, a guaranty which all
great nations regard as no less sacred and obliga-
tory. Who that looks back upon the state of this
question, as it was left four years ago by the re-
peated, peremptory, and unceremonious repulses,
which Mr. Van Euren's administration met with
from Lord Palmerston on every branch of the sub-
ject, can fail to recognise the important advance
which a spirit of justice and conciliation, wisely
consulting the interests of peace and good neigh-
borhood, has now made towards the ultimate re-
moval of one great cause of irritation and com-
plaint in the relations of the two countries'!
Th8 last subject treated of in the correspondence
which has been laid before us, is the great and vi-
tal question of impressment. Nothing, through a
a large portion of our history, had exercised so em-
bitterifig and disturbing an influence on the rela-
tions of" England and America as the ancient, and,
we may trust, now obsolete pretension of impress-
ing British seamen (and, under that name, in very
many instances, our own citizens) from onboard the
merchant vessels of the United States. It was fit-
ting, therefbre, in seeking to establish the peace of
the two countries on durable foundations, by the
adjustment of so many questions of present inter-
est, to anticipate the consequences which would in-
evitably attend the revival of a pretension so re-
volting lo the national sensibilities, in the event of
anotherEuropean war; and to declare, frankly and
beforehand, to the British Government, that it was
a practice which would henceforward never be
submitted to, but would be promptly resisted at
every hazard, if it should be attempted to be re-
newed. This declaration, at the moment of ter-
minating a negotiation which, it was hoped, would
consolidate a permanent good understanding be-
tween the two countries, was due to the spirit of
frankness and manly dealing, and called for by the
true interests of peace. It was to be made, as the
Secretary of State remarks in his letter to Lord
Ashburton, "not to revive useless recollections, or
lo stir the embers from fires which have been, in a
great degree, smothered by many years of peace;
but to extinguish those fires effectually, before new
incidents arose to fan them into flame."
The Secretary of State, therefore, addressed a
note to Lord Ashburton, in which he reviews and
analyses with great clearness the grounds on which
the British doctrine of impressment rests; and, af-
ier demonstrating with conclusive and irresistible
rorce that it has no foundation whatever in any
principle of the common and recognised law of na-
tions, however countenanced by the municipal code
of England, he proceeds to declare that the Govern-
ment of the United States, after the most mature
deliberation on the subject, "is prepared to say
that the piactice of impressing seamen from Amer-
ican vessels cannot hereafter be allowed lo take
place;" that "it is founded on principles which the
United States do not recognise, and is invariably at-
tended by consequences so unjust, so injurious, and
of such formidable magnitude, as cannot be submit-
ted to;" that the rule laid down by Mr. Jefferson,
ivhen Secretary of State, in the origin of the discus-
sions between the - two Governments on this subject
—to wit: that "the vessel being American, shall be
evidence that the seamen on board are such"—will
hereafter be inflexibly maintained by this Govern-
ment; and that, "in every regularly documented
American merchant vessel, the crew who navigate it
will find their protection in the flag which is over
them," Here, at least, is a declaration worthy the
character of a Government conscious both of its
rights, and of its power ' to maintain them, and
which will find an echo in every American bosom.
Lord Ashburton, in acknowledging the receipt
of Mr. Webster's note, recognises the propriety,
in a season of peace, of anticipating and guarding
against "even possible causes of future disagree-
ment," especially in relation to "so grave a subject
of past irritation" as that of impressment; and al-
though without authority to enter upon its "settle-
ment" during the limited continuance of his mis-
sion, he entertains a confident hope that the task
may be accomplished, when undertaken with a
spirit of candor and conciliation. After adverting
to the "opposite principles maintained by the two
countries respecting allegiance to the sovereign,"
he admits that a "serious practical question does
arise, or rather has existed, from practices former-
ly attending the mode of manning the British
navy, in times of war;" that those practices were
attended "with injuries of an extent and importance
so formidable" as to call for a "remedy;" and that
he has "much reason to hope that a satisfactory ar-
rangement may be made, so as to set at rest all ap-
prehension and anxiety."
Now, sir, l.must say that, considering the mark-
ed contrast between the matter as well as the tone
of Lord Ashburton's note, and the manner in
which every allusion to the subject of impress-
ment has heretofore been invariably met by the
British Government, I cannot but regard it as a
wise and honorable abandonment of this odious
pretension, under the influence of a more calm
and enlightened public opinion, and the progress
which sounder principles of public law have hap-
pily made in the world since the return of general
peace.
It is true that Lord Ashburton says that the
"laws of Great Britain have maintained, from all
time, the doctrine of perpetual allegiance," and
that, in virtue of these laws, "all subjects of the
Crown are, in case of necessity, bound to serve
their country; and the sea-faring man is natually
taken for the naval service." Now, to all this, as
matter of English law and English prerogative,
we take no exception. But we say that the exe-
cution of English law must be confined to English
jurisdiction; that, if Great Britain chooses to en-
force this alleged obligation of perpetual allegiance
against her natural-born subjects, who are sea-far-
ing men, she may do so, for aught we have to
say, by impressing them while they are within the
limits of English territory, and onboard of English
ships; but that, if she attempts to do so from on
board the ships of other nations, she trespasses
beyond her jurisdiction, and violates the law of
nations. It is to be remarked that Lord Ashbur-
ton, keeping this distinction clearly in view, while
asserting the right of the Crown to the services
of its natural-born subjects as a doctrine of the
English law, nowhere sets up a claim to enforce that
service on hoard Ihe vessels of aforeignpower—which
is the gist of the whole controversy.
How different was the language of Lord Castle-
reagh, when, shortly alter the commencement of
the late war with Great Britain, the Government of
the United States, anxious to arrest the farther ca-
lamities of the conflict, authorized a proposition to
be made, through Mr. Russell, to the British Gov-
ernment, assenting to a suspension of hostilities on
the condition of a repeal of the orders in council,
and that instructions should be immediately given
to discontinue the impressment of persons from
American vessels, and to restore the citizens of the
United States already impressed; with the under-
standing that, in that case, a law would be passed
by Congress to prohibit the employment of British
seamen in the commercial or public service of the
United States. Lord Castlereagh, in his answer to
the proposition of Mr. Russell, thus nakedly and
imperiously asserts the British claim of impress-
ment:
"I cannot refrain from expressing my surprise that, as a con-
dition preliminary even to a suspension of hostilities, the Gov-
eminent of the United Statesshould have thought fit to demand
that the British Government should desist from its ancient and
accustomed practice of impressing British seamen from the
merchan t&hips of a foreign State, simply on the assurance
that a law shall hereafter be passed to prohibit the employment
of British seamen in the public or commercial service of that
State."
_ In the same spirit, when the American commis-
sioners at Ghent, in their projet of a treaty, offered
an article proposing only a suspension of the prac-
tice ofimpressment for a limited time—accompanied,
too, with a stipulation on our part to exclude British
seamen from our naval and commercial service,
and also to surrender deserters from their ships—
the British commissioners dashed their pen through
the article, simply writing the word "inadmissible"
against it.
When, instead of all this, we see an experienced
and able British statesman, charged with the views
of his Government, frankly admitting the evils
and injuries attending this practice, refraining from
any attempt to justify it on grounds of international
law, and expressing a confident belief that the sub-
ject may be satisfactorily adjusted,—and„this in an-
swer to a formal representation from the*American
Government, remonstrating against the pretension
as utterly indefensible in principle, and intolerable
in practice, and calling for its total renunciation,—
does so marked a change of tone, under such cir-
cumstances, admit of any reasonable interpretation,
but that the English nation and Government, under
thfc influence of the moral and enlightened code
which now controls the intercourse of nations, are
prepared to abandon a claim which can find no
countenance or support in the principles of that
code.*
Whether, then, we look to the character of the
treaty stipulations which have been entered into, or
to the results of the correspondence between the
representatives of the two Governments, every
sound view of the interests and honor of the coun-
try equally demands the acceptance and ratification
of the treaty. It is earnestly objected to the ratifi-
cation, that there has been no adjustment of our
limits west of the Rocky mountains. Most cer-
tainly it was greatly to be desired that our import-
ant territorial rigbtsin that region should have been,
definitively established. But, if it was found im-
practicable to come to an agreement on this sub-
ject at present, (as the President informs us it was,)
ought that to have been made a reason for decli-
ning an adjustment of so many other important in-
terests where an agreement was practicable and on
whose immediate adjustment the harmony, and
probably the peace, of two great nations was at
stake. The question of our Oregon territory, deep-
ly interesting as it undoubtedly is, is not likely lo
suffer by waiting for a brief season; and, in the
meanwhile, the adjustment of other subjects of
controversy will enable us to give a more undi-
vided attention to it, and to bring all our vigilance
and resources to bear upon it. And here, sir, I
must be permitted to protest against this great ques-
tion being treated as peculiarly a Western interest.
It has the broadest possible national relations, ad-
dressing itself to the pride and the interests of every
portion of the Union; and, for one, I beg leave to
say I shall be found as impracticable, if I should
have any voice in the matter, in yielding one " jot
or tittle" of our just rights in regard to it, as any-
representative of Western interests on this floor.
It is henceforward the sole unsettled point in our
immense boundary stretching from sea to sea,
which, till now, presented so many distracting
*The following extract from the London Times, an enlight-
ened and influential onran of public opinion in England, and
especially of the party now m power, published in October
last, (subsequently to the appearance of the correspondence
between Mr. Webster and Lord Ashburton,) fully sustains Mr.
Rlves'sin reference from Lord Aahbuiton'snote:
" Mr. Webster is certainly right in contending that the evils
of the system of impressment, as practised by this country in
foi mer years, are greatly enhanced when it is attempted to en-
force us operations beyond the natural limits of the territory
andjniisdiction of England and its dependencies. Except as a
belligerent right, nothing can be said in defence of it; and even
as a belligerent right, it is altogether different from the practice
of visiting neutral ships In search of the enemy's property
That right is a part of the law of nations; it is a necessary
paitof maritime warfare; and, in spite of occasional protests
against it, it has been asseried and exercised by all great mari-
time tetates, and by none more than by the French themselves,
m the best days of their naval renown. But, although a neutral
exposes himself to usk by tating the er.emy'sgoods on board,
ana becomes pro tanta an enemy, the circumstance of the
voluntary presence of certain English sailors on board an
American merchant ship is a very questionable sround for
exercising a quasi hostile power in that vessel. For, be the
municipal law of England what it may, in relation to a neutral
vessel, a British officer has no claim to act under any other lav?
than that which is recognised by the world, or conceded by
special treaty. '
"There is, we believe, a very strong probability that, in the
event of a war, no instructions for the impressment of British
seamen found in American merchant vessels will be issued to
our cru.sers. The right is doubtful; the inexpediency of
suck a practice certain: nor can it he necessary for the British
riavy to recruit Its forces by such means. It might, therefore,
bp. possible to accede to a declaration to this effect, and fa
renmnteapracticewhiehit is net intended tortvive.''
