27th Cong-•••3b Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'Debatl on the fine on General Jackson.  
Dec. 1842,
rrn
Senate.
government. Even in time of war, the private
citizen, the non-combatant, cannot be subjected to
the code which governs those engaged in warfare,
without a manifest violation of his civil rights.
A. person not enlisted in the service of the United
States, either in the army or the-navy, or in. the-
militia when in actual service, cannot be subjected
to the operation of martial law, because Congress
could confer no such power. It is limited in its
powers. The Constitution says, Congress shall
have power to declare war, to raise armies, to pro-
vide a navy, to provide arms and munitions of
war, and 10 make rules for the government of the
land and naval forces. On these limited and spe-
cific powers, it has been inferred that Congress
may declare martial law. To avoid this very con-
clusion, there is an express provision in the very
next section, among the restrictions on the power
of Congress, declaring that the remedy of the writ
of habeas corpus shall not be suspended, unless in
cases of rebellion or invasion.
A state of war, then, authorizes the suspension
of the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus, which
is the sacred instrument of liberty in the hands of
the Stale authorities; but does not give the right of
declaring martial law, as applicable to the commu-
nity generally, subjecting the citizen to a code
which is summary in its proceedings, and arbitrary
in its judgments. No citizen, unless with bis own
consent, is amenable to the military code; and that
occurs when he enlists in the army or navy, or is
called into action as part of the militia. There is
an express provision in the 5th article of the amend-
ments to the Constitution, which guards against
such a result, by declaring that "no person shall
be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infa-
mous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment
of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land
or naval forces, or in the militia when in actual
service, in time of war or public danger." The
only power Government has to establish a code of
martial law, is in relation to those who are enlisted
in its land and naval forces, including the militia.
It is to be regretted that such erroneous notions,
avowed in relation to mariial law, should pre/ail
in a country boasting of its civil liberty. All Con-
gress can do, even in the cases of war and invasion,
is to suspend the privilege of the writ of habeas
corpus; and that can be done by Congress only—
not by an officer of the Government without iis au-
thority. But that suspension of the writ, although it
may leave the individual subject to the inconveni-
ence of temporary restraint, does not subject him
to be tried and punished by the military code. If
an individual, no matter how high in commission,
or how much impelled by necessity, usurps the
power, he cannot be said to act rightfully, though
ha may be excused. A high and imperious neces-
sity may exist, which can alone form his excuse;
a«d whenever such a case is presented, he (Mr. B.)
would sustain the officer. Whelher such was the fact
in the case of General Jackson, should be distinctly
settled. And the report of the committee, present
ing all the facts of the case, would place the mat
ter ou the right footing, and prevent any erroneous
conclusions in relation to this question of martial
law.
He had dwelt on this point, because he con-
ceived these views too important to be overlooked.
He had been induced to go thus minutely into the
matter, with a view of showing that it contains a
grave and most important question, involving not
only individual life, liberty, and property, but the
liberties of this country, its dearest rights, and its
safeguards against the exercise of the most perilous
snd tyrannous power—apowersuch as this Govern-
ment, much less its commissioned officcr, has, and
. .can have, no right to assume for a moment. He
trusted that he had shown the propriety of the refer^
ence, and that it would be made.
Mr. LINN remarked that he should not have
said one word more at present—wishing to reserve
his remarks for the regular discussion of the meas-
ure—had not the Senator from Delaware made use
of some extraordinary ebserva'.ions, which de-
manded immediate notice. That Senator says: "It
has been argued by General Jackson's friends that
he (General Jackson) acted in conformity with the
ietser of the Constitution." If there was any indi'
VidnaV among the friends of General Jackson who
made use of any such argument during the discus-
sion of this bill last session, or at any other time,
he bad not heard it; and certain he was that he had
not himself used one expression to 'hat eitect.
What he and his friends did say was, that General
Jackson, under the circumstances in which he was
placed, acted nobly, and merited the approval and
gratitude of the whole country, so fully, unequivo-
cally, and repeatedly awarded to htm then, and
ever since the transaction. He was not the man
voluntarily to abandon bis duty to his country in
such a crisis, and take refuge behind the letter of the
Constitution for his excuse, after both country and
Constitution were destroyed by an invading en-
emy. He was not the man for any such line ot
conduct.
He had not sought to place the bill on any
ground different from that on which bills hereto-
fore had been placed for refunding officers in the
public service fines incurred, or judgments award-
ed against them, for official acts done for the benefit
of the country. Money paid by them, in compli-
ance with the mandates of the law, had been re-
funded by Congress; and upon the same ground he
placed this bill—that of restoring to the public ser-
vant money paid by him for the public good. He
had no wish to go any further with the subject than
this; and would not, unless compelled hy the re-
marks of others. He had no desire to disturb the
question of the constitutionality of the matter. The
question was, simply, whether General Jackson
shall have the same measure of justice extended to
him, which has been extended to other officers of
the .Government—even to the lowest in grade of
your revenue officers. The cases of Generals
Brown and Wilkinson, Colonel Purdy, &c , will
present themselves at once to the memory of Sen-
ators; they being of a high military character. This
bill must pass. The American people have willed
it. It is not with them a party question. All go
for it—Jew and Gentile, Democrat and Whig; and
it should be done promptly.
He should repeat, that the friends of this meas-
ure had not argued it on the ground of the act for
which the fine was incurred being constitutional.
He apprehended not one of his friends had taken
that position, and that therefore the Senator from
Delaware was in error in supposing it was so ad-
vocated. The consiitutional question was a re-
served question. The friends of the bill never urged
it on that ground; they never said aught about the
Judge being right or wrong. There might have
been those who disapproved of the course pursued
by the Judge, and so condemned it. But, whether
they did so or not, it had nothing to do with
the"bill now before the Senate, which was discon-
nected from any question of that kind. And, as
to the record referred to by the Senator from Dela-
ware, he knew not what it contained; but he hoped
the Senator would move to have it printed. Let
it come to light, and not be kept floating about in
holes and corners. If there is anything in it of
such importance as is supposed, it is right it should
be made known—right that ihe countiy should see
it.
It has been intimated by the Senator from Loui-
siana [Mr. Conrad] that this bill, after so long a
delay on the part of General Jackson and his
friends, was a popularity-hunting scheme. It may
be so; if doing justice to a venerable patriot soldier
and statesman would gain him favor with hiscoun
tryraen, he must confess he desired it, for he cov-
eted the popularity which would spring from doing
right; he desired no other.
It would be obvious to the most casual observer,
that General Jackson could not, in the plenitude
of power, ask that this money should be refunded
as a mark of approbation of his conduct; nor Mr.
Van Buren and his friends;—as the first was ac-
cused of subserviency, and the latter of wearing
"collars." No; it is reserved for the Whigs—to
his political opponents—to act with justice and
magnanimity, and do the deed themselves: the
more magnanimous, from the bitter political war
that has been waged for so many years.
He frankly confessed that it had escaped his at-
tention. It was first excited by the debates in the
Legislatures of the States of New York and Ohio;
and of the presentation of instructions to the House
of Representatives in favor of this measure from
the Slate of Michigan; in which latter, remarks
were uttered by an individual alike injurious to
himself and to Gen. Jackson, for he stated (as Mr.
L. understood) that the General had not paid the
amount of the fine himself—it being paid by ethers.
Could there be a harsher reflection upon the honor
and integrity of the man who had perilled all for
his country? It was, then, important to the Gene-
ral's fame that all doubt should cease npon that
point; that the historical fact of the payment of the
amount of the fine out of his own funds should be
placed beyond cavil or dispute, whilst he was yet in
the land of the living,
Mr. BAYARD did not know tbat the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Linn] had, in debating the
subject last session, put the clatm on that ground;
but he (Mr. Ba?ard) had a distinct recollection
thatsome one on his [Mr. Linn's] side of the ques-
tion didf and that the general gist of the argument
urged by the friends of the bill, was, that General
Jackson was perfectly justiged in resisting the
Judge's mandate. Now, he was ready to admit
that it might have been a case of the strongest
necessity. All be wanted was, that this point
should bs settled. Let a report of the committee
be made, patting the matter on its true foundation.
Let it be shown that it was a case of high necessity—:
that, under the circumstances then existing, Gen-
eral Jackson was excusable; and that, therefore,
the fine ought to be refunded to him. But let not
a bill, which is susceptible of a different construc-
tion, be passed, in the face of a construction which
all know is intended to be put upon it,
Mr. HUNTINGTON observed that he rose
merely to make an explanation. He understood
that, when the bill last session was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and it made its report,
all the facts were not before it. No.w, a different
state of facts was presented. In referring the bill
to the tame committee, it would be accompanied
by an authenticated document, affording informa-
tion to enable ihe committee to make a satisfactory
report. The document he alluded to was that in
the hands of the Senator from Delaware. He was
of opinion that the bill ought to take the ordinary
course of reference.
Mr. BAYARD remarked, that he had been
handed the paper to which he had referred by the
Senator trom Louisiana, [Mr. Conrad,] to whom
he would restore it.
Mr. WRIGHT hoped the Senator from Louis-
iana [Mr. Conrad] would present it to the Senate,
•and ask that it be printed. It is alluded to as a
paper containing important facts, and it was there-
fore desirable that it should be printed.
Mr. CONRAD observed, that, owing'ta the pecu-
liar position in which he stood in regard to the bill—
which had procured him the honor of a contro-
versy partaking somewhat of a personal character
with the distinguished individual for whose benefit
it is intended—he had determined to take no part in
this debate, but, having already fully expressed his
view?, to give a silent vote. He should not now
depart from this resolution, except to reply to au
ob ei vation which fell from the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Linn.] That Senator remarked that
the copy of the record referred to by the Senator
fr<->ra Delaware was floating about in holes and
corners of the Senaie, He did not know exactly
what meaning to attach to ihe expression.
Mr. LINN interposed to f^i-ure the Senator from
Louisiana that he did not insend by it anything of-
fensive or personal to him.
Mr. CONRAD hoped not; but the expression
was calculated to convey ihe idea that there was
some mystery or secrecy connected with ihis docu-
ment; and, as the Senator from Delaware had re-
ceived ii from him, he would beg leave to inform
the Senate how, and for what purpose, he had pro-
cured it.
Shortly after the, rejection of this bill, last sum-
mer, finding it resuscitated in the House, and sup-
posing it would probably tie his duty again to vote
on it, he deterniiEed to procure all the information
he could in relation to the facts of ihe case. He
accordingly wrote to the clerk of the court, before
which the proceedings had taken place, requesting
