70
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843*
3S7TH COMG-"-SD Sess.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
because the authority of General Jackson as the
military commander of that district was derived,
and could be derived, only from that Constitution
and laws; and beyond these, he could have no
rightful authority. I held, however, that the act
of disobedience to the writ of habeas corpus was ex-
cusable, if it was done under a belief that it was
indispensable to the safety of the city with the de-
fence of which he was intrusted.
Mr PORTER said he would not have detained
the Senate a moment at this stage of the discussion,
but for the fact that he considered himself as
called out by the allusion made by the Senator
from Missouri [Mr. Linn] to certain resolutions
adopted by the Legislature of Michigan a year
ago, purporting to instruct, the Senators from that
State on this floor how to vote on this bill. It is
true, that such resolutions were sent to me, and
were in my hands pending this bill during the last
session. It is also true, that I did not present them
to the Senate. I regarded them as a legislative
expression of opinion, addressed to myself only,
and not to this body. They assumed to control
my action here, but not that of anybody else.
They related merely to a private claim of small
pecuniary amount, and not Vo any great measure
of national policy. It was not necessary they
should be presented, in older that their moral
effect should be felt here; for the fact that this legis-
tive movement had been made, was sufficiently
notorious. Whether the Legislature of Michigan
be entitled to the honor, in this instance, of first
imparting warmth to national gratitude, which had
lain cold for more than a quarter of a century, I
am not prepared to say. It would seem, however,
from the remarks of the Senator, that the arrival
of these resolutions in this city first prompted him
to action here. That action was the introduction
of a bill, at the last session, precisely like the one
now before us. The fate of that bill is well
known. An amendment was offered, which di-
rected the refunding of this fine, with costs and
interest; with the proviso, "that this act should not
be construed as an expression of the opinion of
Congress upon any judicial proceeding or legal
questions growing out of the declaration of mar-
tial law by General Jackson during the defence of
New Orleans." I voted for this amendment, and
it was adopted by the Senate. On the question
which next presented itself, viz: the engrossment
of the bill, I voted in the affirmative. But that
vote was rendered ineffectual by that of the Sena-
tor and bis friends. The bill was lost.
It will be seen, Irom this reference to the history
of the cass during the last session, ihat my course
has been strictly in conformity with the wishes of
the Legislature of Michigan, as expressed in these
resolutions. Had I been disposed to regard them
as mandatory on me, I could not have acted dif-
ferently. In saying this, however, I mean not to be
understood as admitting myself to have been under
any obligation, constitutional or otherwise, to yield
the right which they assumed to exercise.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said: It will not have es-
caped observation, Mr. President, that I, too, stand
in the same relation to this matter with my friend and
colleague from Michigan. Itisfrue, sir, that resolu-
tions, such as have been described by the honorable
Senator from Missouri, passed the Legislature of
Michigan, and were sent duly certified to us here;
nor was it at all necessary, I think, that we should
thus have been reminded of ths fact.
The gentleman from Missouri has been pleased,
also, to draw into notice our omission to present
those resolutions to the Senate. For the present
occasion, at least, I am satisfied, so far as regards
myself, with the brief but general exposition made
by my colleague, of the motives which may have
induced the course we each of us pursued.
It will be observed, sir, that my name, too, is
registered among those who, last'rummer, voted
for a bill, the object of which was, without casting
reproach upon the distinguished judge who passed
the sentence, to remit the pecuniary fine imposed
upon General Jackson. Nor am I prepared to say
that I have since had occasion to vary the opinions
I then entertained in the matter. With regard
to the degree of respect in which 1 should hold the
expressed wishes or opinions of the authorities of
Michigan, on any subject, as well as with respect
to my own estimate of the extent of the obligation
which such resolu ions as are alluded to may be
deemed to impose, I am certainly not without some
opihions of my own—and opinions I have no dis-
position to conceal. And I assure my friend from
Missouri that I will feel myself at all times ready,
if he desire it, to explain them very fully and
frankly to him; or, when a fit occasion shall occur,
to expose them iit exlemo here in the Senate. But
now, at this late hour, I do not desire to delay the
Senatft-by entering upon an exposition which would
consume so much time. Indeed, afler what my
colleague has said, I should hardly have risen now,
but for his omission—accidental, I presume—to
notice the imputations I was very sorry to hear, but
which the Senator from Missouri allowed himself
to cast upon the gentleman who has the honor, in
the other wing of the Capitol, to represent the inter-
ests of Michigan. I do not know in what terms
that gentleman thought proper to announce the
resolutions in question, in the other House; nor do
I at all remember to have read the newspaper
which, we are informed, contained the account of
that procedure.
But, relatively to the animadversions in which
the gentleman from Missouri has been pleased to
indulge, and'waiving all comment upon the com-
petency or propriety of making thus the action of
the other House, or of any of its members there,
the subject of comment or criticism, much more
of censure, ft ere, I ask leave to say that the Repre-
sentative from Michigan in the other House is, I
have no doubt, abundantly competent, and on any
proper occasion will be equally willing, fully to
justify and defend his course, whatever it might
have been in this regard; and I only regret that
the gentleman from Missouri should here, in another
forum, have permitted himself thus to impugn the
conduct of an absent person.
The further consideration of the bill was then,
on motion to that effect, postponed to ths succeed-
ing Tuesday.
Mr. LINN hoped there would be no objection
to the publicity of the document in the possession
of the Senaior from Louisiana, and lhat the Sena-
tor would consent to lay it before the Senate in
the proper manner to warrant that course.
Mr. CONRAD had no objection.
The copy of the record was then presented in
form to the Senate; and, on motion of Mr. LINN,
ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
REMARKS OF MR. WELLER,
OP OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, January 3d, 1843,
The bill to repeal the bankrupt law being under
consideration, and the debate having taken a
wide range—
Mr. "WELLER rose, and said he had not risen
with any disposition to discuss the question really
before the House. This, indeed, was required by
the parliamentary law; but the common usage since
he had the honor of a seat here, had been to discuss
anything else except the question upon which we
were called to vote. In this instance, he found it
more convenient to observe the usage than the rules
of the House; and he should, after a few remarks
upon the question, allude to other topics introduced
by other gentlemen in this debate.
Mr. W. said he was opposed to the passage
of the bankrupt law at the extra session, be-
cause he then believed, as he still does, that such a
law was neither sanctioned by the Constitution, nor
called for by the voice of the people. After a care-
ful examination of that instrument, he could not
find that it authorized Congress to pass a law
sanctioning the violation of contracts—he alluded
to the retrospective feature in the law. For him-
self, he was in favor of a strict construction of the
Constitution, and he denied to Congress the exer-
cise of any power not expressly delegatedj or abso-
lutely necessary to the exercise of a delegated pow-
er. But gentlemen infer, because the States are in
express terms forbidden to pass any laws violating
contracts, and the General Government is not, that
therefore Congress may violate contracts! A re we,
then; to assume the power, because it is not forbid-
den by the Constitution? Did not the framers of
that instrument intend that this should be a Govern-
ment of limited, of delegated powers'* If the latitudi-
nous construction claimed by gentlemen be given
to that Constitution, then the General Govern-
ment is omnipotent. The States are prohibited
from passing laws violating contracts; the Federal
Government is not. Why is this1? Simply be-
cause the States would have had the power, if not
prohibited, to pass laws of that character; and be-
cause the Federal Government, deriving all its legis-
lative power directly from the Constitution, can do
nothing except that which it is expressly authorized
to do. Ifinthishe was correct, the only question
which remained to be decided, was, whether Con-'
gress could exercise the power conferred to pass uni-
form laws on the subject of bankruptcy, without vio-
lating contracts. If this could be done, then he held
■we had not the power to violate contracts. That it can
be done, must be obvious to all. A prospective
bankrupt law, to operate on contracts made after
its passage, would be a uniform law upon the sub-
ject of bankruptcy, and no violation of the Consti-
tution. To such a bill, properly guarded against
fraud, and so framed as to include your banks and
all other incorporations, he might not be disposed
to object. Then individuals wo aid make their bar-
gains with a full knowledge of the law. He could
easily see that such a measure might operate bene-
ficially upon the country, in checking excessive
credit, and, by drawing the banks within its influ-
ence, save the people from the immense losses
herefore sustained by the frauds of those institu-
tions.
This law, (said Mr. W.,) which we are now
called on to repeal, was passed under very peculiar
circumstances. At the extra session, after the bill
had been laid on the table (where every one sup-
posed it was destined to sleep the sleep of death) by
a decisive majority, the Whig members here were
entertained that evening at a certain board, where
the sparkling champagne flowed pretty freely, and
where rumor said an agreement was made to re-
consider the vote next morning. Snre enough,
when morning came, the identical same men
came into this hall, reconsidered the vote of the
previous day, and, in the twinkling of an eye, this
bill, with all its acknowledged imperfections, was
parsed. A majority ofthis House at that very time
was opposed to it; but it was passed to secure the
enactment of another bill, in which certain West-
ern Whigs felt a deep interest—he meant the land
bill; for it is well known that all the laws passed at
that session were passed by contract. Not one of
them had merits of its own sufficient to secure its
passage, if standing alone, it therefore became
necessary, in order to carry one bill, to pass several.
The land bill has been virtually repealed; and now
the friends of that, seeing the contract has been
violated, demand the repeal of the bankrupt law.
And hence we find the very men who aided by their
votes in passing this bill, now clamorous for its
repeal! What wonderful stability and harmony
there is in Whig legislation!
But why could not the law be repealed'? Could
it be pretended that the people were in favor of its
retention on the statute-book'? Would any gentle-
man rise in his place and tell him that? No, sir,
no one has the hardihood to hazard such a declara-
tion. Why not, then, pass this bill instantly?
Was it not the duty of this House first to ascertain
public sentiment, and then make legislation con-
form to it? When our masters the people have
clearly (as in this case) expressed their will, are we
not bound to bow submissively to it? But we have
been told that the people in 1840, by electing a ma-
jority of Whigs to this House, decided in favor of
of a bankrupt law! He denied this in tolo. No
such issue had been presented—no such decision
made. The act was passed by the Whig members
here, without consulting with their constituents; or
else why is it that you now find some twenty or
thirty of the very men who voted for it in favor
its repeal? Again: It has been said that the peo-
ple do not understand this bill—that their hostility
to it grows out of their ignorance! It is the prac-
tice of a certain class of politicians to denounce the
people as ignorant whenever they do not act in con-
formity with their particular opinions. At one
time you will hear them demanding that a law
shall be passed, because the people desire it; but
when the people are found to be opposed to it, then
it is said their opposition grows out of their ignor-
ance! Well, (said Mr. W.) I am inclined to the
opinion that the honest farmers in my district, who
have lost large amounts by the bankrupt law, know
