Jan. 184S,
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
,71.
27th Cong  "Sd
The Bankrupt Lav;—Mr. Weller.
H. of Reps.
something of its practical operation. They have
seen enough of it to satisfy them that it should be
repealed. The merits and demerits of the law
have since its passage been freely discussed
in the newspapers and in the popular assemblies^
and the people have almost with one voice demand-
ed its repeal. Why should not their judgment be
carried into effect"?
Mr. W. admitted that the unconditional repeal
of the law might operate hard, and even unjust-
ly, upon many individuals; for he had no doubt
some honest men would be compelled to declare
themselves bankrupts, in consequence of the dis-
charge of their debtors. Some of them would,
perhaps, after having been made bankrupts by the
law, be excluded from its benefits. Besides, owing
to the decision of one of the States, (Missouri,)
that the act was unconstitational, no one there
had been permitted to avail himself of its provi-
sions. He deeply sympathised with the ua fortu-
nate debtor, and was -willing to exercise all the
power conferred on him by the Constitution to
alleviate his sufferings, or release him from im-
prisonment; but, as he held that this law was un-
constitutional, he must vote for its repeal. Those
who believed with him, that the act was uncon-
stitutional, were compelled to seize the earliest op-
portunity to repair the breach made in its enact-
ment. It is true, the retroactive part of the law is
pretty well spent, and the greatest amount of evil
resulting from it has already been felt; but, no mat-
ter what benefits might result to the country from
its prospective features, he was bound to vote for
the repeal of this bill.
Having said this much on the subject before the
House, he would notice other questions discussed
in extenso by some of the gentlemen who had pre-
ceded him. In ranging over the wide field of
party debate, he was but following in the foot-
steps of liis illustrious predecessors.
He knew and admitted that the present Execu-
tive had had difficulties to encounter, such as never
obstructed the path of his predecessor. He came
into power upon the top of a popular wave, which
dashed from office a party which, for twelve years,
had had, to a great extent, the possession of the
Government. It could scarcely be expected that we,
who had been ejected from power by the influence
of his name, in conjunction with that of another dis-
tinguished individuaU-we, who had been so sig-
nally defeated at the ballot-box, would cherish any
very friendly feelings for him. It was but natural
that we should look with distrust—yea, even un-
lrindness—upon the individual who had been one of
the active agents in producing our overthrow. "VVe
came here, however, (said Mr. W.,) at the extra
session, with every disposition to aid in the proper
administration of the Government. That generos-
ity and forbearance which brave and chivalric
knights always extend to a defeated adversary, was
not extended to us. We were taunted with our de-
feat; and whenever we dared to raise our voices in
this hall, were told that the people had condemned us
—that we were like criminals in the cart, waiting but
for the arrival of the executioner to do his office
upon us! You of the Whig party were then in a
triumphant majority. Your victorious banner
waved over twenty of the States of this Confeder-
acy. So complete, so triumphant a victory, had
never before been achieved in the annals of party
warfare. He would not stop to inquire by what
means this revolution had been effected. It was
enough for him to say that they were such as had
since been condemned by the sober judgment of the
people—such as should cause a blush to mantle the
cheek of those who used them—such as he trusted,
for the honor of this country, would never again be
resorted to. Your distinguished leader, (Mr. Clay,)
whom a majority of you have so long delighted to
honor, was then in the other end ol the Capitol,
to shapen legislation so as to secure the succession
to himself. That was a happy hour for him; it
was the day of his triumph. He then imagined
that the difficulties which had heretofore obstruct-
ed his path to the Presidency were all removed,
and thai he would have an easy and rapid march
to the goal of his ambition—that goal for the at-
tainment of which he had directed all the mighty
energies of his mind for more than twenty years
Already he imagined himself seated in the Presiden-
ial chair,and dispensing with a lordly munificence
the patronage of the office amongst his friends
and followers. But, alas! how short-sighted is
man! How soon the destiny of the politician may
be changed! To-day, courted and caressed by a
crowd of fawning flatterers; to-morrow, when ad-
versity falls upon him, there are "none so poor
to do him reverence." Yes, (said Mr. W.,)your
chieftain has fallen—fallen "like Lucifer, never
to hope again"—blasted, scathed by the lightning
of popular indignation, he stands a most melancholy
monument of ill-directed ambition. He might
philosophize over his present prostrate condition,
and repeat as applicable to his own case the lines
ascribed by Shakspeare to Cardinal Wolsey in
the hour of his misfortune. He would not trouble
the House to recite them.
[Several gentlemen around Mr. W.said, "Repeat
them—let us hear them—recite them."]
Well, (said Mr. W.) I -will quote them for the
edification of gentlemen—
"This is the state of man; to-day he puts forth
The tender leaves of hope; to-moirow blossoms, «
And bears his blushing honors thick upon him;
The thiid day comes a frost, a killing frost;
And—when he thinks good easy man, full surely
His greatness is a ripening,—nips his root,
And then he falls as I do. 1 have ventur'd,
Like little wanton boys thatswim on bladders,
This many summers in a sea of glory,
But far beyond my depth; my high blown pride
Af length broke under me; and now has left me,
Weary, and old with service, to the mercy
Of arude stream that forever hide me."
Yes, sir, there has been a "frost, a killing frost,"
in Ohio, where your captain went to take charge
of his troops in propria persona—in Hew York,
Pennsylvania, Maryland, Maine—and, in fact,
nearly all the States—which has nipped the root of
his hopes, and produced an explosion of his "high-
blown pride." That banner which waved so proud-
ly in 1840, and under which he believed that his
friends could again be rallied to victory, is now
tattered, and torn, and trailing in the dust. But he
had no disposition to exult over a fallen foe, no.r to
do violence to the feelings of his gallant friends
who had adhered to him through good and through
evil report, and who were still willing to do battle
under his lead.
It is said, "whom the Lord loveth he ehasteneth."
If the degree of affection is to be measured by the
amount of chastening bestowed, one would suppose
that our Whig friends were the especial favorites
of Heaven. Surely, no party has ever been so se-
verely whipped. But there are some men who do
not profit by experience. There are some whose
souls are hardened by adversity; and he doubted
very much whether the recent afflictions of the
Whigs had softened their hearts, corrected their
principles, improved their manners, or disposed
them to abandon their heresies. Well, let them go
on in their wild and reckless course. They will
find that "the way of the transgressor is hard."
The people, seeing that their prosperity lies in the
defeat of the Whigs, will "laugh at their calami-
ties, and mock when their fear cometh." In their
efforts to break down the Executive for the exercise
of a constitutional power, they will find they are
"kicking against the pricks."
At the extra session, we were (said Mr. W.) in
a lean minority—a minority almost hopeless. Our
voices were too weak to resist the passage of the
unconstitutional and dangerous laws of that ses-
sion; but we fortunately found a Chief Magistrate
sufficiently devoted to the Constitution (in some re-
spects, at least) to save it from the ruthless hands of
the spoilers. He vetoed the bank bill, and thus de-
feated a measure fraught with the most dangerous
consequences to the country. He believed, if such
an institution had been permitted to go into full op-
eration, with branches extended all over the States
of this Union, i's corrupting influence upon the bal-
lot-box, and upon the legislation of the country,
would have been such as to have required a revo-
lution to put it down. We all know the influence
of concentrated, of organized wealth, in the hands
of ambitious, designing politicians. The history
of the late Bank of the United States furnishes us
with abundant evidence on this subject. Well,
(said Mr. W.,) the President, in the exercise of
his constitutional prerogative, arrested the bill: and
is it to be wondered at that we applaud him for
the acf? Would Whig orators on this floor expect
us to denounce, with their fish-market epithets, a
man who had thus nobly vindicated our princi-
ples'? Did they suppose that the same base ingrati-
tude which had, upon more than one occasion, sig-
nalized their conduct, would be exhibited by us"?
But he is denounced as a traitorWhat right had
they to expect that Mr. Tyler would approve of
their bank charters'! Had he not repeatedly, when
in public life, denied, in the most solemn manner,
the constitutional power of Congress to incorporate
such an institution1? Does any, man pretend that
he recanted "these sentiments, when canvassing
for the second office in the Government'? Did
he not, in his first message to Congress, say that"
such an institution had been condemned by the peo-
ple'? Could they expect him to disregard the
solemn judgment of the people upon this question'?
Why, then, charge him with treachery? Why,
say they, he is a traitor to the "universal Whig
e!" During the past administration, Mr. Van
n was denounced as the President of a party,
which they said was dangerous—ay, exceedingly
dangerous to the liberties of the people. Yes, said
he, these eloquent orators wanted no parly Presi-
dent; they wanted a man who would soar above
party trammels, and preside with impartiality over
the whole republic! Oh, no; there was nothing
selfish in their movements; they cared nothing for
office! Nothing but the most devoted affection—
the most ardent love for that unhappy country
which had been ruined, as they said, by the mal-
administration of a party President—fired their
bosoms, or nerved their arms, in the ever-memora-
ble contest of 1840! Well, sir, how stands the
case now"? Mr. Tyler refuses to be a mere party
President; he refuses to permit a legislative cau-
cus of Whig members to prescribe to him the man-
ner in which he shall discharge his executive du-
ties; he refuses to let other men construe for him
that instrument which he had sworn to maintain
and defend; in the language of the spoils haters of
1840, he soars above party discipline; he refuses to
fill the capacious maws of the horde of hungry
office-seekers who are constantly besetting him.
This is the head and front of his offending; and
for this, he is daily denounced on this floor by
these same disinterested, no-party patriots of 1810,
as a base and an infamous traitor !
Mr. W. said, he repeated that John Tyler had hact
no ordinary difficulties to encounter. He had been
placed in a position requiring the exercise of great
firmness and moral courage. He came into office
when the tariff had run down to its minimum
point, with an accruing revenue wholly inadequate
to defray the necessary wants of the Government.
The banking system—which, under vicious State
legislation, had swollen to an enormous bulk—was-
exploding, spreading ruin and desolation, over all
the interests of the country. States, as well.as indi-
viduals, were deeply involved in debt, and national
bankruptcy seemed almost inevitable. In this-
emergency, he was backed by no party here. Both
ofthegreal partie'sinihis hall were arrayed against
him. The Whigs would not sustain him, because
he refused to obey the mandates of their Captain-
General, and because he would not direct his patron-
age in suchaway as to secure him irtthesuccession.
The Democrats, it is true, supported some of his
measures zealously; but there were others which
they were compelled to oppose. Besides, they then
saw, as they still see, around him some men in
whom they never have had, and never can have, the
slightest degree of confidence. That the President
has been actuated in the discharge of his official
duties, by the highest considerations of patriotism,,
he had never doubted. That he conscientiously
believes that the measures which he has from time
to time recommended to our consideration are
calculated to advance the interests, and secure the
permanent prosperity of the country, he did not
question. And he would venture the prediction,
that, after the excitement which now prevails should
have subsided, and reason was once more permitted
to exercise her proper influence over the minds of
men, after the brawling partisans who are now de-
nouncing him here have turned'their attention to
some other object, the purity of his intentions, the
integrity of his motives (whatever may be the er-
rors of his administration) will be doubted by none.
Cherishing, then, (said Mr. W.,) as he certainly
did, the utmost feelings of kindness and respect for
the President, he trusted that he should not be
charged with a factious spirit in opposing some of
his measures. Whatever his personal feeling
might be, that could not influence his political sen-
timents; he never suffered his personal attach-
ments to control his political opinions. He was
wedded to Democratic principles; he had sworn
upon the altar of his country to devote his life to
their maintenance and dissemination; and neither
the sunny smiles or the courtly praises of friends,
nor the curses or threats of enemies, could change
his course.
We should not (said Mr. W.) attempt to stop the
