*2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1842.
-G7th C6kg^--*8d Sbss.
'iH-j-j-i'H'. ) In i:w*
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. A. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
•wheels.pf ferment merely because the man at
the jKii'ni'iy ribt'W the individual ,df our choice.
As tin wise kfbtild'it be in tlie brave sailor to
scuttjehis'.vesseland iirik her; beneath the waves
ceived opinions. What do we gainby stopping the
Government"! Do'we inflict chastisement oil the
President,'or"So we Spread ruin and distress
afttongst our 'bbnsitjieritsl "This_ Government be-
lOngs to nOparty—-it isthe common 'property of us
all—wcare jpint tenants in the glorious inherit-
ance which lias been transmitted to us by our an-
c^tbri; and we, who are charged with legislative
djities, are Under aiiobligation to see that its bless-
ings are unaiminished under our guardianship.
*t*|ie Stars and the stripes under which our brave
countrymen have so oflen rallied and so gal-
lantly fought, belong to no party; they are the rep-
resentatives of the whole American Republic:
Efe humbly conceived that it was the duty of the
Democratic party to sustain the Ad ministration,
•whenever they could do so withput abandoning
a$y of the principles upon which they have hith-
ertb, ftctgd. Our political Creed, being that upon
•which Jefferson and Jackson acted, is well under-
stood by the Country; and whenever the measures
"of Mr. Tyler'are in conformity with that creed,
will receive our, cordial support; but when
they come to us in questionable shape,' containing
any of the old leaven of Federalism, we are bound
to oppose them; and he trusted we should do so
boldly and fearlessly, regardless of the consequences
to ourselves. He would make no compromises with
anjy party, which required the sacrifice of a Demo-
cratic principle.
If (said Mr. W.) the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. CoshingJ had, as was represented, come
into this hall holding up the patronage of the Gen-
eral Government as a prize to'be struggled for by
the respective parties, he would have told him that
the President had not patronage enough (even if he
was so, disposed) to purchase so humble a member
as'he was—much less a majority of the Democratic
patty. No, sit; he would'sodnersce his own right arm
stricken from his body, andhis tongue palsied, than
sacrifice his principles, ■ or any portion of his inde-
pendence of character, at the footstool of any Presi-
dent. The mass of the Democratic party were
made of sternfer stuff than to be seduced from the
allegiance they owe to their principles by the hope
of office.
If (said ,Mr., W.) there be an idea in the mind of
any one that a party can be organized and sustain-
ed on executive gifts, let me say that, in my judg-
ment, it is entirely fallacious. The Administra-
tion must rely upon principles; and, if it expects
the support of the JDemocracy, it must take care to
make those .principles Democratic. Executive pa-
tronage may gather around the person of the Pres-
ident the speculating, trading politicians, who re-
gard public virtue as the mere coquetry of politi-
cal prostituiipo; but the first cloud of allversity
that rests upon him will be the signal for a general
desertion of his cause. In the hour of his prosper-
ity, they may, load his ears with fulsome praises;
but in the hour,of need they will abandon him.
Other .gentlemen had defined their position in re-
lation to the coming contest. So far as he was con-
cerned, if any gentleman desired to know where
he expected to be, he could answer that in a few
months he should lay aside his legislative robes and
become a private citizen. He expected that a na-
tional convention would be held, to reconcile the
differences of opinion which now exist among us
as to who the candidate shall be. When the result
is announced, he should be found as an humble
private, supporting that nominee, come he from the
.North .or South, the East or West. He held on to
the principles upon which he came into publiclife,
and, sink or swim, he should not abandon them.
REMARKS OF MR. KENNEDY,
OF INDIANA,
M the House of Representatives, Dcc. 28, 1842 
On the bankrupt law.
Mr. Everett having called the previous ques-
tion,
Mr. Kennedy appealed to him to withdraw it
until he, or some other person on his side of the
House, could be heard a few moments. .
Mr. Everett refused to comply.
Mr, Kennedy said, if he could make no better
bargain, he would undertake to renew the motion
when he was through with his remarks.
Mr. Everett persisted in his motion. [Cries of
"Vote it down."] And the question being put on a
second to the previous question, the House, by a
clamorous majority, refused the second. Where-
upon,
Mr. KENNEDY proceeded to address the House
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: The question of repealing the
bankrupt law has unexpectedly created great ex-
citement in this House, not so much from the de-
bate on the main proposition of repeal, as from
some incidental remarks which have fallen from
two sides of the triangle on this floor. And as I
belong to the other side of this three-cornered fight,
I be^to be heard a few moments before the debate
closes.
It is known to members here that I voted against
the passage of this law. I did not give this vote
because 1 was opposed to a well-regulated system
of bankruptcy, but because this bill was not such a
one as I believed the Constitution contemplated or
the interest of the country demanded. But, how-
ever ohjectionable it was in its original inception, I
am free to confess that, i% my judgment, it has
worked its worst; or, in the language of the
gentleman from Vermont, wM> advocated its pas-
sage, and now seeks its repeal, "It has answered
the purpose of its passage;'' or, as I would express
it, "It has answered the purposes of those who
passed it." It lias given the power to many mil-
lionary debtors, who, in equity, should never have
had the benefit of its provisions to wipe out their
honest debts; and now, when the time has arrived
that some honest men, who have been made bank-
rupts by applying this sponge to debts due them,
are about receiving the benefits of the law, it is to
be repealed; and repealed, too, on the motion of
those who advocated its passage, and who have the
effrontery now to declare that they intended origin-
ally that it should have but a temporary duration.
I respond, then, to the declaration of the gentle-
man from Vermont, when he says "It has accom-
plished its object." And I say to that gentleman,
and to the House, that, although I voted against this
law in its inception, yet if I had any well-grounded
hope that a proper system could be ingrafted on
this act, I would freely and fearlessly vote against
its repeal. But, sir, this thing has gone forth to
our constituents in its original deformity, and ac-
cumulated against it such a fearful denunciation
as calls for its sudden and total repeal.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote for the
repeal, hoping that, at some future time, an equi-
table and constitutional bankrupt law may be en-
acted. But, whilst I am on this subject, I beg leave
to say, that the mode and manner of passing this
law has done more to render it so universally odi-
ous than even its unjust provisions. In treating of
this subject, I hope the House will excuse me if I
speak plainly.
What were the circumstances under which this
law was passed? I understood at the time of its
passage—nay, it was then boldly avowed—that its
passage was'to secure the passage of another law:
I mean the distribution act. But I have been told
by a member of this House, (and one, too, who
avowed his participation in the act,) that it was
passed for the purpose of carrying the elections m
the States of New York and Maine. I understood
from this gentleman that it was feared, and so rep-
resented in Whig caucus by the members from
thos-c States, that, unless this law was passed, the
Whig party would be defeated there in the then
coming elections. What a reason of state for the
passage of a law! If you Western Whigs, whose
constituents are opposed to the law, will neverthe-
less pass it, we, on our part, will stipulate and
agree to use it as ail instrument to carry the elec-
tions in our States for the Whig party. Shame
on such a prostitution of legislative functions'
But it turns out, in the sequel, that although the
price was paid for Whig delegates m the 28th
Congress from the States of Maine and New
York, yet the votes are not forthcoming. There
has been a Yankee trick played off on our Western
gentlemen. The Whigs have been routed, horse,
foot, and dragoons—or rather I- should say "rac-
coons"—in these two States. And I suppose our
boys, not to be outdone by their Yankee brethren, are
determined to take back the considerauon by re-
pealing the law.
Now, sir, I say, on leaving this part of the sub-
ject, that if this law was passed by these means
and for such objects, it was an unholy, dishonor-
able, and damnable combination; and if such
practices be tolerated by the people of this country,
.it will end in the total corruption and overthrow of
the legislative functions of this Government. I re-
peat, then, that the mode and manner of the pas-
sage of this law went further in rendering it uni-
versally odious than even its unjust provisions. It
is objectionable, first, for what it contains; and, sec-
ondly, for what it does not contain. The law ought
never to have operated retrospectively; for, by
destroying existing contracts, it amounts to repudi-
ation. It is a congressional sponge, that wipes out
all old scores. This feature rendei ed it justly odi-
ous to a debt-paying people. But further, it ought
to have embraced withm its provisions all corpora-
ions issuing paper to circulate as money. It was
odious, then, from this omission. And hence the
people demand its repeal; and repealed it must be.
So much for the repeal bill.
The debate on this bill was opened by the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bah^ard] with a long
and doleful history of the discomfitures and disas-
ters it had occasioned the universal Whig party.
Sir, whilst listening to that lamentable recapitula-
tion, I really had my sympathies enlisted. My
heart is warm, and rather tender; and although I
can war against the Whigs to the knife—ay, and
the knife to the hilt—whilst they are before me in
the open field; yet when they come to us with
such tales of wo as have been repeated on this occa-
sion, I cannot and will not withhold a sympathizing
tear.
I think the gentleman likened their cause to
that of some miserable criminal, who was con-
demned to the task of rolling a heavy load up a
steep hill, but to be met at the top by a force which
would instantly hurl him and his load to the bot-
tom again. Sir, this was a hard case, but an apt
and striking illustration. True, the Whigs have
been engaged in rolling a heavy load of condemned
and exploded measures, and they have lolled them
up the steep of public opinion. These measures
had been condemned to the garret of "obsolete
ideas" for the last quarter of a century. By im-
mense labor, long-continued, they did, at the extra
session, by a desperate effort, succeed in reaching
the brow of the hill; and here they were met by an
indignant constituency, and they and their load
hurled to the bottom, leaving'them and their meas-
ures in a state of total wreck and ruin.
I now enter upon that part of the debate which
has been called the desultory, the incidental, or ac-
cidental part.
Here let me refer to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushino.] He says
that the Whigs as a party have dashed themselves to
pieces against the buckler of executive power,
which power he has ingeniously denominated a
"constitutional fact." Now I can tell the gentle-
man lrom Massachusetts that he too is mistaken;
and I beg leave to correct him, as it is my inten-
tion, as I proceed, to strike to the right as well as
the left. The gentleman is wrong, then, in sup-
posing that the Whig party has broken itself into
the fragments that it now exhibits, either against ex-
ecutive power, executive vetoes, or what the gen-
tleman calls a "constitutional fact." No, sir; they
have dashed themselves to atoms against the
"buckler" of public opinion. TKe secret of this
fearful destruction which has so unexpectedlyover-
taken them, is to be found in that series of public
measures which was so hastily, at the extra session,
called from the storehouse of "obsolete ideas,"
and attempted to be forced through Congress as a
giand whole; and this, before the people had time
to cool afterthe glorious victory of 1840. Now, those
gentlemen who believe in their consciences that
those measures are for the public good, deserve great
credit for their zeal in their enactment, for there is
nothing more to be admired in a public man than
a (earless and independent discharge of what he
thinks Jus duty; but, m persuading themselves that
the people were m favor of those measures, or that
thev were for the public weal,—in this consisted their
error. In the last Presidential canvass, the Whigs
played the game of hide-and-go-seek with the peo-
ple. They nominated candidates of doubtful poli-
tics, so that it could be said in one section of the
country that they were in favor of one set of
measures, in another of another; for a hank and
against a bank; for a tariff and against a tariff; for
distribution and against distribution, according to
the section in which the assertion was made, or
would suit popular feeling. Thus they contrived
