Dec. 1840.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
73
,27th Cokg.-v3d Sess.
The Bankrupt Law —Mr. Ji. Kennedy.
H. of Reps.
to rally men of all shades of opinion, and by this
means united the entire elements of opposition.
By the combined efforts of this motley crew, the
solid and well-formed ranks of Democracy were
broken, and they came into power flushed with an
unexpected victory. But what followed'? When they
ce.ased to break down, and undertook to build up—
when they ceased to object, and attempted to pro-
ject—they suddenly found themselves in the fix al-
luded to in this debate. They soon went to pot;
or, as the gentleman from Massachusetts has it,
they found themselves dashed to atoms against
"a constitutional fact"—against which constitution-
al fact the gentleman kindly warns us of the Dem-
ocratic party that we may chance to knock out our
brains.
One word now to my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Thompson.] He says that the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Gushing] has set up the Gov-
ernment at auction, to be knocked down to the
highest bidder: that that gentleman has openly pro-
posed a coalition with the Democrats; and that if
we say nothing, the old rule of "silence gives con-
sent" will attach. Now, I am aware that what is
said by that gentleman on thi« floor is read with
great interest by our people at home; and hence I
feel myself called on to make an immediate re-
sponse. For myself, I did not so understand the
gentleman from Massachusetts; I did not under-
stand him to sell out th#S Administration to the
highest bidder, though X confess it squinted, a little
that way. What I understood the gentleman to say
was, that the dominant party in this House had be-
come, by its course towards the President, nothing
more nor less than a miserable faction; that they
were willing to trample under foot all regard for
the Constitution, as well as the best interests of the
country, m order to "head Capling Tyler;" anil
that they manifested a spleen totally unbecoming
American Representatives. I certainly did not
understand the gentleman to menn any more than
that, as John Tyler was the president, and it
was his duty to discharge the public functions
belonging to that station, and being thus opposed
by the majority in Congress, lie was bound, and
would carry on the Government by the best means
within his power. To this, and thus lar, then, I-
respond to the gentleman from Massachusetts; and
I take it upon myself to say, I hat, although it is not
material to the people of this country who is Presi-
dent, yet it is, nevertheless, very material that their
Government should not be stopped. If John Tyler
finds the Whigs constantly blocking up his way, in
his honest intentions to do his duty—constantly
clinging to the wheels of Government to impede its
progress—then I hold it not only to be his right, but
his boundeu duty, as President, to look beyond that
party, and to every part of the country, for that aid
which he has a right to expect from those who put
him in power.
One wore as to the bid that the Democrats will
make at this presidential sale, which my colleague
says is coming off. I do not speak by authority,
but I speak as one of the fifty-three thousand Dem-
ocrats of the Hoosier State; and as 1 am the only
one of the number who now has the right to speak
here, I speak with the more freedom. If 1 am re-
quired to bid, I must first know the terms of sale;—
whether the bids arc to be made orally or in wri-
ting. , In the latter case, I should be cautious, as I
have always found it to he extremely inconvenient
and troublesome for a politician to put his thoughts
to paper. They sometimes become extremely hard
to explain away.
But, to be serious: I tell my colleague that so far
as myself, or those I represent, are concerned, I
have no bid to make; no political alliances to form
with any man; no threats to fear from any quarter.
We have butone set of plain, straightforward prin-
ciples; and,so far asthe Executiveis concerned,or
anybody with the Executive—so far as the Execu-
tive will carry out those principles, so tar will we
stand by and support him; and not one inch furiher.
As for the offices of the Government, which, it
has been supposed, were offered under disguise by
the gentleman from Massachusetts—tor myself, and
my political friends whom I represent, I must say I
want none of them. If one of my political friends
should ask me to use my influence (if any I pos-
sessed) to get him an officc, my reply would be,
No, sir. And why? Because I do not believe it
right to hold office under this, or any other admin-
istration, unless you can give if a full and fair sup-
port. I hold that John Tyler has a right—nay,
more, that it is his duty—to place in office under
him such men only as can and will give to his ad-
ministration a full and free support, if such can be
found. I care not if, on this ground, he removes
some, and puts in others. I never complained of
President Harrison for doing this. I thought it his
right and duty thus to act. What sort of policy is
it to have enemiesmyour camp?— men on the watch
to undermine or betray all your measures'? What
is this but political suicide'? This is what I shall
demand of nobodv.
I believe that President Tyler ought to have his
friends in the executive offices—provided, always,
they are capable, and faithful to their trusts. So
far,' then, as offices are concerned, the President
has none that I would receive or ask for my politi-
cal friends; and I may add, that / suspect any
man's Democracy who may be found applyingJ'or
them. '
As to the supposed threat, that the veto power,
at a subsequent period, will be used against us: I
understood the gentleman from Massachusetts to
say, in substance, that the Whigs passed certain
measures through Congress; that the President
had vetoed them; that the wild fury of resentment
exhibited by that part}' against the Executive, for
thus exercising the v^to power, had destroyed
them. Now, gentlemen Democrats, as you will
have a majority in the next Congress, I warn you
not to adhere to your old musty notions of a sub-
tr*easury, &c., but to come in and go with us for the
exchequer; for, if rou do persist in sticking at the
President your ultra measures, why, he'll hit you
across !he face with a veto too. For myself, I
hardly expect to be a member of the next Congress,
as I am persuaded that a pretty considerable num-
ber of my worthy constituents have serious objec-
tions. But, if it should be my good or bad lb) tune
to be here at the next Congress, I will most assur-
edly vote for such measures as I think right, regard-
less of consequences. And, should the President
ve'o any or all of them, although I am not (ire-
pat'-it 'o say what I would do, yet I am fully pre-
pared to say what I would not do: I would not turn
round and commence a vindictive and personal
war against the President, for an honest discharge
of what he believe'; to be his duty; much less would
I, because he had thwarted my favorite plans, take
advantage of the excitement it might engender, to
tear the Constitution of my country to tatters—
thus madly destroying this ark of political safety
purchased for and handed down to us by our patri-
otic fathers, at the cost of so much blood and treas-
ure.
If, however, my poor advice should be asked bv
my Democratic friends as to their luture policy, I
would say to them, give the Executive no occasion
to use the veto power against you. I have no no-
tion of making a greater man of John Tyler than
the Admighty intended him to be. Therefore, i
would avoid giving him occasion to use this pow-
erfully popular weapon. No, sir: I would force on
him no bill but such as I was satisfied he could
conscicn'iously approve. I never desire to get a
stroke with such a weapon across my political pate.
It makes a most ugly scar. 11'there is any charac-
teristic in a public man that the people admire, it
is a bold and tearless discharge of duty; and I have
never yet known the veto power used, that the
masses did not rally around and sustain the Presi-
dent in its use. It is instinctive in our people to
rally round and support the man who fearlessly
"assumes the responsibility." It was imputed as a
sin to President Jackson that he said, "ltake the re-
sponsibility." Never did politicians make ? greater
mistake than charging this as a sin. Sir, it was
the consciousness of having taken this responsi-
bility which nerved the old Roman's arm, until it
became as an iron sinew. It was this ciy against
him of "tyrant," which called the honest j'eomanry
of the country to his support. They helieved his
heart was pure, and his purposes patriotic; and
when they saw him nerve himself to the conflict,
regardless of all consequences, then it was that
thev rallied around and buoyed him up to a point
in popular affection rarely reached by mortal
man.
One word in relation toiny opinion of President
Tyler. I think him a very honest man;, but not as
great a man as General Jackson, by considerable.
I will tell gentlemen further, that there is little
likelihood of all the "storms" that have or can be
raised ever "blowing" John Tyler into the presi-
dential chair again. Gentlemen need not count
much on that. He will be suffered to retire, at the
end of his present term, with a good honest name.
To be sure, it will be somewhat bespattered with
the spleen and filth of the party who put him in
power; but what of that"? The world will appre-
ciate the motives of his calumniators. He has al-
ready been treated to a round of billingsgate, and
denounced as a traitor. A traitor to what?—to his
country? No. No man, as yet, has dared such an
avowal. But a traitor to his party! And who is
it, pray, who thus deals in epithets? It is the self-
same men who once denounced Gen. Jackson. And
what was he denounced for? These classical epithets
were poured with much profusion upon his venera-
ble head because he, forsooth, went with his party.
According  o the notions of these president-revi-
leis, it was treason for him to go with his party,
while it is treason in Tyler to go against his party.
Sir, the people have seen these pretended patriots
denouncing the President because he did, and the
President because he does not, unti 1 they arc becom-
ing somewhat suspicious of the motives of such
rabid politicians. But let no man suppose, from
this remark, that I am going to join in tfie hue-and-
cry lately raided against "radical" or ultra politi-
cians. No, sir. I am, myself, "radical" to the root;
and my party feelings, like the roots of our forest
o.vks, strike deep into the soil of my social affec-
tions. Yes, sir, I am radical throughout, and a pretty
terrible fellow when once going; but I beg leave to
remind gentlemrn again, that when the people hear
us clamor one thing to-day, and another to-mor-
io\v—denounce one man for sticking to his par-
ty, and another for not sticking to his party—they
will be apt to conclude it is done more for the party
than for the country.
The gentleman from Massachusetts has intima-
ted that there will be trouble in our own ranks; that
there are breakers ahead. He says that the names
of our candidates for the presidency are "legion."
Now, I will take the liberty of informing that gen-
tleman that he need give himself no uneasiness on
that subject. It is iiue, we have many eminent
and worthy * ons ill our ranks, whose talents and ser-
vices to our country eminently qnelify them for
that high station. Most, if not all of them, are
striving with a laudable ambition, by worthy means,
to reach that sum mo of human ambition. But, the
gentleman from Massachusetts must recollect one
other thing; and that is, none of our men ever
come before they arc called. We have a long es-
tablished usage ,n our household upon this subject.
We submit all our claims, and the claims of our
respective friends, to the decision of a majority of
our tiiends in convention. Such a meetingwe are
yet to have, when the conscript fathers of our faith
will meet in council. Yvrhen they have thus spo-
ken, their voice will be responded to With one uni-
versal shout of approval, from Maine to Arkansas.
Before that day at rives, we each have our prefer-
ences, and will freely express them. After that
day has passed, these personal preferences give
place to our zeal for the good of the whole. My
colleague [Mr. ThompsonJ likewise indulges in the
hope that a division may yet spring up amongst the
Democracy. And with a view to foment these
suppo.-ed diflercnc.es, he has artfully spoken of geo-
graphical divisions, lie -ays he had hoped to meet,
in our next fight, the great Southern chief. At the
same time he expresses this wish, he insinuates that
this fancy of his is not iikely to be gratified, judg-
ing from the "signs of the times."
Let me tell my colleague that he is. not a good
observer of the "signs of the times." And further,
it he supposes that that chief will be the easiest
overcome in the coming conflict, he is mistaken in
that too. If the mantle of the people's choice should
fall upon the shoulders of that chief, I, for one, will
give the hearty response—Amen. Under his lead,
or that of any one of our great chiefs, I will go into
the. battle, with full confidence in being able to
scatter the cohorts of Whigery, backed though they
may be with the disaffected from all quarters; to
which you may add, if you please, the influence oj
the "constitutional fact." Here Jet me remark, that,
;f President Tylci can answer the catechism, and
receive the nomination of the Democratic conven-
tion, then 1 stand pledged to go for h.'m—[A voice.
"Ami not otherwise1']—and not otherwise.
Wc seek this unanimity of action in our entire
parti', not for the purpose of office or patronage;
tor, however honorable and desirable it may be to
serve our country in the nnm"rous offices of trust
or profit attactud thereto, yet this with us is a sec-
ondary consideration. It is for the purpose of car-
rying out certain great leading Democratic meas-
ures that we seek power. [A voice; "What are
