*4
27th Cong""*Sd Skss.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Benton. 
Jan. 1643J
Senate.
 heyt—-name them."] Sir; 1 have not time how to
enumerate them; but, to satisfy the gentleman,'!
now pledge him, that if, after my political friends
shall have nominated their candidate for Presi-
dent, they do not give them to the world in black
and white—if they do not write them out m bold
relief, so that he who runs may read—or if they
should attempt to play the game of "no more dis-
closures for the public eye"—then, before God, and
in the face of the people, I will denounce them, and
refuse to act with them. Does this satisfy the gen-
tlemanl
Yes, sir, in due time our banner will be un-
furled to the breeze. The mouths of our prophets
will be open; and, as I said before, if John Tyler
can respond to these principles, one and all, and
lecei've the nomination of the Democratic conven-
tion, he will be good enough for me, nolwit/istand-
ingthe corruption thai surrounds Mm,
Some of John Tyler's acts 1 most heartily ap-
prove; and I am not going to attempt to close the
Democratic temple against him, or any other per-
son who chooses lo come. But there are, I conies:,
some of those surrounding him, who, I think, would
make an awkward appearance in our ranks. Only
think, for a moment, of an Administration with
Daniel Weister and John C. Spencer for its high
priests, endeavoring to recommend. itself to the Dc~
■nwcracifi Sir, you might as well attempt to graft
a crab-tree on an orange-stock. Yet, Mr. Webster
has said somewhere—at "Patchogue," I believe-
that he was a Democrat—a Democrat of the Jefferson
school. It may be so; butl was not taught to be-
lieve Webster a Democrat. 1 confess I have strong
prejudices against the man; hut, notwithstanding I
have looked upon him as a political leper, yet 1
confess that, since he has' been so liberally de-
nounced by his old cronies—by those who used to
Call him the "god-like"-—those who ate bread with
him—and, above all, those who drank his win,:
on the night preceding the passage of the bankrupt
tew,—since these men have denounced him, I
have though! that possibly there was something
good in him. These denunciations have caused
me to look a little closer into his political history;
and if, upon full examination, I find one good act—
one single green spot to rest my eye on—I will
 ,onsSnt that he may come into our parly, pre-
vided, always, he comes as a puvate; as a "cap-
ting," he cannot come.
As to bargains, 1 tell my colleague, [Mr. Thomp-
son,] on behalf of at least the Democracy of the
Hoosier State, there will be none made. Bui at the
same time thai we refuse to assume the responsi-
bility of this Adininisl ration, we will, byno means,
refuse to aid the Administiutiou to cany oil the
Government. We will not refuse to suppoit a good
measure, simply because it is recommended by a
man ill whose election we had no agency. 1, for
one, will vote for every measure I think right, let
Who Will rccommend it; much less will 1 join
in an attempt to tumble my Government to pieces,
merely for the gratification of seeing John Tyler
buried under its ruins.
Alter the geneial route sustained by the Whig
party since the last adjournment of Congress,' 1
had hoped they would have been taught wisdom,
and somewhat changed their haughty dictatorial
tone. Whipping is beneficialgenerally on bad child-
ren, and 1 thought it would have done the Wings
good. Never did a party so much need taking
down. None was ever so haughty, so presuming,
so self-conceited. Well do 1 remember the declar-
ation of the imperious tenant of Ashland, that the
Democrats were like ciiminals on the hangman's
cart, waiting only for the order of execution. Yes,
sir, no longer-ago than the extra session, this was
the language of the master here, and repeated bv
the ra«-«. the country over. Indeed, it appeared to
me at the extra session, and a part o( the last, that
the entire party had tried how they could ad the
tyrant All discussion, all freedom of debate, was
effectually set aside—the gag introduced—the hour
ruleapphed—and this hall, sacieilto liberty,made
to play second licidle to caucus rooms. Let me here
put in a few words in exculpation ol some of those
who aided in this work of l'ui les I do not accuse
my Whig friends with having perpetrated all the
mischiels of which they were the authors, out of
mere wantonness. It grew partly out of ignorance
of tneir duties. They knew not how to manage.
They had been a long time out of power-—they had
been running on grass, (to use a farmer's phrase,)
until they had become lean and lank. The conse.
quence was, when they got into clover, their course
was' constantly marked by the most enormous
excesses. Such another set of legislators I hope
never again to see. _ .
At the commencement of this session, i hoped,
from their conduct, that the late elections had had
their desired effect on the Whigs in this House. Un-
der this impression, I wrote to numbers of my
friends that the Whigs were quite tame, and dis-
posed to attend to public business. If, however, it
shall turn out that destruction is not sufficient, bui
that nothing else ihan annihilation will, do this
party, I hope, at least, that those who are yet sober
on political matters will take the warning which
the prostration of the late Whig party gives to the
world; and, in future, let politicians here make the
laws, and the people will make the Presidents.
In defencc of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Cushino] against the charge of the gentleman
Irom Veimont, [Mr. Everett,] I am bound to say
that this party and personal debate did not originate
with the gentleman from Massachusetts, if my
memory serves me, it originated with the gentle-
man from Tennessee, [Mr. Arnold,] who opened
up the floodgates of his wrath against the Admin-
istration, and poured sluices of billingsgate upon
the heads of John Tyler and his friends; a liberal
share of which was meieet opt to what he calls
"the sub-Iranian Democracy."
Thus, you see, this debate originated on the
opposite side of the House, Indeed, I have never
known one of this character that did not; and I
now challenge any person within the sound of my
voice to mention the occasion, since this Congress
commenced its first session, when any member of
the Democratic party commenced a party debate
that consumed the time of the House one hour.
There is no such instance. Heretofore, miring
this session, the Whigs, smarting under their late
castigation, have foiborne to enter into a personal
or party debate. Wit'nm the last few days, how-
ever, t'iiev have shown an evident disposition to
launch out into their former practices of violence
and vituperation. Is it, then, to be expected that
the particular fi lends of the President will sit still,
and hear themselves and their friends violently
and wantonly assailed, without making a proper
reply and suitable resentment? The whole coui.-e
of my Whig friends here seems to me to be detect-
ed to sustaining t'tje power which they by accident
obtained; and 1 will be excused for saying that,
unless they altc r their course, and that speedily,
such an .iceident will never happen to them again.
One w.ord further upon the subject of a coalition
between'the Administration and the Democrats. I
see no signs of such a union. There seems to me
as much prospect of the ultra Whigs—the "white
Charlie s''—coalescing with the Democrats, as there
is of Tyler and his l'liends. I hope, therefore,
that I, for one, shall not be subjected to the sus-
picion of bargain and intrigue. It was the sup-
posed, if not real, bargain between the venerable
ex-President now on this floor, and the "Western
Star," which caused the sun of Ashland to set, and
set forever. With this example of results before
nie, I pray my name may never be tainted with
the suspicion of a political bargain. I am now just
starting out in political life, and I caanot say where
I mav want to go yet;—perhaps I may aspire to a
M.at in the Senate—pel haps to the Vice Presidency,
or even the Presidency. There is no telling where
the untamed ambition of a native Hoosier may lead
him; bul, come of me what may, I pray that I may
never have attached to me even a suspicion of
political bargain and sale.
One concluding remark to my colleague and the
gentleman from Massachusetts, in relation to the
geographical divisions which they hope will spring
up amongst the Democrats. Both these gentlemen
seem delighted with this idea. These gentlemen
know nothing of the "hooks of steel" that bmd
Democrats each to the other, and ail together. If
they did, they would know that the affections of
that party towards their public men are not in the
least degree dependent upon geographical location.
Democrats know no distinctions of geography.
The links and bonds that bind them together are
sufficiently large to embrace a hemisphere within
its circle.. Let the nomination once be made—
there will be no difference whether the candidate
comes from the North or the South, the Bast or the
West. Nor will it be material who opposes—the
Whigs, the "white Charlies," or even the "const!
tutional fact," or all these together. Give us an
open field and a fair fight, and we will lick them
i one and all—else I am no prophet,
SPEECH OF MR. BENTON,
OP MISSOURI,
In Senate, Thursday, January 12, 1843—On the
Oregon bill.
Mr. BENTON said, in substance, that the ob-
jections to this bill grew out of the clause granting
land to the settlers, not so much on account of the
grants themselves, as on account of the exclusive
jurisdiction over the country, which the grants
would seem to imply. This was the objection; for
no one defended the title of the British to one inch
square of the valley of Oregon. The Senator from,
Arkansas, [Mr. Sevier,] who has just spoken, had
well said that this was an objection to the whole
bill- for the rest would be worth nothing, without
these grants to the settlers. Nobody would go there
without the inducement of land. The British had
planted a power there—the Hudson Bay Fur Com-
pany—in which the old Northwest Company was
merged; and this power was to them in the New
World what the East India Company was to them
in the Old World: it was an arm of the Govern-
ment, and did everything for the Government
which policv, or treaties, prevented it from doing
for itself. This company was settling and colo-
nizing the Columbia for the British Government;
and we wish American citizens to settle and colo-
nize it for us. The British Government gives in-
ducement to this company. It gives them trade
commerce, an exclusive charter, laws, and national
protection. We must give inducement also; ana
our inducement must be land and protection.
Grants of land will carry settlers there; and the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Tappan] was treading m
the tracks of Mr. Jefferson (perhaps without hav-
ing read his recommendation, although he has read
much) when he proposed, in his speech of yester-
day, to plant 50,000 settlers, with their 50,000 rifles,
on the banks of the Oregon. Mr. Jefferson had
proposed the same thing in regard to Louisiana,
He proposed that we should settie that vast domain
when we acquired it; and for that purpose, that do-
nations of land should be made to the first 30,000
settlers who should go there. This was the right
doctrine, and the old doctrine. The white race
were a land-loving people, and had a right to pos-
sess it, because they used it according to the inten-
tions of the Creator. The white race went for
land, and they will continue to go for it, and will go
where they can get it. Europe, Asia, and America
have been settled by them in this way. All the
States of this Union have been so settled. The
principle is founded in their nature, and in God's
command; and it will continue to be obeyed. The
valley of the Columbia is a vast field open to the set-
tler. It is ours, and our people are beginning to go
upon it. They go under the expectation of getting
land; and that expectation must be confirmed^ to
them. This bill proposes to confirm it; and if it
fails in this particular, it fails in all. There_ is
nothing left to induce emigration; and emigration
is the only thing which can save the country from
the British, acting through their powerful agent—
the Hudson Bay Company.
Mr. B. said he would not reslate the American
title to this country: it had been well done by others
v.*ho had preceded him in the debate. He would
onlv give a little more development to two points—
the"treaties of 1803 and 1819; the former with
France, bv which we acquired Louisiana; the lat-
ter with Spain, by which we acquired all her
risjhts on the northwest coast of America north of
4£ degrees. By the first of these treaties we be-
came a party to the 10th article of the treaty of
Utrecht, between Prance and England; the treaty
of peace of 1714 which terminated the wars of
Q,ueen Anne and Louis XIV, and settled all
their differences of every kind in Europe and
America, and undertook to prevent the recurrence
of future differences between them. The 10th arti-
cle of this treaty applied to their settlements and
territories in North America, and directed com-
missaries to be appointed to mark and define their
possessions. These commissaries did their work.
They drew a line from ocean to ocean, to separate
the French and British dominions, and to prevent
future encroachments and collisions. This line
began on the coast of Labrador, and followed a
course slightly south of west, to the centre of North
America, leaving the British settlements of Hud-
son's Bay to the north, and the French Canadian
possessions to the south. This line took for a land-
mark the Lake of the Woods, which was then be-
lieved to be due east from the head of the Missis-
UP'
ie
li
