Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong"«*3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Benlon.
Senate.
sippi; and from that point took the 49th parallel of
north, latitude indefinitely to the west. The lan-
guage of the line is Hndsjinitely;" and this estab-
lished the northern boundary of Louisiana, and
erected a wall beyond which future French settle-
ments could not cross to the north, nor British \q
the south.
As purchasers of Louisiana^ the treaty of 1803
made us party to the 10th article of the treaty of
Utrecht, and made the 49th parallel the same to us
and the British, Which it had been to the French
and the British: it became a wall which neither
«eould pass, so far as it depended upon that line.
This-the British saw, and quickly went to work to
abrogate or mutilate a line which presented an
impassable barrier to their designs upon the Co-
lumbia river. The American, Captain Gray, had
first discovered that river at its mouth, in 1790;
Lewis and Clarke had discovered it from its head
to the sea in 1804-5j and these discoveries of con-
tiguous territory gave us the rights of first dis-
covery over the whole river, in addition to the
•rights^ derived from treaties. But no sooner had
•Captain Gray discovered this great river than the
'British coveted it, and sent out McKenzie to dis-
'cover it over again, and especially to find its head
in high northern latitudes. To do this, McICenzie,
proceeding from Canada, bore far to the north; miss-
ed all the waters of the Columbia; fell upon the Ta~
cout'ch? Terse; and struck the ocean nve hundred
miles (following the coast) to the north -oi the Co-
lumbia. Thus, this attempt to hatch a claim to this
river, by discovering it at the head, after we had
discovered it at the mouth, entirely failed; and the
British were left without a pretext for claiming
our property. In this dilemma, McKenzie pro-
posed to make short work of it with the United
States: he proposed to seize the river, and to hold
it, because it was necessary to the British scheme
, of trade and domination in that quarter; and to ex-
pel all u American adve/Uu/er.^ from It. His ad-
vice was in these words:
"The Russians, who first discovered that along the coaste of
Asia no useful or regular navigation existed, opened an interior
•communication by rivers &c., and thiough that long and wiJe
'extended continent, to the strait that separates Asia from Amrri
ca, over which they passed to the American continent. Our
situation is at length in some degree similar to theirs -the non-
existence of a practicable passage by sea, and the existence of
one through the continent, aic Clearly proved; and it requires
only the couritenancc and support of the British Government
to increase, m a very ample pioponion, this national advantage,
aad secure the trade of thaf country lo its subjects. * v *
. ' * * By the riveia wtn ii discharge them-
selves into lluffeon'^Bay, at Port Nelson, u is> proposed to cany
on the trade to their source at the head of the Saskatchiwine
river, which rises in the Ilocky Mountains, n#f.ci<*ht dpgiees of
longitude from the Pacific ocean. The Columbia il>nvs  from
the same mountains, and discharges itself into tho Pacific in
north latitude36 degrees i?0 minutes. Both of tiieui are capable
of receiving ships atiheu mouths, a/id aie navigable throughout
for boats. * * * • >   nut
whatever course maybe taken from the Atlantic, the Colum-
bia is the line of communication trom the Pacific occan, point*
ed out by nature, as it ia tho only navigable river m the whole
extent of Vancouver's minute auiveyof the roast. lis hanks
also form the first level coonny in all the southern extent of
continental coast from Cook's entry, and, consequently, tho
most northern situation suited fur the roM-hnceof a civilized
people. By opening (his intercourse between fhe Atlantic and
Pacific oceans, and iorimns regular establishments through the
interior, and at both extremes, as well as along the coasts and
islands, the entire command of the fur-Uade of North Amei km
might be obtained from latitude 45 to the pole, except that
portion of it which the Russians have in the Pacific. To this
may be added the fishing in both seas, and the markets m tho
four quarters of tho ^lobe. Such would be the field for com-
meicial enterprise; and incalculable would be the produce of
ft, whensupported by the operations of that credit and capnai
which Great Britain so eminently possesses. Then would tins
•country beam to be remunerated for the expense it han sustain-
ed in discovering and surveying the coast of the Pacific ocean,
which is at present left to American adventurers, who, without
regularity or capital, or the de*ue of conciliating future confi.
dence, look altogether to the interests of the moment. Such ad-
venturers (and many of them, as I have been informed, have
been very successful) would instantly disappear before a well,
regulated trade. * * Manv
political reasons, which it is not necessaiy here to enumeiate
must present themselves to the mind of every man acquainted
with the enlarged by-stem and capacities of British commerce
in support of the measures which 1 have briefly suggested as
promising the most important advantages to the trade of fhe
United Kingdom. *•* ../ ^
the line begin where it may on the Mississippi, u must be co
tmued west, till it terminates in ihe Pacific oce;.«n to the south
of the Columbia river "
This was the proposition of McKenzie; and
from that moment the labors o,"L the British Gov-
ernment became systematic and incessant to seize
the Columbia. Their first step jn this work was to
abrogate, or mutilate, tjie established boundary of
the 49th degree of n'jrth latitude; for, while that
line stood, they coul-i not approach within three de-
grees of the mouAh of the Columbia, which was in
46 degrees, British diplomacy now went to work
to destroy this line, at least beyond the Rockv Moun-
tains; and labored indefatigably at •; until they ac-
complished their design, " '
Louisiana w; acquired in 1803. In the very in-
stant of signing the treaty which brought us that
province, another treaty was signed In London,
(without a knowledge of what was done in Paris,)
fixing, among other things, the line from the Lake
of the Woods to the Mississippi. This treaty,
signed by Mr. Rufus King and Lord Hawkesbury,
was rejected by Mr. Jefferson, without reference to
the Senate, on account of the fifth article, (which
related to the line between the Lake of the Woods
and the head of the Mississippi,) for fear it might
compromise the northern boundary of Louisiana
and the lme of 49 degrees. In this negotiation of
1803, the British made no attempt on the line of
the 49th degree, because it was not then known to
them that we had acquired Louisiana; but Mr. Jef-
ferson, having a knowledge of this acquisition,
was determined that nothing should be done to
compromise our rights, or to unsettle the bounda-
ries established under the treaty of Utrecht.
Another treaty was negotiated with Great Brit-
ain in 1807, between Messrs. Monroe and William
Pinckney on one side, and Lords Holland and
Auckland on the other. The English were now
fully possessed of the fact that we had acquired
Louisiana, and become a party to the line of 49 de-
grees; and they set themselves openly to work to
destroy that line. The correspondence of the min-
isters shows the pertinacity of these attempts; and
the instructions of Mr. Adams, in 1818, (when Sec-
retary of State, under Mr. Monroe,) to Messrs.
Rush and Gallatin, then in London, charged with
negotiating a convention on points left unsettled at
Ghent, condense the history of the mutual propo-
sitions then made. Finally, an article was agreed
upon, in which the British succeeded in mutilating
the line, and stopping it at the Rocky Mountains.
This treaty of 1807 shared the fate of that of 1803,
but for a different reason. It was rejected by Mr.
Jefferson, without reference to the Senate, because
it did not contain an explicit renunciation of the
pretension of impressment!
At Ghent the attempt was renewed: the ar-
rest of the linp ?t the Rocky Mountains was
agreed upon, but the British coupled with their
proposition a demand for the free navigation of the
Mississippi, and access to if. through the territories
oi the United States; and this demand occasioned the
whole article to be omitted. The Ghent treaty was
signed without any stipulation on the suhject'of the
line along the -19th degree, and trial point became
a principal object of the ministers charged with
completing at London, in 1818, the subjects unfin-
ished at Ghent in 1814. Thus the British were
again foiled; but, true totheirdesign, they persevered
and accomplished it in the convention signed nt
London in 1818. That convention arrested the
line at the mountains, and opened the Columbia to
the joint occupation of the British; and, being rati-
fied by the United States, it has become binding
and obligatoiy on the country. But it is a point
not to be overlooked, or undervalued, in this case,
that it w^s in the year 1818 that this arrestation of
the line took place; that up to that period it was in
fill! force in all its extent, and, consequently, in
full force to the Pacific ocean; and a complete
bar (leaving out all other barriers) to any British
acquisition, by discovery, south of 49 degrees in
North America.
The oth«r point in our title, to which I wish to
give a little more development than it has received
from other speakers, is, its derivation under the
treaty with Spain ofl819. By that treaty the Uni-
ted States succeeded to all the rights of Spain on
the northwest coast of America north of 42 de-
grees. These rights, according to the memoir of
the Spanish minister, Don Onis, extended to the
Russian possessions—the British having nothing on
that coast! This was the representation of the
Spanish minister; and with this, the fact of the case
agreed. The Nootka Sound treaty and controversy
of 1790 had decided that point! It decided that the
British had no right to Nootka, a place four de-
grees north of the Columbia, and no way connected
with it: and it ended in obtaining for the British
the privilege, and nothing but the privilege, of fish-
ing and hunting along the northwest coast, and
erecting the temporary huts which the pursuit of
these occupations might require. Colonization or
settlement was renounced. The treaty itself, espe-
cially the 3d and the 6th articles, will prove this;
and the parliamentary debates of the day corres-
pond with the words of me treaty. As a fact, that
treaty nullifies all British claim on the northwest
coast; as a law, (if not abrogated by war,) it would
still confinethem to the pursuit of huhtihg and fish-
ing. The treaty of 1§19, by which we acquired all
the Spanish title north of 42°, has given us- all the
benefits of the Nootka Sound treaty, both as a fact,
and as a law; and, tested by either, the British are
excluded from the northwest coast of America, for
all the purposes of settlement or colonization.
Having given this development to our title as de-
rived from the treaties of 1803 and 1819 with
Prance and Spain, Mr. B. proceeded to show the
nullity of the British pretension, and the tortious
nature of the possession which they had acquired
on the Columbia river. For this purpose he took
several positions, and stated them as points which
he meant to establish by proof. The first was, that
up to the year 1818, the British never pretended to
state any claim, or any shadow or color of claim,
of any kind whatever, to the Columbia river. The
second position was, that in the year 1818 they sug-
gested title under the discoveries of Captain Cook,
and under purchases made from Indians south of
the Columbia prior to the American revolution; but
showed nothing to sustain these empty suggestions.
The third position was, that in 1826 they abandoned
the idle suggestions of 1818, and took refuge, for
the first time, under the Nootka Sound treaty; and,
in the fourth place, he undertook to show that their
possession of the Columbia was intrusive and tor-
tious—a trespass, and a fraud upon our pre-existing
possession of the same river; and a wrong and ag-
gression which the Government of the United States
should resist and repulse.
In support of these positions, Mr. B. read copi-
ously from Mr. Adams's instructions of 1818 to the
American ministers in London who negotiated the
convention of that year; and from a letter from Mr.
John Jacob Astor of 1813 to the Secretary of Statet
(Mr. Monroe,) to ife laid before President Madisdh.
These documents established, as he maintained, all
the points he had stated, and showed the nullity and
futility, as well as the impudence, of the British pre-
tension .
"From the earnestness with which the Biitish Government
now return to the objcct of fixing this boundary, there is reason
to believe that they have some other purpose connected With
it, which they do not avow, but which, m their estimatidh,
gives it an importance not belonging to !t, considered in itself/'
1 * * 1 ' The new pretension, however, of disputing our
title to the seuiement at the mouth of the Columbia river,
either indicates a design, on their par', to encroach, by new
establishments of their own, upon the 49th parallel of lati-
tude, south of which they ran have no vaiid claim; or it mani-
fests a jealousy of theUnued States—a desire to check the pro-
gress ol our settlements, of which it might have been supposed
that experience would, before this day, have relieved them J1
' ' " ' ''Their projects for the line, both in the negotia-
tions of Messrs. Mornoe and Pinckney in 1S07, and at
Glipnt in 1814, weieto take the 49th paiallel of latitude from
the Lake of the Woods, west, as far as the territories of the
Vnhed States extend m that direction, with a caveat against its
extension to the South Sea, or beyond the Stony Mountains.
Upon which two observations aie to be made: first, that it is
uncertain whether any part ol the Lake of the Woods is in lati-
tude 49; and, secondly, tint they always affected to apply fh8
indefinite of the extension, "us fur as Hee teniteries ex-
/fvd,1' to the territories of the United States, and not to those of
Great Britain—leaving a nest es% for future pretensions south
o! latitude -39." ' * * * "From the late correspondence
wi'h the Spanish minister, (D^n Onis,) it appears that the claim
01 Spain upon the shores of the South Sea extends to the 56th
degree of noith latitude: but there is a Russian settlement in 55,
besides a temporary lodgment connected with it as far south as
42. The pretensions of the British may, on this occasion, be
disclosed. We know not precisely what they are; nor have they
explained the grounds, or the motives, Upon which they con-
test our right to the settlement called Astoria, formed before
the late war, and broke up by the British sloop of-war Racoon,
in the course of it." * 1 * " "As the British Government
admits, explicitly, their obligation, under the treaty of Ghent,
'orestoie the post, there can be no question with regard to the
United States to resume it." ' ' * * "We do not per-
ceive how, or why, thisqucstion should be referred to two com-
missioners of the respective nations; and as Russia herself has
pretensions on that coast, it deserves the consideration of both
parties, whether the ultimate determination in the almost
unavoidable case of a difference between the commissioners
could with propriety be referred to her sovereign " ' * ' *
"The expedient itself, of submitting questions of territorial
rights and boundaries, in discussion between two nations, to
the decision of a third, was unusual, if not entirely new; and
should the contingency occur, will probably encounter difficul-
ties of execution not foreseen at the. time that the stipulation
was made resorting to it. The subjects in controversy are
of a nature ton intricate and complicated, requiringon the part
of the arbitrator a patience of investigation and research, his-
torical, political, legal, geographical, and astionomical, for
which it is impossible to conceive that the sovereign of a great
empire could personally bestow the time."
Having read these extracts from Mr. Adams's
letter of instructions of July, 1818, Mr. B. com-
mented upon them to sustain his several positions
m relation to the nullity, inconsistency, and bad
faith of the British pretension. He particularly
