76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184S.
2-7TH CONG*««*SD Srss.
The Oregon BHl—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
relied upon these expressions: "The new preten-
sion of disputing oar title to the Columbia river"—
"design on their part to encroach by uew establiah-
" ments south of 49 degrees"—"desire to check the
progress of our settlements"—"jealousy of the
united States"—"affected to apply the indefinite ex-
tension of the limit to our territories, and not to
those of Great Britain"—"leave a nest-egg for fu-
ture pretensions south of 49"—"the Spanish minis-
ter claims foi Spain to 56"—"the pretensions of the
British Government may, oil this occasion, be dis-
closed"—"we know not precisely what they are.'1
Upon these expressions, and others, Mr. B. relied,
and commented, to show that, up to ilie date cf that
letter of Mr. Adams, (to wit, July 28th, 1818,) the
British hs^} shown or suggested no claim ot any
kind whatever to any pail of the valley of the Co-
lumbia; that they were trusting to the arts of diplo-
macy to generate something which could he
hatched into a claim; and that their design was to
encroach upon our settlements south of 49.
This was the state oi the question in July, 1818,
when the negotiation was commenced in London,
which ended in the convention ot October oi' that
year, for a ten years' joint possession oi all the
country west of the Rocky Mountains. The ne-
gotiation was conducted by Messrs. Gallatin and
Rush, and, of course, was calculated to constrain
the British to make a disclosure of the grounds of
their pretensions. Mr. Adams had notified them
that, on this occasion, the British claim must be
disclosed; and disclosed it was! and what a disclo-
sure ! Listen to it, as communicated to our Gov-
ernment by Messrs. Gallatin and Rash in their des-
patch of October 20,1818, Here it is :
"The British p'urpo'entntrii'.-; tiiaf fonner voyage,,
and principally that oi Cape,', Ouoic, ,^av( tti Ureat iir.njp
the neiits derive.' from discovery, and tliey alluded to pur-
Chan.:, uom the nauvt,; sown u( the -'iver Columbia, .vl'ni it
they alleged to have been m ' nor to ll; ■ Aueiicaii revolu-
tion."
This was the claim d: .closed; and in support of
this, not one name, tact, o" specification of any land
was submitted. Discovery and purchase was the
ground of their pretension. But who discovered,
and when, and from whom the purehaMi was
made, the Biitish commissioners could not tell.
They did not attempt 10 tell; but proposed to com-
promise the question by tal;iii$ the river for the
boundary, and gelling the use of the harbor at ns
mouth. Their proposition to this cffect is thus sta-
ted, in the same despatch, by Messrs. Gallatin and
Rush:
'•They did not make any fmn.al imposition foi , bniie.lary,
"but intimated that tbft nver it?pJI Wti.s the U'um coiiV'^ni<-nt tiuU
could bo adopted, ami lhat tin y wui'ki i of to .iiiy li.it ti-d
not givu ihcm fiie iiaibot « ' ihti muiiih oi the u.i:.- inV.mm.'jf.
With the United
This (said Mr. 13.) was th"i; intimation lor a
boundary; and in this intimation we recognise the
precise policy which Mcltcnzie had marked out,
and by which the British were !o become the mas-
ters ol'the Columbia, and tocs.pcl the "American
adventurers" from it.
Our commissioners did not rgree to this bounda-
ry, «nd to this joint-tenanicy in die haibor; hut they
signed the convention of Ih'lH, accoiding to their in-
structions, which arrested the line ot' the 49lh de-
gree at the Rocky Mountains, and gave a joint ,v-
cupation of the countiy beyond the mountains 10
both parties. Their iii'sli lienor,'. aiUuoiivied them
toclo this; and the point to be now not'd is, thai up
to the ratification of that con lent.oiuhc !i)j" of .li)
degrees as established under tl.c ne.iiyol Uliectit,
to define the possesions and limit the acquisition .
by discovery ol France and Great Britain in
North America, remained in full force! Thai
line was in force-until we ratified the convention-
and, by that line, without repaid to other barrier*,
Great Bri'-iin was barred out" li o.n ail tfr valley of
the Columbia, and all the eoasi ol North America
south of 49 degrees. The convention abrogated
the line—unhappily abrogaied it—-irom tin Flockv
Mountains to tlm Pacific ocejn. But r did so w iia
a reservation, lhat the c!::snv oi tne parties weie
not to be at!.'.-.ted by ii. The abrogation wes ur-
fortunate; bat the reservat-nn was a stipulation
prevent niischiei—<i stipuiatio,. to baflle ihc de-
signsof sublie diplo-iiaev. ai<vavs seeking to depo--
ite the seeds ol a new contestation in thrsimnlaUtl
seUlenienl of an old oue; and it was eejuivaleni to
an express deciaiaMon that the British claim was to
tie made no belter, aad fUo->to tie maue no worse,l.v
this artesiation of the line o1' !'J degrees, and tn.■
joint occupation ofUu. Columbia, which ttsulted
from it.
We have now (said Mr. 3.1 traced the British
pretension up to the conclusion of the convention of
1818; and we have seen that, up to the month of
July of that year, they had stated or suggested no
claim, or even shadow or color of claim, to
the Columbia; that, being pressed, they then in-
timated a ciaim resting on discovery and pur-
chase, but without stating a single particular by
which this pretended discovery and purchase could
be brought to the 'ouchstone of proof and reason.
They were evidently absurd,"and even ridiculous.
All the world knows ihatCapt. Cook neversaw the
Columbia!—all the world knows that no other Brit-
ish navigator ever saw it, until after Capt. Gray
showed it to them !—and, as for the Indian pur-
chases south of that river, before the Revolution, it
is a story of a roan in. the moon ! and has no name,
date, place, sum,sign, trace, circumstance, iact, or
supposition to rest upon !
The pretension, then, of this right by discoveiy,
and by pmcha.", so tardily brought forward in Oc-
tober, 1818, aie absurd it ftes which the British could
not, and did not, ottpport; and which they have
since totally abandoned. This abandonment, was
made in 1S37—at the time v,hen the convention of
1818, being about to empire upon''s limitation of
ten yeais—was relieved until one of the parties
chose to terminate it by giving twelve mouths' no-
tice. It v.as made by Messrs. Huskisson and Ad-
dington, in their formal negotiations with Mr. Gal-
latin for the renewal of the convention of 1818. in
that negotiation, they delivered a paper to the Amer-
ican negotiator, in which the British claim to the
Columbia is lefcrrcd-—and for the first time refer-
red—to the Nootka Sound convention of 1790!
Hear it!
1 : 'io ri.zh'a ol Ore..t lt;it,-tm are reruutu!and uc'ihied in too
coi,ve"Uen ot iembrace tin; rpht t" navigate the wa-
ters ot tho^e countries— to settle in .'ndovei any : oi" them,
and to trade wish the inhabitants and occipiers of the same
Thei-cnet'whave been peaceably exercised ever hince the dare
nfibat convention; that is, for;, penod of nearly lost/ ye^r..
I tidor rli.it C't,ivenii'-n, v'ah'.djle British interests have growr
up in that <.H,u-tei."
Here is a complete abandonment. ol tl.o claim
founded on discovery and put chase before the Rev-
olution That claim, setup (or the lirst time in
WIS, is abandoned in U5-27!—and the Nootka,
Sound convention, which had neve: been vouched
before, is then paraded as the instrument in ■which
'■ of Great !J''il?.iit arc ";-co,rlcr' and
"de/iiicii;" and under which w>hisbl>; "Btiliik" in-
Uuce.ts hi.d grown up in thai quar'er. This is, at
least, an Hiimirsioii that the discovery and purchase
brought forward a < the foundation, and ihe sole foun-
dation, of the British claim ,n 1818, were unfounded
and .•oipposiiitioiisi and not only relieves us from all
further attention to such intimations, but gives its
the benefit of a legal maxim, as universal in its ap-
plication as it t just and reasonable in its princi-
ple !--tlr.t maxim which d1',1 edits the whole title,,
insuppo -t of which an untt u.'a has teen adduced.
But the British "right" to the Columbia now
rests upon the Nootka Sound convention; since the
year of our Lord 18-27, their claim to this countiy
has become a '"■rizht," and this "ri«ht" has estab-
lished itself in the musty record "of the Nootka
Sound convention! Be it so! "We will quiclrlv
see "'hat that convention i? worth to them, Foi
that puroose we may look to the convention itself,
or in ihe chaiaetpr ot it given m the "British House
of Commons at the rime of it.-. ?!• godation. The
: -si aniclc of ine treaty re-tnred the Biitish to
:heir fishing and huntingpxivilcges and buildings
in JNontlia Sound. Tne third article granted the
limited privilege of fishing and hunting on certain
other pans of the coast, and the sixth article limited
the bnildi-ips which might be erected to the tempo-
rary huts necessary for the hunters and fishermen.
'' his was the treaty. Listen to Mr, Fox, After
denouncing the treaty as one of concessions, and
not ot icactsmoN'E. on the part of Great Britain, he
goes on to say;
'-Our ii^nt beiere wa iofce'tle la any part ot tne sojth tr
roas'of a-nerica. not ijv'uy pievioim
-i i.t> iiU'y, at'.i \\t ;re now u ^ ncitd t,i ..t uie in c<-r'diu piaccrf
fi'iv ?>rv? Jiidtr GPftr-'i.i set-'iii'.iu , Tbi.i wc an irrj/'.rt-ui'
c- c^-!.inon oni' p'Ui - '
'_"'r n^.n:'" i ma!:'r,z f.-u'eirem.' '.vu.-* r.nt, u>ow, .*> right k 
ui],\ I but lu I'UiUcokj-ii. ? if w& r!".."stu piopt:v
v '' Bv she; )■'. i.ti< ir, wc
'! tiie IVnlic ocenr, jpu at, u! <-k,o
0, :o; ' je pbrpo'.f r f fradrt.; «m inf iirmv<5>* Rut,
rw pompui'h rvmsuuoh o{ i,«ht to navigahon, fi.-theiv. Ji,d
c .•.nuicioe. villi' h !(Kiiii''v arfLi.', tfi.c win-it t.'kfrf iway
•i'f1 .1'dit oi IjMi•! !■' -rd er v uiij t vi..i i-'mf t' ;■! f 'i j;- / (i ,-,.,y
jsornai'f! bii" f a  of (auyihg on the tibhe.y: and 3rn«mn{s m
rum-.de'e (i'-'i-eucuiin ail uaht to settle in any way i/ir the
purpose of commerce Willi thu 'lativea.'-
This was the language of Mr, Fox; and under
this language Mr, Pitt (the author of the conven-
tion) snnk down and admitted that no new rights
were gained under the treaty! that nothing had been
gained but the acknowledgment of the pre-existing
right of fishing, trading, and navigating the Pacific
oeeai.! Hear him:
" In answer to this, Mr. Pitt maintained that, though what
this country had gained consisted not of new rights, itcertain-
!>' tin' of new advantages. We had before a right to the
Southern -.vhale f shery, and a right to navigate and carry on
fisheries in the Pacific ocean, and to trade on the coasts of any
pari of Northwest Amereo; tint that light not only had not
been acltnow'edged, but disputed and resisted; whereas, by the
convention, itw«is secured tons—a circumstance which, though
tic iicwi ight, was a new ad, .tntdgc-."
This (said Mr. B.) is the Nootka Sound treaty,
which i<now relied upon to establish the British
right to the.Columbia. Jnderthis treaty they have
taken possession of the Columbia, although 500
miles from Nootka, and having no connexion with
it. Under this treaty a British colony is growing
lip there; and in protection oi this colony, the Brit-
ish now declare their determination to maintain
their ground. The same paper from Mr. Huskis-
son and Mr. Addington, which vouched the Nootka
convention for the record and the definition of their
''tight" proceeds to say:
"Under that convention, valuable British interests have grown
up in these countries. ******
In the interior of the country in question, the subjects of Great
Britain nave h.ui for many years settlements and trading posts.
.Several of these [.osts are on the tributary streams of the Co.
Ilimbia; several t'pon the Columbia itpelf; some to the north,
ward, and other., to the southward of that river. And they nav.
lgate the Columbia aathe sole channel Jor the conveyance of
their piodnceto the British stations nearest the sea, and for the
shipments of it from thence to Great Britain. It is also by the
Columbia that these posts and settlements receive their annual
supplies liorn £reat Britain. '
To the interests and establishments which Brit-
lfch industiy and enterpiise have cieated, Great Britain owes
protection. That protection will be given both as regards set-
tlement and freetiom of trade and navigation, with every
attention not to infringe the co ordinate lights of the United
states; it being the desire of the British Government, so long
as the 'joint Occupu'/Lcy continues, to legula-ie its own obligd*
tions by the same rules which govern the obligations of eveiy
other occupying party,"
Have grown up there, and will he protected!
British interests have grown up on the Columbia,
and the British Government owes protection to
these interests, and will give it! This is now the
language of Biitish ministers; and this is what we
have got for forty years' forbearance to assert our
title! The nest-egg laid by British diplomacy, has
undergone incubation, aud has hatched, and has
pi educed a fuil-giown bird—a game cock—which
has clapped his wings and crowed defiance in the
lace of the American eagle! and this poor eagle, if
a view could be got of him as he stood during the
"informal conferences" between Mr. Webster and
Lord Ashburton, would be found (no doubt) to have
stuck his head under his wing, and hung out the
white and craven feather.
British interests have grown up on both sides of
the Columbia--to the south as well as to the north
of the rivet—and it is the intention of the British
Government to protect the whole. So say Mr
Huskisson and Mr. Addington. But this is diplo-
macy—modern diplomacy—c qnivalent to finesse.
The south of the Columbia has not been seized to
be retained, but to be given up! The north is to be
retained, for that is the commanding bank. The
"ouih is only seized to be given up as an equivalent,
according to the modern system of compromising,
so successfully introduced in the case of Maine
Seize all! then give back half! call this a compro-
mise! and there will be people (for the minds of
men are various)—-there will be people to applaud
the fine ariangemeiiit, and to thank God for such a
happy deliverance from war. No, sir, no. This
is a ioke about holding on to the south bank. The
settlements made there are for surrender; not for
retention. Ther-are made there to be given upas
equivalents for what is taken from us on th'e north,
and thus settle the Columbia question according to
the piece Jen: of Maine.
^u: the settlement? 0n the north bank their pro-
rction is *io joke. The British mean to hold on to
■ 'hoi, fcr they command the remainder. The
i\oo<Kv Sound controversy is to have the effect
npoii us which it could not have upon the Spaniards
forty years ago. la voin the lighted match was
brttnd'shed over the British cannon in the affair of
Nootka in 1790; in vain immediate and bloodv
war was threatened. The Spanish Government,
though old, decrepid, and tottering under the feeble
sway of Charles IV. and the favorite Godo-/, had
vet too much of the Castilian blood in it to prefer
dishonor to war They prepared for war! and the
