n
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 184J
27th ConQ'—3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
the Rocky Mountains, and across them. This
is what they have done by their agent, the Hudson
Bay Company. In its own name, and by an act of
Parliament immediately after the convention, the
British Government has extended jurisdiction over
th« whole country, taking no notice at all of our
claims, and subjecting all our citizens and their
property to British judges, British courts, and ap-
peals to Canada. This act has been read by my
colleague, [Mr. Linn,] and I commend it to the con-
sideration of all Americans who object to this bill
for fear it may imply an exclusive jurisdiction!
and so give offence to the British. This is what
hap been done by the British since the conven-
tion. They have taken possession of our claimed
territory, of. our harbor, our river—colonized the
country—and killed and expelled our traders.
What have we done? Nothing! So far from go-
ing into the Northwest to hunt, fish, and navigale
oh their claims, we have been expelled from our
own ! and the mutual convention has become the
means of the exclusive possession of the British !
Our traders, left to contend single-handed against
the organized Hudson Bay Company, against their
Indians, against their free goods, have all been
driven in—forced not only out of the valley of the
Columbia, but out of the Rocky Mountains—and
ruin has overtaken many of them. Even the strong
and rich company of Mr. Chouteau can no longer
approach the Rocky Mountains. The Hudson
Bay traders are the masters there. Every Ameri-
can that approaches that region, does so at the peril
of his life. Many were killed there this summer.
And, in (tie face of all this, wc sit here, fearing to
pass this bill, lest it may give offence to the British.
It is time to terminale Ihis convention of 1818;
it is time to terminate the discreditable slate of
things in relation lo the Columbia. It is a war
subject, and the peacn mission should have termi-
nated it! No earthly consideration should have de-
tached this question from the Maine boundary, and
the other subjects of complaint. To separate"them,
was to surrender all the unsettled questions. The
Columbia, and the Southern question in relation (o
slaves, were separated; and in that separation their
sacrifice, or a war on account of them, was in-
volved. The President, in his message recom-
mending the peace treaty, informs us that the Co-
lumbia wasthesubjcci of "informal con/rrnices" be-
tween the negotiators of that treaty; but thai it
could not lhen he included among'the subjects of
formal negotiation. This was ;m ominous annun-
ciation, and should have opened the eyes of the
President to a great danger. It the peace mission,
which came heie to settle everything, ai d which
had so much lo gain in (he Maine boundary and
the African alliance;—if ihi-, mission could not
agree with ns about Ihe Columbia, what mission
ever can1 To an inquiry Jroin the Senate lo know
the nature and extent of these "mformal. rovfe-r-
ences" between Mr. Webster and Lord Ashburton,
and to learn the reason why the Columbia question
could not have been included among the subjects
of formal negotiation—to these inquiries, the Presi-
dent answeis, that ii is incompatible with the
public interest to communicate these things. This
is a strange answer, and most unexpected. Wc have
no political secrets in our country, neither among
ourselves nor with foreigners. On tins- subject of
Ihe Columbia, especially, we have no seciels.
Everything in relation lo it has been publish d.
All the conferences hen lot'ore h.i ve been made pub-
tic. The protoeo's, Ihe minutes, the conversations,
on both sides, have all been published. The British
have published their rlatm, such as it is: Wc bave
published ours. The public documents are full of
them, and there can be nothing in the queslion it-
self to require secrecy. The negotiator, and not
the subject, may require seeiecy. Propositions
may have been made, which no previous adminis-
tration would tolerate, and which it may lie deemed
prudent to conceal until it has taken 'he form of a
stipulation, and the cry of war can be raised to
lavish its ratification from us. A'! previous ad-
ministrations, while claiming the whole valley of
the Columbia, have refused"to admit a particle of
British claim south of '19 degrees, Mr. Adams,
under Mr. Monroe, peremptorily refused to submit
any such claim even to arbitration.' The Maine
boundary, settled by the lieaty of 17*3, hid been
submitted to arbitration; but this was refused. And
now, if, after all this, any proposition has been made
by our Government to give up the north bank of
the river, I, foi one, shall not fail to brand such a
proposition with the name of treason,
This pretension to the Columbia is an encroach-
ment upon our rights and possession. It is a con-
tinuation of the encroachments which Great Brit-
ain systematically practises upon us. Diplomacy
and audacity carry her through, and gain her posi-
tion after position upon our borders. It is in vain
that the treaty of 1783 gave us a safe military fron-
tier. We have been losing it ever since the late
war, and are still losing it. The commission under
the treaty of Ghent took from us the islands of
Grand Menan, Campo Bello, and Indian island, on
the coast of Maine, and which command the bays
of Fundy and Passamaquoddy. Those islands be-
longed to us by the treaty of peace, and by the laws
of God and Nature; for they are on our coast, and
within wading distance of it. Can we not wade to
these islands'! [Looking at Senator Williams, who
answered, "We can wade to one of them."] Yes,
wade to it! And yet the British worked them out
of us; and now can wade to us, and command our
land, as well as our water. By these acquisitions,
and those of the late treaty, the Bay of Fundy will
become a great naval station to overawe and scourge
our whole coast, from Maine to Florida. Under
the same commission of the Ghent treaty, she got
from us the island of'Boisblanc, in the mouth of the
Detroit river, and which commands that river and
the entrance into Lake Erie. It was ours under the
treaty of 1783; it was taken from us by diplomacy.
And now an American ship must pass between the
mouths of two sets of British batteries—one on
Boisblane; the other directly opposite, at Maiden;
and the two batteries within three or four hundred
vards of each other. Am I right as to the distanced
[Looking at Senator Woodbridgs, who answered,
"The distance is three hundred yards."] Then
comes the late treaty, which takes from us (for I
will say nothing of what the award gave up beyond
the St. John) the mountain frontier, 3,000 feet in
height, 150 miles long, approaching Quebec and the
St. Lawrence, and, in the language ot Mr. Feather-
stonhaugh, "commanding all their communications,
and commanding and overawing Q,uebec itself."
This we have given up; and, in doing so, have given
up our military advantages in that quarter, and
placed them in the hands of Great Britain, to
be used against ourselves in future wars. The
boundary between the Lake Superior and the Lake
of the Woods has been altered by the late treatv
and subjected us to another encroachment, and to
the loss of a military advantage, which Great
Britain gains. To say nothing about Pigeon river
as being or not being the "long lake" of the treaty
of 1783; to say nothing of that, there are yet two
routes commencing in that stream—one bearing far
(o ihe south, and forming the large island called
"f Turner's." By the old boundary, ihe line went
the northern route; by the new, it goes lo the south;
giving the British a'large scope of our territory,
(which'is of no great value;) but giving them, also,
Ihe exclusive possession of the old route, ihe best
route, and the one commanding the Indians, which
is of great importance. Above all, he brings them
back to the Grand Portage, on this side of Pigeon
river, from which they removed forty years ago to
avoid paying duties; 'and then went to Fort Wil-
liam, beyond the Kamanistequia; he brings back the
Britjshfur company, and re-establishes them in
the United States. At the same time, while yield-
ing to this encroachment upon us in the North-
west, the American negotiator, disregarding his
own witnesses when they would not follow
his leading questions to 'draw testimony fa-
vorable to'the British,—disrega rdingthese witnesses
the American negotiator, yields to an encroach-
ment in that quarter; grants all that Lord Ashbur-
ton asked, and then affects to have made an acqui-
sition there of four millions of acres of fine mineral
land! The encroachment now attempted upon the
Columbia, is but a continuation of this system of
encroachments which is kept up against us, and
which, until 1813, labored even to get the navi-
gation of Ihe Mississippi, by laboring to make the
lrnefiom the Lake of the Woods reach its head
spring. It Great Britain had succeeded in gettingthis
line to touch the Mississippi, she was then to claim
the navigation of the river, under the law of na-
tions, contrary to her doctrine in the case of the
people of Maine and the river St, John. The line
of the 49th parallel of north latitude is another in-
stance of her encroaching policy; it has been muti-
lated by the persevering efforts of Biiiish diplo-
macy; and the breaking of that line was immedi-
ately followed by the most daring of all her en-
croachments—that of the Columbia river, !
Besides encroaching upon our borders, Great
Britain is using all her own advantages in the same
hostile sense. Bermuda, opposite the Southern
coast, is made a vast place of arms. Nassau, New-
Providence, almost in sight of Florida, is made the
same; the lines of steamers to Halifax and to the
West Indies, commanded by naval officers and
fitted for war, are all preparations against us. All
around us—north, south, east, west—Great Britain
is surrounding us, and encroaching upon us.
Like a vast boa constrictor, she is involving
us in her folds, and twisting herself all around us!
and we sit here fearing to exercise our own rights,
lest we give her offence! We are beleaguered,
blockaded, hedged in, circumvented on all sides;
yet fear to warn theintruder from our premises.
We fear war! as if the fear of war ever kept it
off. We fear war ! while Great Britain is systemat-
ically preparing for war with us. All her encroach-
ments upon us show that she is preparing for this
result. Why else this eternal pressure upon us1?
We do not go to the islands on the British coasts to
obtain commanding positions against her. No other
power in the world comes here to encroach upon us.
Why does she come, except with hostile intents'?
She is preparing for war; and the late treaty is the
largest of all her preparations. It pacifies the
Northern States, leaving the South and West in the
lurch; while the new corn law gives them virtually
a free trade, and a Separate trade in the great staples
of gram and provisions. Henceforth they must
have a separate interest in peace with Great Brit-
ain. The Union has ceased to be a unit in its
complaints against that power!
Great Britain is preparing for war against us,
and is mancelivring to get the advantage in the
cause; lo find a pretext in the question of slavery—
a question in which she would have the sympathies
of all the world, and much of this Union, on her
side. Hence her invention of the new claim of
visiting our ships on the coast of Africa—a claim,
which is a branch of the impressment claim, and
which the tribute of the five years eighty-gun squad-
ron has purchased off for the present. As a nation,
Great Britain despises and hates our nation. There
maybe individual Englishmen who have regard
for individual Americans; but, as it concerns na-
tion and nation, they despise and hate us! They
want war with us; and count upon its being short
and triumphant. They count upon raising a San
Domingo insurrection in the South, arming all the
Indians of North America against us, and crush-
ing the paper fabric of our finances. This is their
count. We should count upon expelling them from
our continent, giving liberty to Ireland, and aiding
the English people to reform their Government.
Sooner or later, war will come, for Great Britain
is determined upon it; and we should roll hack
the thunder upon her own shores. Thirty thousand
friends of Ireland landed on her coast, and forming
the rallying-point for a million^ of patriots, would
make that devoted island free, and shake Old Eng-
land to her centre. These are my sentiments; and
I neither dissemble nor deny them. Peace is our
policy. War is the policy of England; and war
with us is now her favorite policy. Let it come,
rather than dishonor! The man is alive, and with
a beard on his face, (though it may not be I,) who
will then see an American army in Ireland, and an
American general in the streets of London.
SPEECH OF MR. LINN,
OP MISSOURI.
In Senate, Monday, January 'J, 3843.—The bill
for the occupation and settlement of the Territo-
ry of Oregon being under discussion, and on its
passage—
Mr. LINN, in reply to the Senators from South
Carolina.and Massachusetts, [Messrs. Calhoun and
C no ate j addressed tile Senate as follows:
Mr. PflEstnsxi: The Senator from South Caro-
lina has given a brief, but vciy admirable analysis
of the English and American claims to the Territory
of Oregon; and spoken with great force and truth-of
the rapid advance of our population to the West,
whieh may well he compared to the rolling on of a
great and vride stream. Yes, its march is onward
to the West—to the far West; and can only be
stayed by the waters of the great Pacific. You
might as well attempt to dam the course of the
turbulent Mississippi, as to arrest the onward
maren of this restless people, The puny arm of
