r - ?
Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
27th Cok®«---Sd Sits*.
West Florida Bill—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
had not been embraced in the treaty; and Congress
•went altogether beyond our stipulations with Spain,
in passing the law of 1834.
Under this law, as well as that of 1823, all kinds
of property were paid for; but no payments were
made, as I understand, for persons who had been
either killed or stolen, up to the year 1838, when the
Secretary of the Treasury found himself so strong-
ly beset by slaveholders, who claimed to have lost
slaves during the campaigns in East Florida under
General Matthews and General Jackson, that he
referred the subject to the then Attorney General,
Felix Grundy, who seems to have arrived at the
very satisfactory conclusion that men were prop-
erty, (vide opinions of the Attorney General, vol.
6, Ex. Doc. 2d session 26th Congress.) He seems
not only to have considered men as property, but he
appears to have supposed that stealing them consti-
tuted a part of the operations of our armies in Flor-
ida, This learned opinion was deemed satisfactory,
and the doors of our treasury were thrown open to
the slaveholders, and the money acquired by the
toil of Northern freemen was handed over in pay-
ment for the bones and sinews of their fellow-men.
This, sir, is the history; and we are now asked
to take another step, and pay for the losses sus-
tained in West Florida by reason of the invasion of
General Jackson in 1814. We are, by this bill, not
only asked to pay for all property used, taken, and
destroyed by his army, and by the followers of his
camp; but we are asked to pay for the slaves killed
and stolen by his army, and those who followfid it.
The House will bear in mind that the Govern-
ment holds itself responsible only for the authorized
acts of its agents. The commander of an army
may impress provisions for its support, if they are
not furnished by the Government: or he may im-
press teams to transport his baggage and arms
when they are not otherwise provided. But he
cannot go beyond that, and take property not al-
lowed to an army by the laws of the country. If
he take my family pictures, or any other articles
which we do not ordinarily provide for our armies,
it is a trespass, for which lie alone is liable. As be-
fore remarked, I understand that property of every
description was paid for under these acts of Con-
gress, whether it was taken by order of the com-
manding officer, or by the followers of the camp; or
whether it was property ordinarily allowed to an
army, or such articles as we never furnbh to our
troops.
This practice of the Government with our own
citizens is the same as in private life. If our agent
keep within the bounds of his authority, we hold
ourselves responsible for his acts, if he transcend
his authority, we are not buund. Now, if the House
desire to go further than we have been accustomed
to go with our own citizens, and grant to the people
of Florida indemnity for all acts committed by our
army, or by those who followed the camp of Gen-
eral Jackson, upon property which they were au-
thorized to take, or upon that which they had no
authority to take, I shall not object. It is to that
feature in the bill which seeks to grant to the peo-
ple of West Florida indemnity for the slaves stolen,
by the army, and by the followers of the army, un-
der General Jackson in 1811, to which I object. I
oppose this provision of the bill, for the reason that
it seeks to overturn the entire practice of Congress
since the adoption of the Constitution; and, in my
opinion, is in palpable violation of the constitutional
rights of the people of the free States. It is, there-
fore, an unyielding sense of duty that constrains me
to oppose the passage ot this bill—a bill which is to
take from the pockets of my constituents, and of the
people of the free States, their money, and apply it
in payment for human flesh. I do it from no wish
to stir up strife, by agitating what is generally
called "the delicate question;" but I do it in defence
of the constitutional rights of the people of the
free States. I deem the subject of paramount im-
portance to the nation, and particularly to those
States.
I have had no agency in bringing forward this
bill. That has been done by others. Its passage is
urged upon us; and we must silently permit it to
become a law; or we must array ourselves in oppo-
sition to its further progress. Gentlemen from the
free States must select the position which they de-
sire to occupy. They must, by their votes, aid in
taking money from the pockets of their constituents,
and handing it over to those who claim the bodies,
the flesh and blood of their fellow-men, as property;
or they must stand forth in defence of the interests
mi the honor of the .Northern States, and of
the Federal Constitution. I will remark, further,
that these questions of the constitutional rights of
the people of the several States in regard to slavery,
are pressing upon us from so many directions, that
their discussion cannot much longer be delayed.
The number of bills now upon our calendar, which
involve those questions, forbids all hopes of suppress-
ing the agitation of this matter. Again: if we look
for a moment to the various parts of the Union,
and mark the feeling that exists both at the North
and at the South, the intensity of which is increas-
ing daily, from conflicting interests and collisions
of supposed rights, we must conclude that every
dictate of patriotism impels us to the speedy adjust-
ment of these difficulties. This feeling is constantly
gathering strength throughout our country; and
every delay will add to its already accumulated
force, and will increase the difficulties of allaying
it. I therefore deem the present time the most fa-
vorable for adjusting those difficulties, from which
wc have so long shrunk with a tremulous delicacy.
If, however, we have not the moral courage to meet
those important questions in this hall, and to decide
upon them as statesmen and patriots, it requires no
inspiration to foresee that the people will assume to
themselves the responsibility which they have as-
signed to us. 1 shall not presume to predict the
manner of the adjudication, nor when that event
shall take place.
Sir, if we pass this bill, shall we not add to the
feelings of the North, which have already reached
a point where they cannot be trifled with'! I ask
gentlemen of the North whether they are prepared
to take the money of their constituents and pay for
slaves killed by the army of General Jackson, or
stolen by the followers of his camp? Are gentle-
men of either political party, from the free States,
prepared to thrust their hands into the pockets of
their constituents, for money to hand over to the
slaveholders of Florida as a compensation lor
slaves'! If, sir, we are prepared to do this, let us do
it openly and fearlessly; let us place ourselves be-
fore the world; in that attitude, let there be no dodg-
ing or skulking; let us say by our acts that we think
our constituents will submit to it; that they have
not the spirit to resist, nor the independence to op-
pose, such violations of their rights;—let this be made
the issue, and the result will not be doubtful. In
all sincerity, I ask Southern gentlemen if they be-
lieve we can compel the sturdy sons of liberty at
the North, whose fathers and brothers fell in the
late war, and who were thrown pennyless upon
the world, to contributea portion of theirpropeity,
acquired by toil, to pay the slaveholders of Florida
for negroes enticed away 6y the followers of Gen.
Jackson's camp'! If we pass this bill in its present
form, we shall adopt a new principle into our le-
gislation—one that has not heretofore been known
in an American Congress—one that, up tothisday,
has been denied and repudiated by this House. 1
trust that gentlemen will notice this important fact,
and that they willbe prepared to say, by their vote
upon the passage of this bill, whether they are will-
ing to overturn the principles which have guided
our national legislation for more than half a ccn-
tury. Iam not prepared to go into a minute ex-
amination of all claims for slaves that have been
presented to Congress since the adoption of our
Constitution. The leading cases were ably exam-
ined by my highly respected predecessor, the Hon.
E. Whittlesey, in a report which he, as chairman
of the Committee of Claims, made to this House in
1830, (vide 3d vol. Reports, 1st session 21st Con-
gress, No. 401.) I will send this report to the
Clerk's table, with a request that he will read it to
the House. [The Clerk here read the report of the
Committee of Claims, made upon the memorial of
Francis Larch. When the reading was closed,
Mr. Giddings resumed.]
The esse presented by this report is one of'.he
very strongest character. Francis Larch owned a
slave, which he held as property under the laws of
Louisiana. This slave, while driving a horse and
cart belonging to his master, was, on the day of the
battle of New Orleans, impressed, with the horse
and cart, into the public service, by order of the
commanding officer. During the battle, the slave
and horse were killed, and the cart destroyed by
cannon shot. Mr. Larch applied to Congress for
compensation. The Committee of Claims, com-
posed of members both from the slave and the free
States, reported unanimously in favor of paying
for the horse and cart, and against any compensa-
tion for the slave. They came to this conclusion
after learning, from the Register of the Treasury,
that slaves had never been paid for by the Federal
Government during the revolutionary war, nor
since that period; and after a careful examination
of the action of the House upon this question
whenever it had come before them. I commend
to the notice of gentlemen the action of this House
m 1816, when an attempt was made to grant in-
demnity for slaves killed in the public service.
This attempt was opposed by several Southern
members, among whom was Mr. McCoy of Vir-
ginia; and such was the force of reasoning brought
to bear against the application, that only forty
members voted for it. We have the authority of
this report, made by Mr. Whittlesey, that, up to
the year 1830, no payment for slaves killed in the
public service, or otherwise lost to their owners,
had ever been authorized by Congress. I have
carefully examined the proceedings of this body
since the date of this report, and so have other
gentlemen; but we have found no instance in
which Congress has acknowledged any obligation
resting upon the United States to pay for slaves.
On the contrary, the records of the Committee of
Claims show conclusively that, up to the present
Congress, that committee, from 1794, (the date of
its earliest record,) has rejected every claim pre-
sented to them for compensation on account of
slaves lost in the public service, whether they
had been impressed into the service, or had en-
tered it by consent of their masters. I therefore
say, without hesitation, that, from the meeting of
the first Congress, in 1789, up to this day, the prac-
tice of Congress on this subject has been uniform.
All applications for indemnity for the lossof slaves
have been rejected, without exception; and Iappeal
to gentlemen to maintain inviolate this usage,
which, by universal consent, has now become law
with us,, Lay not violent hands upon a rule thus
sanctioned by the wisdom of our predecessors for
more than fifty years.
The report which has been read speaks of it as
"a delicate question," and of adding to the excite-
ment already existing." The committee, like other
members, were in thehabit of approaching this sub-
ject with a kind of horror which their imagina-
tions seem to have thrown around it. They appear
to have, been unwilling to examine in detail the
principles on which they based their report; but the
precedents were established by those who assisted in
framing the Constitution. Their examples have
been approved and followed down to this day, and,
in my opinion, should not now be departed from.
Those sages and patriots who framedtheConstitu-
tion must have understood their own intentions in
framing it; and, being guided by the most pure love
of country, while subsequently t-erving in this hall,
their decisions on this point are certainly entitled to
great weight.
But, overwhelming as the authority ofthese pre-
cedents is, and conclusive as the former practice of
this House would seem to be, there are other and
far stronger arguments to be drawn from the Con-
stitution itself. But, before entering upon this part
of the argument, I propose to examine briefly the
maxim which prevails so generally in the slave
States, that "slaves are property." This saying is
frequently made by gentlemen from the South, and
is sometimes repeated by those of the North. The
constitution of Ohio declares that "man is created
free, and is endowed by his Creator with a right to
the uninterrupted enjoyment of life, liberty, and
the pursuit of happiness."
This constitution my colleagues and myself have
often sworn to support. How, then, we can call
man properly, and say that, as such, he belongs to
his fellow-man, is a matter which I cannot readily
comprehend. But it is said that Kentucky, and all
the other slave States, by their laws, have declared
a portion of their people to be the properly of the
others. Here is the conflict between the laws of
Kentucky and Ohio. They are at variance with
each other, and cannot be reconciled. Yet, sir, as I
prefer the doctrine of our constitution, I may enjoy
the blessings ofliberty while I remain in that State.
If I prefer the slavery of Kentucky, 1 may go to that
State, and participate in its privileges, and live un-
der her laws. While, then, the people of Ohio can-
not demand of me the adoption of their political
faith—that man is endowed by his Creator with the
right to enjoy his life and his liberty—neither can
the people of Kentucky force upon me, while a
citizen of Ohio, the doctrine that man can hold
property in man. These laws of Kentucky are in
force within her territory, but not in Ohio. The
laws of Ohio are in force within that State, but
