82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843.
©OHd 3D SBSS.
The Bankrupt Bill—-Mr. Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
have iio validity in Kentucky. But it is said that
vri bound to consider slaves as! property, be-
o'ause this law of the slave States has declared them
siich.' If that be the case, then are the people of the
Steve States bound to consider man free, because
thg- paramount law of Ohio has declared him so.
Sir, our law is as binding upon the people of Ken-
tu'cfey, as the laws of that State are upon the people
of Ohio. We acknowledge no superiority in our
sister State, nor do we claim any for our own.
We stand upon the same level, enjoying equal
rights,- and maintaining an equal independence. If
she can demand of us a portion of our substance to
pay. her people for the loss of slaves, may we not de-
mand of her citizens a portion of their wealth to
compensate our people for the loss of our sons, our
brothers, our husbands, and fathers, killed in de-
fending her citizens (perhaps her slaves) against a
foreign enemy? Is the slave more valuable than a
freeman'! Or is the loss of a slave of more import-
ance to the country than that of a freeman1? Has
the nation a deeper intei est in the lives of slaves, than
it has in those of freemen?
That difference in the laws of the several States
existed at the formation of the Constitution. Had
th'e- framers of that instrument intended to have
overturned the doctrine of the free States, and of
the civilized world, in this respect, they would have
befen likely to leave some evidence of that fact in
the Constitution itself, or in the debates of the con-
vention that framed it. The distinction between
■persons_ and properly was drawn by the hand of
God himself, at the creation. That distinction
cannot be obliterated by man. "The human form
divine" is distinct from all other earthly beings and
things. This distinction was sanctioned and estab-
lished when the voice of the Almighty proclaimed
to man, "Have dominion over the fish of Ike sea,
and over the fowls of Che air, and over the cattle, and
over all the earth, and ovei every cieeping thing that
creepelh upon the earth!"
"This," says Sir William Blackstone, "was the
origin of property." It is founded upon the com-
mand of Heaven, and is totally unconnected with
the laws of our slave States. This marked dis-
tinction between persons and property has been ob-
served by jurists, statesmen, and writers, from the
earliest antiquity to the present day. In 1776, the
Congress of these colonies declared "that all men
are created equal." The members of the conven-
tion that framed the Constitution were profoundly
read in natural and municipal law, and well under-
stood this fundamental distinction. Mr. Madison,
who is styled "the father of the Constitution," has
left on record his opinion, as expressed in the con-
vention. He declared it "wiong to admit slaves
to be property." We have no intimation that an
individual in the convention differed from him.
Ort this point, so far as our information extends,
there was no difference of opinion. On the con-
trary, we have conclusive evidence that the dis-
■ tinctton between persons and property was kept up
by the language of the Constitution itself. In ev-
ery instance where that instrument refers to the un-
fortunate class of people called slaves, they are
characterized as persons. Thus, in fixing the ra-
tio of representation, in the 2d section of the 1st ar-
ticle, they are denominated persons. When it
grhnts to Congress power to suppress the slave-
ttade, in section 9, article 1, it characterizes them
as persons. In section 2, article 4, in providing for
the recapture of fugitive slaves, they are again
styled persons. But in no instance are they alluded
to as properly.
It would really seem as though these facts could
*eave no room for cavil as to the lisht in which
the Constitution of the United States regards them
If the opinion of the Supreme Court of the United
fc'ates could rffake this question more clear I
might cite the decision of Groves vs. Slaughter, re-
ported in 15th Peters, in which this point came be-
lore the court, and it was said by Justice McLean
that, although slaves may, by the laws of particular
States, be declared property, "yet the Federal Con-
stitution regards them only as persons." But in
my opinion, the language of the Constitution is
conclusive, and cannot be made more apparent bv
argument. In some of the States, slaves are declar-
ed property. But the question now before us is
Dci thesuilaws override the laws of other States'!
and do they supersede the Federal Constitution?
I he constitutions of the free States, that of the Fed-
eral Government, the opinions of the civilized
world, the hand of nature, and the voice of God
Jjave distinguished persons from property; and it is
now too late for a particular State to overturn these
authorities, and force upon us the new principle
that man is properly, or that property is man. It
cannot be done. My friend in front of me [Mr.
Howard] says it cannot be done short of a "bill of
sale from the Almighty." But, Mr. Speaker, should
such an instrument be produced, I would at once
deny its authenticity.
[Mr. Holmes of S. C. called Mr. Giddings to or-
der for sacrilege.
The Speaker pro tern. (Mr. McKennan) decided
that Mr. Giddings was not out of order, and desired
him to proceed ]
Mr. Giddings resumed. I regret, Mr. Speaker,
that any gentleman should permit his feelings to
become excited at what I was saying. I hope to
control my own feelings, let others do as they may.
1 have said what I desired to say upon the subject
of man holding man as property. There is, how-
ever, another view of the question to which I wish
to call the attention of the House. It is this; that
we do not possess the constitutional right to involve
the people of the free States in the expense, the
disgrace, or the guilt of slavery. With them, it is
a matter of principle and of conscience. They
will not consent to be involved in slavery, unless
they are constitutionally liable to be made partici-
pators in that institution.
I deny that they are thus liable. I lay it down as
a principle well established—one that is not to be
denied or doubted—that,by our Federal Constitution,
no power was delegated to Congress to involve the
people of the free States in the expense, the guilt,
or the disgrace of that ihstitution. I have on a
former occasion stated some of my views upon this
point; but I trust the House will bear with me,
if, upon the present occasion, I again refer to the
doctrine which 1 trust will at no distant day be ac-
knowledged as a fundamental principle of this
Government. In order to be understood, I will re-
fer to the situation of the several States prior to the
adoption of the Constitution. At that period, each
State exercised supreme and unlimited power over
the institution of slavery within its own limits.
Each possessed the power to continue or abolish it
withoutinterference or interruption from any other
power on earth. Virginia held her slaves subject
only to the laws of that State. Massachusetts en-
joyed her freedom in the same unlimited and su-
preme degree. Virginia could not call upon Mas-
sachusetts to share with her any portion of the ex-
pense, the disgrace, or the guilt of slavery. Nor
could Congress, under the old Confederation, in-
volve MaNsachusetts, to any extent whatever, in that
institution. If the slaves of Virginia were killed
or lost, or ran away from their masters, her people
sustained the loss, if any; nor could they throw any
part of it upon the people of Massachusetts. The
people of the latter Slate enjoyed their freedom,
entirely exempt from the restrictions of slavery.
Her people were not liable to be called upon to
contribute their funds to pay for the bones and
sinews of their fellow-men, in violation of their
moral principles.
At the formation of the Constitution, the people
of each State entertained their own views concern-
ing slavery. The North were opposed to that in-
stitution. The South deemed it necessary for their
prosperity. The same conflicting views and in-
terests existed at that period, .that exist at this
day. The Northern States were anxious for the
abolition of slavery. The Southern States re-
fused to adopt the Constitution, if, by so doing, the
Federal Government were to have any power over
it. Virginia would not intrust her slavery to the
control of the Federal Government, nor would
Massachusetts intrust the liberty of her people to
that power.
On the subject of slavery, each State, therefore,
retained to itself its whole powers concerning that
institution—delegating no portion of those powers
to the Federal Government, except the power to
legislate so far as to enable the owners of fugitive
slaves to recapture them. This power was express-
ly given in the Constitution: and its existence there
is as Strong a negative of the existence of all other
powers, as could have been expressed by any lan-
guage whatever. It therefore follows, that at this
day we have no more power to apply the public
funds to pay for slaves, than Congress possessed
under the old articles of Confederation. We have
no more power to take a slave from his master now
than the old Congress had. The citizens of Vir-
giniiatthis day holds his slave as independent of
the Federal Government as he did prior to the
adoption of our Constitution. We, sir, possess no
more constitutional power to separate the master
and slave in Virginia, than we do to sever that rela-
tion between persons in India. Nor have we any
more constitutional right to involve the people of the
free States in the expense of slavery*; or in the
moral guilt of paying a slaveholder for loosing his
grasp upon his fellow-man, than we have to take
money from the people of Great Britain for that
object. Sir, we should violate the rights of the
people of Canada in no greater degree, if we were
to compel them to aid in the payment for lost slaves,
than we shall those of the free States, if we com-
pel them to contribute for the same purpose. Sir,
the right of enjoying our personal liberty, and the
right of continuing slavery, were State interests,
which were never brought into the political copart-
nership. They constitute no portion of our joint
capital; nor can they be reached by the acts of our
political firm. We, acting for thejoint interests of
all the States, cannot interfere with either theslave-
ry ot the South or the liberty of the North. The
power to do this has never been delegated to us. ^ Its
exercise would be a usurpation—a palpable viola-
tion of the Constitution—a subversion of the rights
of the people upon whom it is exercised. If we
have power to involve the people of the free States
in the payment of slaves to any extent, we have
the right to exert precisely the same power, and to the
same extent, for the abolition of slavery in the slave
States. Establish the principle that we can involve
the people of the free States in the payment of
slaves, and it will follow that we have jurisdiction
over slavery. If we have power to make the free
States pay for slaves, we have power to say they
shall not be paid for. If we may interfere to any
extent, we may to all extent. If we have jurisdic-
tion over that institution, let us at once exercise it
as becomes a nation professing freedom. I am
ready to take jurisdiction of it whenever I can sat-
isfy myself that we can constitutionally do so.
When we once commence legislation in regard
to slavery, 1 hope and trust we shall speak of "nat-
ural rights," of "human liberty," and of the crime
of holding our fellow-men in bondage. When we
talk ofslavery, I trust it will be to execrate it, to
abolish it, and not to discuss the propriety of en-
couraging its continuance at the expense of this
Government and of the free States, or in any other
manner.
I move to recommit the bill, with instructions to
the committee which reported it, to insert a proviso
that nothing contained in it shall authorize the pay-
ment for any slave killed, taken, or carried offby
the American army, or any person belonging there-
to, or accompanying the same.
SPEECH OF MR. MERIWETHER,
Of GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, January 4, 1843—
On the bill for the repeal of the bankrupt law.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that he concurred
fully in opinion with the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Bowne,] that there would be no repeal
of the bankrupt law at the present session. He
had no doubt that many of those who professed to
oppose the law, were at heart its friends; and that
such would vote for all motions for commit-
ment, for all instructions, to waste time and de-
feat action. They were opposed to repeal; but, to
save appearances, were compelled to make a show
of resistance to the law. The measure had been
made a theme for party declamation throughout
the Union. It would be difficult to find, in the
vocabulary of epithets, one which had not been ex-
hausted upon both the measure and its advocates;
and now, afler it had been made the stepping-stone
to power, it would be too impudent for those who
had so used it, at once to vote against the repeal:
hence they have sought its defeat by indirect at-
tacks, and will, no doubt, succeed in their purpose.
The whole country had been aroused against the
law; its provisions had bebn declared to be ruin-
ous, dishonest, villanous: and yet those very pro-
visions, thus condemned, had, every one of them,
time arid again, been commended to the people, by
the votes of the leading members of the Demo-
cratic paity in the Senate. All this the country
had neglected to look at; and the advocates of the
law had not had time to catch the fir< calm, in the
storm which had swept over them, to demonstrate
it. The law—just as it is, without change of a
syllable, word, or sentence—is acceptable, no doubt,
to the majority of the Democratic party; but they
