St
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843.
27th Comg*—'3d Sbss.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. Meriwether
H. of Reps.
no. special objection to fight under the banner
of the Captain, since he was going into private
life. The position of the President now is such,
thatthe Democracy dare not treat with neglect or
contempt his overtures. They dare not refuse
him audience. They must respond when he cries,
"Who'bidsl
The welcome of Daniel Webster and John C.
Spencer to the ranks of Democracy, by the gentle-
man from New York, is no new idea in that party.
It has before been thought of by them, and acted
upon before; and all this parade before the coun-
try by gentlemen, that they cannot receive them,
nor the Administration with them, is but a feint,
to operate upon certain quarters and certain men,
when, eventually, acting under the constraining
will of the people, as pretended, they will be re-
ceived into full fellowship, at least by one portion
t>f the immaculate "one and indivisible" Democ-
racy.
1 propose reading a resolution adopted at a large
meeting of Democrats in the State of Kentucky,
at which, the "Madisonian" says, the most influ-
ential Democrats of the State attended, and that
they are men not surpassed for influence in that
party in the Union. Mr. M. read the following:
"Resolved, That Daniel "Webster and John C.
Spencer, the brightest luminaries of the Whig sky,
have, in their transit to Democracy, formed a halo
of glory around its principles."
[Laughter, and cries of "Read that again."]
After this, let not my friends think that this Ad-
ministration is without bidders, when it is put up
for sale. The gentleman [Mr. Cushing] knew all
these facts, and knew, however damaged it was to
the country, yet, for party purposes, it was highly
valuable to the Democracy. Mr. Tyler, by his
patronage, is omnipotent with that party. He has
done what no other man, either in or out of the
party, could do. He has not only carried his own
strength into the ranks of the Democracy, but he
has carried with him, and installed into his com-
mand, Daniel Webster and John C. Spencer as his
lieutenants; and the Democracy are rallying around
them, while they "formed a halo of glory around
its principles." The Democracy will always bid
at such a sale. What higher evidence can be
wanting of the disposition to bid, irrespective of
conditions, than this"! And what better evidence
of an alliance, offensive as well as defensive,
than that which makes o'd enemies "one and indi-
visible" political associates'! We shall see here-
after if there is not still stronger evidence of alli-
ance—one founded on a bid, and that bid a bargain.
But it may be asked if Mr. Tyler himself is,
without difficulty, surrounded by so many new as-
sociates and friends'! It appeals not; from indica-
tions, it seems that there are false teachers in the
household; that the bidders are themselves treach-
erous; and, while they bargain for their loyalty,
they are seeking to rob patronage of its power, and
to sacrifice its dispenser to their selfishness. Treason
seems to reign in the camp, and friendship is made
the screen behind which perfidy perpetrates its
deeds.
I hold in my hand a letter said to have been writ-
ten irom the White House. It appeared in the
New York "Union," the accredited organ in that
city of the President, and would not have appeared
there, urging such grave charges, uttering such
melancholy complaints, and speakingsnch despond-
ing language, if there was no foundation for all,
and a great many more causes of dissatisfaction
than those detailed. Speaking of the President, it
says:
"The President is like a man who is walking
over a straight road, and ever and anon some kind
friend advises him to turn to the right or the left, or
to go up that hill, or down that lane, intending to
do him the favor, if they can get him out of the
straight and honest path he has chosen, to strip
him of his coat, waistcoat, and breechcs."
[Roars of laughter.]
Mr. M. continued. He hoped the gentleman
from New York was not one of the number who
were trying to get the President's breeches. [Con-
tinued laughter.] What a melancholy picture
does this tale untold I How fearfullv true is the
treachery which it discloses! Tha't the highest
officer within the gift of a free people is subject to
such associations; that he cannot trust himself
to the counsel ihey may present; and that,
under the flattering but deceitful profession of
friendship, counsellors around him advise to
a policy not to subserve the public
but which, if adopted, selects their own selfish pur-
poses as the only object to be attained, robs him
of all ability to be useful, and makes him the de-
graded tool of their ambition! The language ot
this complaint is figurative, but the fact it discloses
is real. Surely the President must feel that he
reclines on thorns, when surrounded by a faction
which has been collected through the patronage of
power, and which will betray him as interest may
dictate. These are melancholy facts, to go down
to posterity as evidence of the prostitution of the
present day. Well might the gentleman, [Mr.
Cushing,] knowing all these things—the profes-
sions of friendship made, and the perfidy which
was ready to betray confidence reposed—put up
the Administration at auction; well might he seek
to bring out before the public eye those who were
its friends, that those who had sworn their loyalty
in the recesses at the White House should regis-
ter their vows before the world—that the truefriends
might be distinguished, and the robbers of coats
and breeches expelled. But how could it be other-
wise than that, when treachery had once tainted its
victim, the victim should perfect the treachery'?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Weller] had
said on yesterday that the President had been
greatly annoyed and assailed by the Whigs who
wanted office; that their " voracious maws" not
being satisfied, they had turned in wrath against
him. Upon the subject of office, perhaps that
gentleman would have done as well to have been
silent. If reports be true, should that gentleman
be not now most perfectly satisfied, he might incur
the charge of having the insatiable appetite of a
cormorant. But it seems that the thirst for office
happens not to be confined to the Whigs alone. No
doubt that there was a great rush on their part as
soon as they had been installed in power. Many
honest and honorable men bad been hurled from
office, for no other reason than that they had an
opinion of their own. They cameforvvard quickly
to have the stigma wiped from their characters—
which official tyranny had stamped upon them.
But it is a fact, which is disgraceful to both parties,
that too many of their members desire office for
the gains which it brings to them. But the Demo-
crats seem to have much rapacity for office too, and
have proved a source of great vexation at the
White House. The same letter to which I before
referred has this remark:
"I am glad to find that your Tyler cliques in
New York are becoming more orderly and gov-
ernable. I thought at one time, from their contin-
ued rush to the Capitol, that a new party, under the
name of'Want to-get-into-the-custom-house Party,'
would carry all before them; for there was no want
of applicants for collectors, postmasters, marshals,
navy agents, district attorneys, &c.; and, if the ap-
plicants themselves were to be credited, those high
functionaries were but sorry fellows at best. Al-
though none has succeeded, or is likely to suc-
ceed, yet ever and anon a poor 'fainl and wayworn
traveller' finds his way down here with his pockets
full of letters of recommendation from the malcon-
tents, representing you all to be without the capaci-
ty or the inclination to do the least service to the
President; and these denunciations generally end
by the complainant's asking for an office."
Then, it seems, continued Mr.M., that the Presi-
dent is beleaguered by office hunters from the De-
mocracy; and, when he places them in power
around him, they fail not to consult all the artifices of
their address to seducehim from an honest, straight-
forward path, into private ways and by-paths, where
they may practise upon him their arts ofpetit larce-
nv, robbing him even of the slight habiliments
which now serve to hide his nakedness. Bupwhat
does this letter of complaint show? Thatthore must
be between the President and his followers a quid
pro quo for every favor asked, and every service
rendered. Office is asked with the understanding
that the "ability and capacity to serve the Presi-
dent," not the country, can be afforded; and office
is granted, with the understanding that that "ability
and capacity" are made effective in setving the
President. What is this but a bargain—a controct
—an agreement to do a particular thing—betw< on
parties capable and willing to contract, and actually
contracting, and the performance under that con-
tract of some service, which strips the transaction
in law of that want of consideration which would
render the agreement a nudum pactum?
And what was that bargain to which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Wise] alluded, which he
so Bitterly denounced the other day as carrying on
its face a "damning suspicion"!" The public never
said that it amounted to more than an agreement
for office for each of the parties. And what is the
fact disclosed by this White House letter'? That
office is conferred upon those only who have the
"ability and capacity" to serve the President; and
those who receive offices must employ that "ability
and capacity" in his service.
This is the scene enacting behind the curlain at
the White House; and forthwith the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Cushing.] the accred-
ited friend and counsellor of the President, comes
upon this floor, in a debate upon the repeal of
the bankrupt law, tminduced by anything be-
fore said, repeats what it seems had before been
heard elsewhere in rehearsals, that the Admin-
istration must have friends, and that it possessed
the means of rewarding them, and punishing foes.
He tells us that the Whigs have been dashed to
pieces against the President's "fixed fact." This
was punishment. He tells the Democrats that they
will "not profit by experience," and that they are
dashing wildly against that same "fixed fact." This
we all understand to mean the veto of the sub-
treasury bill, whenever readopted. He had spoken
of the "buddings of discontent" in the Democratic
party; that a prominent man would draw off one
wing, and another man would draw off another
wing of that party; that, in the next presidential
election, there were those connected with the pres-
ent Administration who intended soon to have a
word to say; and that no one would make anything
by indulging in a."fierce warfare against the Presi-
dent;" that he held the veto power—something
more omnipotent than mere patronage. Now, Eng-
glish these sentiments; and what do they mean?
That the patronage of the Executive will be thrown
into the support of that candidate and his friends,
and the veto power used for their advantage, whose
friends and associates, possessing the "ability and
capacity," would render him (the President) the
most effective service, and would not rob him of
his coat, waistcoat, and breeches. Is there no_ inti-
mation of a willingness to bargain for power in all
this'? No expectation of reward created for ser-
vices rendered or to be rendered"! No temptation
to excite rivalry in devotion to the President? And
what was the effect of this annunciation of purpose
on the part of the President"? The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] said that he would not bid:
to have avowed such an intention would have been
to expose and defeat his purpose; but he told the
gentleman [Mr. Cushing] that he, a Democrat,
would not encounter the rod of punishment—the
veto! The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Welleh]
said that it was the high duty of every Democrat to
support every act of the Administration as far as
he could; and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Bowne,] discarding all barriers, exhorts his associ-
ates to take Mr. Tyler, his administration—Web-
ster and Spencer—however deeply dyed in political
sins—to take one and all, now and at once, without
atonement, conditions, reservations, or stipulations—
to take them freely, cheerfully, graciously; and to
become with them, at once, "one and indivisible."
What call you all this? Is there no response here
to the question, Where shall I find my friends'? No
cringing before the lash"? No reaching after the
reward"? No manifestation of fear that the "fixed
fact" was dangerous; that those connected with the
Administration, who intended soon to have a word
to say in the next presidential election, might not
speak that word unfavorably; that certain "discon-
tents" might not profit by that word; and no evi-
dence of a belief that prudence dictated at once
that all fears should be quelled, that a "fierce war-
fare against the President" was not to be expected
from a certain quarter"? Does not all this squint
most awfully at the fact, that the terms of sale, as
stated, are ready to be embraced"! Do not the bids
fully cover the yfier"? And is there nothing like a
bargain, an agreement, an undertaking, mutually
to do and perform certain acts, for a mutual con-
sideration'!
But the gentleman, no doubt, did look further,
and to other terms than those he expressed, when
he put this Administration up at auction. Possibly
he bad other objects in view: and I will ask the
gentleman if he did expect that at this sale any bids
would be put in by the Whig party"!
[Mr. CtisniNG (Mr. M. yielding the floor) said
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Meriwether]
had repeated the remark several times made in this
House, and to which he had sought an opportunity
to reply, The gentleman desired Mr, 0, to inform
