86
nAP*fcNfitX f O TftE CONGRESSIONAL Qtfrftfe.
Dec. 18442.
W-fm Cong 3B SESS.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. McRoberts.
Senate.
And it was right that this should be so; for they
'are thefirstmen who ever placed a "halo of glory"
aroaridthe "principles" of that party. The prinei-
- pie: of gratitude demands it.
•' Mr. M. said, as it had occurred to him that the
repeal of the bankrupt law was at this time before
them; he would make one or two remarks on that
subject before he concluded. He should vote against
the repeal, for two reasons. It had been said that,
in the course of the operatioos of the law, many
creditors had been made bankrupts by the discharge
of their debtors. This was a proposition that Mr.
M. could not well understand; the note or obliga-
tion of an insolvent would go no further to pay a
debt,- as assets, than that of a bankrupt; and he did
not understand how a creditor under the bankrupt
law, getting a part of his debt, was worse off than
he was under theinsolventlawsof'the States, where
he got nothing. It might be, however, that a credi-
tor had ™ arranged, through favor, relationship,
reward, or the hope of it, or by a traudulent agree-
ment with the debtor, to get his own claim satisfied,
and to cover up the rest of his property for his fu-
ture benefit, and to oust the weaker and smaller
creditors altogether; and that the bankrupt law,
coming in to defeat such fraudulent combinations,
' had placed all upon an equality, whereby this cred-
itor was made to share with others the insolvency
- of .the debtor, and his losses thereby had proved
disastrous to him. Be this as it may, however, let
the law be right or wrong in its origin, since it has
made victims by its operation, the highest, no-
blest, most enduring obligation of the Government
is to give to these victims its benefits, since they
have unwittingly shared its injuries.
There was another reason why Mr. M. would
not now vote for the repeal. Many men are now
struggling to escape their embarrassments; and so
long as the hope is held out that, should their efforts
fail,still they may find relief under the just and wise
provisions of this law, they will struggle on. But,
agitate the repeal; give them nothing to hope for
but the mercy of creditors; and they fly at once
to the courts for relief, cease from all further ef-
forts, and sink into despondency at once. Nothing
paralyzes more the energies of man than the cheer-
less and annoying frowns of rapacious creditors.
If you would render him useful to society, valu-
able to his friends, and even available to those
creditors, you must open before him the bright
field of hone; soothe the pangs of bitter sorrow
and mortification; stimulate his energies by en-
couragement; and do not conduct so towards him
that he must feel at every moment the uplifted axe
is about to defend upon him. It is the fear of
this fatal axe which is now driving many into prem-
ature bankruptcy, and filling the courts with ap-
plications. Between bankruptcy and the continued
demand of the Shy lock's last pound of flesh, hu-
man nature is more than itself if it selects the
heartless demand. It is the encouragement which
this law holds out, that has nerved the energies of
many an enterprising man, which has dissipated
the dark cloud that overhung many a debtor, and
opened to him a bright sunshine. It is this law
which has stimulated enterprise, and, by well-di-
rected efforts, has paid fully many debts which,
without it, would have been discharged by insol
veney; and, guided by the star of its bright hope,
many ati unfortunate debtor will yet fully indem-
nify bis cieditors, and leserve to lmn.self (he mean,-,
of comfortable subsistence in old age. Then, why
should we rshly repeal it, and wither so many fund
hopes, now budding into usefulness for society's
tt is said that the law is unconstitutional. On
that point Mr. M. would say but a woi d. It is said
that it impairs the obligation of contracts, and
hence is unconstitutional, llebelieved nosuch thing
Every contract has been made, subject to the power
of Congress to pass a uniform system of bankruptcy.
The Constitution is the supreme law of the land;
that declares and defines the power; and whenever
a contract has been made, it was in view of that
"supreme law"—as much so as if a law had been
spread on your statute-book. If a contract had
been made antecedent to the adoption of the Consti-
tution, then this law would be unconstitutional in
its application to thai contract. But such contracts
alone could plead an exception; all others must sub-
mit to it. But it is said that we must confine our
act to the meaning of a "bankrupt law" as under-
stood at the time of the adoption of the Constitution;
and we are carried to England, to her bankrupt act
then existing, for a definition of the term. Well,
what do we findj when we look to that fountain of
learning:'? Why, nothing more than that England
had declared that her subjects, bein? unable to pay
their debts, might surrender their effects and be dis-
charged; and she limited this right to a favored
few, whom she called traders. Now, said Mr. M.,
what is the pi inciple? Why, that a su rrender ol as-
sets entitles to a discharge. The individuals to
whom the privilege applies is a question of expe-
diency, and not of principle. According to the
assumption made, no law could be a bankrupt act,
unless the whole English law, with its forms, pen-
alties, rights, punishments, and machinery, were
adopted by our own legislation. The argument
carries its own refutation along with it; for no one
would seriously contend that we had no discretion
left as to the forms we might emplcy. Exercise
that discretion for a moment, and the potent as-
sumption is defeated. Mr. M. said that if evil had
grown out of the law, all admitted good might
come of it hereafter. Why, then, when you are
about to reap its benefits, would you repeal if?
SPEECH OF MR. S. MCROBERTS,
OF ILLINOIS
fit Senate, December 30, 1842, and January 9,
)843.—On the title of the United States to the
Territory of Oregon, and in favor of the bill for its
occupation and settlement.
The hill " to authorize the adoption of measures
for the occupation and settlement of the Territory of
Oregon, and for extending certain portions of the
laws over the same," having been taken up, as in
Committee of the Whole, the motion pending was
to strike out the preamble to the bill, which is in
these words: ''Whereas the title of the United States
to the Territory of Oregon is certain, and will not
be abandoned"—
Mr. McROBERTS addressed the Senate as fol-
lows :
I shall vote, Mr. President, against tho motion to
strike out the preamble to this bill. There is no
great vitality in a preamble to any law; but the one
before us expresses so clearly the rights of the peo-
ple of the United States, that I prefer it should stand
as it is. But whether the preamble be retained in the
bill or not, it is my purpose to-day to show that our
title to the Oregon Territory is certain, and to pre-
sent those reasons which I hope may, to some ex-
tent at least, induce our countrymen never to aban-
don it. The citizens of my own State take a deep
interest in this question; they have memorialized
Congress repeatedly, for years past, to adopt efficient
means for tho settlement and occupation of the
Oregon. The same spirit has long animated the
entire population of the West. Nor is it confined
to that great division of the Republic, but other
States—I believe from all of them on this side of the
Alleghanies, at some time or othe , have petitions
been received, urging this measure upon the atten-
tion and consideration of Congress. So far, there-
fore, as the public voice is concerned—a voice which
is indispensable in all great undertakings—we shall
licAorbc stronger than at present. We have the
great element of national strength and power upon
our side. These things all point to the eonclusion,
that now is the time.
Sir, theie arc other considerations—great and
paramount considerations—connected with, and de-
pendent upon, a determined and speedy action upon
this bill. Have you counted the cost necessarily
attendant upon delay'! Have you weighed well the
ctfcct of procrastination'! It is with States, as it is
with individuals,—long continued neglect of your
own rights when others are in their enjoyment, sole-
ly because of such neglect, may ultimately prove
fatal to those rights. We live in a stirring age; the
wants of the human race increase with the augment-
ation of its numbers, and such wants, when vacant
territory is concerned, seldom ask many questions.
Of one thing, sir, you may rest assured: if you re-
fuse to take the necessary steps, and affoid the neces
sary protection, to cause the Oregon to be populated
by your citizens, other nations will populate it for
you. Already great numbers have gone there, who
owe allegiance to other nations. They have asked
no questions, and we have interposed no obstacle.
The unsurpassed salubrity of the climate, and the
fertile soil of the Oregon, its contiguity to the ocean,
and the facility to commerce with other portions of
the globe, its fisheries, and furs, and its minerals,
are temptations too inviting to be overlooked. These
are the temptations which Nature offers to emigrants:
to pass this bill is but to follow her dictates. To pass
it now, will secure the advantages to yourown citi-
zens, which, if neglected, will fall into other hands.
That the questions connected with the Oregon
should have remained for forty years unsettled, is, I
think, very much to be regretted. The mere fact
of the delay has operated to retard individual exer-
tion in the settlement and improvement of the coun-
try. But this has not been the fault of any Presi-
dent of the United States, or of the Go\ernment; for
it has been urged on Congress from that quarter on
various occasions and in various forms. Repeated
efforts have been made to bring the questions with
Great Britain in relation to the Oregon to an ami-
cable adjustment, though hitherto without success.
No other Government but that of Great Britain
would have desired such delays. In 1815, at the
treaty of Ghent, an admirable opportunity presented
itself to settle the question of boundary; but it was
not acted upon. In 1818, our minister at London
was specially instructed to press the final settlement
of the question of boundary. It was so pressed, but
nothing definite could be obtained. Our minister
proposed that the 49th parallel of latitude (which
was the then established boundary) west to the
Lake of the Woods, should be extended across the
Rocky Mountains to the Pacific ocean, and should
be the permanent boundary; the north to belong to
Great Britain, and the south to the United States.
This the British Government refused. In 1826, the
United States proposed a renewal of the discussion
as to boundary. Mr. Gallatin and Mr Rush, our
ministers, were instructed to propose (and accord-
ingly made tho proposition) that the 49th parallel
of latitude, which was the boundary between the
British possessions and the United States, west
from the Lake of the Woods to the Rocky Mountains,
should be the permanent boundary, and be extended
across the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific ocean.
This proposition, and by which the then adminis-
tration proposed to surrender all claim of the United
States between the 49th and 54th parallel of lat-
itude, was refused by Great Britain. Her minis-
ters, not content with five degrees of latitude on the
Pacific ocean, which had been offered them, pro-
posed that the 49th parallel of latitude should be
extended across the Rocky Mountains till it inter-
sected the northern source of the Columbia river,
and then proceed down the main channel to the sea.
This, being wholly inadmissible, was rejected; and
the minister of the United States (Mr. Gallatin) in-
formed the British Government that this Govern-
ment was absolved from its offer to abide by the
49th parallel of latitude, and would thereafter insist
upon the whole territory to which it had just claim.
Great Britain, however, acted in the spirit of her
accustomed policy; and one part of that policy is,
that when its Government has in point of fact no
strict right in a claim once set up, to effect delay—
to procrastinate—to put off its adjustment; well
knowing that weak pretensions have always been
■strengthened by that policy. We must cut, the
Gordian knot, and take possession; or Great Britain
will accomplish all she desires, overrun the country
with her people, and then with more plausibility
urge her claim, upon the ground that she is bound
to afford them protection. The convention which
was made in 1818, and renewed in 1827, securing
to her a joint occupancy with us. has been made by
her subservient to this very result. Arc we to have
no end to these delays1 Why is it that a distin-
guished nobleman of England, (Lord Ashburton,)
who was sent to this countiy as a special minister,
and, as was said, to settle, if possible, all disputes
between the two countries, should have had no in-
structions from the British ministry upon this sub-
ject?^ V\ hen the. British Government had the right
cleany on its side, there is not an instance on record
where it sought for delay. Now, I am perfectly
willing to allow that it is always proper to proceed
deliberately; to see that we have the right on our
side, when we are obliged to go into such matters.
But what I do contend for is, that our right an4
