ftec. 184&
APW.NBIX fO -*gE CONGRESSIONAL Qh&BBS
&
27th Coxg 3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. McRube ts,
Senate.
title to the territory claimed by us (take from lati-
tude *42 to 49 degrees north, for example) have been
long since so clearly ascertained, that we should not
have admitted any pretence for delay in its recogni-
tion. Such would have been the course of Great
Britain herself, had she the right and title we pos-
sess.
tpropose to state briefly the grounds of our title,
to show that it has been long since rendered plain
and indubitable. I will try and present the subject
in such a manner that those who run may not only
read, but comprehend also. A cherished principle
upon which our people have always acted, is first to
investigate, and be certain that they are right;
because, if either individuals or nations must quarrel,
it is one of the cardinal la&s of being, that—
"Thrice is he armed who hath his quarrel just."
Let us commence with the title which we derived
from Spain; because it is to be remembered that,
whatever of right Spain had to the Northwest coast,
either by discovery, occupancy, or purchase, has
been transferred to us in the most enlarged and
ample manner.
1st. From 1532 to 1540, several expeditions were
fitted out under Spanish authority, and explored
California and the coast to a considerable distance
north of it. The commanders were Mazuela, Gri-
jalva, Becera, and Ulloa. Their object was discovery,
.and to find what did not exist—a water communica-
tion through to the Atlantic.
In 1540, Coronado, by orders from the viceroy,
made an important expedition by land in the interior
north of New Mexico; and in 1543, Bartolome
Ferrelo discovered Cape Blanco in 43 degrees north
latitude.
' 2d. It is established beyond all question, that in a
voyage of discovery under the authority of Spam, in
the year 1592, Juan De Fuca discovered and travers-
ed the straits which bear his name. The straits
enter the land at 48 degrees north latitude, and ex-
tend east 100 miles, and thence northwest 250 miles,
into the Pacific again, in latitude 51 degrees; that
he remained twenty days in the straits, landed fre-
quently, and traded with the natives. It further ap-
pears that this voyage and discovery was made
known to England by letters from Michael Lok, the
English consul at Aleppo, to Lord Treasurer Cecil,
and Sir Walter Raleigh. Spain, therefore, first dis-
covered the country, and traversed it as far north as
51 degrees north latitude, 25i years since, and 184
years before the celebrated voyage of Captain Cook.
3d. In 1602 and subsequent years, further and
more extensive surveys were made of the coast by
Corvan and Vizcaino, under the Spanish Government,
extending north of its former possessions; and on
the 16th of January 1603, Aguiler discovered the
beautiful river Umqua, which is within our boundary,
in latitude 44 degrees north.
4th. Complete and authentic evidence exists that
in August, 1774, Perez and Martinez, under Spanish
authority, first discovered the Sound of Nootka be-
tween latitude 49 and 50 degrees north. They
called it San Lorenzo. (Humboldt, p. 331.)
5th. That equally conclusive evidence exists that
Heceta, Ayala, and Quadra, Spanish officers and
navigators, discovered the bay at or near the river
Columbia.
6th. That in these two years 1774 and 1775, the
Northwest coast was explored by Perez and Marti-
nez, Spanish navigators, as high as the 58 th degree of
north latitude.
7th. That in pursuance of orders from the vice-
roy of Mexico, then under the Government of Spain,
Martinez, with two armed vessels, took possession of
Nootka on the 6th of May 1789; and it is affirmed
in Greenhow's compilation, upon full examination,
that, "before the arrival of the Spanish commander
Martinez at Nootka, in May 1789, no settlement,
factory, or commercial or military establishment
whatever, had been founded, or even attempted; and
no jurisdiction had been exercised by the subjects or
authorities of any civilized nation in any part of
America bordering upon the Pacific, between Port
San Francisco and Prince William's Sound.' The
first being in latitude 37 degrees north, and the
gecond in latitude 60 degrees.
Such are the prominent paints showing the rights
of Spain to the Northwest coast, founded upon dis-
covery and occupancy. Now, the United States
have become the successors of Spain, and every right
she had, according to the law of nations belongs to
us. By the treaty of February 10,1763, between
Great Britain, France, and Spain, England was con-
firmed in her possession to the French provinces on
the St. Lawrence, and she relinquished all claim to
territory beyond the Mississippi. Spain acquired
Louisiana from France the 3d of November, 1762,
and held it until October 1, 1800; she then retro-
ceded it to France—"the same in extent as it now
is in the hands of Spain, as it was when France
formerly possessed it, and as it should be according to
the treaties subsequently made between Spain and
other nations." Such is the language of the treaty.
On the 30th of April, 1803, the First CobsuI of
France (Bonaparte) ceded Louisiana to the United
States, in the language of the deed itself, "with all
its rights and appurtenances, as fully and in the
same manner as it had been acquired from Spain
in 1800.
Whatever extent Louisiana possessed under either
France or Spain, became the territory of the United
States. The discovery by La Salle of the river St.
Louis (now Mississippi) gave to France, according
to the law of nations, the whole territory watered
by it, or its tributary streams, not previously occupied
by any other power. This extended Louisiana to
the Rocky Mountains on the west, and up the main
channel to its source.
By the treaty of February 22, 1819, commonly
called the Florida treaty, the boundary between the
possessions of the United. States and Spain was
established at latitude 42 degrees north, extending
from the head-waters of the Arkansas, west, to the
Pacific ocean. And the third article of the treaty
declares that "his Catholic Majesty cedcs to the said
United States all his rights, claims, and pretensions
to any territories east and noith of the said line; and
for himself, his heirs and successors, renounces all
claim to the said territories forever." This is the
treaty that perfects our rights; and by this sweeping
clause invests the United States with every right,
interest, or claim, which the Spanish monarchy
possessed upon the shores of the Pacific. What her
discoveries were, extending through a period of two
hundred and fifty years, I have already shown.
So much for our title to the Oregon, derived by
treaty, through France and Spain. Let us now trace
our own title, as founded upon discovery and occu-
pancy by citizens and soldiers under the flag of the
United States.
The valuable commerce in furs and skins upon
the shores of the Pacific induced enterprising mer-
chants, shortly after the Revolution, to engage in
that trade.
On the 30th September, 1787, Captains Robert
Gray and John Kendrick sailed from Boston in the
ships Washington and Columbia, for the Northwest
coast. The Washington anived at Nootka on the
17th of September, 1788, and the Columbia the
latter part of that month; at which place both vessels
spent the winter. The next year Captain Gray
discovered the strait of Fuca, and passed up it fifty
miles; and from information derived from the.natives,
he had no doubt it communicated with the Pacific
north of Nootka, at a placc he had the year before
called Pintaid's Sound. The furs collected by Gray
and Keudrick they sold in Canton. Gray returned
to the United States, and Kendrick remained upon
the coast. Gray shortly after again sailed for the
Northwest coast, and on the 7th of May, 1792, he
discoveied a safe harbor in latitude 47 degrees north,
and which, in honor of one of the owners of the ship,
lie called Bulfmch's harbor. On the 1 Itli of May,
1792, he discovered the mouth of the Columbia,
which he describes as being a broad and rapid river,
the water of which was so perfectly fresh that the
casks of the ship were filled within ten miles of the
Pacific. He ascended the river twenty mfle_s; he
landed and examined the, country, and remained
there trading with the great number of natives that
crowded round his ship in their canoes, until the
20th of the month, when he sailed outinto the Pacific.
He bestowed the name of his ship—the Columbia
upon the noble river, and called the promontory on
the north .Cape Hancock, and that on the south
Cape Adams.
Such is the account given by Captain Gray him-
.self of his discovery of the Columbia. Phe material
facts are recorded at length in the log-book of hisship,.
a copy of which has been 'furnished by Mr. Charles
Bulfinch under oath. ,
The discovery of this great river of the We£t Con-
stitutes an important era in the history of the coun-
try. It opened a new channel of communication,
from the ocean to the Rocky Mountams^and extend-
ed, by means of its tributaries, tp almost every part
of one of the most fertile regions' upon the globe.
It contributed to secure to the country, under whose
flag the discovery was made, a title to the river, and
the magnificent territory which is watered by it.
gince the Oregon Territory has begun to be un-
derstood and to be justly appreciated, the British
Government, through its ministers, have indulged
in doubts—nay, in denial—as to Mr. Grjiy's^iorJis-
covery of the Columbia. In order that there shfdl
be no misunderstanding, I will give the words of the
British plenipotentiaries in their communication in
1826, to Mr. Gallatin, our minister.
They say that "Great Britain can show that,.in
1788, (that is, four years before Gray entered the
mouth of the Columbia river,) Mr. Mears, a lieuten-
ant in the royal navy, who had been sent by the
East India Company on a trading expedition to the
Northwest coast of America, had. already .minutely
explored that coast from the 49th to the 45th de-
gree of north latitude; had taken formal possession
of the straits of De Fuca in the name of his sover-
eign; had purchased land, trafficked, and formed
treaties with the natives; and had actually, entered
the bay of the Columbia, to the northern headland,
which he gave the name of Cape Disappointment.
Dixon, Scott, Duncan, Strange, and other private
British traders, had also visited these shores and
countries several years before Gray; but the single
example of Mears suffices to quash Gray's claim to
prior discovery. To the other navigators above
mentioned, therefore, it is unnecessary to refer more
particularly."
Let us proceed to examine the pretensions~o€ the
British Government, as sot forth in the extraordina-
ry passage here quoted. That Mr. Mears should
have minutely explored that coast "minutely ex-
plored" are the words—and yet not have discovered
a river which is seven miles wide at the mouth,
would seem to be too great a tax upon the credulity
of any one. That he should have entered the bay
south of Cape Disappointment in 1788, and thereby
furnished his Government any claim to the Colum-
bia, would be equally incredible, when it is positive-
ly proved that Heceta, a Spanish navigator, entered
the same opening in 1775, and actually named the
same JEiitruda de Iieceta7 and which is so represent-
ed on the Spanish maps. That Mr. Mears should
have taken formal possession of the Strait of De
Fuca, and that such act should be relied upon as
conferring any right, is equally wonderful especial-
ly when it is remembered that the said straits had
been discovered and navigated from one end to the
other under Spanish authority, and therefore right-
fully belonged to Spain for a period, at that time, of
one hundred and ninety-six years. Captain Berke-
ley, under Austrian colors, entered the Strait of De
Fuca in the summer of IT'S?, one year before Mears
was there. Why did not he claim it? Berkeley,
finding it in the latitude, and answering the descrip-
tion which De Fuca had given of it, and which ap-
peared upon all the old maps, immediately bestowed
upon it the name of its discoverer, and called it the
Strait of Juan De Fuca. Captain Gray, of the
United States, landed at Nootka, (which is on the
island formed by this strait,) the 17th of September,
1788; Captain Kendrick joined him during the same
month; they built houses, traded with the natives,
and spent the winter there. Gray sailed up this
same strait fifty miles. The reason that Berkeley
and Gray made no claim to the discovery of the
Strait of Fuca is, because they knew what the whole
maritime world knew—that the merit belonged to
another; and that the strait would forever bear the
name of its rightful discoverer.
What discoveries were made by Dixon, Scott
