M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGREBBIOfrAE 6LOB12.
Jan: 184$:
•2.7th Cong'—Sd Skss.
The Oreg. n Bill—Mr. fVuodlu,y.
Senate.
words free and open would have conferred on
them any right of "soil there, or any territorial au-
thority1!
Many similar treaties apply merely to commer-
cial intercourse; and that between England and
Russia, made in 1825, contains an example in
point with the illustration just given. In the 8th
article, it is provided that "the port of Gitlia, or
"Novo Archangelsk, shall be open to the commerce
and vessels of British subjects, for the space of ten
years;" &c. But this, of course, could not affect
the right of soil, or government. In other parts of
that treaty, providing for mutual access to a certain
tract of country, and with a view, doubtless, to
shun any equivocal or doubtful expressions, it uses
different language from our tieaty, (but obviously
with the same ideaj and says the parties "shall
mutually be at liberty to frequent, without any hin-
drance whatever, all," &c., "for the purposes
of fishing and trading with the natives." And,
where a stipulation is made to let either par-
ty have power to colonize, or govern, it uses
words different still, and speaks of making
an "establishment"—and not merely ol the coun-
try being free or open to vessels and subjects,
or there being to both parlies mere "libeity of com-
merce," So, m the treaty between us in R.us-ia, in
1824, similar language is employed—almost veib-
atim, literatim. It also refers to the prevention
of illicit trade, as the object of Hi mo of the provis-
ions; and that was a prominent design in some of
the articles m the Nootka Sound treaty of 1790—
■which last treaty was the prolific source of all pro-
visions of tins character since. The difficulty in
that case grew out of the persevering attempts by
England to push her commerce into every nook of
the habitable globe, and procuie new maikcts for
her manufactures, even at the expense of the colo-
nial systems of Spain or France.
Hence the message of the King of England, (-38
Par. Hist., p. 7(13,) asking lor additional means to
resist the conduct of Spain in seizing her ships,
speaks of it in a commercial view moie than one
of sovereignty. Hence, also, most of the ai tick's
in the Nootka Sound treaty relate to commerce,
and provide new and stronger guards against
illicit trade, wherever Spain had before occupied
the country. They even push all Drills!) vessels
"ten sea leagues from any pan of the coast already
occupied by Spain," when three leagues is the
usual distance. And the fifth article, which r:-
sembles and was the basts of our treaty ot 1818,
allowed new settlements only far north of Oregon,
• and then only in places not occupied before April,
1789; and to them, by whichever power made, "the
subjects of the other shall have free access, and
shall carry on their Itade without any disturbance
or molestation. (SeeSBPar. Hist., p. 910) But this
did not allow, nor mean to allow, each a tide in
the soil, or a right Io govern the country. U was
intended to be access lor trade, and hade
alone. In short, the debates on that treaty speak
of the controversy as being commercial in itsoii-
gin and bearing; and little seems to litre been set-
tled clearly by any pail of the treaty, and nothing
by this pah ot it, except the rights of trade.
The similar arrangement between Russia and
England is classed by McCulloch under the head
of commercial treaties. Sometimes such treaties
go further, and regulate settlements. But then
they use different and cl.-ar language, as before
shown in the Russian tieaties So, by mie nitiele
of the Nootka Sound comention, (ivhere, at the
southern paitof this continent, the parties were, un-
der the treaty, expressly allowed to erect buildings
in places not before occupied,) it is still carefully
provided that they must be "tor the purpose of their
fishery," and be mire "huts, or oJior tempoiary
buildings,serving only for those pm poses."
Under alike cam ion m tlin tieatv of IS 18, m
the article allowing us to dry fish oi the unsettled
parts of British America at 'the northeast, clearlv
belonging to England, it is provided thai, "so soon
as the same, or any portion thereof,shall be settled,
it shall not be lawful for the said fishermen to dry
or cure fi-h at such portion so settled, without
previous acreemeiit for such purpose with the in-
habitants," &c. Thus we see that, in noothei trea-
ty isthe right of settlement, or of soil, or of govern-
ment, regulated without u-ing explicit language to
that effect, and language entirely different from
that employed in our treaty of 1818.
As another evidence that no intention existed in
the last instrument to grant or tegulate any claim,
or exercise of claim, to the title and the sovereign-
ty, except to prevent them from being so used as
to interfere with freedom of trade to both parties
during the stipulated period, we have alieady cited
the reservation in the treaty itself, that it should
not injure or prejudice such claim.
The reservation in the convention of 1857 is
still stronger. It "is, that "nothing contained in
this convention," or in the third article of that of
1818, "shall be construed to impair, or in. any man-
ner affect, the claims which either of the contract-
ing parties may have to any part of the country
westward of the Siony or Rocky Mountains."
But, if these treaties are to be construed to pre-
vent us from taking possession of the country, in a
territorial point of view, which we claimed the
right to before 1818, and which England herself
conceded, then it is manifest they are construed so
as both to affect and impair our claim to the coun-
try. They suspend it, interrupt it, and, for the
time being, destroy it.
In 181-2, we were, by our citizens, in actual pos-
session of apart of the country—with a fort and
occupants at the mouth of the Columbia. After
the war, and before this treaty, that fort was re-
stored to us officially and formally, as a duty under
the treaty of peace. And Lord Castlercagh, in a
letier from Mr. Rush before cited, appears to have
"admitted, in the most ample extent, our right to
be reinstated, and to be the parly in possession
while treating of the title." The orcupants of the
fort considered themselves there, not for sover-
eignty, but for "commercial pursuits(See 4th
vol. Gales &Scaton's State Papers, page 856.) And
they well understood the difference between that,
and occupation for government; as they inquired
whether they would be indemnified if they were
ejected ot disturbed "prior to the final decision of
the right of sovereignty to the country between our
respective Governments." (State Papers, letter
October IS, 1818.) This view also prevailed in
England, as well as in Oregon, with the British
ministry since, as well as before, the convention
of October "0, 1818; for, in the negotiations which
precededthe secondconvention,they proposed to ex-
tend the time fifteen years, and to introduce provi-
sions "that neither po wer should assume or exercise
any right of sovereignly oi dominion over any part
of the counliy during th.it period." (See Gieen-
how's Memoir, page 184.) But why this provision,
if, under a lair construction of the old ones, both
parlies were restrained from exercising any such
right"! Why this, if the treaty of 1818 was intend-
ed to relate to other rights than those oi trading,
fishing, and hunting'! If neither party could, in
the opinion of England, exercise acts of sovereignty
or dominion there, without violating the stipulation
in the treaty of 1818, why wish to interpose a new
provision to that effect1?—and why did we reject it
as we did, exccpl under the conviction that of
light we could, at any time, extinguish Indian
titles, colonize the country, establish forts, erect
territorial governments, and grant lands, notwith-
standing any provision m the treaty; taking care,
however, while the treaty existed, to allow "all the
freedom to trad",fish, and hunt, which it contem-
plated'! All we should have looked to then, and
all we ought to look to now, in acting on this sub-
ject—being convinced of our right to act—would
be the expediency and duty of settling the country,
under Ihc exigencies and demands of the whole
case.
As a mere matter of right, then, under the treaty
of 1818, the Oregon conkl have been oecnoied and
governed by us the next day after that treaty was
ratified, as well ns a year and a day after we give
notice, under the convention of 1827, to terminate
the existing arrangements.
Another circiimstance, which has misled some
as to the design and efleet of thai treaty, is the im-
pression that it provided, m terms, for a Joint occu-
pation or possession of ihe country, or that, at least,
such was its necessary operation. But we have
already cited the arrangement, and seen that
no such words as joint, occvpatiou, or joint pos-
session, appear in either of the treaties; nor do
they appear in any similar treaties which preceded
or followed this with other nations. We'have al-
ready attempted to show, likewise, that the neces-
sa'V and natural operation of all these arrange-
ments was commercial, rather than territorial. We
now go further, and maintain that a joint occupation
or possession of a territory by two Governments, for
purposes of title to the soil, or government, or sov-
ereignty, is full of absurdities and peril. Must
there be joint laws'!—joint judges'!—joint grants'?—
joint legislatures'!—a joint executive1? But, on
the contrary, if the treaty is construed to admit both
parties to freedom of trade, that is natural, com-
mon, and practicable; and where nations mean to
go further, and control possession, title, and sov-
ereignty, they use different and clear words of
that import. The misfortune has arisen fromem-
ploying terms in speaking, not used in the treaties
themselves, and not applicable to the transaction,
and calculated to mislead as to the true extent of
the arrangement. The analogy of twoparties hav-
ing some concurrent rights in the fisheries of the
s rand banks, comes nearer to that of free trade.
But even that is not joint occupation or joint pos-
session; and that has been found so difficult and
dangerous in practice as to lead, in the end, usually
to practical divisions. (28 Par. Debates, page 948.)
Nor is a joint occupation or possession necessary to
the enjoy ment of free tradein any country. Unless a
country is savage, or semi-barbarous, ambassadors
and consuls, and especially the latter, are sufficient
to protect it from within, without any territorial
rights. But when aruder state of society prevent
this, factories and forts answer as substitutes. But
even those have nothing to do with the title to the
soil, or the governing of the country. They aye
mere commercial securities.
While this treaty and its object were fresh in the
councils of the country, this view of it must have
prevailed with the Executive, or something tanta-
mount; else President Monroe could never have
recommended, as early as 1824, the actual erection
of forts, and occnpalio'n of the territory. The idea
that such a step violated the treaty ot 1818 seems
never to have been enteitained by him—though
the erection of a military fort by a Government
is a much stronger act of sovereignty over a coun-
try, than promising land; on which last provision
in this bill so much stress is now laid. But the bill
which passed the House of Representatives in 1825,
by a vote of two to one, provided also to extinguish
900 square miles of Indian title; and neither in
that House, nor in the Senate, where the bill was laid
on the table by a majority of only two, does any
member appear to have dwelt on that as a violation
of the treaty.
The next year, Mr. Adams officially renewed the
recommendation of his predecessor; and the able re-
ports of Mr. Baylies, which followed, are directed en-
tirely to the great importance of the territory, and
oar clear title to the soil and government of it,
rather than to any apprehended objection by Eng-
land under the treaty of 1818. These may all be
deemed eotemporaneous constructions, fortifying
the views entertained by myself, or at least favora-
b'e to the right to pass a bill like this, without im-
pugning any treaty stipulation. I have all these
messages, i eports, and speeches btfore me, though
it is not deemed nccessary now to detain the Sen-
ate by reading quotations trom them. But reasons
of expediency operated then against the measure,
in the view of one branch of Congress, though the
conclusions of the other branch and ol the Execu-
tive were different. Some such reasons undoubt-
edly still exist against it; but I think, on examina-
tion, that most of the old reasons in this respect
have lost much of their force, and that the balance
will be fonnd clearly in support of passing a bill
like this at the piesent moment.
The question, then, ond the only remaining ques-
tion which I shall discuss, isthe expediency of
exercising the rights we clearly possess, in the
manner now proposed.
The paramount reason for extending the opera-
tion of our laws into that territory, is, in my view,
the protection of our own citizens within its limits.
They consist of settlers, traders, hunters, mariners,
and travellers. So far as regards us, they are now
lawless and defenceless. Hundreds of them have
with impunity been pillaged and murdered there
within the last twenty years. But they are Ameri-
can citizens no less than we—tiiev are on Ameri-
can soil no less than we—they are pursuing legal
employments no less than we. It seems to me, then,
a burning disgrace to our institutions and character
to leave them longer in this condition;.and it would
be far more creditable to renounce the country for-
ever, than allow it to remain in this disreputable
position, and still be a portion of the American
Union.
The reasons for forts there are of a like char-
actei—protection and security. At the mouth of
the Columbia, they are needed also foi refuge to
our whalemen and navy, when crippled by acci-
dent on the Western and Northwestern seas, The
