Pff-
Jan. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
27th ComG" *3d Sess.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. M. Brown.
H. of Reps.
interests of the fisheries and commerce are great
ill those regions, which might thus be aided; but I
shall not now fatigue the Senate by particulars as
to their amount.
The reasons for promises of land to settlers are
alike cogent. For many are not likely to expose
themselves and families, at such an immense dis-
tance, and among barbarians, without peculiar in-
ducements; and without more settlers obtained there
by such inducements, supplies cannot be furnished
to the forts, nor to the vessels of the navy and our
whalemen, withoufgreat additional expense. Plant
forts and settlers there, and throw the shield of
your laws not only over them, but over the com-
merce there; and an increase of our trade within
the territory will likewise commence at once.
Some of the islands of the Pacific ate becoming
civilized, and the authorities of one are this veiy
winter knocking at our doors for a recognition of
their independence. The coasts of China, too,
are now opening to European, and I trust, Amer-
ican enterprise; and both'of these circumstances,
from the greater contiguity oi the Northwest coast
to them, will give new impulses to business in that
region. This is no sectional question. Our mer-
chants are all directly or indirectly interested in
this; our shipbuilders are interested; our fisher-
men—our enterprising and emigrating farmers are
all interested, as well as our hunters and fur-
dealers.
Beside this, the character of the whole nation
is implicated, if we do not protect the whites, and
adopt this or some other course to introduce
civilization among the Indians in that territory.
We ought to improve the lot of those who are
thus placed under our national guardianship. It'
we claim the country, we must take it with us
aboriginal inhabitants. We cannot neglect them,
and be justified to the moral judgment of the re.n
of mankind. We must try to teach them arts and
letters. We must protect them, as well as our own
people, from aggressions and outrages; such parts
of their title as have not been fairly extinguished
by individuals, we should amicably purchase from
time to time, as we need it, and as they are willing
to part with it. Our right, then, to the country be-
ing clear—our right to pass a bill like this being
clear, without any breach of treaties—our interest
to do it being clear—and our duly equally clear,
as well as imperative—why half! Why hesitate1!
An omission tu act now, will throw distrust over
the sincerity of our whole claim. The world, as well
as England, may well infer that if, under all these
circumstances, we longer delay to exercise our
rights, to protect our interests, and fulfil our du-
ties, it must arise from some misgiving as to the
validity of those rights.
If we have not already slept over our claims
quite a quarter of a century, it is certain we have
not enforced them. A measure like this failed as
long ago as 1825, by only two votes in the Senate,
though passing the other House by two to one. It
failed at that time, apparently, not from doubts tis
to the title, but from motives of expediency. It is
certain that all the leading objections on that
score then, have since lessened or disappeared.
The outrages committed there, and demanding the
prompt application of our laws, have occurred
since, in tar greater numbers. The encroach-
ments and assumptions by English subjects there,
have since multiplied tenfold. The importance
of our fisheries and commerce in the Pacific to be
aided there, has much enlarged since, beside the
new prospects developing in China. The popula-
tion m the West has since approached nearer, so
as to aid more readily in defence. Our ability to
send out emigrants has nearly doubled; and last,
though not least, the distance (which was by
many considered so great as lo prevent a repre-
sentation here, and to lead to a loss of all the capi-
. tal and people sent there) has almost vanished un-
der the improvements since, in steam. The 4,700
miles from the mouth of the Columbia to Wash-
ington, which it was then urged was the distance,
and would require all the time of a Representa-
tive in Congress to travel over, leaving none fur
legislation, could ere lung probably be passed in
one or two months, or in as short a period as the
delegates from Louisiana and Mississippi once
travelled to and from the seat of Government.
But other and still more formidable difficulties
start up. Our occupation of the conntrv, it is said,
may endanger peace with England. I reply—not
.so, either necessarily or probably. I have already
shown, that rightfully it cannot; and if not right-
fully, is it just or charitable to suppose her more
willing than ourselves to bring on a war wrong-
fully'! Does not she need and wish _ the moral
sanction of the world in her movements, as much
as wel But it may be said, that though she will
make no complaint under the treaty, she may still
fall back on her reserved and prior claims, like us,
and resist our settlements and jurisdiction. So she
may—so she always may to the end of time; and
this argument will be as good against our legisla-
tion half a century hence, as now; and in this way
we never shall be able to lake any steps to enforce
our rights.
If we give notice to abandon the treaty, our po-
sition in regard to this argument will be no stronger.
For then, as now, the prior reserved rights will
startup, like the sown dragon's teeth, into armed
men. If this is to be her course, delay, instead of
proving useful, will increase the importance of the
country and of the controversy. It was so with
the contested boundary in the Northeast; and if a
question is to be made as to the title, the sooner
the better. But, in mv view, it will not be her
course to resort to violence; for, as before shown,
she has admitted our right to be in possession of
the country while negotiating. Lei us, then, take
possession. If that be complained of, negotiation
follows. If unable thus to agree, let a third power
arbitrate between us. If she refuse that, then we
are in possession, andean defend it, and defend our
rights against all encroachments, wiih such means
as God and nature have endowed us \vith. Then,
and not now, will be the time for larger expenses
and more magnificent plans. Then, and not now,
I will consider of the 50,000 rifles to be sent
there by ihe Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Tappan.]
Then, but not now, I will talk with my friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Skvier] about his railroad to
the mouth of the Columbia. Then, but not now,
I will calculate w ith the Senator from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Calhoun] about the expense of supply-
ing large armies and tleets in that region by either
power.
But now, England has no right to complain of
our possession, leaving her commerce free; nor any
interest m declining negotiation or arbitration, if
unable to agree amicably. What occasion, what
sufficient inducement can she have to plunge into
a hasty and bloody war with us, her best customer,
for that naked and remote territory'! As a hunt-
ing-ground and trading-post for her Hudson Bay
Company, which has been almost its only use to
her heretofoic, its imjiorlanec becomes less yearly.
As an outlet to her sparse population,itis not want-
ed, in addition to hei millions of acres beside in
both hemispheres and m all the zones—in the Can-
sdas, India, New Holland, New Zealand, and the
West Indies. As a market for her manufactures,
itis trilling, and will continue to be so till occu-
pied by a white population.
If she expends capital there, it will be without
remuneration m the end likewise; as, m time, the
whole inevitably falls,(as the Senator before mere-
marked,) like a ripe peach, into our hands.
Wo are its neighbors,and our institutions are more
attractive, and the laws of colonization and empire
and conquest are fixed as those of the solar system;
andshe, no more than any other nation, can claim
an exemption fiom their destiny.
But, though in favor of the present bill—on the
ground of light, interest, and duty—yet, as before
remarked, I should not deem it either our interest
or duty to enlarge the measure now, as some sug-
gest, and to incur any expenses not immediately
demanded by the necessities of the case.
In the present condition of the treasury—with a
deficit of six to eight millions staring us in the
fa.ee, on the Secretary's own report tor the next
year and a half, it he redeems the temporary debt,
as has been pledged and promised; and with ihe'"
prospect of a revenue still more diminished than
he estimates, by two or three millions,—I surely
would not run into any expenses not required by
national duty and honor. But those thus required
I would vote, at all hazards, and in all cases. Nor
is it necessary that even the expense contemplated
by this bill should be incurred, till a suivey ismade
for the site of forts, and, if the Executive or Con-
gress pleases, a notice given to end the treaty, and
the stipulated time of a year finished, before ac-
tually erecting them. All apprehensions of any
pretence being made by England of a departure
from the treaty, by adopting the measure in the
bill, could thus be removed, and yet the bill pass.
But I do not feel so much inclined to travel out of
the way to conciliate that haughty power by any
over-caution, as some may. Nor do I justify my
vote, however easy it might be, by any of her
previous laws or encroachments in respect to this
territory. On the contrary, I shall vote for it under
a sense of duly towards our own territory, our
own citizens, and our great national interests,
without any reference to foreign misbehavior or
foreign menaces. I would not wish for hostilities,
nor commit a wrong; hut, in the path of doing
right—armed strong in honesty—I would move on-
ward, from my own impulses, my owii feeling;
and neither halt nor turn aside, from dread of
wrong and violence by others.
By such a course, under all the circumstances
before mentioned, there is much less real danger
of national collision and war, than by keeping up
such a state of things as exists at present—two
warlike nations, with numerous tribes of savages
grouped together in one and the same country;
two if not three sets of claims to territory and
sovereignty; jealous, and vindictive, and rival sub-
jects together in puisuit of the same game and
trade; no territorial laws or magistrates; no bound-
aries; weekly plunder and murder. This is the
worst possible condition, to last longer; and is un-
worthy the civilization, piudence, and intelligencs
of either nation.
Though our own people, in many quarters, are
impatient lo make a more secure lodgment within
the territory, I do not entertain such fears from
this, or the interests of many of the old and new
States, as many do. Instead of the old States be-
ing depopulated by it—or the new, as some seem
to fear—the distance, dangers, and privations will
make the progress of emigration slow, and rather
relieve both the old and new States from some of
the most restless of their population, than strip
them either of much capital or industry. Many
of our fathers camc, originally, to the Atlantic
coast, lo belter their condition; and our sons, going
to the Pacific from ihe same motive, will no more
injure us than they injured their former homes.
The emigration of the former here has not weak-
ened England, or France, or Germany; nor will
that of the latter weaken us. Indeed, they will
sti'i remain on American soil; and the stars and
stripes o£ our flag will still wave over them, it is
hoped, to the end of lime. -
Nor do 1 dread any danger to the Union, or the
relative power of the East and West, or of the
South and North, by this measure. I have no
gorgeous and sudden hopes on this subject. The
progress of settlements will not be rapid. The laad
bounty will, of course, be withdrawn the moment
there is population enough there for safety and
supplies. In the last century, our people have, to
be sure, spread from Albany to St. Louis; and
thence nearly to the western borders of Missouri
and Iowa. But even now our permanent settlers
are six or seven hundred miles from the crest of
the Rocky Mountain®, and thousands of miles from
the mouth of the Columbia. We are not Tartars*
enough to wander much faster or further than the
axe and the plough can clear the way. And if, a
half century or aceniury hence, it becomes a ques-
tion—which I hope never will be the case—whe-
ther the Union shall not protect all between the
Allan'icand the Pacific, and \yhere the division
line shall be drawn, 1 am not now to be deterred
from a support of this bill by any fear that it may
hasten that remote catastrophe, or throw the line
west to the Rocky Mountains, or the Mississippi,
or the Alleaanies; rather than south, to the Poto-
mac, or elsewhere, between the South and the
North. 1 go into no such speculations; nor am I
fearful as to events sot emote, and, it is believed,
so improbable. On the otherhand, if really proba-
ble in the natural course of civilization, it is vain
for us to attempt to shim or delay them by such an
impotent measure as neglecting longer to legislate
suitably for our own territory, and the protection of
our own subjects.
SPEECH OF MR. M. BROWN,
OF TENNESSEE.
In ths House of Representatives, January 3, 1843—
On the bill to repeal the bankrupt law.
Mr. MILTON BROWN addressed the Chair
as follows:
Mr. Speaker: It is neither my purpose nor desire
to enter the wide field of general polities unex-
pectedly opened by this debate, but to confine my.
self strictly to the pending question of repeal, No
