«<?
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843o
27th ConQ"-'3d Sess.
The Exchequer—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
•until it shall have been tested by time and expe-
rience, it will do much permanent good.
This law, in its prospective operation, is calcu-
lated to prevent fraud, by cutting off fraudulent
conveyances and dishonest preferences. It aims a
deadly blow at all conveyances designed to defraud
creditors. It subjects the debtor who makes them
to its compulsory process, and gives to the honest
creditor a most efficient and effective remedy
against fraud and concealment.
Again: it not only furnishes the most powerful
^weapons against dishonesty, but it holds out the
strongest inducements for honesty. In this it will
improve the morals of the country, and save many
a cheek from the blush of guilt. The man who
has been in affluence, but finds himself scathed by a
stroke of misfortune, too often finds an excuse to
his own conscience for concealing, in the hands of
his friends, something to give bread to those who
are helpless and dependent on him. This is wrong;
but many will do it as long as the law allows no
final relief or discharge. If the creditor gives up
all, still he is in bondage. The little he may earn
by the sweat of his brow, to supply the wants of
those dependent on him, is subject to be taken. In
this condition, he yields to the temptation, and con-
ceals his property. This, I repeat, is wrong. But,
I|ask, is not the law wrong that leads him into this
" temptation"? Is it not better to say to him, Give up
honestly and fully all you have, and vou shall go
free1} Will he not give up all! Will he not be
saved from temptation'! And will not his integrity
be preserved? And, I will add, will not creditors,
tinder the opeiation of this motive, acting on debt-
ors, get more than they otherwise would'!
This law provides for equality in the distribution
of the debtoi's properly, and loi bids unfair and un-
just preferences given to favorite and confidential
creditors. This cuts up by the routs the largest
and most fruitful source of fraud and injustice. Go
into your courts of chancery and ol' law, and inquire
what opens the most extensive harvest in the field
of litigation; and you will find that it is the permis-
sion which the law lias heretofore given to debtors
to divide out their propertyamong a portion of their
creditors, to the total exclusion of all others. A
man, for example, doing an extensive business,
finds himself in sinking circumstances, and imme-
diately determines to .save his friends—and that,
perhaps, with the secret understanding that they
shall save him from the danger of wanting suffi-
cient means to play the gentleman upon. An as-
signment, a mortgage, or a deed of trust, is ex-
ecuted, by which all his property is at once trans-
ferred to those confidential creditors and friends,
appointing some one in the confidence and under
the control of the debtor as trustee. And it is very
common for the trustee and creditors to commence
operations by appointing the debtor himself their
agent to-conduct the business and wind up its con-
cerns. Other creditors, seeing this, and feeling the
injustice done them, go to law for what they con-
ceive to be their rights; but, in the end, they are
generally turned out of court, having learned, to
their cost, that the law tolerated these mortgages,
assignments, and deeds oi trust; and that it was
within the sovereign pleasure of the debtor to give
his property to eitln-r of his cieditors, though it
might be a lather, a brother, or a son.
Take another example of frequent occurrence.
A man—a merchant, for example—in easting up
his accounts, makes the unwelcome discovery that
his debts exceed his credits—that he is unable to
meet his engagements, lie is willing to give up
all at once, it that would discharge him; but the
State laws do not allow this. Though nine-tenths
of his creditors should agiee to his discharge, the
others may hold him m bondage to the day of his
death. Having, therefore, nothing to gain, and
much to lose, by bringing his business to a close and
makinga full surrender to his creditors, he becomes
desperate, and resolves to go on and put every
thing to the hazard of a bold enterprise, and risk
his fortune and future hopes on a single adven-
ture. In the language of a distinguished orator
and statesman of South Carolina, "If he should
succeed, he is saved; and if he fails, he can only
perish; which, as ruin already stares him in the
face, will not render his condition much worse than
it is. Being driven by the force of circumstances
to this detei ruination, the means of executing it are
at hand. He has friends; the banks are i-pen to
them; loans are obtained by means of endorsements
of men in good credit, under a solemn pledge that,
come what may, there shall be no departure from
the modern code of honor, which makes it the most
sacred of duties to secure the friendly endorser, no
matter at whose expense, or at what sacrifice of feel-
ing or principle. With a fictitious credit, thus
created and thus supported, the debtor engages
boldly in a species of commercial gambling. The
luck is against him, and his doom is sealed. But
though he must perish, he resolves 10 fall with
honor. He goes into the market, and, on the
strength of the credit obtained by the countenance
of his friends, possesses himself of the goods of
others; then fails, and assigns his whole estate, in-
cluding the goods thus obtained, to these very
friends, and leaves all others to their fate."
This picture every one of observation will re-
cognise as true to the life. This power of prefer-
ring confidential creditors is the author of a thou-
sand gambling speculations, gotten up by persons
in sinking and desperate circumstances, and sus-
tained by fictitious credit. It is the source of the
splendid failures which dazzle and astonish the
commercial world with the magnificence of the
bubbles that have bursted, and which exhibit such
a vast disproportion between debtors'property and
the amounts of their indebtedness. Not only this;
but it opens the widest door for all manner of fraud
and imposition on the honest and unsuspecting,
who are but little acquainted with the games of de-
ception that can be played off by the dishonest and
fraudulent gambler in commercial adventures.
This law, in its prospective operation, is calcu-
lated, in a great degree, to check this growing and
swelling tide of evil, which is pouring its bitter
waters over the land. It provides for equality in
the distribution of the debtor's property, forbids un-
fair preferences, and protects the mass of honest
and unsuspecting creditors from the cunning and
devices of the few who usually engross all the
debtor's property. How often has it been seen that
a large estate, by the magic concealmcnt of mort-
gages, deeds of trust, and secret conveyances, has
been swept into the hands of confidential friends,
(perhaps the near relations of the bankrupt,) or info
the grasp of banks and other moneyed corporations,
to save endorsers, while the mass of creditors get
nothing"? Debts contracted to raise the means of
wild speculation are paid; while those contracted
for the produce of the "sweat of the brow" of the
farmer and mechanic go neglected. Not only this;
but it often happens that the cotton, the tobacco, the
corn, and the wheat, obtained on a credit from the
planter and farmer, go to save endorsers or confi-
dential friends, while those who raised the prod-
uce from the soil go unrewarded—and that, too,
in many instances, where these very endorsers and
confidential friends had given to the bankrupt a
fictitious credit, and enabled him to purchase the
property of the unsuspecting, under the cover of
this deception. Is this not wrong1! This law is
designed to put an end to this, and place confidence
and credit on surer andjuster foundations. That
the speculator and money-dealer should oppose
this, is not so remarkable; but that the mass of the
people should, when they rightly understand it, is
impossible. They may for a while be deceived—
and that, too, by those who, on other occasions, and
when no political capital was to be made, have eu-
logized the law; but they cannot long remain de-
ceived. Truth, crushed for a while, will re-estab-
lish itself; and the good sense of the people, when
they understand the matter rightly, will discover
their own best interests.
It will, in its prospective operation, restrain that
system of suretyship which, while it seldom docs
good, or benefits any one, has been the destruction
of thousands. Cut off the flattering promise of
mortgages and deeds of trust and other preferences,
in the event of the debtor's failure, and you give to
the sui ety or endorser a good reason for keeping
his name off his friend's paper; or, if he puts it there,
it will be upon the confidence that his friend can
meet all his engagements. It will operate as a re-
stiaint upon debtors, and hold them within the cir-
cle of that legitimate credit which is the soul and
life blood of commerce and trade, by first taking
from them the means of building up false credit;
and, secondly, by giving to the creditors, through
the compulsory process of the law, a timely check
on their wild extravagance, fraud, or folly.
Again: this law, in its prospective operation, will
restrain excessive credit. Mortgages and depds of
trust are the very pillars on which false credit
rests. The only legitimate credit which is safe,
and should be_ encouraged, is that which rests on
a confidence in the ability of the debtor to pay all
his debts. That is false aad delusive which rests
on mortgages or deeds of trust, or the promise of
them, giving a preference to part, thereby impliedly
acknowledging an inability to pay all. The secret
promises and expectations of trusts and other
preferences in favor of confidential creditors,
are most powerful elements in the production of
excessive credit, and, combined with other causes,
its unhappy fruits may be seen in the desolation
that now overspreads the land. This law, much
abused as it is, affords the best remedy for this dis-
ease, and will do more good than all the nostrums
with which the country is flooded. The evils of
excessive credit furnish a theme for every poli-
tician's tcngue; and yet the remedies they offer, both
for prevention and cure, generally strike at the
branches, and not at the root of the evil. Let the
causes of excessive credit, to which I have adverted,
be checked and controlled by wise legislation; and
then let a cuib be placed on the irregularities and.
fluctuations of the currency, and you will do much
to prevent a recurrence of the revulsions and dis-
asters in commerce and trade, which have distin-
guished the last ten years as a most unfortunate and
remarkable epoch in our history.
I might refer to other arguments connected with
the prospective operation of this law; but, having:
spoken on the subject once before, my object now is
brevity. I voted for this law on its passage, be-
cause! thought it right, and because I believed,
from all the lights I had, that my constituents were
for it. On a former effort to repeal it, not having
heard anything from my constituents to the con-
trary, I voted against the repeal; and now that it has
gone into operation, and had its effect only in part,
1 feel bound, for still stronger reasons, to vote against
its repeal. A repeal in the manner in which it is
likely to pass, as I have already said, would only
operate on that part of it which 1 have nowhere
heard objected to. If the law is defective, let us
amend it. I will go heart and hand with those who
desire that. If it does not in all things conform
to the opinions of the people, let us change it until
it does; but, for Heaven's sake, let us not tear a law
irom the statute-book, and repudiate principles
which we have all, without distinction of party >
in some form or other, in times past, warmly ad-
vocated.
SPEECH OF MR. BARNARD,
OF NEW YORK.
In the House of Representatives, January 25,
1843—On the Executive plan for a board of
exchequer.
The report of the Committee of Ways and
Means, with a resolution adverse to the President'#
plan of all exchequer, being under consideration—
Mr. BARNARD, spoke nearly as follows:
Mr. Speaker: If I supposed that the action of this
House on the subject of the currency was to end
with its vote on the resolution now before us, I
should not feel desirous of submitting any remarks
whatever to the House at the present time. I should
be content to record my vote, and refer, as I should
do with pride, to the general reasoning of the able
report, presented by my friend and colleague, [Mr.
Filoiohf,,] and which concludes with this resolu-
tion, for my justification ; though, at the same time,
it is proper, perhaps, I should say, while making
this reference to the valuable report of the Commit-
tee of W ays and Means, that, if the direct question
before us were now upon the report instead of the
resolution, I should find it necessary to dissent from
some of its positions and arguments.
But, sir, I trust we are not to stop when we have
disposed of the exchequer plan of the Executive by
the adoption of this resolution. It is right and
proper that we should do that; but then we should do
something more if we can. And I believe we can,
and ought, to agree upon a plan of relief for the
Government and country. The rejection of the
Executive plan by the adoption of this resolution
will dispose effectually, not only of the plan in the
particular form given to it by the bill submitted by
the Secretary of the Treasury, but of the plan in the
form into which it has been moulded by the manifes-
tations of the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Gushing,] and in every other form in which the
substance of the original conception might be im«
bodied. Such, at least, will be the meaning of the v t®
