m
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843.
2.71& Co e--'-3D SESS.
The Exchequer—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
This was a contract with the bank, in considera-
• tion of the services required of it, and the heavy
bonus -which had been exacted of it; and the Treas-
Xirer executed this contract by making the . bank his
principal depository.
In this situation things remained till 1833, when,
by the direct interposition or order of the Execu-
tive, the public moneys were removed from the
-vaults of this bank, and were placed again in the
■ State banks. Here, still, so far as the law was al-
lowed to operate, the moneys were still in the charge
of the Treasurer, and kept on deposite. Certain it is,
nobody else was appointed by law, or allowed, to
keep the moneys, but the Treasurer. The re-
moval, however, took place under strange and
' alarming circumstances; and it was deemed neces-
sary, in order to reduce the possession of the moneys
once more to the certain custody of the law, and
reclaim them from the violent seizure of the Exec-
utive, to prescribe the terms and conditions on which
State banks should be selected and employed as de-
positories. This was done in 1836. There was
then a very large surplus in the treasury, which was
' • eagerly sought after by the banks, to be used in their
business; and it became a source of immense polit-
ical influence and corruption in the hands of the
■ Executive. By this act, it was designed to hold'the
Secretary of the Treasury directly responsible, not
to th# Executive, but to Congress and the country,
for the proper selection of depositories which he
was to make, under the restrictions imposed by the
law; whilst all deposites were still to be made, as be-
fore, to the credit of the Treasurer, who was still, by
the act of 1789, the sole official keeper of the public
Snoney.
In 1837, at a session of Congress specially called
to take care of the Government in the emergency
which had then arisen—for there was again a gen-
eral suspension of specie payments—Mr. Van Bu-
ren proposed to change entirely, in principle and fn
fact, the mode of keeping the public money which
' had prevailed, without an hour's exception, from
the origin of tho Government. He proposed to
place the public moneys in the personal custody of
w'"1"'1 K.v tJ*-' I'..TUio i
inendation finally prevailed in the last year of Mr.
Van Buren's administration, and his plan was es-
. tablished by few. Upon this measure he was de-
feated as acai#idate for re-election to the Presiden-
cy, and a complete political revolution was cU'ected.
1 he law establishing the sub-treasury was Ihen re-
pealed—having been in existence about one year
from the 4th of July, 1840. The act of 1836 was
also repealed; and the custody of the public money
again stood upon the act of 1780, where it stands to
this day. The Treasurer is still charged with this
•important duty, and banks are now employed as de-
positories, according to the ancient and approved
practice of tho Government. A report made by the
Secretary of the Treasury at the last session, at my
instance, names the banks in which the moneys are
now kept, (or were at that date,) and the terms on
. which they are employed. As always heretofore,
the public funds arc deposited in the banks to tho
credit of the Treasurer, fi on. which they can be drawn
only by warrant of law. The banks 'pcrfbiin, if re-
quired, the duties of commissioners of loans and
. pension agents, and tlu-y transfer the funds where-
ver they may bo required, and all without charge to
tho treasury.
This recital, sir, shows what die system of keeping
the public money now is, and that it is just what it has
been from the beginning of the Government, with
the single exception of one year in Mr. Van Buren's
time. Why should Congress be asked to change
the mode now, when it had prevailed for fifty-two
out of the fifty.three years that the Government has
existed? Above all, why should we be asked to
give up this mode, for that which was adopted under
the late administration, and which was so signally
' promptly condemned and rebuked by the people1
Mr. Speaker, if we were now at the beginning of
this Government, and if the question were put to us
now for the first time, How shall the public money
be kept? The answer of every man of sense would
be, Let the Government keep its money just as any
'prudent arid discreet individual in private life would
keep his money. It is prudent and safe for tho
Government to do in this matter, just what it would
be prudent and safe for any such individual, or for
any well-conducted public or private body or corpo-
ration, to do under the like circumstances.
Now, sir, there is in this country a practice on this
subject of almost unbroken uniformity, which goes
far to settle at once what is wise and what is unwise
in regard to it. It is impossible, on a question of
this nature, appealing so directly to the highest pecu-
niary interests of those who have to act in the prem-
ises, and in a manner to rouse all their faculties
to the utmost vigilance and caution—it is impossi-
ble that there should he, throughout this whole coun-
try, and in all departments of business, public and
private, a particular practice, settled by common
and universal consent, though with nothing like ac-
tual concert, without establishing in every right-
thinking mind the conviction that that practice is
founded in true wisdom.
Sir, such a practice may be said to have, in some
sort, the sanction which belongs to the settled max-
ims of the common law—the sanction of general
assent founded on general experience. It has, in
truth, a still higher sanction, not altogether unlike
that which belongs to the principle of morality it-
self; for though it have not a common sentiment and
feeling in its favor, like that which determines the
right from the wrong in a moral question, it is con-
firmed by a kind of instinct, which is scarcely less
shrewd and discriminating where a question of
pecuniary interest is concerned. No intelligent and
well-informed man in this country, even now, with
the general distrust of banks which prevails, intrusts
the keeping of his surplus cash to individual hands—
unless it be to some individual banker of high repute
and of established wealth—when he can find a con-
venient bank of tolerable credit to receive it. And
the same is true of private and public bodies and
~ associations.
I have stated already what the practice of this
Government has been from'it's organization. I will
not speak positively as to all the States, though I do
not believe there is one where the practice is not
substantially the same as under this Government.
If tW* i.o ox-ooption, gontlemen can name it.
As a general rule, the treasurers of States, of coun-
ties, of cities, and towns, of societies and associa-
tions, literary, charitable, and political, the treasu-
rers and cashiers _ of corporate bodies other than
moneyed corporations are never intrusted, from
choice, with the personal custody of the surplus mon-
eys under their charge. As to individuals and firms
in business, or retired capitalists, it is a thing quite
unknown for them to keep any considerable sums of
surplus and unemployed money on hand, or in the
personal custody of their agents, when they can find
a convenient bank of fair repute to receive it for safe-
keeping. The same practice prevails with all our
judicial bodies, in relation to money paid or brought
into court.
And what earthly reason is there why this uni-
versal practice, this rule of good sense and sound
ifiseietion, should be departed from in the case of this
Government? Ave the officers and agents of this
Government likely to be better selected, and more
honest_ and trustworthy men, than the treasurers
and other money agents selected by States, societies
corporations, and individuals' All fact and all ex-
perience are against such a supposition.
i o say the least, this Government has had its full
proportion of unfaithful and dishonest men employed
i« its service. There is not a State in the Union
which would suffer in the comparison with it in this
i expect; nor scarcely a company or corporation, much
as is said about dishonesty, fraud, and embezzlement
nfXSrrUC^'' 1 I •lf the Iate Penns3'lvania Bank
the IJmted States itself was worse served, in the
article of faithful and honest agency, than this Gov.
eminent has been for the last twelve or fourteen
years._ Corruption, peculation, and fraud, have
crept m everywhere. Sir, it is not the best descrip.
ion of men who apply for office, nor the best of
ftose Who apply who receive office; it is not uncom-
monly the worst of all the candidates for a particular
place that succeeds It is the brazen, the obsequi-
ous, the unprincipled, the broken in fortune and
reputation,—these are the sort of men to be the suc-
cessful candidates for Government favor and patron-
age. And they are successful oftentimes without
any particular fault on the part of the appointing
power, which—in modern times, at least—is apt to
surround itself, or to be surrounded, with selfish c#Kl
fawning flatterers and false friends, who practise
towards it every species of systematic deception and
cajolery. There is in-this country a growing, rest-
less, morbid anxiety to get into public office. As
sure as a man shows himself unfit to manage his
own affairs, or to get a living by his profession or
his trade, so sure is he to become an applicant for
office. And I doubt if there be a worse school of
morals than is found in public office under this
Government, this side the penitentiaries of the coun-
try. Many an honest maa is matriculated in office,
who is graduated a rogue; and if a rogue takes office,
he is ten times a rogue before he leaves it. Scarcely
any man's morals are improved by his experience
in the administrative places of the Government;
though some, no doubt, retain their integrity in spite
of all temptations. It is not an uncommon feeling
among those who seek and obtain these offices, that
the public and the Government are fit subjects of
plunder, and that he is a fool who, once within the
pale, does not enrich himself and escape with all the
valuables he can lay his hands on.
No; the Government of the United States should
be the last to intrust its money for keeping to the
hands of individual agents selected and appointed
by itself. Others may make good selections; Gov-
ernment in these times cannot. The very qualities
which it requires to win its favor—the qualities which
have made or may make the candidate useful to the
administration—are not such as are apt to constitute,
or to consist with high character. Government
officers ought not, on every principle, to be intrusted
with public money for one farthing beyond what is
absolutely unavoidable. And this is precisely the
rule of wisdom, which, under the lead of the wise
and pure men of the Revolution, has prevailed uni-
formly under the Government, with the exception
of the single condemned experiment to which I have
before adverted.
Besides, sir, it is a safe rule to intrust the keeping
of large sums of money to no individual hands, where
it can be avoided. There is something in the very
touch which seems to contaminate. Say what we
will of human virtue, men are not to be trusted with
the personal custody of large amounts of other men's
money; it is a cruel experiment, let it be tried when
and where it will. Suretyship cannot make it
safe, with all the cruel vicarious suffering which
that system inflicts on the innocent. Nor can penal
enactments make it safe—though that is the best
security, perhaps, the case admits of—any more than
the sight of the penitentiary and the gibbet can deter
from other crimes.
No; the best and safest system of keeping money
which the wit of man has devised, is that of deposite
in banks. This involves a system of suretyship,
which, without any personal responsibility of stock-
holders beyond their respective shares, is as complete
as it is possible to make it, without being unjust to
anybody. A corporation is a person that cannot
run away; its officers and agents may embezzle and
fly, but the corporation remains, and its whole capital
stands pledged to answer for the faith and integrity
of all in its employ. And it is certainly true, that
even this whole capita! may be exhausted by fraud
and peculation, and the corporation itself may fail.
But it is equally true, as shown by a public document
from the Treasury Department, that of the hundreds
upon hundreds of millions of public money deposited
m banks from 1789 to 1837, only half a million was
ever lost by the insolvency of the banks; while in
tile same period, of the collectors and others, officers
of tho Government, receiving and disbursing public
became defaulters, and about five
millions were thereby lost to the treasury.
Mr. Speaker, this executive treasury is just the
°'d condemned sub-treasury over again; and this
plan of placing the public funds in the hands of
Government officers for personal keeping, is the
I substance and main feature of both. But this now
J proposed is vastly the most objectionable of the two,
