MO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1843.
27th Cong 3d Skss.
The Exchequer—Mr. Barnard.
H. of Reps.
to do, and then let us determine whether it be a
bank or not.
And, first, it is to carry on the business of receiv-
ing on private deposites nabney, gold and silver,
"the property of individuals, to be held, as in other
cases of deposites made by individuals, for conve-
nience and security;" and for these private deposites
it is to issue certificates of deposite, charging a pre-
mium therefor not exceeding the one-half of one per
cent. The certificates outstanding at any one time
must not exceed fifteen millions of dollars, and they
are to be prepared so as to circulate as bank money,
or currency.
Now this is precisely the business transacted by
the Bank of Amsterdam; and this was its principal,
if not its only business. It was not a bank of dis-
count; it did not loan a dollar of money; it did not
deal in exchanges. The original subscribers deposit-
ed their coin, which was of short weight, and re-
ceived a credit on the books of the bank equivalent to
the intrinsic value of the coin; and these credits were
bank money; and all payments of considerable sums
were made in this bank money, by the transfer of
credits from the name of the debtor to that of the
creditor. The bank also received on deposite the
Money of individuals, placing an equivalent of bank
Money to the account of the depositor, with a small
deduction only for profit and expenses, and giving
liim a receipt payable to bearer. This was the sum
of the business of the bank; and was the Bank of
Amsterdam a bank, ov was it not! The Bank of
Hamburg operates in the same way to this hour; and
is the Bank of Hamburg a bank, or is it not! And
if they are banks, why is not this board of exchequer—
conducting this identical business in the same form,
wholly on individual account—why is this exchequer
not a bank?
But the exchequer is to deal in exchanges, solely
011 individual account. It may buy exchange^ re-
stricted only to bills running from State to State,
and to such as shall be payable in thirty days from
date or from sight. With these restrictions only, it
may purchase exchange to an amount limited only
by its means, and the offers which shall be. made.
uto^uuut also ttie bills which it buys,
only taking care that it do not take more than eight
per rent, for both interest and exchange. And all
this it may do, not in any manner on Government
account, or connected in tho remotest degree willi
the management of the proper rovenue and funds of
Government; but solely and exclusively on indi-
vidual account, and for the accommodation of the
trading and business community.
And then the exchequer may sell exchange to
any amount for which a domand may exist—receiv-
ing the money of individuals, and furnishing to them
commercial bills, just aa other banks and bankers
furnish such bills; and all this, not for the Govern-
ment, or on Government account; but for individ-
uals, and on individual account. The only restric-
tion is, that the premium charged for this business
shall not exceed two per cent.
Such, and so vast, is the .business to be done by
this bank, under the powers conferred on the boaid
of exchequer—all ol it a legitimate banking business,
precisely such as is commonly transacted by banks
and bankers, and all to be done on individual account—
and yet, this is no bank!
And this is no bank, because, after all, it is only
receiving deposites and giving paper for them; or it
is only selling or buying exchange. And all this the.
Treasury Department has done, and may do again,
and yet be no bank. But has the Treasury Depart-
ment ever received private deposites, "the property
of individuals, to be held, as in other cases of de-
positee made by individuals, for convenience and
security," and issued paper to circulate as currencj
upon such private deposites? And has the Treas-
ury Department ever dealt in exchanges, buying and
selling bills, for the sole purpose of accommodation
to individuals, and to enable such individuals to an-
ticipate or transfer their funds? If this Government,
or any other Government, had ever attempted a bu-
siness of this sort before, there might be something
in the argument. But what is it to the purpose,
when wc charge that, if the Government deals in
private deposites, and in bills of exchange wholly
oa individual account, it conducts the proper business
of a bank—what is it to the purpose to reply, that the
Government does deal, or has dealt, and may deal,
in deposites and exchanges on Government account,
and for the management of its own proper revenues
and funds? Does it follow, therefore, that the Gov-
ernment may deal in deposites, and exchanges on
individual account; and that, in so doing, it does not
conduct the proper business of a bank?
• Sir, this sort of reasoning leads to very strange
conclusions. The Government sets up an official
agency to deal in money and exchanges, just after
the manner of a bank, and in no manner or degree for
Government account; and that agency is not a bank,
because the Government may and does deal in mon-
ey and exchanges in its own proper business. Well;
the Government buys and sells real estate, and buys
and-sells merchandise for Government account, and
in the transaction of its own proper business: can
Government, therefore, establish an official agency
for dealing and trading in real estate, or in merchan-
dise, in no manner or degree for account of Govern-
ment, and yet deny that it is a speculator or a
trader?
Mr. Speaker, there can be no plainer proposition
than that this exchequer scheme includes a regular,
out-and -out Government bank—an executive commer-
cial bank of deposite and exchange—to be conduct-
ed by this Government as a corporation, through its
own officers, wholly on individual account, and pre-
cisely in the manner of any other bank. It may
transact a banking business in a single year equal
to a hundred millions of dollars. In discounting
paper in the form of bills, in buying exchange, and
m selling exchange, though terms are prescribed,
yet there is latitude enough to enable the Govern-
ment—the administration for the time being—to dis-
tinguish, among its customers, between its friends
and its enemies; bestowing favors upon some, and
inipQsjnjr hard or uncomfortable terms upon others.
It may discount paper on easier terms than its neigh-
bor banks; it may buy exchange at a higher premi-
um, and may sell exchange at a lower premium, than
thomaikct price. And it is the Executive Govern-
ment that is to do all this; and we, the Representa-
tives of the people, are to give the authority. The
Exocuti*.;, their places from
him, is to deal and trade in money and commercial
paper to the tune (it may be) of a hundred millions a
year, with individuals all over the country, and with
the whole trading and commercial community.
Liberty' Liberty! what has become of that jealous
spirit which once made the American people so
watchful for freedom, and filled them with alarm and
indignation at the slightest encroachments, or the
offered blandishments of -Executive power! ^
But, Mr. Speaker, it is time to ask soberly and
seriously after the power of this Government to deal,
as a banker, in money and exchanges, in the way
and manner proposed. I should fee glad to hear
some gentleman rise in his place and maintain
the naked proposition, that this Government has the
constitutional authority for this kind of business. 1
should like lo hear the argument, that. I may under-
stand in what particular clause in the Constitution
the authority is found, or from what particular or
what general power it is derived, A power to
deal and trade in money and commcrcial paper, as
here proposed, is a substantive power, in no manner
incident merely to some other power, so far as I can
discover. This Government has full authority, of
course, for the management of its own revenues and
funds; and it may manage its revenues and funds
itself, by its own proper officers, or it may create a
bank or a fiscal agent for that purpose. If it create
a bank for this purpose, it may give to it all the or-
dinary powers of a bank, to enable it to maintain an
independent existence as such. It may authorize
the bank to receive private deposites, to discount
paper and loan money, to issue currency, and to deal
in exchanges. All these powers are appropriate to
a bank, and some or all are essential to its existence
as a bank. It cannot be a bank without them, or
some of them. It must have an independent cor-
porate existence; it must have capital; and it must
transact business enough in its proper line to live
upon. But does it follow, therefore, that the Gov-
ernment itself may turn banker, as a corporation ;
set apart a capital to trade upon; and conduct all
the various and complex business and operations of
a bank? These operations are appropriate and es-
sential to a bank as a fiscal agent; but they are in
no manner appropriate or essential to the Govern-
ment, in the management of its own revenues and
fiscal affairs by its own officers. It is not necessary
that the Government should deal in money and ex-
changes on individual account, to enable it to keep,
transfer, and disburse its own money, or even to
enable it to put forth its own paper for currency.
This it may do by issues to its own creditors, and
for money borrowed. These would be issues on
Government account, and not a trading in money
or paper by the Government on individual account.
This Government, by an express authority, estab-
lishes post officcs and post roads. If necessary for
carrying the mail on a particular route, the Govern-
ment may set up a line of stages of its own for the
purpose, and, as incident to the carrying of the
mail, perhaps it might carry passengers. This has
actually been done by the Post Office Department
in former times. It was done on the route between
this city and Baltimore. But what would be
thought, because the Government sometimes car-
ried the mails with passengers in its own post
coaches, if it should undertake to set up lines of post
coaches all over the country, for the carrying of pas-
sengers without the mails? And this may serve
to illustrate the distinction between the transaction
of business on Government account, or as incident
to the proper business of Government, and the trans-
action of the same business wholly on individual
account. In the same way, the Government might,
if necessary for the transportation of the mails, con-
struct roads or railroads, or build and own steamboats;
and, perhaps, the carrying of passengers might be
connected with the carrying of the mails. But no-
body, I believe, would think that the Government
might, therefore, by its own official agency, con-
struct railroads and build steamboats, solely for the
accommodation of the public in the carrying of
passengers, without any connexion with, or refer-
ence to, the carrying of the mails whatever. And
yet, is not this, in substance and principle, precise-
ly what this exchequer scheme supposes the Gov-
ernment may do? The <rovernment may keep its
own money; therefore it may keep the money of
of individuals. The Government may buy and sell
drafts for the transfer of its own funds; therefore it
may do the same thing for the transfer of the funds
of individuals. The Government may issue paper, as
the evidence of its own proper debts contracted in
its own proper business; therefore it may issue pape f
wholly on dealings with individuals, and solely for
the accommodation of such individuals and the com-
mercial community in general. The Government
may create a bank as its fiscal agent, not because a
bank is necessary, but a fiscal agent is; and may au-
thorize such bank, while performing the duties of
fiscal agent, to conduct the ordinary operations of a
bank, as necessary to its support and existence; and,
therefore, the Government, being its own fiscal agent
if it choose to be, may also conduct the ordinary
operations of a bank, though those operations are
in no way connected with its management of its
own funds and fiscal affairs;—at any rate, inno way
essential, or even important, to such management.
It cannot facilitate, or tend to facilitate, the opera-
tions of the board of exchequer and its agencies, in re-
ceiving, keeping, transferring, and disbursing the prop-
er public money of the Government, or in paying the
public creditors in treasury notes instead of gold and
silver, that it should also receive the money of in-
dividuals on private deposite, furnishing currency
therefor, or that it should buy and sell exchange for
the accommodation of the commercial community,
it must create embarrassment, rather; at any rate,
additional labor, care, and expense. These bank-
mg operations are separate and distinct, and are so
regarded in the plan itself. "The board of ex-
chequer and its several agencies," says this plan,
"shall keep separate and distinct sets of books, for
the purpose of entering and recording, in one set,
all transactions respecting the collection, keeping,
and disbursing of the public revenue, and trans-
mitting the public moneys from place to place, for
the service of Government; and, in another, all
transactions and accounts arising from dealings in
