m-
APPENDIX TO THfc efr&GftE&SlONAL ttLoBB.
Aug. 1848°
27th Cong Sd Sess.
The British Ti eaty—,Mr. Buchanan,
Senate.
settlement of any of these questions, except such as
were for the advantage of his own country.
But, sir, I trust that no other American minister
may ever fellow the example of Mr. Webster in
this particular. Such a mode of negotiation can
only be tolerated between absolute sovereigns; but
under a Government where every public agent is
responsible to the people, either directly or indi-
rectly, our most important affairs with foreign na-
tions ought never to be concluded without a record
of the conferences which led to the result. I myself
negotiated an important treaty with Russia; and I
felt it to be my imperative duty to write down, be-
fore I retired to rest, the substance of every confer-
ence with the Russian Minister for Foreign Affairs,
and afterwards transmit it to my Government by
the very first opportunity.
Tiese observations, sir, will account for the re-
markabl# fact, that, although Lord Ashburton ar-
rived in Washington, and was presented to the
President in the beginning of A pal, and his mis-
sion did not terminate until the 9lh of August, yet
the whole correspondence in relation to impress-
ment, to the Caroline question, and to the Creole
question, took place within the last week or ten
days of its termination. All had been agreed upon
beforehand in private conferences; and the corre-
spondence was only making up the record for pub-
lic view. What Mr. Webster originally proposed,
what he insisted upon, and what he retracted, can
Ttow only be known to himself and to the British
Government.
But, in regard to this eighth article of the treaty,
we have not even any formal record made up, nor
any explanation whatever. There it stands m the
treaty; but how, or why it got there, we are left to
. conjecture. We bind ourselves to England that we
shall maintain a naval force of eighty guns on the
ooast of Africa; whilst the condition of our treasury
is so deplorable, that we have been compelled to re-
duce-our small army, and leave our fellow-citizens
beyond the Mississippi exposed to the attacks of the^
numerous savage tribes transported to that region
by our own policy. Did the British Government
demand this sacrifice at our hands'? Was it neces-
sary to appease the wounded $ide of England at
the disappointment she experienced when France—
nnj- -ij, w icbtlty tlxc
quintuple treaty, and identified herself with us in re-
sisting the right of visitation and search'? All is
obscurity—all is darkness. We do not know, and
we never shall know, what passed between the ne-
gotiators on this subject in their private confer-
ences. Under a Government where every public
minister is responsible, we find a most important
article inserted in a treaty, and know not even by
whom it was proposed.
Now, sir, fa common with all America, I abhor
the slave-trade. Our duty both to God and man
requires that we shoald prevent it from being con-
ducted under the American flag. For tins purpose,
we ought to send a naval force to the coast of Af-
rica, whenever this may become necessary for^ls
suppression. This course we have always hitherto
pursued. But why should we yield up the exei-
cise of our own free will, at the dictation of Eng-
land! Why should we bind ourselves in bonds to
her that we shall do our doty'? The Father of his
Country, while he advised us to cultivate peace and
friendship with all nations, at the same time warned
us against entangling alliances with any. We
have hitherto acted upon this wise and salufarv
maxim; and the present is the first entangling alli-
ance we have ever contracted with any nation,
since the date of his solemn warning. Hereafter,
whether it be convenient or inconvenient to us--
whether it be necessary or not,—we have sol-
emnly pledged ourselves to England, that, at
all times, and under all circumstances, dur-
ing the period of five years, we shall keep eighty
guns afloat on the coast of Africa: and she, of all
others, is the nation which will exact a strict per-
formance of this pledge. There is no reciprocity,
except in name, in this article of the, treaty. The
naval force of Great Britain is so large, that, with-
out any engagement whatever, she would keep a
greater number than eighty guns on the African
coast. In the face of all these objections, and in
this moment of our depressed finances, we agree
to expend $700,000 per annum, to enable England
to present to Christendom this new trophy which
she has won in the cause of universal emancipa-
tion. I take rny estimate of the expense from the
Senators from Missouri and New Hampshire
[Messrs, Benton and Woodbury,] who slate that
the cost of each gun at sea (including ship-building
and all) amounts to $9,000.
But, sir, much as I dislike this article in the as-
pect in which it has already been presented, I dis-
like it still more when viewed in another light.
To me, it appears, under all the circumstances, to
be the price paid to the British Government for a
relinquishment of its claim, during the continuance
of the treaty, to the right of visiting and searching
American vessels on the coast of Africa. On this sub-
ject, we must grope our way in the dark—having
no light to direct our steps, but what appears on the
face of the article itself, and the intimations con-
tained in the President's message.
We have the declaration of the President, "that
the treaty obligations subsisting between the two
countries for the suppression of the African slave-
trade, and the complaints made to this Government
within the last three or fmr years, (many of them
but too well founded,) of the visitation, seizure,
and detention of American vessels on that coast, by
British cruisers, could not but form a delicate and
highly important part of the negotiations which
have noio been held." We thus learn, from the
highest authority, that the light of visitation and
search on the African coast did form a delicate
and highly important part of the negotiations.
This was all conducted in private conferences; as
nothing on the subject appears in the correspond-
ence. Mr. Webster must unquestionably have
complained to Lord Ashburton of the outrages
committed upon our flag by British cruisers; and
his Lordship most probably replied that these were
necessary to suppress the slave-trade in American
vessels. How was the question to be compromised'?
By a stipulation, on the part of the United Slates,
that they would keep a sufficient force on the coast
of Africa to visit and search their own vessels, thus
rendering unnecessary their visitation and search
by British cruisers. In this inference I am sus-
tained by the language of the President. He says
_thauiithe_fixamination or visitation of the merchant
vessels of one nation, by the cruisers of another,
for any purpose, except those known or acknowl-
edged by the law of nations; under whatever re-
straints or regulations it may take place, may lead
to dangerous results. It is far belter, by other
means, to supersede any supposed necessity, or any
'motive, for surJi wvisit. Interference
with a merchant vessel by an armed cruiser, is al-
ways a delicate proceeding, apt to touch the point
of national honor, as well as to affect the interests
of individuals. It has been thought, therefore,
expedient, not only in accordance with the stipu-
lations of the treaty of Ghent, but, at the same
time, as removing alt pretext, on the part of others,
for violating llie immunities of the American flag
upon the seas, as they exist and are defined by the
lam of nations, to enter into the articles now sub■
milled to the Senate" These articles, then, were
entered into for the purpose of removing all pre-
texts, on the part of the British Government, for ex-
amining and searching our vessels on the coast of
Africa. These articles are the price which we
have agreed to pay for the privilege of not being
searched by British cruisers. But the eighth arti-
cle of the ireaty may be annulled, at the pleasure
of either Government, at the end of five years; and
if it should be, what will then be our condition'?
All the arrogant and unjust pretensions of the
British Government to visit and examine Ameri-
can vessels v.ill then- revive; because the Ireaty
contains no renunciation whatever of these pre-
tensions. The parties will then bej remitted to the
condition in which they were placed before it was
concluded. Nay, more; the claim of Great Britain
will be strengthened by the fact, that we have
agreed to purchase a temporary exemption from
its exercise, at the price of maintaining a squadron
of eighty guns on the coast of Africa during a pe-
riod of five years.
The President has referred to the stipulations
contained in_the treaty of Ghent as one reason
'or the adoption of this eighth article The tenth
article ofthat treaty declares as follows: "Whereas,
the traffic in slaves is irreconcilable with the prin-
ciples of humanity and justice, and whereas both
his Majesty and I hp United States are desirous of
continuing their efforts to promote its entire aboli-
tion, it is hereby agreed, that both the contracting
parties shall use their best endeavors to accom-
plish so desirable an object,"
The whole world knows how early, and with
what persevering energy, the United States have
exerted themselves to suppress this odious trade.
They were the first, a few years after the treaty ot
Ghent, to denounce it as piracy under their laws;
and other nations have followed their example.
They have faithfully complied with the treaty of
Ghent, in using their best endeavors for the sup-
pression of this trade. But will any person pretend
that the tenth article of this treaty imposes any obli-
gation npon them to make a new and distinct
treaty, abridging their liberty of thinking and act-
ing for themselves in accomplishing this desirable
object, and compelling them to maintain a squad-
ron on the coast of Africa, to act in concert with
a British squadron, for this purpose"? Surely Lord
Ashburton neverset up any such pretension. The
tenth article of the treaty of Ghent is complete in
itself, and contemplated no new stipulation between
the two Governments.
Senators say that the two squadrons are to act in-
dependently of each other; and no danger now ex-
ists that American vessels will be visited and ex-
amined by British cruisers. I trust that the facts
may justify their prediction. But the treaty itself
provides that the two Governments shall "give
such orders to the officers commanding their re-
spective forces, as shall enable them most e ffectually
to act in concert and co-operation." The British
squadron on the coast of Africa will necessarily
be larger than the American; and it will be com-
manded by an admiral, or other officer of high
rank. Although no direct orders may be issued
from the British commander to an American offi-
cer; yet, when the two squadrons are bound to co-
operate with each other, influence will, probably,
be substituted for command. The American,
squadron will thus, in effect, become a mere subsi-
diary force to that of England. Upon a review of
all the considerations involved in this subject, 1
feel deeply solicitous that the pending motion should
prevail, to strike this eighth article from the treaty.
There is not the least danger but that it will be rati-
fied by England without this article. The honor
of the nation requires that we should make this
amendment. After all that has passed, we should
stand upon that sacred principle of the law of na-
tions, that the American flag—waving at the mast-
head of an American vessel, shall protect her
from visitation and search by British cruisers.
In what condition do we place France by yielding
to the demands of England,—that France, whose
people have^ been ever ready and ever willing to
j.tand by us in the day and hour of danger'? It is
known to us all that England, by her persevering
solicitations, had obtained from the Governments of
France, Russia, Prussia, and Austria, a treaty yield-
ing theright ofsearch on the coast of Africa; and she
expected to extort this concession from us, through
the moral influence of these nations. The treaty
had not yet been ratified by France, when our
minister at Paris interposed. His powerful pro-
test against it aroused the French people to a
sense of their danger. They took the alarm, and,
like their fa'hers in the Revolution, they united
with us in asserting the independence of their flag
and our flag. Such a storm of indignation was
thus raised, that the French Government withheld
its ratification from the quintuple treaty. And yet
after all this, we have deserted our ancient ally—
we ha/e framed a treaty with the British Govern-
ment, by which they not only do not renounce the
nght ofsearch, but have obtained from us an implied
acknowledgment of the existence of such a right
by our engagement, in consideration of the tem-
porary suspension of its excrcise, to maintain a
squadron of eighty guns on the coast of Africa
lor five years, to act in concert and co operation
with the British squadron. Surely, surely the
Senate will not ratify this article of the treatv. Sure-
''j f«re'V Senate Will not ratify the unjust claim
of .he British Government to be the supreme pro-
oi'on°theTand S°f humanity>eilher°n the ocean
...1 ?lave now reached the Northeastern boundary
question; and I have, on former occasions, written
^nm0fe,ns°-("]uch,in saPP°n of our title to the
disputed territory that I shall trouble the Senate
W mi but a few observations on this branch of the
subject. I entirely concur in the opinion formerly
expresses by Mr. Webster, that the claim of the
British. Government "dues not amount to the die;-
nity oi a debatable question." The Senate unani-
mously adopted a resolution on the 4th of July.
13.58, reported by myself, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on foreign Relations, declaring, "That
after a careful examination, and deliberate consid-
eration of the whole controversy between the United
