Aug. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ios-
27th Cong""3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
States and Great Britain, relative to the Northeast-
ern boundary of the former, the Senate does not
entertain a doubt of the entire practicability of run-
ning and marking that boundary m strict conform-
ity with the stipulations of the definitive treaty of
peace of seventeen hundred and eighty-three; and
it entertains a perfect conviction of the justice and
validity of the title o£ the United States to the full
extent of all the territory in dispute between the
two powers." The distinguished predecessor [Mr.
Clay] of the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Critten-
den,] then a member of the Committee on' Foreign
Relations, cordially approved both ol the report and
of this resolution; and, upon his motion, the latter
was considered and adopted on the anniversary of
our independence. He said that there was a pecu-
liar fitness in resolving to maintain the integrity
and independence of the old thirteen United States
on the anniversary of that memorable day on which
our independence was declared. I can never, then,
admit that our title to the disputed territory was
even doubtful.
Dr. Franklin, and the other American commis-
sioners who negotiated the definitive treaty of peace,
in 1783, were wise and sagacious men. They
knew that, in every delineation of boundary, it was
all important clearly to fix the starting-point; and
"thatallfuture disputes might be prevented," to use
the language of the treaty, the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia was established as the place of begin-
ning. At the date of the treaty, this was a well-
. known point, at the intersection of the western line
of the province of Nova Scotia with the southern
line of the province of Quebec; and although these
two lines had never been actually run and marked
upon the ground, yet their position was so clearly
described by royal proclamations, by acts of Parlia-
ment, and by the commissions granted to the Gov-
ernors of Nova Scotia and Quebec, that our com-
missioners deemed it impossible that any serious
difficulty could arise in discovering tins angle.
Nothing more was necessary than to follow upon
the ground the due-north line, plainlv marked upon
"Mitchell's map, from the source of the St. Croix to
the line of highlands dividing "those rivers that
empty themselves into the river St. Lawrence, from
those which tall into the Atlantic ocean;" and at
the intersection of these two lines, the northwest
angle of Nova Scotia must be found with mathemat-
ical precision.
All admit that Mitchell's map, published in
1755, was the map used by the commlv-ioneis m
designating the buundaiies of the United States.
Until the year 17G3, the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia was the point where the line maiked upon
that map, as the dividing line between Novn Scotia
and New England, struck the river St. Lawrence.
In February, 1763, Great Britain acquired Canada
from France by treaty. Under the King's proc-
lamation of October, 1763, which created the prov-
ince of Quebec, and afterwards, by act ol Parlia-
ment, in 1774, this province was extended south of
the St. Lawrence, "by a line troin the bay of Cha-
leurs, along the highland-? which divide the rivers
that empty themselves into the river St. Lawrence
from those which fall into the sea, to a point in
forty-five degrees of iiorthernlntiuide, on the eastern
bank of the river Connecticut." The hav ot Cha-
leurs on the north, m latitude between 48 and -19,
and a point on the Connecticut, in latitude 45, were
to be the two extremities; and the intermediate
southern line of the province ol Quebec was to pass
between these two points along the highlands
which divide the rivers that empty themselves into
the St. Lawrence, on (lie one side, from those fall-
ing into the sea, upon the other. Ihe definitive
treaty of peace a iopfe the language of the act of
Parliament of J 771, and describes the northwest
an^le of Nova Scotia to be "that angle which is
formed by a line diawn due north from the source
of St. Croix river to the highlands'' "which divide
those rivers that empty themselves into the river St.
Lawrence from those which fall into the Atlantic
ocean." Now, sir, let any Senator cast his eyes
upon Mitchell's map, and follow the ell-marked
due-north line from the source of the St. Croix;
and he will find that it crosses the river St. John
very little north of the 17th degree of latitude, and
does not arrive at the highlands from which rivers
empty themselves into the St. Lawrence, until
north of the 4Slh degree of latitude. And yet, in
the face of all these ofiicial documents of the very
highest authority, I was astonished to had that Lord
Ashburton, in his letter to Mr. Webster of the CM
June last, declared "his settled conviction that it
was the intention of the parties to the treaty of
peace of 1783, however imperfectly those intentions
may have been executed, to leave to Great Britain,
by their description of boundaries, the whole of the
waters of the river St. John." In order to enter-
tain this conviction, he must believe that the south-
ern boundary of the province of Quebec, under
the royal proclamation of 17G3, and the act of
Parliament of 1774, extended not merely to the
dividing highlands whence streams flow into the
St. Lawrence; but about a hundred miles south of
these highlands, embracing a region of country
watered by a large river, (the St. John,) and its
numerous tributaries, which flow, not into the St.
Lawrence, hut into the sea. And Dr. Franklin and
our other commissioners, with Mitchell's map be-
fore them, and the St. John with all its tributaries
in full view, in the opinion of his Lordship, intend-
ed to bring the northwestern angle of Nova Scotia
down to Mars Hill, one hundred miles south of
those dividing highlands; from the opposite slopes
of which, rivers flow on the one side into the St.
Lawrence, and on the other into the ocean. With
this map before them, they were wholly ignorant
of the language which they had employed when
clearly and distinctly fixing the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia in this dividing range of highlands,
and intended to fix it in highlands one hundred
miles south, which divide not thesources ofstreams
falling into the St Lawrence and the Atlantic
ocean, according to the description of the treaty, but
the sources of streams falling into the St. John on
the north, and the Penobscot on the south.
In opposition to this treaty line, so clearly de-
fined by Dr. Fianklin, and to make Dr. Franklin
contradict himself, the copy of an old French map
by D'Anville has been produced, (lie original of
which was recently found by Mr. Sparks in the
office of Foieign Affairs at Pans, among GO,000
other maps. It is dated in 1746; and upon its face
there is a line traced, in red ink, running along the
highlands which divide the head waters of the Pe-
nobscot and Kennebec on the south, from (he tribu-
taries of the St. John on the north. Much import-
ance seems to have been attached to this map by the
Secretary of State. It was communicated to the
Committee on Foreign Relations in great confi-
dence, and with an air of solemn mystery; and se-
rious apprehensions were expiessed lest Lord Ash-
burton might obtain information of the existence of
so precious a document. The dreaded inference
was, that this must be rhe very map which had
be^n marked by Dr. Franklin for Count Ver-
gennes, at his request; and that the red lines upon
it were the boundary lines of the United States, ac-
cording to the treaty, traced by the hand of its chief
negotiator. In plain English, that, notwithstand-
ing Dr. Franklin had signed the provisional treaty
on the 30th day of November, 1782, defining the
northeastern boundary of the United States to be a
line drawn due north from the source of St. Croix
river to the highlands, and thence along the high-
lands dividing the rivers which flow into the St.
Lawrence from those which empty themselve. into
the Atlantic; yet that, only six short davs thereafter,
he had ra.irked this veiy treaty line upon a map
for Count Veigennes, as a line not running north
at all from 'lie source of the St. Croix, but run-
ning west; and not separating the head waters of
the tributaries ofthe St. Lawrence from the rivers
which tall into the Atlantic ocean, but dividing the
tributaries id the St John from the head-waters of
the Kennebec and the Penobscot. To credit this,
we most believe eithei that the Doctoi had a very
short memory, or that he did not understand the
plainest provisions of the treaty to which he had
just become a party. Neither the one supposition
nor the o'her can be tolera'ed for a moment. Those
who attach such importance to this map, suiely
could not have been an areuf the fact that, previous
to the vear 1763, when Canada v. as ceded by Fi ance
to Encland, all the French maps that were publish-
ed had the dividing line between the possessions of
France and England marked in this very manner.
By this line France claimed against England prior
lo'theveir 1703: and it would have been "passing
strange" if this old map of 1746—bearing date thirty-
six years before the existence of our provisional
treaty with England—should not have been thus
marked. The wonder would have been to have
found any map of that date in the French Foreign
Office marked in any other manner.
The logic by which Dr. Franklin would be
made to stultify himself is, that he certainly did
mark some map for Count Vergennes with the
lines of the provisional treaty; but what has become
of this map, no man living can tell. An old French
map of 1746, however, has been found by Mr.
Sparks, among sixty thousand other maps, marked:
as all French maps were previous to 1763.
Therefore, this must be the very map which Dr.
Franklin sent to Count Vergennes sixty years ago.
Quod erat demonstrandum. Such an assumption is
too absurd to be assailed by serious argument.
Lord Ashburton, in his first letter to Mr. Web-
ster, of the l3lh June, appears peculiarly solicitous
to free his Government from the imputation of hav-
ing urged a claim which they knew to be unfound-
ed. In order to accomplish this purpose, he at-
tempts to prove that the claim had been asserted
pieviously to the treaty of Ghent. Now, sir, this I
utterly deny. No question was ever made, until af-
ter that treaty, but that our line extended north of
the St. John. On the contrary, this fact was clearly
admitted in 1797, by agents of high character, act-
ing under the express authority ol the British Gov-
ernment. Ward Chipman, esq., the agent of that.
Government, under Jay's treaty, for determining
the true source of the St. Croix, expressly admits
the fact. In his argument, he says that "this north
hne w,ust of necessity ctoss the river St. John."
Nay, more: he insists that, "if a north line
is to be tiaced from the source of the Cheput-
natecook, (which was eventually established as
the point of beginning,) it will not only cross the
river St. John, within about fifty miles from Fred-
erickton, the metropolis of New Brunswick, but
will cut off the sources of the rivers which fall into
the Bay of Ciialeurs, if not of many others—proba-
bly the Merramichi among them—widen fall into the
Gulf of SI. Lawrence." Robert Liston, esq., then
his Britannic Majesty's minister to the United
States, in his correspondence with Mr. Chipman—
and this, but fourteen years after the date of the de-
finitive trea'y—clearly admits that this north line
would cross the St. John. And yet Lord Ashbur-
ton, at this late day, is (irmly convinced, not only
that it would not cross the St. John, but that it
would stop short at Mars Hill, and turn to the west
some forty or fifty miles south of that river.
Previously to the treaty of Ghent, in 1814, the
British Government had discovered the vast im-
portance of obtaining a cession of that portion of
our territory in the northern part of Maine, through
which ihe direct communication lies between their
provinces of Nova Scotia arid New Brunswick and
the city of Quebec. The British commissioners,
at the first, did not insinuate that they had any right,
under the treaty, to this noithern angle of Maine;
but merely proposed "such a variation of the line
of frontier as might sccure a direct commu-
nication between Quebec and Halifax:" and for
tins cession they were willing to yield an equiva-
lent, "either in lrontier or otherwise." It was not
until after the American commissioners had de-
clared "they had no authority to cede any part of
the territory of the United Slates," that the British
commissioners insinuated (rather than asserted)
the first d'lub! in legard to our title. This faint
pretension was ablv and promptly repelled by the
American commi-sioner.s: and the coirespondence
on this subject ended with a note from the British
commissioners, m which they declare that "the
British Government never required that ail that
portion of the State of Massachusetts (now Maine)
iniener.iuo between the province of New Bruns-
wick and Qucbee should be ceded to Great Britain;
bid or.l'i that small pottion of hnsettled country
T:h>ch inlcri up1* the com'mvnien//an betirren Quebec
end H'lUfo c—there bcinc, much doubt vhether it does
vat already belong to (ireat Biitaui" Great Brit-
ain would then, sir, yon perceive, have gladly ac-
cepted this small poition of the disputed territoiy
by cession, and granted an equivalent therefor,
either m frontier or olhet wise. What has she now
obtained under the present treaty'? Not merely
the small mien cning territory necessary to connect
her two provinces—which was all sire desired in
H14—but all the territory of Maine north of the
St. John and the St. Francis, containing 2,636,160
acres, or 5,! 19 square miles; und, in addition there-
to, a strip of territory south ol the St. Francis, 110
miles in lerg'h, alone the highland frontier of that
grate, containing 571,5'JO acres, or 893 square
miles, No man can even set up the pretence that
this strip of territory is in any manner necessary
to seenre a direct communication between .Quebec
and Halifax. It has been wrested from us for a
far different purpose. Instead of yielding us any
equivalent for this cession, either in land or in
