106
APPENBIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBli.
Aug. 1842.
27th Cons*•••3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr, Buchanan.
Senate.
moaey, as Great Britain was anxious to do at
Ghent, we ourselves have agreed to purchase it
from Maine and Massachusetts, at a stipulated
sum, in order that we may cede it, without money
and -without price, to satisfy the arrogant preten-
sions of this domineering nation. The King of
the Netherlands, although much under the influ-
ence of England at the time he made his award,
never thought of giving her more of our territory
than she claimed to be necessary for a free and di-
rect communication between her provinces It
was reserved for an American Secretary of State
to surrender this territory—and that, too, the high-
land boundary which secured Maine against the
assaults of Great Britain-of eight hundred and
ninety-three square miles, m order to satisfy her
rapacity. The Dutch King had never dreamed of
imposing on us any such humiliating terms.
But I am in advance of my subject, and must re-
turn. Lord Ashburion, intent upon proving (as
well he might be, tor the honor of his country) that
the British claim was not a mere unfounded pre-
tence to extort territory from a neighboring nation,
refers to the instructions of Mr. Madison to Mr.
King, in 1802, and the message of Mr. Jefferson to
Congress, in 1803, for the purpose of showing that
the treaty highlands, at the northwest angle of Nova
Scotia, could not be found upon the ground. Re-
cent surveys have clearly established that these
distinguished men weie both mistaken in this par-
ticular. But no matter. lias Mr. Madison or Mr.
Jefferson ever admitted, if an actual mountain
ridge could not be found upon the ground, that
our north line from the monument should stop short
south of the St. John, and should not be extended
as far north as the region where the sources of those
rivers "that empty themselves into the St. Law-
rence" interlock with the sources of those "which
fall into the Atlantic ocean'!" This will not be
pretended. The fact is directly opposite; because
Mr. Madison* in these very instructions to Mr.
King to which his Lordship refers, declares dis-
tinctiy, upon the presumption that a mountainous
ridge could not be found upon the ground, that "due
regard ought lobe had to the general idea thai the
line ought to terminate on the elevated ground di-
viding the rivers falling 'into the Atlantic jrointliose
actuat'lirg^lands could have been found, it would
nevertheless remain a geographical fact not to be
contested, that there exists a range of country di-
viding the streams which flow on the one side into
the St. Lawrence, from those which flow, on the
other side, into the Atlantic ocean. It was here,
then, that, under the treaty, the northwest angle of
Nova Scotia was to be tound, and not in a range of
highlands far to the south ot the St. John, and lar
to the south of the sources of the breams which fall
into the St. Lawrence. Accordingly, we find that
in the second article of the treaty concluded at
London, on the 12th May, 1803, between Mr. King
and Lord Hawkesbury, the commissioners appoint-
ed under its authority were directed "to cause the
said boundary line between the source of the river
St. Croix, as the same has been determined hy the
commissioners appointed lor that purpose, and the
northwest angle of Nova Scotia, to be mn and mark-
ed, according to the provisions of the treaty afore-
said" [of 1783.] You will observe, sir, that this
treaty was negotiated under the veiy lMstuictiolis
from Mr. Madison to Mr. Kins', on which Lord
Ashburion relies to defend his Government against
the imputation that their claim to the disputed ter-
ritory was not a mere unfounded pretence The
negotiatots of this treaty of )M>3, from its very
terms, cottkl have entertained no doubt but that the
line between the monument and the northwest an-
gle of Nova Scotia could be run and marked, ac-
cordingto the definitive treaty of peace. It is true
that the treaty of 1?03 was never ratified; but no ob-
jection was ever made by either party to the arti-
cle containing this stipulation.
The truth is, that the present British claim was
all an afterthought. It owes its origin entirely lo
the discovery that it was necessary, by some'pre-
tence or other, to wrest from us the territory which,
if in our possession, might interrupt the communi-
cation between Nova Scotia and Quebec. They
then contended that no actual highlands could be
found upon the ground, such as those described by
the treaty. They placed particular emphasis on
the word "highlands," and insisted that, if a moun-
tain range could not be found, the treaty was abso-
lutely void, for uncertainty. But, when "high-
lands'" are spoken of as dividing waters flowing in
opposite directions, is not the meaning of the term
perfectly palpable"? From the very laws of nature,
such highlands must exist and slope off m opposite
directions. Whether they consist of table-land, or
even swamp, or shoot up intomountain ridges, still,
if there be a height of land from which streams
flow down in opposite directions, this roost cleauy
answeis the description of thetteaty. It is not the
elevation of these highlands,but their capacity to di-
vide waters, which stamps upon them their char-
acter.
After the British Government had thus summa-
rily annihilated the "highlands" of the treaty, they
had still to perform other wonders. Even if this
part of the description were gone, enough _ would
still remain clearly to identify the treaty line as
Mitchell's map, and all other maps, plainly show a
range of country separating "those rivers that emp-
ty themselves into the river St. Lawrence from
those which fall into the Atlantic ocean.'' What
task, then, had they next to perform? After sinking
the highlands, they contended, with all imaginable
gravity, that no rivers existed in that region which
fell into the Atlantic. And why? The St. John
(say they) is not a river falling into the Agamic
ocean, because it hasits mouth in the Bay ot Fundv;
neither is the Ristigouche, because it has its month in
the Bay of Cbaleurs. And what is this Bav of Fumly
itself, but a part of the Atlantic ocean? A bay is a
mere opening of the main ocean into the land; and
vou might, with the same justice, contend that the
Bay of Naples is not a portion of the. Mediterra-
nean, as that the Bay of Fundy is not a portion of
the Atlantic ocean. What absolute trifling it is to
contend that a j iver does not fall into the Atlantic,
because, in reaehins the main ocean, it may pass
through a bay. The Delaware does not fall into
the Atlantic, because it flows into it through the
Bay of Delaware; and, for the same reason, the St.
John does not fall into the Ailantie, because it
flows into it through the Bay of Fundv' By the
Mine.pipeess of reasoning, there is not a single
river in the Slate of Maine which falls into the
Atlantic ocean. They all have their mouths in
different bays. Truly, the British claim does not
rise to the "dignity of a debatable question. It is
not even a dccent pretence.
But even after the British Government had thus
annihilated tiie treaty Highlands, and proved that
the St John, whose northern tributary streams rise
in these highlands, did not fall into the Atlantic,
there was another desei iption still left of the treaty
boundary, against which they have never been able
to utter a word. It is a settled common-sense rule
of construction, that if any portion of a description
of boundary fail, yet if enough remains clearly to
manifest the intention of the contracting parties, this
is sufficient. Now, the British Government have
never pretended that rivers do not exist which
empty themselves into the St. Lawrence exactly
in accordance with the description of the treat}'.
On Mitchell's map, you perceive the river St. Law-
rence running from the southwest to the northeast;
whilst numerous tributaries rising to the south of
if, and passing north through its valley, empty
themselves into the main stieam. This pottion of
the description remains, and would be just as con-
clusive in favor (.four right as though the treaty
had referred to noihipg else. The bad does not
and cannot vitiate the good.
T have said much more on this branch of the sub-
ject than I had intended, not for the purpose of
establishing our ritht, hut to show that the misera-
•bie pretext:- to which the British Government have
been compelled to resort in order to rbtain our
tern'orv, are unworthy of a great nation, and that
I.ord .Ashharton can never free them from the im-
pota'ion of demanding thai to which they must
have known they had no right.
Let me now present a sketch of the history of
this negotiation between Mr. Webber and Lord
i^hburton, m relation to the Msine boundary, in
a plain and distinct form, before the Senate. 'The
first fact which strikes the mind with astonishment
i;, that Mr. AVebster should have agreed, in their
preliminary conferences, to waive all discussion
'■on the genera^ grounds on which each party con-
siders their claims respectively to rest," as not cal-
culated to lead to any practical result. This ap-
pears conclusively from the very first paragraph of
the first letter addressed by Lord Ashburroh to Mr.
Webster, on the 13ih June, 1842, and his answer of
the 8th July.
I may be asked what course Mr, Webster, in my
opinion, ought to have pursued. I answer, he
ought to have invariably insisted on our right to
the disputed territory; but, at the same time, to
have expressed his willingness, for the sake of
good neighborhood, and in consideration of a fair
equivalent in territory, to have yielded this right
so lar as to grant to Great Britain what her com-
missioners had so earnestly desired at Ghent—"such
a variation of the line of frontier as might secure
a direct communication between Quebec and Hal-
ifax.'' Nature herself seems to have pointed out
these mutual equivalents. Whoever will cast his
eye over the map of Maine and New Brunswick,
must be forcibly struck with this truth. If the right
of way over our territory between Halifax and
G.uebec had been alone solicited, it ought to have
been conceded to Great Britain in exchange for
the right to navigate the St. John. Bui, as the
British Government earnestly desired topos.-ess the
right of sovereignty in the soil over which this way
passed, the northern triangle of Maine ought to
have been surrendered for the much smaller tri-
angle belonging to the province of New Bruns-
wick, west of the St. John. This would have es-
tablished a river boundary between the two coun-
tries, fiom the point where the due-north line from
the monument strikes Eel river, all the distance
round by Eel river, the St. John, and the St. Fran-
cis, to the western highland boundary of the treaty.
But what is our present condition, underthis treaty'?
We have ceded to Great Britain all the territory
she desired; and yet we have not obtained this
narrow strip of territory west of the St. John
She still retains it: and there an organized
system of smuggling can be established; and from
thence, in case of war, her troops can be poured in-
to the very heart of the State of Maine. To pre-
serve peace and good neighborhood between inde-
pendent nations, a river or a mountain boundary
has always been deemed of essential importance.
And yet, strange as it may seem, we have never in-
sisted upon this river boundary, on the east of
Maine, which Nature herself seems to have estab-
lished, whilst we have actjiaily surrendered into
Xhe. keeping of Great Britain the whole of our west-
em mountain boundary.
Lord Ashburton having obtained from Mr. AVeb-
ster the important concession that the right of the
United States to the disputed territory should no
longer be a subject of discussion, the next conces-
sion which this shrewd practical diplomatist de-
sired to obtain seemed to follow as an almost ne-
cessary consequence. For years the British Gov-
ernment have contended that the whole territory of
Maine north of these pretended highlands, which
take a westerly direction from Mars Hill, was in
dispute; and that it was impossible to ascertain
the rights of the respective parties, according to
the treaty. Assuming these facts, they had, over
and over again, proposed to divide the disputed
territory between the two countries, without grant-
ing any equivalent to us beyond its limits. When
the American negotiator, therefore, in the very
beginning, admitted that it would be vain for us
to insist upon our rights under the treaty, it seemed
to follow, as a necessary consequence, that the
disputed territory must be divided between the
parties, according to the suggestion of the British
Government. But this was far from the opinion
of the Legislature of Maine. Indeed, it does not
even seem to have originally been the intention of
Lord Ashburion himself to make any such ex-
travagant demand. The Secretary ofSiate,in his let-
ter to Gov. Fairfield, dated 1 Uh April, 1842, informs
him that his Loulship had "officially announced, lo
tins department, that, in legard to the boundary
qnation, lie has authority tu tieal for a conventional
line, or line by asreemcnt, on sveh lams and con-
ditions, and with -vch mvtval considerations and
equivalents as May be thought just and equitable."
I would ask every Senator of "this body, if, when
he first read this letter of Mr. Webber, it entered
into his imagination to conceive that Lord Ash-
burton, by these expressions, meant no more than,
a division of the disputed territory between the
parties. Had he thus expressed himself, in dis-
tinct terms—my life upon it, Maine never would
have appointed commissioners. But Maine did
not leave this question in doubt. Her Legislature,
on the -20th May, 1812, at the time when her com-
missioners were chosen, resolved, "That this State
cannot regard the relinquishment, by the British.
Government, of any claim heretofore'advanced by
it to the territory included within the limits of the
line of this State, as designated by the treaty of
