Aug. 1848.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfc.
107
27th Cong.*"-3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
1783, and uniformly claimed by Maine, as a con-
sideration or equivalent within the meaning of
these resolutions."
It is a most curious point of diplomatic history,
how, in the very face of this resolution of in-
structions, the Maine commissioners were led on,
step by step, to give their assent to the present
treaty. It will be well worth while to spend a few
moments in tracing this strange history.
The commissioners of Maine had their first au-
dience with Mr. Webster on Monday, 13th of June.
On the 17th June, Mr. Webster informed Lord
Ashburton that he was prepared to commence the
negotiation. On the 18th June, they held their first
conference; but what transpired at this conference
is buried in oblivion. No record of it will ever
meet the public eye. If Mr. Webster had evinced
half as much skill in managing Lord Ashburton
as he displayed in managing the commissioners
of Maine, that State would have acquired the strip
of territory on the right bank ol the St. John,
which she so much desired to possess.
The result of this conference was the letter of
Lord Ashburton to Mr. Webster of the 21st of
June. This letter, although conciliatory in its
terms, is one of bold anil barefaced pretension, it
asserts the principle (which both the State of Maine
and the General Government had so long resisted)
that there must be a division of the disputed terri-
tory between the two countries, withotu any other
equivalent to us; and it not only demands for Great
Britain all the disputed temlory north of the St.
John and the St. Francis, but also the whole of the
Madawaska settlement south of the St. .Tolm Nay,
more: his Lordship asserts a claim, of which we
neverhad befoic heard, to the whole territory south
of the St. Francis and west of the St. John, down to
"someone of its sources" in the highlands—thus in-
tending to deprive Maine not only of her western
highland boundary, but of the whole valley be-
tween that boundary and the river St. John. He
seems to have well understood the policy of asking
much moi e than he would be willing to accept. In
making this demand, his Lordship resorts to the
common diplomatic finesse, that he could not, in
any case, abandon the obvious interests of the Mad-
awaska settlement soulh ot the St. John; and, to
give this and other declarations the greater effect, ho
solemnly declares: "I have not treated the subject
m the ordinary form of a bargain, where the party
making the proposal leaves himself something to
give up. The cose to Quid not admit of this, even if
I could bring myself so to act." And yet the case did
admit of this; and his Lordship did bring himself
very quietly so to act, within a few days, and as
soon as he discovered that the Maine commissioners
had resisted this claim to the Madawaska settlement
with becoming spirit; his pretended instructions to
the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. Webster refers this letter of Lord Ashbur-
ton to the commissioners of Maine, and reserves
to himself the part of mediator between them and
Lord Ashburton. In their note to him of the 29th
June, they declare (page 5o) that they can never
surrender the Madawaska settlement south of the
St. John; "and that, if the adoption of such a line
is asinequa. non on the part of the British Govern-
ment, the commissioners on the part of the State of
Maine feel it their dulv as distinctly to say, that
any attempt at an amicable adjustment of the con-
troversy respectingthe jXorthea-tern bound::'y on
that basis, with the conscnt of Maine, would be
entirely fruitless."
The Maine commissioners then proceed to offer
to Mr. Webster a counter projtl, and to propose a
conventional line. And here permit me to observe,
that it is a most astonishing fact, that these coiti-
missioners never even asked for a cession ol ihe
narrow triangular strip of land we^t of the ^t.
John. I venture to say that no American states-
man, who has ever examined the subject cf a con-
ventional line, has entertained any other idea tnan
that this strip of land ought to be the equivalent for
the tract of country north of the St. Joint and ct.
Francis. If a bare right of way was to be sur-
rendered to England over the disputed territory, trie
navigation of the St. John would be the natural
equivalent; but if, in addition to this, the British
Government asked a cession of the sovereignty and
soil of the territory north of the St. John, then the
equally fair equivalent was a surrender by them to
Maine of the strip of land north of Eel river, on
the right bank of the St. John—thus establishing a
river boundary between Maine and New Bruns-
wick, This impression has been deeply fixed upon
my mind for years. I have talked of it a hundred
times, and every person with whom I have con-
versed has been under the same impression. This
was the "general and confident expectation of the
people of Maine," as we are informed by her com-
missioners. With a view to this, the Legislature
of that State had solemnly resolved that no relin-
quishment of territory on the part of the British
Government, within what it chose to denominate
the disputed territory, should ever be eonsideredby
Maine as an equivalent for the surrender of any
portion of that territory to Great Britain.
This resolution, it is well known, pointed clearly
and distinctly to the acquisition of the strip west of
the St. John. And yet the Maine commissioners,
in their counter-projet, not only did not demand
this territory, but thev expressly surrendered alt
claim to it. And why"! Because, to use their own
language, "they have been assured that Lord Ash-
burton is restrained, by his instructions, from yield-
ing the island of Grand Menan, or any of the isl-
ands in Passamaquoddy bay, or erm ami portton of
the narrow ship of terntoiy which lies betv-crn the
due north line from the source of the St. Cioix and
the St. John river, above Eel rirei,(*o called,) as an
equivalent for aw)/ pmtionof the terriloiy claimed
by Maine as v:iihin her boundaries," By whom
had they been thus assured1? Unquestionably by
Mr. Webster. By whom had they been prevailed
upon to surrender the claim of their Slate to this
strip of territorvl Certainly by Mr. Webster,upon
the assurance that Lord Ashbuiton was restrained,
by his instructions, from yielding it. This was
the fatal point of the negotiation for the State of
Maine. It was here that the lights of that Stale,
and of the "United States, were abandoned. This
territory ought to have been resolutely demanded
as an equivalent for the darling object which Great
Britain'had lor so many years eagerly pin sued—
that of acquiring the tenitory over which lav the.
communication between New Brunswick andCtue-
bec. If Lord A-hburton's insti actions prohibited
him from surrendering this strip of territory, new
instructions could and would have been obtained,
had thev been found neeessaiy. If this had not
been the case, I would have rei'eired the question
to another arbitrator, (an alternative to which Lord
Ashburton often alludes,) or have hazarded any
other consequences, rather than have tamely yield-
ed the principle against which we had so long con-
tended—that our right 10 the disputed territory was
doubtful; and, therefore, because it was so, that a
division of it ought to be made between the t wo na-
hons. But his Lord-hip (according tohis own dec-
laration) never could have surrendered the Mada-
waska territory south oi the St. John: and yet he
did asree to surrender it, before it was possible for
him to have obtained new institutions from Eng-
land. Had the Maine commissioners insisted upon
this tract of country with the same manly firm-
ness as they had done upon retaining the Mada-
waska settlement south of the St John, in all hu-
man probibilily it would have been attended with
a similar result, Bis L rdship'*. alleged instruc-
tions would have yielded to circumstances, as they
had done before;'and this negotiation might have
closed with honor to the country. The moment that
the Maine commissioners were prevailed upor to
yield this point without a struggle, all was lost.
Every principle for which we bad so long con-
tended was at once abandoned; and nothing more
remained than to decide how much of tbetorntory
of Vis in-1 should be conceded to the demands of
Great Britain. The Maine commissioners seem
themselves to have been deeply sensible of this de-
giading truth. Tbey declare that, as they can ob.am
no equivalent beyond the dispute! ter.i'oi'v. 1 thni
[eel thcmvlcis covsl.rain. il to >,/// '/ic Hhc ]•<,: hon of
territr.iu v it kin the t.mih of Maine, «' rI timed bv
her. which thev a"' prepaied, in a tpint of peace
and good nniiiboihond, la yield 1or_ the arcjimno-
dutiim of Great B-itaia, mu;t l" fe'i'-aived a-d
confuted to such poition only, and in svrl, rcnsiniobte
cxtert, as is necr'tary to secure to Great Britoi;'.
'an .unobstructed coiirmin'"'"hoii and cotHK.eicm of
her colonies irilh, each other.' "
They then proposed to yield to Grea* Britain all
that had been awarded to her bv the King of the
Netherlands, (whose award the Senate had so
promptly rejected, but which had been so eagerly
accepted by the Butish King.) with the exception of
a small portion ol the lerritoiy north of the St.
Francis, This proposition gave to England ail
the territory that was necessary • j secure the com-
munication between her provinces; but whilst
doing this, it would, to a partial extent, have
saved our Government from the disgrace of hay-
ing, for so many years, warred against the award
of the King of the Netherlands, and afterwards
accepted worse terms than it proposed.
Mr. Webster, on the 7th of July, transmits
this letter of the commissioners of Maine to Lord
Ashburton, accompanied by a long diplomatic note.
In this note he expressly recognises that his Lord-
ship is not at liberty "to cede the whole or a part erf
the territory, commonly called the strip, lying east
of the north line, and west of the St. John." How
had Mr. Webster acquired a knowledge of this
most important fact; It must have been in their
verbal conferences; for Lord Ashburton had not
previously committed himself by any such decla-
ration in any portion of bis correspondence. In it
he has nowhere stated that his instructions forbade
him to make such a surrender.
It is also worthy of remark, thatwhilst Mr. Web-
ster, with the strange inconsistency between his ar-
guments and his actions which characterizes
this negotiation, is communicating to Lord Ash-
burton a proposition to surrender to him all that
portion of the disputed territory for which England
had originally contended, and although he had
thus rendered it impossible that any discussion of
our tille could benefit his country, yet he does, not-
withstanding, demonstrate the nglit of the State of
Maine to ail this territory, with irresistible clear-
ness and power. He is equally triumphant on
this question as on the Creole and Caroline ques-
tions or m resisting the doctrine of impressment;
but, unfortunately, his arguments have fallen to
the ground, without producing any beneficial re-
sult.
Lord Ashburton, with that skill and address
which have characterized him throughout the whole
negotiation, now eagerly seized the advantage
which he had obtained over Mr. Webster and the
Maine commissioners. They had fatally, in ad-
vance, bound themselves to giant all that England
originally sought or desired'. To this extent they
stood committed; and his object now was to obtain,
in addition, a cession of the western highland
boundary ol Maine, for the purpose of covering
Quebec, and of assailing us with tremendous advan-
tage in the event of war between the two countries.
He now departs from the moderate and coneilia-
toiy tone which he had assumed everywhere else
throughout the negotiation. In his letter to Mr.
Webster cf the 11th July, he scouts the proposition
of the commissioners of Maine; indeed, he treats
it almost as il it were an insult. He feels himself
"quite at a loss'' to account for such a proposal, and
he appeals to the candid judgment of Mr. Webster
tosDV "whether this is a proposition for concilia-
tion." He savs that he need not examine the line
proposed by the Maine commissioners in its pre-
cise details, because he is obliged to state frankly
that it is inadmissible.
But with all this affected indignation and aston-
ishment, he is very careful not to break off' the
negotiation, He was too wise and too wary thus to
end. u:jrr the advantage lie had obtained. He
therefore sugeests to Mr. Webster that the nego-
tiation " would have a better chance of success by
i-onference than by correspondence." He trusts
more in the diplomacy of the secret conclave,
where there was no ear to hear and no pen to
jccoid their conferences, than in the bold, open,
manly mode in which a negotiation ought to be
conducted between the responsible ministers of
responsible Governments.
In this letter of the 1 Ith July, his Lordship in-
sists upon ou'-suiremler of the district between -he
St. John and the highland west of that river, and,
\\ ithoitt dtscr-uise, declares that he wants it ljor no
other jii'ij ose than, as a bovndoiyThis, permit
me to sn*-, is the very reason why it should never
have yielded. These highlands were our
natural boundary, as well as oar trea'y boundary;
and we oueht never to have Mi-rendered them into
the hands' of the only formidable enemy we can
e'er have on thi-- continent.
Hip ptv.li-tion oi hi-, Loulship, that there would
be abetter -hance of succcss by conference than
bv correspondence, was very soon veufied. In
four shon days, these persona! conference- pro-
duced a wonderful effect. On the 15th July, 1812,
Air Webster proposes to the commissioners of
Maine and Massachusetts the lines of the present
treaty urires them in the strongest terms to surren-
der the western highland boundary of Maine to
England; proposes to pay them out of the treasury
