Aug. 1842.
APPEJMD1X TO TUB COMUlUSSSiOJNAL GLOBE.
109
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Buchanan.
Senate.
nothing else. Without access to New Brunswick
and the city of St. John through the river, the
value of our cession to her on the upper St. John
would have been .greatly diminished; and she could
not in conscience ask a right of navigation through
our territory, which she was unwilling to grant
through her own.
But again. Even if we had ceded no territory to
England on the upper St. John, how could the right
to navigate this river be considered as anything
more than an equivalent for a right of way over
our territory between New Brunswick and Canada1!
But we have not merely granted to her this right of
way; but all the territory on both sides of it, extend-
ing from the St. John and St. Francis, north to the
treaty highland boundary.
But once more. This grant of the free naviga-
tion of the St. John is equally advantageous (to
say the least) to New Biunswick as to Maine.
The timber oi that province on the St. John and its
tributary streams has been nearly exhausted; and
the timber of Maine is now necessary, to enable
the people of New Brunswick and the city of St.
John to carry on their profitable lumber trade with
the mother country and her colonies. The privi-
lege of transporting it down that river would have
been cheerfully granted without any treaty, because
England never neglects her interest; and yet this
privilege is converted into an equivalent for yield-
ing to Great Britain bstweeufour and five millions
of acres of our territory.
Away with such pretences. They are nothing
more than mere flimsy apologies for the disgrace
of an unqua'ified surrender of our territory to
British dictation. They are the miserable pretexts
under color of which it is expected that this dis-
graceful treaty shall escape from public indigna-
tion.
There is one fact strictly in character with this
whole transaction, which deserves special notice.
It is this: that, under the terms of the treaty, we
have solemnly bound ourselves to Great Britain
that we shall pay to our own States of Maine and
Massachusetts the expenses of their civil posse
and their survey, and also the three hundred thou-
sand dollars in consideration of iheir assent to the
new line of boundary. On the face of the treaty,
then, these two States have been restored to the
protection of England, so far as the payment of this
money is concerned. England, under the treaty,
would be bound to demand and enforce its pay-
ment against the United States; and thus we have
placed in the hands of a foreign nation the power
to interfere in behalf of two States ot this Union
against their own Federal Government. Lord
Ashburton himself thus construed the treaty; be-
cause, on the 9:h August, he addressed a note to
Mr. Webster, asking him to state that the British
Government should incur no responsibility on ac-
count of this engagement; and to this Mr. Web-
ster assented.
Now, sir, I know full well that neither Maine
nor Massachusetts would ever have invoked, under
any circumstances, the interposition of the British^
Government to compel that of the United States'
to pay this money; but yet, on the face of the treaty,
their right to pursue such a course is apparent.
This treaty will be bound up in collections of
treaties, without the accompanying correspondence,
and the disgraceful fact will appear, without any
explanation, that we have bound ourselves to Eng-
land that we shall observe good faith towards two
of the members of our own confederacy In order
that we may appear fail npon the lecord, I shall,
at the proper time, move to strikeout this stipula-
tion, wnich ought'never to have been inserted in
the treaty; and leave these States in form, as well
as in fact, to their remedy against the General
Government. I cannot anticipate any opposition
to such a motion.
Before I leave this branchofthe subject, permit
me to reinaik that 1 disclaim any imputation of mi-
proper-motives to the commissioners ot Maine m
regard to their conduct. On the con'rarv, ] enter-
tain the highest respect tor one and all ot them,
They have Iven led on, step by step, to the con-
summation at which they arrived; when I firmly
believe that, if the proposition to which they finally
gave their reluctant conditional assent had b:en
presented to.them at the first, in all its naked
deformity, they would have repelled it as an ingulf
to the patriotic and gallant State ol which they
were the honored representatives.
I have now rcached the Northwestern boundary
question; which is, by far, the most dangerous and
important question between • the two nations.
When Lord Ashburton arrived in this eountiy,
as the harbinger of peace, declaring himself to
have been chaiged with full powers to negotiate
and settle all mutters in discussion between the Uni-
ted States and England, we had every reason to be-
lieve that thebonndary question, in its whole extent,
both in the northeast and the northwest, would have
beeu finally adjusted by the negotiators. In con-
sequence of this confident expectation, my friend
from Missouii [Mr. Linn] ceased to urge his bill
to establish a Territorial Government in Oregon
upon the attention of the Senate, lest it might in-
juriously interfere with the pending negotiations.
But what has been the catastrophe'! Our North-
western boundary not only forms no part of the
treaty, but is not even mentioned or alluded to in
the correspondence. We have a correspondence
on the case of the Cieole, on the ease of the Caro-
line, and on the doctrine of impressment; but Mr.
Webster has never addiessed aline to Loid Ash-
burton against the encroachments of Great Britain
on that vast region of our territory west of the
Rocky Mountains. The only allusion which has
been made to the tubject, is in the President's mes-
sage transmitting the treaty to-the Senate. He
merely stalesthat, "after sundry informal commu-
nications with the British minister upon the sub-
ject ofthe claims of the two countries to territory
west of the Rocky Mountains, so little probability
was found to exist of coming to any agreement
upon that subject at present, that it was not thought
expedient to make it one of the subjects of formal
negotiation, to be enteied upon between this Gov-
ernment and the British minister, as part of his
duties under his special mission."
"It was not thought expedient to make it one of
the subjects of formal negotiation We shall not,
then, even enjoy the miserable privilege of the
vanquished;—by all our sacrifices, we have not even
purchased our peace. In all human probability,
this question will never now be settled without a
war, or without a surrender to Great Britain of the
whole Oiegon Territory north of the Columbia
river; and i' is even doubtful whether her lust of
dominion will be satisfied whh such a concession.
Nay, more; we have not even pmchased a moment-
ary" tranquillity; because the danger is impending,
and before the close of the next session of Congress
we shall pi obably determine to lake possession oi this
territory. In that event.it will be almost impossible
to pi event collision between 'he tv.o powers m this
remote region.
If "so tittle probability was found to exist of
coming to any agreement on that subject at ptes-
ent,'' what ground is there for hope in the future';
If Great Entaiii, \ihen undei the pies-are ot two
expensive and disa.-trous v.ais in Asia, wnha lev-
enue inadequate to her expenditures, and a popula-
tion on the very verge of rebellion—and this, too,
at the moment she was eagerly intent on territorial
acquisition from us in Maine—-asserted claims so
unreasonable to our territory on theColumbia as to
remove all probability that they could be adjusted,—
what can wc expect hereafter, having surrendered
the vantage ground! Thepiospect ahead is in-
deed gloomy." It matters not that onr title i-, cleai,
for it is not clearer than it was to the disputed ler-
ritoiyiu Maine. It matters not that both by dis-
covery and by cession we are entitled to ail the re-
gion watered by the Columbia and lis tributaries.
Great Britain has fixed her heart upon it, and
will now never peaceably abandon it. unless undei
the pressuie of future misfortunes, fine has al-
ready taken permanent possession of the eotinitv
north of the liver, through the agency of the Hud-
son Bay Fur Company. She has established
loits, built ships, cultivated tin soil, introduc-d
domestic animals, erected mills, and done every-
thing to indicate thai she means never to abandon
it. She has Ions been in the exclusive enjoy-
ment of the valuable fur-trade of these regions,
and has by this means acquired an influence over
the Indians, which would enable her nt anvmoment
again to let them loose upon our defenceless fi i n-
tiers. Besides, the mouth of ihe Columbia is em
of those commanding commercial positions, which
it has ever been her policyto acquire—peaceably if
she could, but forcibly if she must. And yet we
are told by the President that it was not thought
expedient'to make this one ofthe subjects of the
late negotiation '
With what irresistible power might Mr, Web ter
have urged upon Lord Ashburton the settlement of
our Northwestern boundary! lie might have said
to him, "You came here as the messenger of peace,
to settle all the questions |in dispute between us.
I have consented, on your urgent solicitation, that
none of these questions shall be adjusted, except
that of the boundary between the two nations. But
shall we not settle the whole boundary^ Is it rea-
sonable or just that we should surrender to you all
you desire on the northeast, whilst you refuse
even to enter into any negotiation for the settlement
of the boundary on the northwest"* You say that
permanent peace and friendship between the two
nations is your heart's desire; why, then, leave a
question unsettled, which contains within itself the
germs which may produce war at no distant period?
This is a question of much greater importance to
the two nations, and consequently of a much more
dangerous character, than that in relation to the
Northeastern boundary. If, therefore, you will '
have the Northeastern boundary established accord-
ing to your wishes, we must also insist that the
Northwestern boundary shall be defined. This is
the only security which either nation can possess
for permanent peace and good neighborhood. The
settlement of the one question shall be the eondi-
tion ofthe settlement ofthe other." Instead of this,
we have given to England all she demanded on
the northeast, where we are the granger power;
and left the boundary unsettled on the northwest,
where we are the weaker. We have failed to
take advantage of the most propitious moment
which has ever occurred for adjusting this dan-
gerous question on fair and honorable terms; and
I fear we are destined to reap the bitter fruits of
our own folly.
Besides, by dividing that portion of the territory
of Maine with England, simply because England
persisted in declaring that it was disputed territory,
(although every Senator will admit there was no
serious cause for dispute,) we have established a
precedent under which she will be emboldened to
make equally unreasonable demands upon us in
the northwest. With nations, as with individuals,
oh^ta princijnis is a wise maxim. Resist the first
encroachments with manly firmness, and future at-
tempts will not be made. Above all other nations,
this is true in regard to England, who, in her for-
eign policy, has never failed to make one conces-
sion the ground of demanding another. You can
never propitiate her by yielding. A determined
spirit and a bold front are necessary to obtain from
her both respect and justice.
But what will be the effcct of concluding a treaty
with England, in wh.ch no mention has been made
of our nghteous claim to the territory west of the
Rocky Mountains, of which she now enjoys the pos-
session, especially when there has been no assertion,
of our right m the course of the correspondence1? I
shall purposely waive the discussion of this branch
ot the subject, with the single remark—-that this cir-
cumstance must operate to our prejudice m any fu-
ture negotiation. In any view ot the subject, it was
the duty of Mr. Webster to have insisted upon the
settlement of this question, and to have demonstra-
te.! our light, not only to the territory washed by
the wa'crs of theColumbia, but to the parallel of
5440' north latitude, jn that clear and forcible
manner toi which he is distinguished when advo-
cating the cause of truth and justice. Had this
course been puisued, Me should at least have been,
presented with the present views ofthe British Gov-
ernment in regaid to the nature and extent of their
claim. If nothing more could have been obtained,
ve michl have had a cor lespor-idence on the sub-
ject, v Inch would have shown to the people of this
country what would be the probable conduct of
England hereafter. Being thus forewarned, we
might have been forearmed. But we are now left
eniTrelv m the dark as to the nature of her preten-
sions. " We have received no intimation of the
characte: of ''the sundry informal communica-
tions with the British minister on the subject," to
which the President alludes; and, like all the other
persona) conferences between the negotiators, they
are buiied in oblivion, without any written memo-
rial to mark their character
I have thus concluded all I had intended to say
noon this ueaty. I cannot vote for its ratification
without doing violence to my own conscience and
mr most cherished principles. Nor am I to be
driven from my propriety by the diead of war. I
do not apprehend that war would be the conse-
quent of our refusal to ratify this treaty. Lord
Ashburton himself has everywhere alluded to
another arbitration as the alternative of a failure
of success in the negotiations, If another arbitej
