110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE?
Jan. 1843.
27th Comg.--.SD SESSS.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
II. of Reps.
should eyen make an award as unfavorable to this
country as the terms of the present treaty—an event
which I should not anticipate-—still we could sub-
mit to his award without forfeiting our own self-
respect. There would have been no national deg-
radation in submitting to the award of the King of
the Netherlands; but very different is the case
when we ourselves surrender to England even more.
than he had bestowed upon her, after having, for so
many years, resisted this award.
But suppose war should be the inevitable result''
There is one calamity still worse than even war
itself; and that is, national dishonor. The volun-
tary restoration to Great Britain of any portion of
the sacred soil "of the old thirteen," which they had
wrested from her dominion by the war of inde-
pendence, without any corresponding equivalent in
territory, is an event "without a parallel in our past
history; and 1 trust in Heaven that our future an-
nals may never be disgraced by a similar occur-
rence. We might have yielded this with honor, in
obedience to the award of a sovereign arbiter, chosen
unjer the provisions of the tieaty of Ghent; but we
can never yield it, without'nationaJ disgrace, to the
imperious demand of that haughty power. In ex-
pressing myself thus independently, I am far, very
far, from intending to impeach the motives of Sen-
ators who are friendly to the treaty. I know and
appreciate the parity and patriotism of their inten-
tions, and sincerely regret that my own sense of
duty compels me to differ so widely from them.
SPEECH OF MR. REYNOLDS,
of illinois.
In the House of Representatives, January 30, 1843—
On the occupation and settlement of the Oregon
Territory.
Mr. Chairman: Thefubject immediately before
the committee is my proposition to appropriate mo-
ney for a military survey of the route from the
Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river, to the mouth
of the Columbia river. In the discussion of this
Mibjeet, the right of the Government to the Oregon
Territory, and the propriety of occupying and
settling it, must be considered. It would be ri-
diculous to make a survey to a country that did
unuea Stales.
I am clearly satisfied that no part or section of
the Union can be claimed and held with a mere
complete and perfect tide than the Oregon Territo-
ry. The right and title of the United Stales to this
Territory can be maintained and established on
such a permanent basis, that I never read or heard
the least dcubt expressed by any American to the
contrary. All (he public functionaries of the coun-
try, from the days of Jefferson to the present time
and all (he statesmen, no muter to what particu-
lar political party they may belong, have all, with-
out one dissenting voice, agreed on this proposi-
tion—that the Oregon Territory, of right, is a part
and parcel of the (Jailed State*,
On theihe 11,h of May, 1792, Captain Robert
wray, of Boston, in the command of the ship Co-
lumbia, was the first civilized white man, with his
ship's crew, who entered the Columbia river. He
named the river "Columbia," in honor of his ship.
1 he whole civilized world, wuh one accord, grant
the honor lo this enterprising Yankee at.d bis com-
panions oi being !he first actual di.cuverers of the
Oregon Various navigatois may have coasted
along the northwest coa^t of America, and have
seen the land from ihc-r ships long before the dis-
covery of Captain Gray; bu. none premend to have
entered the Columbia river, or lo hav.- taken pos-
session of the country, before the llih of Mav,
1792. Thin discovery alone, without any other
tille whatever, would, according to the taws of na-
tions as recognised by the highest labials m
the untied S'ites, give to the Government a
perfect right to all the country watered b> the Co-
lumbia river. In addition to ihis tille, which of
itself u valid, we have all the right and title which
both France and Spam had to this same country.
And either of the claims of the abovemeniioned na-
tions is infinitely better than the vague and uncer-
tain pretensions set up, of only recent date, by
Great Britain to the Oregon Territory
By the cession of Louisiana, the United Sta'es
obtained all the right and title which either Prance
or Spam ever had to the country is question. The
treai^ of Uirecht, which was lati&ed between
France and Great Britain :n the year 1713, estab-
lished the permanent boundary between the posses-
sions of the two nations on the west of the Mis-
sissippi, which was a line from the Lake of the
Woods, extending indefinitely west on the 49ih
degree of noith latitude. In this tieaty, there was
no agreement that ibis boundary line was to stop at
the Rocky Mountains, and thus to leave the coun-
try west of the mountains subject to future contro-
versy to settle the boundaries. The plain common-
sense meaning of ihis treaty is, that this lme, run-
ning west on the 49th degree of north la'itude from
the Lake of the Woods, must be extended to the
Pacific ocean, and thereby separating the posses-
sions of Great Britain on the norlh from those of
Prance on the south. On ihe cession of Louisiana
by France, the United States became a party to the
treaty of Uirecht, and hold the countxy extending
to the Pacific <c an on the south of the 49tb degree
of latitude, in as ample manner as Fiar.ce pos-
sessed the came.
By the treaty of ihe 22J February, 1819, be-
tween Spain and the Uniieq States, the boundary
line was established from the Arkansas river, on
laliiude 42 degrees north, extending west to the
ocean; Spain relinquishing all her claim to the ter-
ritory north of this line to the United States, and
reserving the country south to herself. The Mexi-
can Government, in a subsequent treaty, recog-
nised ihe said boundary line, which is ihe unques-
tioned boundary of the United States on the south.
In 1803, Thomas Jefferson, the President of the
United States, recommended to Congress un explo-
ration of ihe Oregon Territory to the Pacific ocean;
and on his recommendation, an act of Congress
was pa?red for this object; the result of which wa?,
the celebrated expedition of Lewis and Clarke over
this country to ihe ocean in 1804 and 1805. The
country was taken and possessed by tbe United
Stales,"without any murmur or complaint to ihe
contrary by any othec.nation. The whole people
of ihe United States ana the "Government being-
fully convinced of the ownership of the Oregon Ter-
ritory, John Jacob Astor, knowing this fact, in
1811 made a settlement at the month of the Colum-
bu « tr, ,i,j  is in ^rateable possession of the
country, with the approbation of the United States;
when, in. 1813 the British Government dispossessed
him, and occupied the cojintry. On the 6th of Oc-
tober, 1818, under the provisions of the treaty of
Ghent, the Government of Great Britain, in the
most formal mas.ner, on the premises, delivered the
cour.tiy to the agent of the United Slates. In per-
forming Ihis solemn and official act of the British
Government, Ibcre is not one word of reservation
or mention of the claim of that Government to the
Oregon Territory.
Mr. Chairman, all thsse facts, and many more
which I have not enumerated, csia:>lishine, conclu-
sively, Ihe right and title of the Uniied'Slates lo
'J1'5, Terntoiy, being known to the public officers of
the Government, they have all unanimously arrived
at the conclusion, that the Oregon Ttrritory is an
integral part of the Union. Not only have all the
Presidents, including Jefferson, down to the present
time, who have mentioned the subject, but also all
the oiher high functionaries of the Government
together wilh the reports of various intelligent
coaimutff? of Congress, with one accord, agreed
on this subject; but Coegress itself, by a solemn
act, m 1803, aphorizing ihe expedition of Lewis
and Clarke to explore this country, has- expressed
the opinion of the nation on this subject, and such
opinion as ihe people will most cheerfully maintain
even uuto war, if necessary. '
No other nation except "the English claim any
right or title whatever to the Oregon Territory
&nd they have only, within a few years, set up their
claim, without any shadow of right.
The settlement of the country by Astor and
other enterprising citizens of the United States, ex-
cited the cupidity and jealousy of ihe British; and
then, and not before, we bear of ihe first English
claim to this country.
It is true, that our Government, by the conven-
tion of 1818, agreed wtth Great Britain, "that any
counliy that may be claimed by either party on the
northwest coast of America, westward of the Stooy
Mountains, shab, together with its harbors, bays,
and creeks, and ihe navigation of all rivers within
the same, be fiee and open, for ihe term of ten
years from tbe date of the signature of the present
convention, to the vessels, citizens, and subjects of
tbe two powers: it being well understood that this
agreement is not to be construed to tbe prejudice of
any ciaim which either of the contracting parties
may have to any of tbe said country." By a sub-
sequent convention, ihe term of ten jears was in-
definitely extended, with ihe provision that either
party, on giving to the other twelve months' no-
tice, might annul the agreement.
Under this treaty, the British Government, by
the agency of the Northwest Fur Company, have
taken possession of the whole country, and now
occupy it by various forts, plantations, and almost
a'l the improvements that are to be found in any
well-regulated community.
The following is from the journal of Mr Spald-
ing, who passed from the Mississippi to the mouth
of the Columbia, in 1837, with h:s wife: "Doctor
McLaughlin's farm is the largest on the Columbia
river, and ptoduced last year 4,500 bushe-ls of
wheat, 4,000 bushels of peas, 1,700 bushels of
barley, 1,500 bushels of oats; potatoes not gath-
ered; corn but little; horned cattle, 750; swine, 400;
with from 200 to 300 horses. He has a saw-mill
and a flouring-mili " This is but one single estab-
lishment in the Oregon Territory, amongst many
others that I might mention; which will show to
what extent the country is occupied by a power
without the least shadow of right whatever. A great
number of forts is established throughout the coun-
try, and garrisoned with adequate forces.
The Northwest Company, under the patronage
of ihe British Government, has not only monopo-
lized the whole trade of this region of country, and
occupied it to ihe exclusion of the Americans,
but has extended over it a kind of Territorial
Government by the officers and power of tbe Fur
Company. Not content with this limited Govern-
ment, an act of Parliament was'pa'ssed in the reign
of George IV, extending ihe jurisdiction of the
courts of Canada over the territory of Oregon.
One encroachment sf;er another is going on in
such rapid succession in this lerritory, that we can
scarcely keep pace with them. Not only have the
American rights in soil and properly been shame-
fully abused and trampled under foot by the Brit-
ish Government, but more than one thousand of
our enterprising citizens, traders, ana trappers, have
been murdered by the English, through the instru-
mentality of tho Indians, whom they control.
Mr. Chairman, I have stated the prominent
leading facts on which tht nation calls aloud for
attion. Are we so craven and recreant in spirit,
that we will rtmain quiet and see England rob us
of our acknowledged rights? or are we wanting in
patriotism and courage to defend our soii? We
arc compelled lo act, or lose the country. If we
yield to British audacity and usurpa'ion, in Ihe
case of the Oreg n Terriiory, where will it stop?
Has Great Britain any bounds to her corrupt am-
bition? She would be pleased, above all things
to check the growing power of ihe United Slates'
and to humble under her feet the stars and stripes
of Ibis Republic. Great Britain despises and hates
the United States with the same fierce malignity
which actuated her in the Revolutionary war
against the Americans. That proud nation, to this
day, considers us her rebels, and that the United
States of right ought to be a pan and parcel of the
British empire, tier orators and public journals
&t the seat of Government proclaim aloud that
_ the Republic of the Umied States is an experiment
in Governme&t ihal cannot succeed. The people
(they say) have not virtue or intelligence suffi-
dent to maintain fr?6 slid ssif-government."
But look at the sets of the British Government
towards us, which speak louder than words. Com-
pare her official conduct with that of other natiens
hi regard to the United States. Is there any na-
tion who encroaches on our territory, murders our
citizens, liberates the slaves of the United Slates
or impresses our seamen, but England? What
nation, except Great Britain, woald dare to ex-
cite its subjects, and the fanatics of the United
States, to liberate the slaves is theSouthern States?
