Jan. 184S.
27th Comg«---3d Ses.s.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
The Oi egon Bill—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
And yet, strange to say, there is a class ot p-:op'e
in tbe United States, knowing all these facts,
still friendly to Great Britain and the British
Government. These people call the Engluh their
dear kindred, speaking the same language, and en-
joying the same religion. They hail England as
the mother country; which same unnatural mother
has been trying for generations past to enslave
and destroy her American children. Some of these
Anglo-American children are io base and recreant
in principle, that they would wilhrgly sacrifice
their rights and liberties as freemen to the domin-
ion of the dear mother country, Tnese rascals
ought to be whipped naked round the world.
Mr. Chairman, delay to assert and maintain our
rights m the Oregon Territoiy with such a nzdion,
wilt secure the txclusive possession of the territory
to England. A delay oil this subject will either
lose us the territory, or we will be forced to wrest
it out of British hands by war, sh- uld England
compel us to defend the Otegon Territory by force
of arms. We dare not permit ihat nation to wrest
from us any the smallest porti n of the territory.
No American will ever lay down hK arms, while
any hostile invader remains on the soil ot freemen.
Is it not better, therefore, to interpose ihe friendly
remedy of timily possession, than to be forced, at a
subsequent day, to take the country at the muzzle
of ihe cannon?
If we had the joint possession of this territory with
any other nation on the globe, inac ion might not
be fatal. But what can we expect from England?
After a controversy for fifty or sixty years with
this nation, for a portion of our soil m the con-
stitutional limits of Maine, we lost it. No man in
the Union believes that England had any right to
toe territory on the Northeastern boundary, which
she hai acquired from the United States in ihe late
treaty. Sne was determined to have a road to
connect her provinces together, and she bullied the
United States out of it. She presented to the na-
tion war, or a cession of the territory; and the
Americans tamely consented to the latter. "Dis-
cretion is the better part of valor." War with
England, or a ratification of the treaty, weie the
alternatives presented; and the latter was agreed
to. Is not this a lesson on the Oregon question?
At any time wi-hm the las', fifty years, we might
have settled the Norr.eastern boundary question
on ihe same terms as it was adjusted in the late
treaty. That haughty, ovv-rttarmg Government
yielded nothing, but held on with the same na-
tional pertinacity, the same bullying disposition,
that has distinguished her character for ages psst,
until ihe American Cenate, in direct violation to
the will of the peopie, consented to the unjust p.e-
tensions of England, and ratified a treaty that is
condemned by thret-loutlhs of me people. Can
■we expect to adjust the Oiego.1 question by neto-
tiatioa with England? Can we expea anytntrg
from her on fair ar.d honorsbic principles? or can
we anticipate justice from a Government that will
murder and destroy oar sick and wounded prison-
ers, which was done in the la e. war? This is ihe
same nation iha<, without any ju.>tcaiue whatever,
has overrun and plundered a great pan of Asia—
has subdued China, and compelled that v.ittched
and miserable lace of men to pay England mil-
lions and millions for whipping them. Can we
pi ct the Oregon to be ivsioicd to us by such a na-
tion, on honorable prmcpies?
Mi. Chairman, Kokand has co. qjeted, pos-
sessed, and colonized, vastly more teintori' on this
globe m«;n any othsr natun. Her rtf-.vy is s. rm-.t
eaiLipoient, and her po. er by si a and land is tne
most gigantic that ever existed en earth. She pos-
sesses, a;.'1: luo o:ve; her imperial dominion, a great
portion of Noitl, Amine-.. 81k owns grtatposse.-
s.ons m the West Indie', fronting ihe United btate.-;
and btr teiritcry (rjetcaj-oA ihe north ot the Union
from the Athnoe to the Rocky mountains Now she
demands the Oregon Territory, so that her pos-
sessions may be continuous and complete from the
Atlsmic to the Pacific ocean ; and she has t~e
unhallowed wickedness to believe her power will
secure it n. her.
The Ore,'on Territory wottld_ be to England ?
grand acquisition. It would, ia the first plac,
cramp and circumscribe the growth and power ox
the United States, and add in the same proportion
to her power, as it would detract from that of the
Ur.ited State?-. By possessing the Oregon, and
planiing a eolony m it, England would regulate
and contiol the trade and commerce, not only on
ihe northwest coast of America, but that also of
the Pacific ocean and the East Indies. God forbid
that any American should ever see England in the
exclusive possession of the Oregon Territurj! This
territory is in a critical situation. It is almost in
the deadly grasp cf the general and universal
robber of nations. It is like Daniel in the den of
lions; an-.i I hope and pr.'y that the stune heavenly
power that saved Daaiel m olden times, may also
save Orejen. Is it not light, in this peiiloussit-
ua'ion, when our own soil is wilum the grasp of
unhallowed pover, to stretch out the strong arm
of the nation, and save the victim from British
violation? Caa any American, whose heart glows
with the love ot cour.liy, remain quiei, ar.d see
any nation rob him of his right-? if the United
Sistes are reduced in patnonsm, and na ionai
honor to seen degradation, as not to defend their
ova toil fiom 8ri Mi usurpation, and British au-
dacity, they are unworthy to he considered any
longer a nation of fieemen. We hope for better
things wuhout despondency.
Mr. Chaiiinan, it will violate ro tieaty or con-
vention to occupy the Oregon Territory with half
a million of people; if ihst number should be
sent there, if nec-tsarj, to keep possession against
the exclusive occupation of England.
The same honorable sentiment and love of jus-
tice which would induce the Americans to defend
their own lights, would cautf them to beexyctand
scrupulous in ihe ibaervance of all treaties and
conventions who other nations. No one indi-
vidual ii the win Is lingth and breadth ot this con-
federacy would impair, in the slightest degree, any
agreement made with England; L-ut certainly ihat.
naticn cannot complain of our performing >.  ihe
Oregon Territory what they their.'.'Ives have done.
They have occupied .-rd g?rii;or.t'd the country;
they have planted a colony m it; they have made
improvement, if various descriptions, and have in
it plantations, mdls, sUiclt, &c. They have not
only ths government of ihe Northwest Company
extended over t! e country; but the Parliament i f
England has also embrace.! the country within
the jwns.'icuon ot Canada. v«'h u ciue st i.bout
their cur.plan-'s, if we do justice to tirui? The
United S ates having'been visited bv so many un-
kind and hortile acts fiotn them, will c.re hut lit-
tle about their l>rja.-i rornpla.fl's. Tin- Ameiicans,
in doing justice, ought to cure hot little io ofle; d
England. Can it be -iiiius y contended thatthi
United £ dies dare not occupy and settle the Ore-
ton 'iVrriiory, because it may offend Line land?
Til.s; ii foal staudtr on the Ameixan enaifc:?r.
Til'-y dftie do in eouru-\e whtit is v-i-hm aie power
r-f r.inri to petlofro. "Aih; Aiinnea; s me people
v.-ting and energetic; 1 now th.-ii iig'it; and r'aie
defend them, no m.-.ller what notion nay be of-
fended.
Ii is no viol-'ti u of the convei'it n tortbe United
States lo er.courcg ■ emigration to die Oiegon Ter-
ritory. There ii no prohibit.>-n as to the iiUitibe,1
of Amercers who mr.j occupy and s---ttlo the coun-
try. Mil.taiy no is —ay he e. laHi-.hed m i!, and the
coun'ry e!d, u d ].; pro cu—as wt- see >s oone by
Eiig'.-.nd Ne ther it a..y iutr cii' n of the a«re.-'-
riient made ii' f8IS. b-ivvjeu G e.-' B'.i.nn a d
the United S-iites, ro gimt lands n actoa1 se tlr -a
m die Oiegon. i he count'} :s "flee n 1 o-pt n" 'o
•he suhjecis and citizens of the avo nowers, jo
that me rieidt^ if the Americans w ucn iuO^
have to (ccepyana t oss^ss 'tie country, way be
co.ifi'ii'f-J bygiaiitof lands enbivc.n'-' tnen pos-
Possessn n of lttih, a g< od tide ap'-dnst
unlawful xti'rueions, and v/iuch j,u;see;
die Uni-
itd Sia'es we uld be bound to p.otect.
Mr. Cbwmao, it i* impossible for ihe inhabit-
ant* 01 Oregon to iX.it in the air. Ttiev must oc-
cupy a space on the mother earth. This is e
nght—'o exist and have a place on earth—..n
Ame.ican cittzru, under 'he Hons'iinm n anu !i-.v.-
o! the countiy, enjojs throughout the Onion. Ii is
aiso his right iu Oregon, because the convenni a
gives it to him, a d because the couatry is an in-
tegral pan of the Union. Possessing this right of
location and occupation of the soil, <he Govern-
ment giving the settler a donation of the land em-
bracing his location and settlement, neither adds
to nor diminishes his possession of ihe soil. His
possession is the same, and Eng'and has no grounds
of complaint. What right has she to judge, or
complain,if the United States have, or have not, the
power to make grants of land ia Otegon to actual
setiler*? This is a private matter between the Uni-
ted Siates ancf her own citizens, and no other na-
tion has any power or righ. to interfere in our do.
mestic relations. Have we any right to interfere
in English affairs, and restore to the people of that
country their rights, of which the Government has
deprived them? I may add, moreover, that Eng-
land cannot complain of the United States giving
away Us own soil, as the convention is express
that the rights of the parties shall remain as they
were before the convention was made; and, in that
case, England has no right whatever to one inch
of the Oregon Territory.
Mr. Chain-nan, I concave it our bounden duly,
on various considerations, to occupy and settle the
Oregon Territory at the present time. Can the
United States ignominiously abandon her rights and
territory to EtigLnd? and will it not promote the
national honor and character of the country, to oc-
cupy and settle the Territory of Oregon? I con-
sider the United States the asylum for the oppress-
ed of all nations. Th s great Republic was not
created for the few people who were in it at the Rev-
olution, nor for the few who are now in it, in com-
parison to the hundreds of millions of souls who
will hcreaftei exist m it. Am ! not warranted in
tUc^e temems by the unparalleled increase of
popuiatiau in the United S ates, and the unbound-
ed prosperity and happiness of the inhabitants
since the Revolution? Our population in 1790 was
3,929,827; and, i.j 1840, 17,068,666. This in-
cnas--of 13,138,839 in fifty years, will astonish
the world, and force the most incredulous to be-
lieve that this Republic is under the benign influ-
ence of riovidei.ce. If the people of the United
States continue virtuous, intelligent, and energetic,
as they have been—and I see no reason to doubt
it—in fifty years more what will be tbe population
of the Untor,? At least fifiy millions of souls will
cxM in the Usi'od States in 1890. Will they not
require the extension of the country from ocean to
oct an for their comfortable existence? Is it not
our duly to do all in cur power for posterity?
Whit did the fathers of the Revolution do for us?
We iriheritid ficm tl.eci the finest country cn the
globe, and the principles of free government, im-
bed,ed in a Constitution which is the greatest work
of mtn; and arc we to do nothing for posterity in
re'urn?
It is conceded that ihe. republican form of gov-
ernment of ths United Stales will operate much
belter over a larsc territory than a small one. Our
reprew nlatiye Government will never be so per-
manent and oc-lid as when it is extended from the
Atlantic to ihe Pacific. If I were permitted to in-
duce m spi-cuiat'o!. ■ and opinions, I would say, in
1890 ihe Uui.ed Slates will possess the greater
portion of North Anterea, It will embrace the
Brri'-ti po.-sessiorts cn the Norlh; and our friend
tbe Te*;>n Government would, by its own consent,
compo-..'- a part of the South. We would then see
a rifti e ind h?ppy population from the Atlantic to
th>- Paci'ic, and the seat of the National Govern-
mei't in the centre. La>ge citits would then ex-
is-', on tbe Pacific Ocean; and a commerce on it
nearly equal io ih.it on tbe Atijuti'-. This is, in
my opinion, ihe onward match of the United
S F.tes'to h;-r high destiny, which no foreign nation
can arrest.
Ttse < ccupa'ion and settlement of the Oregon
Territory viiii siieatly ailvar.ee the immediate in-
teiest ot the Ueitcd Scales, Ali me rich furs from
the Missouri to the Pacific oce^n are monopolized
by England. Trie Northwest Fur Company im-
port the.r goods direct irem London to the month
i f Co'na'iM rver, f*e.- of duty; and therefore can
n i-"seii 'be Anifiican-', wh" pay duty on their
nu rcna' (h1 e. Thi< company—which is so power-
fi-i 'u numbers, and organization—expels
from the country all the Americans who dare to
