112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBE;
Jan. 184S.
27"th Cong----3d Sags,
The Exchequer—Mr. PFinthrop.
H. of Reps.
compels with it in the Indian trade. Thus it has
almost monopolized the whole- trade.
This same foreign company, with its power and
influence, is capable of controlling almost the
•whole Indian population in North America. This
. company is part and parcel of the British Govern-
ment, and possesses an increased share of the Brit-
ish hatred to the United States. With its power
over the Indians, and with their sincere and hearty
hatred to the United States, it could, in a very
short time, array in war against this Government
almost all the Indians in Norih America. Fifty or
sixty thousand Indian warriors England could pre-
cipitate on tbe frontiers of the United States, ex-
tended as they are, at one and the same time! Tbis
statement is not idle speculation, but it is fact. Is
not this a powerful reason to induce the United
States to occupy the country, and thereby save the
frontiers from the fury of these savaged
/ Mr. Chairman, other commerce, as well as the
/ Indian trade, will be benefited by the occupa-
I tion of the Oregon Territory. Our commerce wan
| the East Indies, Peru, Chili, and the western part
! of Mexico, will all be advanced and improved.
'■ That brave and enterprising class of men engaged
in the whale fisheries would then have a station
on the Northwest coast of America, where they
could repair their vessels, and obtain necessaries to
enable them to prosecute their business with more
vigor and advantage to themselves. This aid from
i the Government is due this hardy race of men.
Every possible inducement seems to me to exist to
cause the United States to occupy and settle the
Oregon without delay. Hundreds and thousands
of the hardy pioneers of the Wes'ern country, and
1 others, ate ready to erabaik in this enterprise, if
they are protected ai,d sustained by the Govern-
\ ment.
\These emigrants would be sober, induatru us,
atfd virtuous citizens—not that wrcichtd, reeldass -
class of people who are willing to expatriate them-
selves, and abandon the biessir.gs ol free govern-
ment tor lawless anarchy. They would still re-
main on their own soil, and flourish under the pro-
ffiey would carry with them the Etbl*e"'the'p,"f'^-
and the ploughs-haie; and the country would pros-
per like other sections of the Union. The^e set-
tlers would anticipate ftom the Government what
others have recemd under similar circumstances
Ihey would exreet the country to be protects bv
military posts from the insults acd Uwless de,.re-
ditu ns oi the Indians. This protection is, at 'his
time extended to other sections of the Union
Such government ar,d laws as exU over oth<>r
similar sections of the United Slalrf, ihoul.i also
■ govern the Oregon Territory. The Territorial
Government of Iowa out,ht to be extended to the
Pacific ocean; and such laws of the Terutory of
Iow.i, and of ihs United States, as exist at this
Oregon" Te,ril0l'y! should also prevail m
One other inducement to emigrants granted bv
the Government, and the Ortgon is immediacy
occupied ami settled. A gram of six hundred and
tony acres ot lat,d to en-iy i-eiilrr who will re-
main en the land for livi- ye.it>,, v, ill be the >vatch-
woid for emigration to flow ml0 that teriitory in
such numbers, that the country will be deadly
populated m a few years. Ti„; Americans are a
land-loving ptople, and wid (l«fei,d it wi'h the
same ei ergy and courage which they use to ac-
quire it.
.these donation., of laud are ccmiion to be made
to the pioneers, of all new countries. The first vet-
tler  in all tir e Western country had donations" of
land ot some description made to them: and why
not to those who settle Oiegwi? All sHtieis in
Louisiana, at the cession of 1803, v.-no occupied
the soil, received G40 acres of land; and they were
at the cession,subjects of another Government Our
citizens emigrating to Oiegon, would have more
claim to the bounty of the Government, than the
subjects of the French Government in Louisiana
had who received these donations in 1803 AH
heads of families residing in the Illinois country
including Indiana and Michigan, in the year 1788'
had granted to them a donation of 400 acres of
land. And all militiamen who were in the same
country m 1791 had 100 acres granted to them.
These donations of 400 acres remained unloca-
tsd from 1788 to 1814, and then were received in
payment for lands sold at the sale of the public
lands.
Donations of the same character might be made
to those residing in the Oregon Territory, and per-
mit them to be located when the country is survey-
ed and brought into market. This would obviate
all difficulty with those who consider it improper
to make absolute grants at this time. All the
men under Lewis and Clarke received donations of
land for their meritorious services in the expedition
to the Pacific; and why not give the same to set-
tlers who will go and reside there?
Mr. Chairman,theseencouragements, tendered to
emigrants, together with the fiue country of Ore-
gon, will insure its speedy settlement. The conn-
try itself is enticing. It is the finest ciimate in the
United States. The temperature is more equal
than any other section, aLd of such mild character,
that winter is scarcely known. Live stock re-
m?in out all winter, and support themselves on
the grass. The country is also extremely healthy,
and in many parts very productive. All the
grain that grows in the United States also thrives
well m Oregon. The timber is large and abun-
dant, which is now a considerable article of expor-
tation by the Northwest Fur Company.
It is so manifestly just and right to ; ccupy and
settle the Oregon Territory, that I should consider
it my duty, representing the will of my constitu-
ent.'-', to urge this measure on the consideiation of
Congress on all proper occasions, until it is adopt-
ed. Should it fail at this cession, and I be honored
with a seai in ihe next Congress, I would continue
my effort?, humble as they may be, until the Ore-
gon is occupied and settled.
Although the temper and character of the Amer-
-tarrr people are for peace; and although the Airier--
lean form of Government is calculated to insure
that blessing; and although tWXTnited States have
no object on earth to induce them to go to war ~
against any nation,—yet England may foice the
Americans, for the third time, to tal;e up arms
against i!a«ii- Rwd inuotorste enemy. That Gov-
ernment forced us to be free in ihe revolutionary
war. She forced the United States, in the i'ie
war, to t ssume such a high stand in the republic
of nations as neither party anticipated; ai.d now
she may force the people of the United Stales imo
such rage and fury that English domini n will be
exrelled, root and branch, from North America
and all her possessions come under the Umkd
States Government. Although the Amer.can peo-
ple love honorable pe&c?, yet there is a deep-rooted
ha red resting in their breasts Bgninst the usuipa-
tionc and corrupt ambition of the British Govern-
ment, which could be excittd into a tempest that
would sweep everything before it.
Should England be so unwise anil so wicked as
to force the Americans into a third war with that,
canon, the youn? and t. rowing vigor of America
may sh,-ke the British empire to ihe centie. Oar
countiy is unbo; m?ed in resource:, and wealth*
while Ihe other is enfeebled with r.fi age, and op-
pressed with tyranny. On'j is W; while the
people of the other are laden down wiih dobts and
monarchy.
America can continue a war wiih England for
ages Under the pressure of «ar, the people would
unre m the defence of the country, and become in-
vincible. Anatmy of five bundled thousand sol-
diers could be maintained m the field; while s suf-
ficient population would remain at house to work
and carry on the business of the country, arid sus-
tain the war. All those nations whom the English
hold in bondage would cheerfully join the Ameri-
can standard, and be free. Toe Irish, the Asiatic,
and fne Omnese nations would bound with joy at
tr.e at rival of the happy day of their liberal,on
from British tyranny. The Canadians, our near-
est neighbors, would be the first to join the stars
and stripes, and taste the sweets of liberty. France
our natural ally, would join us against England;
and Ireland, being sustained by both France and
America, would be the first to take veBgear.ee on
England for the many crimes and oppressions
which she has inflicted on her, for many genera-
tions past.
These speculations may became sober realities,
if'England will continue to inflict on the Ameri-
cans those cruelties and crimes of which she has
been guilty, since the pilgrim fathers first landed
on the Plymouth rock. It is for England and other
nations to do justice to the Americans, and the
consequ'iace will be a peace of eternal duraiion.
Mr. Chairman: The distance from the Western
settlements to the Oregon is not so far as is gen-
erally supposed. It is about 650 miles from the
Council Bluffs, on the Missouri river, to the Rocky
Mountains, and 600 from the mountains to the Pa-
cific ocean It is very little more than 3.000 miles
from the tide water in the Potomac, to the tide
water of the Columbia river. The country from
St. Louis, Missouri, to the Rocky Mountains, is
level and easily traversed; and the mountains them-
selves present no great obstacles to travellers, who
cross them through the southern passes. In a few
years, when the route from the Western settle-
ments is better known, and more travelled, it will
not be more difficult to journey to the Oregon Ter-
ritory, than it was once to travel from the Missis-
sippt to Pailalelphia. Delicate females have al-
ready travelled from St. Louts to the Pacific, over
the mountains. 1 hope the subject of the occupa-
tion and the settlement of the Oregon Territory
may be seriou&ly considered by Congress, and
adopted at the present session.
SPEECH OF MR. WINTHROP,
of Massachusetts.
In the House, of Representatives, January 25, 1843.—
On the resolution of the Committee of Ways
and Means that the exchequer plan ought not to
be adopted.
It is with no little reluctance, Mr. Speaker, that I
enter into this debate. There is a well-remember-
ed proverb of Solomon, that "from the fulness of
the heart the mouth speaketh." I confess, sir, that
Lliavo no fulness of the hcart-to speak from, in re-
lation to the questions now before us. Thewhole
subject of the currency has been so perplexed and
embarrassed by the deplorable collisions which
have occurred between the President of the United
States and the Congress of the United States, that
no man can approach it without something of re-
pugnance and aversion.
In reference to this subject of the currency, in-
deed, we have been tossed to and fro on the waves
ot party contention for almost ten years. A year
or two -Since we were flattered with the belief that
we were coming at last to port; but the objects
which we took lor land, find, which were eagerly
and joyously hailed as such from the mast-head,
turned out to be only fresh reefs of rock across our
course; and we seem to be now as far as ever, or
even farther than ever, from the haven where we
would be. In the mean time, the subject itself, as
a matter of public discussion, has become "as stale
as the remainder biscuit after a voyage."
Questions, however, seem likely to be taken be-
foie this report and resolution are disposed of, upon
which any vote that one may give will be so ex-
ceedingly liable to misconstruction, that I cannot
consent to forego some explanations of my views.
Repeated challenges have been heard in this hall
for one man to rise in his place and say that he was
in favor of adopting the exchequer plan, as origi-
nally presented to us by the President of the United
states. I am not about to respond to these chal-
lenges, or to take up the gauntlet which has thus
been thrown down. But I greatly doubt both the
policy and propriety of passing the pending resolu-
tion; and if compelled to give my vote at all, that
vote will be m the negative.
Before pioeeeding, however, to any remarks upon
the resolution it elf, or upon the report by which it
is accompanied, I desire to present some general
views on the subject-matter involved in them.
Ariu, in the fiist place, sir, 1 wish to express the
strong sense which I entertain of the obligation
which is resting upon the Congress of the United
Mates, to make provision by law, in some form or
other and without further delay, for the collection
custody, and disbursement of the public moneys'
How is it with these moneys now1? Who knows
where they are to day, or where they will be to-
morrow'? Who knows how they are collected
how they are kept, how they are disbursed1? Who
