Jan. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IIS
27in Cong. •* 3d Sbbs.
The Exchequer—Mr. Winthrcp.
H. of Reps.
treasuries, in the sense in which this phrase has
lately been used; bat that this Government ought
not in any case to provide a system of its own, for
keeping its own moneys, for managing its own
finances, and for maintaining and regulating a
national currency for itself and the people, I cer-
tainly ain not prepared to say. Why, sir, let me
suppose a case. Suppose that the first bank char-
ter which was passed by the two Houses at the ex-
tra session, instead of having failed through the
veto of the President, had failed (as roost people
in my part of the country- seem to thmk it
would have failed) for want of subscribers to its
stock: would a majority of this House, in that
event, have felt it their duty to leave things as they
were, and to abandon all further effort1? Is it not
«ven passible that, if we had come together at the
■commencement of the last session of Congress, un-
der such circumstances, and with no cause of com-
plaint against the President, and no feelings of bit-
terness towards anybody connected with the Ad-
ministration, we should have looked upon some
such plan as this very exchequer with less of alarm
and horror than we now regard if? Whether so or
not, sir, such an exigency might have occurred,
and may occur again. Are we, then, ready to say
that Government cannot discharge its duty to itself,
and its duty to the people, unless the capitalists of
the country will take stock in a bankl We, that re-
fuse to make any part of our fiscal system depend-
ent on the assent o( the States—are we ready to make
that system entirely dependent on the assent of in-
dividual citizens! If not, why should we not do
what we should be willing to do in the case I have
supposed"! The same exigency now exists, though
arising from a different cause. The impracticabil-
ity of obtaining a bank at this moment is as clearly
determined by the refusal of the President to sub-
scribe his name to its charter, as it would be by the
refusal of capitalists to subscribe their names to its
stock list. And though there maybe much more
right to complain in one ca<e than in the other, ihe
emergency is the same in both, and our responsi-
bilities in both are alike and identical.
One word, sir, in reference to another suggestion
of the report, before I proceed to the resolution with
which it concludes. A provision is contained in
the President's plan of the exchequer, and is improv-
ed upon, I believe, in the bills both of the Senate and
House, to limit the removing power of the Execu-
tive in relation to the commissioners and other
officers of the board. Such a provision undoubted-
ly does away many of the dangers of the system.
But the report pronounces all this unconstitutional.
It declares that Congress possesses no such power,
alld that any fancied security built upon such an
hypothesis must prove fallacious. Now, this was
not the doctrine of the Whig Senate of the United
States in days when a Whig Senate was all we had
to rely upon. On the contrary, the Whig Senators
of those days, with Mr. Clay and Mr. Webster in
perfect harmony at their head, went strongly for
the right and for the duty of such limitations. Some
of them, indeed, went very much further than this
bill proposes to go, and declared themselves in favor
of reversing the decisions of 1789; butnoneof them,
I believe, made any question that limitations of
some kind might be, and ought to be, made.
The report under consideration concludes with a
resolution "that the plan of an exchequer, presented
to Congress by the Secretary of the Treasury at the
last session, entitled 'A bill amendatory of the sev-
eral acts establishing the Treasury Department,'
ought not to be adopted." This resolution is imme-
diately preceded by the remark, that the committee
deem the plan to be "essentially delecti ve, and inca-
pable of any modification—atleast without an amend-
ment of the Constitution—that could justify its adop-
tion." I am told, however, that the resolution maybe
adopted without any reference to the report, and
that it is not intended to reach beyond the precise
bill which was furnished by the Secretary of the
Treasury; and some of my colleagues and friends,
from whom I do not differ materially in opinion,
will vote for it, I am aware, with this understand-
ing. But the common mind will not so construe
the resolution. Nor does it seem reasonable that
we should be held to the precise provisions, phrase-
ology, and punctuation of a particular bill, to which
there has been no opportunity for amendment, and
be compelled to declare affirmatively or negatively
upon a resolution for its rejection. Why should
such a resolution be pressed to a votel Why not
lay it on the table, as you do all other adverse .'re-
ports'? Why waste the time and temper of the
House in discussing mere abstract opinions, instead
of going into Committee of the Whole and acting
on the bill to which those opinions relate'? I
have no doubt, sir, that the lesolution was in-
troduced into the House in a proper spirit, and
with no unbecoming motives. I concur in no impu-
tations on the Committee of Ways and Means.
Iftit there is no little sensitiveness in many quar-
ters as to the movements of the present Congress
upon this, and, indeed, upon every other subject.
Everything out of the common course (as this
certainly is) will be imputed to sinister designs.
Pass this resolution by an overwhelming vote—as I
doubt notyou will, if you insist on taking the vote
in this form—and it will be regarded as an act of
mere hostility to the President, and of mere re-
taliation for his bank vetoes. It will jbe regarded
as intended to stamp something of peculiar re-
proach and unaccustomed reprobation on this meas-
ure and its author. It will look as if you desired
the triumph of holding up this bill to the scorn and
derision of the country, and saying, ''Here is Mr.
Tyler and Mr. Webster's famous fiscal project,
with hardly one man so poor to do it reverence."
Now, sir, I am not disposed to shrink from any
just or necessary act of legislation for fear of
misconstruction, or to save appearances. But, on
a mere amateur proceeding of this sort, I would
give no vote which can be so misconstrued. "A
thousand false eyes are stuck upon us." Let us not
again gratify their malicious gaze. Let us disap-
point, for once, their eager search for subjects of
mystification and perversion. For myself, sir, as
I have already intimated, if a vote is insisted upon,
1 shall vote against the resolution, both because I
am opposed to the policy and propriety of such
a proceeding, and because I am unwilling to
foreclose all direct consideration of the sub-
ject, and to cut myself off from voting for
the wholeor any part of the exchequer plan, now
or hereafter. I shall give such a vote with the less
reluctance, from the consideration that, in differ-
ing from great numbers of m>; political friends, I
shall differ from perhaps an equal number of my
political opponents. There were no party lines on
this resolution in committee, and it is plain that
there will be none in the House.
Mr. Bpeaker, I cannot feel justified in resigning
the floor, as my hour has not quite yet expired,
without alluding to a course of remark which has
been persisted in for some weeks past, in relation to
the supposed author of this exchequer plan, lam
not here, sir, as the champion of the Secretary of
State. Heaven help him, if he has not a more
tried and trustworthy arm than mine to. look to, if
he shall ever require any other than his own ! He
will, doubtless, say amen to this aspiration; for I
have no idea he will thank me for many of the
remarks which I have already made, or lor many
of those which I am about to make. He is, in-
deed, one of my most distinguished constituents.
I might appeal, however, to the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] who counts among his
constituents the great and gallant statesman of the
West, to bear witness with me that such a relation
does not necessarily involve anything of peculiar
cordiality or confidence; though, certainly, it can-
not imply anything of the reverse. But, at any
rate, holding, as I do, that great injustice has been
done to Mr. Webster, on more than one occasion,
by gentlemen who have gone out of their way to
introduce his name into the debate, no fear, either
of personal imputation or of political misconstruc-
tion, shall make me shrink from sayingso. I should
be unworthy of sitting here as the Representative
of Faneuil Hall, and should hardly dare to look
those who are accustomed to meet there in the face,
were I to listen longer, without a word of protest, to
the wholesale reproaches which have been cast
upon one who has so long been associated with
their fortunes and their fame.
Sir, I was not at Faneuil Hall when Mr. Web-
ster made the speech which has been the subject of
such frequent allusion. I have read that speech,
however, more than once; and, as I do notmtendto
be charged with any non-committal or concealment,
I have no hesitation in saying that it contains many
opinions which 1 deeply regret were ever expressed,
and from which I entirely dissent. The idea which
seems to be implied in one part of the speech, that
the Whigs of Massachusetts, in declaring a "fall
and final separation" from President Tyler, de-
signed to commit themselves to an indiscriminate
opposition to all the measures of his Administra-
tion, good, bad, and indifferent, was certainly un-
warranted by anything which they had ever done
at home, or which their Representatives had ever
done here. The opinion which seems to be conveyed
in another part of the speech, that the Whig party
in Congress deserved no particular credit for the
passage of a protecting tariff; that, because twenty
or thirty Whigs, in one branch or the other, voted
against the tariff, and ten or a dozen of their op-
ponents for it, while the great body of the Whigs
had, from first to last, devoted their most stren-
uous efforts to its adoption, and the great body of
the Van Buren party had labored incessantly to de-
feat and reject it; that, therefore, there was no party
element in the proceeding, and no party credit for
the result, was to my mind equally indefensible. It
was confounding the rule and the exception, and
placing both upon equal terms. The denial of the
abthonty of the convention, also, to act upon mat-
ters which every Massachusetts Whig convention,
for ten years before, had been accustomed to act
upon without qualification or question, was any-
thing but reasonable. But, sir, there are other
passages of this speech, upon which constructions
have been put which are utterly ungenerous and
unjust. The idea which has more than once
been advanced in this House, that Mr. Web-
ster's interrogatories on that occasion—"where do
they mean to place me V " where am I to
fain"—instead of being applied, as it was, simply
and solely to his relations to the Whigs oi Massa-
chusetts, with whom he had stood so long on terms
of confidence and respect, such as few other men
ever before enjoyed, was an expression of a corrupt,
base, unprincipled lust for office, or of an abject,
craven, cringing fear of being turned out of office,
is as unfounded as it is gross. It is wholly unsus-
tained by the spirit or by the letter of the speech.
The very next sentence to that in which these
questions are contained, destroys all apology for
such a construction—"If I choose to remain in the
President's councils, do these gentlemen mean to
say that I cease to be a Massachusetts Whig's"
This is the sum and substance of both the interrog-
atories which have been rung through these halls
with so much scorn, and which have formed the
foundation of this infamous charge of servility and
corruption. The question as to the collectors, at-
torneys, postmasters, and marshals, is fairly sus-
ceptible of no other interpretation. And so, also,
with that in relation to my excellent and distin-
guished friend, the present minister to England.
The inquiry, as to all of them, was whether, by
this full and final separation from Mr. Tyler, the
Whigs of Massachusetts meant to say that they in-
tended to discard and denounce so many of their
eminent brother Whigs who then were holding of.
fice, unless they either resigned or were turned out.
And this is the "detestable docrine" which has so
disgraced Daniel Webster, aijd so desecrated Fan-
euil Hall! The questions may all have been un-
called for; but, if they imply a love for anything,
it is a love of party, and not of place; if a fear of
anything, it is a fear of being abandoned by friends,
rather than of being turned out of office."
Sir, it would have been better, far better for all
concerned, if this little family jar in Massachusetts
had not been meddled with by strangers, and if the
parties to it had been left to scold it out among them-
selves. But I utterly protest against such an exag-
geration of its details and history, and such a mis-
representation of the language which was used on
the occasion. As to Mr. Webster's love of office,
there is no evidence that this love is stronger in him
than in many other gentlemen who are justly es-
teemed and honored in' the land. He retained
office, indeed, when other gsntlemen—his col-
leagues in the Cabinet—retired. But there was as
little reason in charging him with having held on
to his commission from the mere love of office, as
there would be in charging them with having re-
signed from the mere hate of office. These gen-
tlemen—'for whom I have always entertained and
expressed the highest possible regard and respect—
felt it was due to their own honor towithdraw from
the Cabinet. They did so; and though there were
some of their friends who would have preferred
that they should have remained, and put the Presi-
dent to his removing power, if he desired to get rid
of them, yet all—all acquiesced in their decision, and
in their own right to make that decision for them-
selves. Mr. Webster, on the contrary, felt it con-
sistent with his honor to stay, and carry on thatgreat
work of negotiation with Great Britain upon which
he had just entered. My venerable colleague [Mr.
Adams] has recently told his constituents and the
