M
AfrfrBNbiX TO ffife CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong>->*3d Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Butler.
 Jan. 1848.
H. of Reps.
hone better than the venerable gentleman [Mr. Ad-
ams}- himself—that the old hero, in his day, was
esteemed a most capital President-breaker. And
even if it were true that, in one character, he has
drawn support to this bill, no one can doubt that, in
the other, he has excited against it a most deadly and
unrelenting opposition. That the gentleman [Mr.
Adams] cannot consistently oppose it on the usual
grounds—the unwarrantable assumption of power—
is manifest from, the fact, that he has himself most
triumphantly vindicated the same General from a
similar exercise of power, on the ground of neces-
sity, and in a much more questionable case. We
are, therefore,, to seek elsewhere for that gentle-
man's opposition; nor is it difficult to find. Had
General Jackson retired to private life at the close
of his military career—h,ad he but worn meekly
those honors which he won proudly, he might have
gone down the vale of years followed by the prayers
and blessings of all; his laurels growing fresher and
greener at every step of his pilgrimage, until stand-
ing, as he now does, on the brink of the grave, they
would have caught a bright reflection of the world
beyond it. This bill would then have passed on its
merits, and passed by acclamation. But, sir, he
dared do otherwise. He dared throw his tall, straight
shadow across the crooked path of mad ambition.
He dared resist that combination, trick, and jugglery
by which a Federal dynasty was foisted upon a
free country. He dared appeal—and appeal success-
fully—from the people's servants to the people them-
selves. And, above all, sir, he dared stake to
dust a corrupt moneyed monopoly, alike essential in
every age and country to the existence of such a
dynasty. This, sir, is the front of his offending—
this has arrayed party vengeance against this bill.
The same venerable gentleman has also spoken
of the sale of the office of President at public auc-
tion; and seems emulous to succeed my friend from
Indiana, [Mr.-Thompson,] who, a few days since,
gave us a most amusing display of his talents as
congressional auctioneer. This new auctioneer,
too, has thought fit to change his rooms from the
White House to the Hermitage. Now, sir, as we
have learned from the venerable gentleman [Mr.
Adams] the "rumor" that one ex-President is to dis-
pose of the Democratic interest in the next election
of Chief Magistrate, it is but fair to presume—from
"rumor," of course—that the other ex-President
may have some little influence in disposing of the
Whig interest in the same office; and, if so, in re-
quital for his important information, on the verita-
ble authority of "rumor," I would advise him, by
all means, when that interest is disposed of, to ad-
here to the good old "rumored" precedent of 1824
—or perhaps, sir, sealed proposals will suit quite
as well.
Whether I ought io take any, or what notice 1
ought to take of the grovelling anecdote of the
traitor Arnold, applied by the venerable ex-Presi-
dent [Mr. Adams] to an old successful competitor
for tjie first office in the world, long after that com-
petitor had quitted the political arena forever,—is a
matter of much doubt. 1 will simply say of this
attack, that it is of but too close affinity with that
made by the notorious Knight of Gadshill on the
soldier corse of the gallant Percy—and will be
felt about as much.
I will now, sir, (if I can be pardoned by the
House for this, to me, most unpleasant digression,)
turn to what I conceive the true merits of the ques-
tion—the propriety of the declaration and enforce-
ment of martial law, by General Jackson, at New
Orleans. When I speak of martial law, I will
not be understood as meaning the law establishing
rules and articles for the government of the army
of the United States. That law is at all times in
force, and acquires no new power from a simple
declaration of that fact. I mean that maitial law
of paramount control, as it is understood in all
countries, and which may not unaptly be de-
fined "the common law of camps," springing out of,
and commensurate with, the exigencies of armies
in the field—exigencies which cannot be foreseen,
and therefore cannot be guarded against in advance,
bv fixed legislation. That Gen. Jackson had the con-
stitutional power formally; to declare or enforce such
•a law—to supersede the civil for such military rule
—I shall not contend for him; nor has he ever so
contended for himself. If his justification is to be
found at all—and that it is, I have no doubt—it
must be sought for amidst the dangers and difficul-
ties by which he found himself surrounded. 1
know, sir, there are some who would fain persuade
the world that no alternative, however direful, can
justify, or even excuse, a resort to such a course.
I have now a pamphlet before me, signed "A Ken-
tuckian," written with some ability, in which the
author labors to enforee this doctrine. A single
and a very short paragraph from this work will
serve to show his position:
"The great national interest with us—the great point of disci-
pline—is, and ever must be, implicit and devoted obedien6e to
the law."
Based on this dogma, he labors to prove that,
while General Jackson was whipping the British,
he was in fact levying war against his. own coun-
try—because he took the nccessary measures to sup-
press mutiny and treason m his own camp!—and
winds up by saying, " It is plain, unmixed trea-
son."
Who this learned gentleman is, I do not care to
know. From his unsparing bitterness, he might
well be taken for some political renegade, vainly
attempting to win the confidence of his new
friends, by assailing the leader of his old ones.
Certain 1 am he is no soldier, and knows nothing
of the hardships or casualties of war. If he did,
he would also know that an army rarely marches
by day, or halts by night, without necessarily
breaking some law, or trampling on some right.
It is more than probable this gentleman is some
judge, or ex-judge, who, wrapping himself in his
robes of office, and hugging to his heart this darl-
ing Utopia, "implicit obedience," fondly imagines
he can convince the American people that it were
infinitely better New Orleans had been sacked and
burnt, than saved by martial law. This is but the
doctrine attempted to be inculcated in the pamphlet
referred to, when carried into practice; and, what-
ever may be thought of it now, I have no doubt it
would have been received with acclamation by the
entire British army at the time. In this shape,
then, let it go before the world. I, at least* will
waste no argument to prove its folly or its falsity.
To such as admit that a crisis may arise, in the
prosecution of a war, in which it may not only be-
come proper, but even an act of imperative duty in
the commanding general, to set aside or disregard
for a time the established laws and usages of the
country he serves, I have a few considerations to
address. To such, and such only, (and I know
they constitute a large majority even of the Whig
party,) I shall attempt to prove that such a crisis
did, in fact, exist at the time martial law was de-
clared, and as long as it was enforced by General
Jackson at New Orleans.
In order to do this with any hope of success, it
will be essential to understand the theatre on which
he was compelled to act, the difficulties and dan-
gers that surrounded him, and the means placed in
his hands to meet them; and this will require me to
enter more into detail than 1 i'ear I shall be able to
do in the time allotted me.
General Jackson had just closed his Indian wars,
and with a brilliancy and success rarely equalled,
and never surpassed, in any age or country. Such,
at least, was his reputation, that the President
thought fit to confer on him the rank of major
general in the United States army, and intrust to
his command one of the most important, because
one of the most defenceless and unprotected, mili-
tary districts in the Union. 1 do not remember its
exact geographical limits. It is enough to say that
it extended, on the gulf, from the Perdido to the
Sabine; and that its inland border was skirted, al-
most from one end to the other, by numerous and
warlike Indian tribes; several of them but recently
at open war, and known still to be hostile : a mere
fragment of one of which has, for the last six
years, kept a force larger than that' under his
command in constant employment; and is now
barely conquered, if conquered at all. On the 7th
of November Pensacola was taken, which, for a
time, put an end to those wars, by cutting off the
communication between the Indians and'British.
For although this town was at once restored to its
owners, the Spaniards were taught the necessity
of preserving a strict neutrality between nations
who, though at peace with them, were at wai.
with each other; and were also taught—what
they had previously denied—that they only
wanted the will, and not the power, to enforce
that neutrality. This, too, was another necessary
stretch of power, which called down on General
Jackson the vengeance of the "impliaitobedience"
party; still the nation at large justified him.
Pensacola taken, he at once repaired to Mo-
bile, and spent some days in putting that frontier
in the best state of defence his limited means would
permit, and then proceeded by land to New Or-
leans. It may seem a matter of surprise that he
should have taken this long and difficult route at
such a season of the year, requiring some six or
eight days to perforin it, when he might have
reached the same point in two days by water. I
can only account for it, from the known importance
he attached to the defence of the Mobile frontier;
his belief that this was one of the most vulnerable
points from which New Orleans could be assailed;
that the Biitish, by dfawing to their support the
numerous and powerful tribes of hostile Indians in
that region, might pass by land to the Mississippi,
above New Orleans, and, posting themselves on
either bank, cut off all communication with the
upper country. Hence he felt the importance of
possessing a minute knowledge of the topography
and resources of the country through which the
enemy would necessarily pass, should that plan
be adopted.
Be this as it may, on the first day of December he
reached that city, destined to be saved by his skill and
valor, and to give immortality to his name. Travel-
worn, and wasted with disease as he was—for, in
the late campaign, he had often been barely able
to sit his horse—he gave not an houi to rest, but
entered at once upon the active duties of the field.
On the day of his arrival, he reviewed the city
troops; and, on the next, set out upon a military
reconnoissance of his position, not merely of the
city and its environs. He descended the Missis-
sippi, and examined, in person, the wild and mi-
nute passes of Barrataria on the one side, and
Lake Borgne on the other; planned and directed
many improvements and alterations in the works
at Fort St. Philip, the key of the Mississippi;
and then returned to New Orleans about the 10th
of the month, to calculate and improve his means
of defence, and weigh the difficulties that sur-
rounded him. His means were few, indeed, and
easily ascertained. His difficulties were innumer-
able, and only to be fully appreciated by those who
saw and felt them. I possess no exact data on
which to estimate the precise force available at
this time for the defence of the city; nor at the
. moment when marlial law was declared, I have,
however, the official report, which will be found
both in Latour and Eaton, giving the exact num-
ber of each corps engaged in the battle of the
23d, as follows:
Part of Coffee's brigade - 543
Seventh and forty-fourth regiments United
States infantry - 753
Company of marines and artillery - - 82
Plauche's battalion .... ggo
Daquin's freemen of color - 208
Mississippi dragoons under Col. Hinds, not in
the action - jgg
From which, if we deduct the commands of Coffee
and Hinds, (who had not then arrived,) it will
leave the available force, at the time marlial law
was declared, only 1,333; even if we can suppose
there was no increase from the 14th to the 23d.
It will, no doubt, be matter of surprise to all, that
in a battle foughl in sight of New Orleans, and one
on whiah, all admit, its fate was staked, that only
488 residents of Louisiana were engaged; and that
20S of them were free men of color. Were there
no other persons in that city or its vicinity able to
bear arms'! and, if so, where were they at this im-
portant hour'? are questions that will naturally sug-
gest themselves to every one, on learning this fact.
Sir, for all the purposes of military defence, I have
no hesitation m believing, with the information
then before him, that General Jackson would much
sooner have defended a city void of inhabitants and
surrounded by a desert. And here I wish to be
most distinctly understood as not intending to cast
the slightest imputation on the patriotism of the cit-
izens of Louisiana in general. What I mean, then,
in connexion with what I have just said, is, that the
predominance of slave over white population was
such, and such its character, as to more than neu-
tralize any aid that could be fairly expected from
that white population, had every man able to bear
arms been both a patriot and a soldier. What I here
say of slavery in Louisiana, I by no means apply to
slavery in general. On the contrary, I would much
sooner trust the slaves of my own, and of several
other States, to defend this nation in her darkest hour
of need, than one half of that whining brood of
sickly sympathizers, who are uniting themselves
with foreign societies, whose real purpose is the
destruction of this Union, under the specious pre-
tence of bettering the condition of a class who, in
