iir  
27th Go*g«
• 3d Skss.
APPBNftfo tO THE CONQRBSSHWAt GLOBt.'
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Butler.  
ffatt. 1848.
H. of Reps.
the army. Still, the proposal to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus met with opposition, and was yetun-
dertliscttssiott, when, on the 14th of December, the
battle of the lakes was fought, by which we lost all the
gun-boats on the station, and gave the enemy un-
limited control of the entire coast, and full power
to select his point of attack. This was, indeed, a
most critical, a most startling moment. Recolleet
that nether Coffee, Carroll, Adair, nor Hind had
yet arrived; and that I have before said General
Jackson's available force for the defence of the
city was but about 1,300 efficient men. That of the
enemy was, of course, unknown, and variously re-
ported from twelve to twenty thousand. One thing,
however, was .certain: the same victorious army,
though greatly increased in numbers, that a few
months before had wrapped this proud Capitol in
flames, and laid siege to Baltimore—then the third
city in the Union—was there. The same army
that had marched unscathed through this populous
region, abounding in resources, both of men and
munitions, twenty-fold greater than General Jack-
son could command, was to be encountered, and the
trial hour was at hand. This, sir, was no time to
waste in protracted debate upon measures to be ta-
ken; no time, either, for making laws, or unravel-
ling the "nice quillets" of laws already made. Dis-
may and confusion reigned predominant. The
boldest doubted, and the timid despaired, of suc-
cess. The commanding general saw that the fate
of the city rested upon himself alone; and that, with-
out a resort to extraordinary measures, it must in-
evitably be lost. He did not hesitate a mo-
ment; but met this, as he has done every oth-
er emergency, promptly, not blindly. Yes, sir,
at this startling moment, when fresh dangers
and difficulties were hourly'thronging upon him
—when the enemy, proud in their discipline, and
confident in their numbers, were pressing forward
as to certain victory—when the circle of fate
seemed closing rapidly around him, and its very
billows already breaking at his feet—as the only
means of escape left him, he ventured to declare
martial law. He saw that the arm of the civil au-
thority, though nerveless for all purposes of good,
might, if unrestrained, become potent in evil, (nor
were his fears vain, as experience hasproven,) and,
therefore, he ventured to put it aside, as unsuited for
the times, and to substitute martial law in its stead.
He knew that if evil should grow out of it, that
evil would fall most heavily on himself; but if good
followed, that good would be his country's alone.
Still, sir, he did not hesitate. For him, such an al-
ternative had no terrors. The defence of a noble
city had been intrusted to his skill and valor; and
he would have felt himself a traitor to that trust,
had he sacrificed it, by "implicit obedience," under
the pressing exigencies of war, to laws formed
for "piping times of peace." Sir, it were just as
vain to hope for such obedience, at such an hour,
as for rigid etiquette on board of a sinking man-of-
war.
But whatever may be said as to the power or ne-
cessity of declaring martial law, none who wit-
nessed its operation can doubt for a moment as to
its beneficial results. All saw that a bold hand had
taken the helm—whether rightfully or not, no one
thought fit to inquire. All eyes were turned upon
one man; and that man, looking as proud and un-
bending as though he were the very genius of the
storm tiiat was thickening around him, with the
power to hush it by a whisper. The boldest heart
beat bolder, and the coward felt himself possessed of
spirit not his own. All felt the necessity of strict and
prompt obedience. Confidence was renewed, and
order sprung out of chraos. A guide star rose out
of the gloom, and led the way to victory; and such
a victory, sir, as finds no parallel even in the proud
annals o! this nation. All will at once conclude
that I am alluding to the memorable 8th of Jan-
uary. Not so, I mean that of the 23d of JDecerh-
ber, in which General Jackson, at the head of twa>
thousand undisciplined troops, met in the open
field, and repulsed, more than double that number
of England's choicest veterans. I am particular in
saying that General Jackson led this attack; for it
was but yesterday that a Whig friend of mine, and
a member of this House, asked me, in sober
earnesr, whether the old chief was really there.
Yes, sir, he was, in good truth, there; or, my word
for it, none ot his army would have been there.
And now, Mr. Speaker, after a lapse of more than
a quarter of a century, comes this cold hypercritical
age to sit in judgment on the military character of
g. man who dared fight and win such a battle.
Yes, sir, men who would turn pale at the flash of
a musket, even if fired by themselves, coolly tell
us that, notwithstanding General Jackson saved
New Orleans against hopeless odds, and contrary
to the expectation of a large majority of all who
understood his true condition, still be was entirely
deceived as to what he believed one of the main
causes of that success. Of this class is the Ken-
tucky pamphleteer. He first assumes that the only
object of martial law was to prevent correspond-
ence with the enemy, and then proceeds: "Butifthat
was his object, he entirely failed in accomplishing
what was intended; for he himself tells us it was
ascertained from the British officers, after the
peace, that they were fully informed of everything
that happened in the city, from the first to last."
This gentleman has certainly made a mistake, and
whetted his sword on the back instead of the edge.
If his argument is to have any weight, it must con-
cede what its author has most strenuously denied
throughout his entire pamphlet—that there were
spies and traitors in New Orleans. And still it by
no means follows, because these spies and traitors
found means to elude the many precautions re-
sorted to for the purpose of preventing their com-
munication with the enemy, that these precautions
were either unwise or improper. I leave this
question to be settled by a liberal community—
between a quibbling lawyer and a fighting gen-
eral.
I now proceed to the second point in issue—the
propriety of continuing martial law. I am well
aware, sir, that there is a much greater contrariety
of opinion on this point, than on that to which I
have been calling the attention of the House. I am
inclined to believe that a large majority even of the
Whig party consider the declaration of martial
law as not only justifiable, but commendable; many
of them also admit that it was properly enforced.
A large portion of them, however, who justify its
declaration on the ground of necessity, contend
that it was continued too long, and after that ne-
cessity had ceased. To such, I beg leave to present
a few considerations touching that necessity. The
opinion of the commanding general is certainly
entitled to great weight. To deny this, would' be
to contend that the pilot who has successfully
guided his vessel over the darkling waves, and
amidst the wildest tempests, is utterly unfit to de-
cide upon the termination of the very tempests
which he has so successfully buffeted. I need not
say, sir, that in his opinion, and with all the lights
he possessed, the continuance of martial law was
just as essential to retain the advantages he had
gained over the enemy, as its declaration was to
win ihem in the first instance. True, sir, there was
not that present and visible emergency. The enemy
was not in sight; but was the necessity for vigilance
and strict discipline, therefore, the less, when it
was known that he lay in striking distance, able,
and no doubt willing, to turn to his advantage eve-
ry occurrence in the American army, if any should
happen by which he might hope to wash out the
disgrace he had sustained1? As much weight as
this opinion has with me, and ought to have with
all who wish to form an impartial judgment, I do
not intend to press it on this House. It is my pur-
pose to meet the opponents of this bill upon a sim-
ple history of facts, which none of them will find
it convenient to deny. When do they say martial
law should have ceased its sway? Certainly not
immediately after the battle of the 8th of January;
for although the enemy were defeated with most
terrible slaughter, leaving one-fourth of their whole
number engaged, and three out of four of their
generals dead^ or wounded on the field, and the
rest were seen
BafHed ami broke, and rushing back
To ocean, nn their own red track—
still, sir, although they fled fast, they did not
flee far. They soon recovered of theirpanie, and,
resuming their old position, continued to growl back
defiance from theijr deep-mouthed guns. Notwith-
standing their heavy los=, they still more than
doubled the force by which they had been defeated.
General Jackson's effective force on the left bank of
the Mississippi was, when the battle began, 3,700;
that of the enemy was, at the same time, estimated
at 9,000. None will then say that martial law
should have ceased on the 8th, nor at any time
while the enemy occupied their position in sight of
our lines. Certainly not on the I7th of the same
month, while they were yet bombarding Port St.
% Philip, which commanded the Mississippi, and
'* which taken, or passed, would have enabled their
vessels of war to reach New Orleans, and to have
laid it in ashes in an hour after reaching it. Nor
yet on the 12th of February, when they were re-
ceiving the capitulation of Fort Bowyer, which
left uncovered the bay and city of Mobile, and
gave the enemy command of what I have before
said was the most secure and cettain point from,
which to renew their operations against Hew Or-
leans, by calling to their aid the numerous border-
ing tiibes of hostile Indians. No, sir; not even
then; but the moment the fir.>t news of peace
reached New Orleans. So, at least, say the oppo-
rers of this bill, with one accord.
This news was received on the night of the 18th
of February, was brought by Mr. Livingston, and
came direct from the enemy. It is true, sir, there is
an attempt made by Mr. Martin, and all others who
have thought fit to believe him, and him only, to
show that the same information was received from
a different channel about the same time. The truth
is, that Lord Cochrane's letter to General Jackson
reached him, by the mouth of the Mississippi, a few
days after his verbal communication of the same
fact by Mr. Livingston, who came by-lhe nearer
lake route. Was this information, coming direct
from the enemy, such as ought to have produced
any change or relaxation in the. measures of the
American General"! The enemy, who had in the
meantime received a large reinforcement—equal,
and more than equal, to the number he had lost in
battle—had entire command of the neighboring
seas—and lay within a day's sail of New Orleans.
If his intentions were peaceful, and his informa-
tion such as he could rely on himself, why did he
not propose a cessation of hostilities to General
Jackson, through Mr. Livingston"? The fact that
he did not do so, was, of itself, well calculated to
make the impression that it was a mere stratagem
of war; and if General Jackson, depending on
such information, had relaxed his discipline, or
disbanded his army, and thereby lost New Orleans,
the very men who are now hunting him down
for the course he deemed it prudent to pursue,
would have denounced him as a traitor for cor-
responding with, and taking counsel of, the enemy.
Instead, however, of this repott iorming any pre-
text for the relaxation of discipine, it created a
strong necessity for its more rigid enforcement.
It was busily circulated mong the soldiery, that a
treaty of peace had been concluded and ratified
between the two countries, and that there was no
longer any necessity for their continuing in the
field; and they, of course, soon grew restless and
impatient of restraint. Men for whom war had
no terrors, now that the foe had disappeared, and
the excitement produced by his presence had sub-
sided, soon became tired of the necessary drudgery
of the field. Theirthoughts naturally turned from
war to peace, and their own firesides rose tempting-
ly and beautifully before them. The city troops,
who should have been the last, were the first to ma-
nifest a spirit of insubordination. Many claimed
leave to return to the city ; and it is contended
that they were entitled to this indulgence, as their
families or friends resided there. The gay car-
nival season, too, was drawing to a close; and
their national love of pleasure (for they were
mostly of French origin) was too strong for their
patriotism. Not having succeeded in their appli-
cation to Gen. Jackson, manv, who were known
to be American citizens, applied to, and received
protection of, the French consul, who invariably
certified them to be citizens of France. Armed
with these certificates, they demanded "their dis-
charge, leaving their brother soldiers fiom distant
States to defend the very firesides which they were
so eager to enjoy.
Such an example at such a time would have dis-
solved the army. An entire regiment, with the
exception only of fifteen men, who were left to
guard the very avenue by which the enemy had
'made his approach, bad already abandoned that
important position; and others, equally important,
were partially deserted. In such a crisis, tie com-
manding general could not hesitate. History, preg-
nant with warning, lay open to his view. Capua
of old rose naturally befoie him; and the victor of
Cannffl, with his rent garlands, admonished him
that the ease and Inxuiy of a petty town had con-
quered an army that had overcome both the Ro-
man^ and the Alps. And was he to permit a grate-
ful city, which had just been rescued from destruc-
tion by his own and the valor of his army, to
become to that army what Capua had been to an
invading enemy"! Was he to permit that city, even
