Jail. 1843.
APPENDIX. TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
27th Cong*--*3d Sbss.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Payne.
H. of Reps.
I shall now proceed to examine into the necessity
which actually existed, and induced General Jack-
son to declare martial law. Permit me to ask what
state of things actually existing in a besieged city
would justify a proclamation of martial law1! The
known existence of spies and traitors, or the dis-
affection of any considerable portion of the resi-
dentj)opu!ation of said city, whether citizens, den-
izens, or aliens, would f'uily justify the proclaim-
ing of martial law by the commanding general.
Now, sir, upon the actual existence of treason,
and the disaffection of a considerable portion, of the
resident population of New Orleans, I base the
necessity of proclaiming martial law. If no treason
or disaffection did exist, the act was unnecessary;
if treason and disaffection actually existed, a con-
trolling State necessity imperiously demanded the
proclamation of martial law; and hence the justifi-
cation of General Jackson.
Sir, in order to demonstrate the actual existence
of treason and disaffection to the American cau<e,
I must avail myself of such lights as history throws
upon this subject; and, in every instance m which
I refer to history, the enemies, and not the friends
of General Jackson will be consulted, because I
prefer that his vindication should rest upon his-
torical facts, recorded by those who cannot be
charged with leaning to the side of General Jack-
son.
We find in Martin's History of Louisiana, that
many of the people of that territory were original-
ly opposed to the transfer of said territory from
France to the United States. He says: vol. 2, page
199, "that the tri-colored made room for the striped
banner, under repeated peals of artillery and mus-
ketry ; a group of citizens of the United States,
who stood on the corner of the square, waved
their hats .in token of respect for their country's
flag, and a few of them greeted it with their
voices. No emotion was manifested by any other
part of the crowd." Again, page 263, Martin
says: "Cordero had sent a large reinforcement to
Nacogdoches: Porter had not two hundred men
under his command on Red river. In a letter to
to the Secretary of War of the 15th February, lie
stated the great disaffection of the people around
him—nineteen of whom out of twenty preferred the
Government of Spain to that of the United States."
Sir, here is historical evidence that a large pro-
portion of the population of Louisiana were op-
posed to the authority of the United States; although
this fact may not be conclusive as to the actual ex-
istence oI treason during the investment of New
Orleans by the British army, it must nevertheless
be taken and considered as a connecting link in
the chain of evidence which I shall herealler ad-
duce upon this point.
I now propose to show, from the same historical
evidence, (vol. 2d, page 323,) that treason did ac-
tually exist during the investment of the city. It
will be remembered that Nicholls, the British col-
onel, after his arrival at Pensacola, issued a proc-
lamation to the people of Louisiana, in which "he
announced that on them the first call was then
made to assist m the liberation of their natal
soil from a faithless and weak Government. To
Spaniards, Frenchmen, Italians, and Englishmen,
whether residents or sojourners in Louisiana, ap-
plication was made for assistance. He gave as-
surances that the inhabitants had no need to be
alarmed at his approach, as the good faith and
disinterestedness which Britons had manifested
in Europe, would distingui ill thera in America.
The Indians, he added, had pledged themselves
m the most solemn manner to refrain ftom otfer-
ing the slightest injury to any but the enemies of
their Spanish and Brii ish fathers.
"Addressing himself to the people of Kentucky,
he observed, they had too long borne with griev-
ous impositions; the whole brunt of the war bad
fallen on their brave sons. He advised them to
be imposed on no longer, but either to revenge
themselves under the standard of their forefatheis,
or observe the strictest neutrality.
"He asked whether the Kentuckians, after the
experience of twenty-one years, could longer sup-
port those brawlers for liberty, who called it free-
dom, -when themselves were free. He advised
them not to be duped any longer, and to accept his
offers; assuring them what he had promised he
guarantied to them, on the sound honor of a British
officer."
Sir, such were the means resorted to, to seduce
our people from the allegiance dae to their own
Government; and I lament, for the honor of man,
and the dignity of his nature, that any individual
could have been found so base, as to aid in the ac-
complishment of this wicked attempt upon the pa-
triotism of our people. Upon the brave Ken-
tuckians (to their honor be it said) this appeal
had no influence; they would neither observe
"neutrality," nor "revenge themselves" upon their
brothers, under "the standard of their forefathers."
Not so with others; for we find (page 327 of Mar-
tin's History) that "emissaries were sent with copics
of this proclamation over the country, between
Mobile river and the Mississippi."
This was the work of treason; and I note the fact,
as conclusive evidence of its actual existence at
the time. I proceed with my evidence from the
same work. On page 340 we find Claiborne, the
Governor of Louisiana, saying to General Jackson:
"I think, with you, that our country is full of
spies and traitors." On page 364 ol the same vol-
ume, we find that during the engagement between
the British and American lines on the 28th De-
cember, General Jackson was informed that "the
assembly were about to give up the country to the
enemy."
All these are important facts, which show the ex-
istence of treason in Louisiana, at the time General
JacKson proclaimed martial law. It is not my in-
tention, in the charge of treason, to involve the
Legislature of Louisiana; but I regret that I have
not been able to procure a copy of the journals of
that body, since questions may have been started,
and propositions entertained, which would go far
to relieve the character of General Jackson from
the aspersions which Federalism and British in-
fluence have at all times cast upon it.
The gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] in
commenting upon the older given to Governor
Claiborne by General Jackson, to blow up .the
Legislature of Louisiana, il, in truth, it did con-
template a surrender of the city to the enemy, has
said that General Jackson acted upon vague sur-
mise. Sir, the gentleman from Virginia inform-
ed us but the other day, that he had never lead
more than one lawbook in his life—and that one,
twenty years since. Judging from the remark of
the gentleman just referred to, we might suppose
that he had been equally negligent in omitting to
read the history of his country. I make no such
charge; we know the gentleman has read the his-
tory of bis country, and the reasons for this declar-
ation must be sought in other causes.
Mr. Botts (Mr. PAYNEyieldm-g for explanation)
said that the gentleman 'from Alabama had mis-
understood him on that subject. He had only said
that General Jackson had never given his author-
ity, so far as he had been able to ascertain, and he
never yet had ascertained; perhaps the gentleman
might furnish it.
Mr. Payne. Sir, I am proceeding on the suppo-
sition that the gentleman had omitted to read the
history of the times. I regard this as an important
charge against General Jackson; it does him mani-
fest injustice. His vindication may be tound in a
letter (iated 31st December, 1814, in camp, 4 miles
below New Orleans, and directed to the Legisla-
tuie of Louisiana, in which he says:
"The Major General commanding has the honor
to acknowledge the leceipt of the joint resolution
of both Houses of the honorable the Legislature of
the State of Louisiana, now in session, dated the
30th instant, and communicated to both Houses; to
which the General gives the following answer:
That, just alter the engagement between the British
and American armies had commenced, on the 28th
instant, when the enemy was advancing, and it
was every instant expected they would storm our
lines, as the General was- riding rapidly from right
to left of his line, he was accosted bv Mr. Duncan,
one of his volunteer aids, who had just returned
from New Orleans. Observing him lobe apparently
agitated, the General stopped/supposing him to be
the bearer of some information of the enemy's
movements, and asked what was the matter? lie
replied, that he was the bearer of a message from
Governor Claiborne, that the Assembly weie about
to give up the country to the enemy. '
"The General wasm the act of pushing fonvaid
along the line, when Mr. Duncan called after him,
and said: 'the Governor expects orders what to do.'
The General replied, that he did not believe the
intelligence; but to desire the Governor to make
strict inquiry into the subject; and, if true, to blow
them up."
Colonel Declouet is stated to be the officer who
delivered the message to Mr. Duncan, " This is a
thorough vindication of General Jackson from the
charge of never having given tjae world his author,
as made by the gentleman from Virginia; and I
trust he will now consider me as having furnished
the information he desired.
Mr. Botts here inquired what history the gen-
tleman read from'!
Mr. Payne replied, from Martin's History of
Louisiana.
Mr. Botts said he had never read that book.
Mr. Payne. So I had supposed, or the charge
would never have been made. Ii General JacK-
son had ordered the Legislature of Louisiana to be
blown up, upon indefinite rumor, it would have
been highly censurable; but the order given in the
heat of battle, upon infoimation derived from the
Governor, and then with the qualification to "ex-
amine strictly" into the subject, and, if true, blow
them «p, is a very different question. Sjr, the
order was one that I would not have given, had it ■
been true that the Legislature was about to give
up the country to the enemy. Not that they would
not have deserved to be blown up, but because I be-
lieve gunpowder, under such circumstances, is an
improper agent with which to punish traitors. Gun-
powder was intended to be used in the adjustment
of difficulties between honorable men, or between -
nations engaged in honorable warfare. The trai-
tor should be punished with the halter, whenever
found in either the person of a judge, legislator,
private citizen, or common soldier.
Sir, I now turn from this digression to the con-
tinued proof of the actual existence of treason
when General Jackson proclaimed martial law at
New Orleans. I next call the attention of the
House to a statement contained in Latour's Me-
moirs and History of the War in West Florida and
Louisiana, who has recorded the names of ten fish-
ermen, of whom he says:
"These were well known to have aided the Brit-
ish in disembarking their troops, serving as pilots
on board their vessels and boats, and acting as spies
for them, from the penod of their arrival on our
coast."
"It was theirpractice, when they came to town to
sell their fish, to get all the information they couldj
for the purpose of carrying it to the English when
they went out to fish in Lake Borgne. On the 20th
of December—the day preceding the arrival of the
detachment of American militia at the village—
the British captain (Peadre) had come disguised,
accompanied by the three first-named fishermen, as
far as the bank of the Mississippi; and had even
tasted its waters. It was from his report, after
having thus examined the country, that the enemy
determined to penetrate by Viller's canal, whose
banks at the time afforded firm footing, from the
landing-place in the prairie to the river." i
Mr. Speaker, here is conclusive evidence of the
actual existence of treason during the investment
by the British of the city of New Orleans. In the
language of the Governor and General Jackson,
the country was "filled with spies and traitors."
Mr. Moore of Louisiana rose to explain.
Mr. Payne said he could not yield the floor. Un-
der the rule, he was allowed but one hour to inves-
tigate this subject; and for every minute of that
time he should have important use. Besides, the
gentleman from Louisiana could reply when he
had finished h;s remarks.
Sir, I have now fully made out my case. The
actual existence of treason is proved beyond all
question. Hence the absolute necessity of pro-
claiming martial law; and upon that necessity I
place the justification of General Jackson. How
could the city have been saved? how could the
spies and traitors have been prevented from con-
veying to the enemy daily information of the
strength, condition, and operations of the Ameri-
can army? Sir, in but one way. It could only be
done by proclaiming martial law. General Jack-
son saw and knew this. He felt the responsibility
resting upon him, and adopted the only possible
means by which the city could be saved. He pro-
claimed martial law, and subjected the city of New
Orleans to military government. He garrisoned
every avenue leading to and from the city, and
thereby cut off all communication between the
traitors within and the enemy without. Now, sir,
what effect has martial law upon persons within the
distiict comprised in the proclamation? I agree
with Mr. Livingston in the opinion already quoted:
"That the effect of martial law, de faclo, is to bring
all persons who may happen to be within the dis,*
