Feb. 1-843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
27th Cong.*•••3d Sess.
Improvement of the Mississippi river—Mr. Reynolds.
H. of Reps.
iM acf} he is reviled by the one, as he would be
feared <md shunned by the other. And I tell the
gentleman from Massachusetts, that the point of
this anecdote, if it has any, is appliaable to himself
and his friends, who have already shown their
friendship for Hull and the Massachusetts militia,
snd-thejr increasing and deadly hostility to An'
drew Jackson. Judging from these facts, and the
indications already given by the votes of this
House, if Arnold were now before this Congress,
hiS body would be pensioned for military services
to Federalism in the attempted betrayal of his coun-
try, and the leg mutilated in the service of that
country would be hung for its treason. I am now
dpne with the question of the fine.
* Sir, the remaining moments of my hour I must
devote to the notice of a remark which fell from
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Botts,] who
tells us that he has been enabled to discover "but one
green spot in the life of General Jackson, and that
was his submission to the decision of Judge Hall
in the imposition of this fine. Sir, but one green
spot jn the life of 'Andrew Jackson! I go back to
his boyhood: when lie was a British prisoner du-
ring the revolutionary war, he was insolently or-
dered by a British officer "to black his boots." Did
Andrew Jackson obey this order with the servile
acquiescence common to his years and situation'?
No, sir; he positively refused to obey, claimed the
treatment due to a prisoner of war, and, although
an only brother was sacrificed and fell by his side
from the cruelty of his oppressor, Andrew Jackson
could not be driven from his position, or forced to
submit to the arrogance of his tyrant. Was this
no green spot in the life of Andrew Jackson"! I
come down to the history of the last war. What
was the condition of your country then"! The cities
upon your coast had been sacked; your country
overrun; and a hostile flag waved in proud tri-
umph from the walls of tiiis Capitol. Go to the
West: the tide of victory had spread over the upper
valley of the Mississippi; your "stripes and stars"
trailed in the dust; your national glory lost; the
massacre of the river Raisin and the defeat of Dud-
ley hung heavily upon every mind; Kentucky
mourned the loss of her bravest sons, whose bones
denied the right of sepulture, were then bleached
and whitening upon the battlefield of disaster. At
this, the darkest period of our national history, An-
drew Jackson was appointed to the command of the
American army. The effect was like magic- hope
revived; patriotism rekindled; confidence was re-
stored. Our stars and stripes again floated in the
breeze; the current of disaster was checkcd; the
wave of victory rolled back; and battle after battle
won in quick succession, until the war was ended
in the blaze of glory at New Orleans, to which I
have already ad vet ted.
Was there no green spot in the life of Andrew
Jackson resulting from all this"! Do the battles of
Ett*uckfau, Taladega, Enotochopco, and the Horse-
shoe, form no green spots in the life of Andrew
Jackson"! Sir, it will require no stoned urn to
commemorate the deeds of that illustrious man.
They are recorded upon every page of his country's
history. Nor will it require monumental columns
to mark the spot in which his ashes shall be de-
posited. The laurel will continue to bloom upon
his grave, bedewed by the tears of a grateful na-
tion, when the deeds and the graves of those who
revile him will be forgotten and buried beneath the
rubbish of oblivion.
Mr. Payne was here interrupted by the expira-
tion of his hour.
SPEECH OP MR. REYNOLDS,
OF ILLINOIS.
In the House of Representatives, February '2, 1813—
On the appropriation to improve the upper and
lower rapids in the Mississippi river.
Mr. Chairman: This improvement is not sec-
tional. It is not Western or Eastern; but it is
national. It is a great work in which the whole
nation is interested. The great loss of property
which occurs on the Mississippi every year is a
destruction, to that amount, of the national wealth.
The whole nation may be considered a partnership
firm,-organized to promote the prosperity and hap-
piness ,of the whole concern; and a loss of property,
no matter iri whose hands the loss may happen,
and no matter in what section of the Union it may
take place—in Maine or Iowa—yet it isstill a loss to
the whole partnership—to the whole nation.
■ Althougk the Mississippi may flow through the
Western valley, and be removed from Maine many
thousand miles, yet that State is deeply interested
in tbe prosperity of the commerce of the Mis-
sissippi. This is the ease with every State in the
Union. And all are deeply interested in this great
national improvement. Do we not see presented
to Congress great numbers of petitions from the
Atlantic Stales, praying the improvement of the
navigation on the Mi-sissippi"? Those petitions
are signed by intelligent citizens of the Eastern and
Middle States, who are celebrated for their acute
feelings of friendship to their pockets; and, there-
fore, feel a lively interest in this subject.
But, Mr. Chairman, we have the old objection
raised by Southern gentlemen, that these improve-
ments are not warranted by the Constitution. It is
alleged, that to improve the Mississippi, is a viola-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
When will these exploded objections cease"!
These objections to this improvement remind
me of .the sentiments of the honorable Mr. Robi-
son, a member of Congress from Virginia, ex-
pressed, under the solemn and awful approach of
death. The story is: "that Mr. Robison, m Wash-
ington city, late at night, rose in his bed, expecting
to die in a short time, and told his room-mate not
to permit him to be buried by Congress, as it was
unconstitutional to bury a member of Congress at
the public expense."
This is carrying the doctrine beyond ullraism.
I apprehend it is too late at this day to adjust and
settle the construction of the Constitution on this
subject. All the Presidents, since the formation of
our Government, have signed bills of the character
of that which is now before the committee; and, of
necessity, every Congress must have passed them.
Many of the same individuals who were in the
convention that framed the Constitution, were jalso
m the Congresses that passed these bills. Ar.d who
could be more competent to give to the Constitution
a proper construction than the very same men
who made it" These individuals, justly famed for
their virtue and wisdom, and who may be emphati-
cally called "the fathers of the Republic," enacted
laws of the same character as the bill now under
discussion. To enable the National Government
to "r> gulate commerce" was one of the main rea-
sons which induced the people to form the Consti-
tution of the United States. And to establish
light-houses, improve harbors on the ocean, make
survevs of the coast, &e., &c,, has always been
considered within the constitutional power of Con-
gress.
The Mississippi may be considered the high sea
for the commerce of the West; and although the
liver water is fresh, and has not the regular tides
of the ocean in it, yet the Constitution must have
the same application to it that it has to the Atlantic,
as to commerce. Therefore improvementswithm
this river must fall within the same class of cases
as the establishment of light-houses, coast sur-
veys, haibois, &c., &c., on the Atlantic.
Mr. Chairman, we hear constitutional objec-
tions raised, on a'mosL every occasion, against
bills that come before Congress. These objections
generally proceed from the South; and a;c so com-
mon, that they bring to my recollection an anec-
dote which happened ill Kentucky An old farmer ||
went out back of his field, into the timber, with his
gun, to shoot squirrels. The old man remained out
some considerable firne, and continued loading and
shooting incessantly all the time. His son thought
sttange of it, and went out to see why it was his
father kept up such continual shooting. On in-
quiry, the old man showed his son the squirrel he
was shooting at still on the tree, and in the same
place. The boy saw no squirrel on the ttee; but,
looking at his father, he saw a mote m the old
man's eyebrow, which his father—with hjs anxiety
m looking up in the tree—had constiued to be a
squirrel, and had been shooting at it all day. Thus
it is with these gentlemen. They have motes in
their eyebrows, which they magnify, not into
squirrels, but into breaches of the Constitution, at
which they are eternally shooting.
I am, myself, in favor of a limited construction
of the Constitution; extending it to embrace noth-
ing by implication. But, on the other hand, I am
not disposed to cripple and cramp it, or to perveit it
from its original design. There can exist no doubt
in my mind but the improvement of the Mississippi
river is such a national work as is clearly embraced
within the constitutional action of Congress.
Mr. Chairman, it seems to me to be necessary,
beyond ail controversy, to improve the navigation
of the Mississippi, and thereby save the lives and
property that are destroyed on it every year.
It will be seen, by the census returns for 1840, that
there are between six and seven millions of people
who inhabit the Missis=ippi valley; and they pro-
duce annually, by agriculture alone, more than .five
hundred millions of dollars. This great amount of
population, and great agricultural .production each
year, will satisfy every one of the business and im-
portance of the Western country.
This section, in population, is greater than one-
third of (he whole Confederacy; and I presume
the same may be said of its productions and
wealth. And I would not be astonished that
more than half of the wealth which is exported
out of the whole Union, proceeds from the valley
of the Mississippi.
These statements will appear satisfactory, when
the extent of country and fertility of soil are con-
sidered. The climate is various from one extreme
to the other; so that almost all productions can be
cultivated m the West with great profit. I may
moreover add, that the whole valley of the Mis-
sissippi is inhabited by an intelligent and energetic
race of men. The inhabitants are not crowded
together in large cities, or in dense settlements,
to be enervated and corrupted by such a condition;
but they possess youthful vigor and industry, in
proportion to the age of their country: and with
such a character, and in such a country, the
productive wealth of the West musl be consider-
able.
What would all this enterprising and laborious
population do m the West, were it not for the
Mississippi1? Of what avail would be all the sur-
plus productions, if no cheap conveyance could
be had to market"! Were it not for'the naviga-
tion of the Mississippi and its tributaries, the sur-
plus products of the valley would rot on the hands
of the farmers; and thereby the enterprise and
spirit which now enliven and animate the popula-
tion would absolutely cease to exist.
The navigation of the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries being so vastly important to the people, is
it not reasonable that they would use it to the ut-
most extent of their abilities'? The daring and en-
terprising spirit of the people indicates that they
know well their interest, and will in the same pra-
portion pursue it.
Almost the whole surplus productions of the
West are, at some time before they reach their
destination, floated on the Mississippi; and the
wealth which is received in return is conveyed
back by the same channel. I presume that all the
wealth which is exported and imported on this
river would amount, annually, to more than two
hundred and fifty millions of dollars.
Taking all these views into consideration, I
hesitate not to say that there is more wealthy com-
mercial business transacted on the Mississippi than
on any other river in America. It must be re--
membered that this river is more than three
thousand miles in length; and every mile of it is
navigated, more or less. It is true, not much
business is as yet tiansacted" towards its sourcesj
but, when it flows into the Southern climate, a
commerce of gicat wealth and importance is car-
ried on, through this channel, to the ocean. Many
intelligent gentlemen consider that double as much
business is done on this river as on any other in
the Union; and, in fact, some say three times as
much is done on it as on any other river in
America.
I presume the river that comes nearest to the
Mississippi in wealthy commerce, is the Hudson,
in the State of New "York. In makingi this com-
parison, I consider ihe Hudson as ending at the
city of New York, and the Mississippi at New
Orleans. The length of the Hudson cannot be
compared wiih Ihe other; and, although much ■
wealth may pour into the Hudson from the New
York canal, and from the State, yet it cannot, in
my opinion, be compared with *the vast country
bordering the Mississippi, and the corresponding
wealth that is shipped on that river.
Mr. Chairman, I pretend not that all this wealth
which is shipped on the Mississippi crosses the
two rapids (which are called the Des Moines and
Rock River rapids) mentioned in the amendment
before the committee; yet, nevertheless, the com-
merce of a great and a growing country is shipped
over these obstructions. All the Iowa Territory
is dependent on the Mississippi for almost all its
commerce. Its surplus produce exported, and mer-
chandise imported, are shipped on this river, and
