128
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Feb. 18432
7th Con«---*3c Se s.
On reducing the pay of the Nuv'y—Mr. Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
must pass one or both of these rapids. The west-
em portion of Wisconsin Territory is in the same
.situation; and so is the northwest section of Illinois.
The country above these obstructions, and adjacent
to the river, is growing fast, and is carrying on
considerable business on the river at present. The
lead from this region that is shipped over these rap-
ids amounts, during the year, to millions and mil-
lions of pounds.' The lurs from the sources of the
Mississippi and St. Peter's, that descend the river,
are also considerable. The farmers, whose indus-
try has so rapidly improved the country, export
great quantities of their surplus crops over these
obstructions; and the lumber, from the prairies be-
tween the Mississippi and Lake Superior, consti-
tutes an article of considerable commerce, which
is also compelled to pass these rapids to find a mar-
ket.
The most careless observer of the Western coun-
try must be forced to believe that the commerce on
the Mississippi is at present of vast importance lo
the whole Union, and is increasing with the same
unparalleled rapidity as the country is improving.
Mr. Chairman, the great loss of property and de-
struction of boats on the Mississippi have become
so well known all over the Union, and so much has
been written and spoken on the occasion, that it
would be idle and useless for me to attempt to por-
tray these horrid scenes. Every traveller on the
Mississippi is compelled to become a witness to the
fact. The hulls and wrecks of boats are so com-
mon in some pans of the river, that a person would
suppose that some horrible fatality had destroyed
all that approached the ill-fated spot. A location
of this character on the Mississippi, a few miles
above the mouth of the Ohio, has becomc celebra-
ted throughout the West, and is known as the "Boat
Grave-Yard." This is the grave-yard where the
finest steamboals that ever sailed on the Western
waters, with their valuable cargoes,* were wrecked
and lost; and in this vicinity the steamboat Eliza
was sunk, and with her, also, perished fifty or sixty
persons. Capt. Littleton, the commander and own-
er of the Eliza, not only lost his vessel, but in the
confusion, at night, his wife and children also per-
ished with the boat. Besides the valuable lives
lost on this river, more than three millions and a
half of property, wilhin two or three years, have
been destroyed and lost, not only to the immediate
owners, but Jost, also, to the nation. These losses
and destruction of properly have not been done in
a corner, or in the dark. They all occurred in the
most public thoroughfare m the Union, and are
known more or less to every man in the nation.
Mr. Chairman, these facts being known to Con-
gress, will it not compel this body to improve the
river to prevent similar losses'! Is it not a duty the
nation owe the people of the West to improve this
great national highway"! It is economy in the
highest degree to make this improvement. If it
were not for the purposes of economy, 1 would not
urge this subject on the consideration of Congress.
It is to expend a small sum, to save a very great
one to the people. Is it not economy for man to
provide himself suppoit, rather than to die? Who
would die rather than to spend a few cents each
day to sustain life"! And I might ask, with the
same reason, who would not spend a few cents on
the improvement of I he Mississippi, rather than to
permit millions of dollars and valuable lives lo be
lost? Who can compare money lo life? All these
improvement's are easily made. A small sum an-
nually expended will remove the snags from the
Mississippi, and render a safe navigation over the
rapids of Des Moines and Rock river, which are
mentioned in the amendment now before the com-
mittee.
The low state of the treasury cannot be urged
against this improvement, as it is a measure of
economy, and will directly advance the public in-
terest. Because a man is poor, should he cease to
eat? The improvement of the Mississippi is al-
most as essential to commerce as eating is lo an
animal. There is no improvement in, all this ex-
tended confederacy so 'essential to commerce as the
improvement of this river. This work, carried
out to a reasonable extent, will save more lives.
and more wealth than any other improvement in
America. Admitting the tieasury to be almost
empty, the-country is wealthy,and full of resources.
No famine, pestilence, or war, has visited thepeo-
ple; all are vigorous and industrious. It is no ex-
cuse that the treasury is not overflowing, that this
improvement should not be made. Can we stop
the commerce on the river, or prevent the loss of
lives and property on it, until the treasury is full?
There can exist no solid reason against the im-
provement; and I hope the appropriation will be
made. .
The honorable delegate from Iowa Territory
[Mr. A. C. Dodge] has agreed that the sum of fif-
ty thousand dollars, which had been reported in a
bill to construct roads in said Territory, should Tie
applied to the improvement of these rapids, and has
proposed the amendment accordingly. This ar-
rangement of the delegate is honorable to the patriot-
ism and enlightened views of that gentleman, as po
improvement can equal in importance and utility
that on the Mississippi.
REMARKS OF MR. MERIWETHER,
OF GEORGIA.
In the House of Representatives, February 4, 1843—
On. his motion to reduce the pay of the navy
twenty per cent.
Mr. MERIWETHER said that it was from no
hostility to the service that he desired to reduce
the pay of the navy. It had been increased m 1835
to meet the increase of labor elsewhere, &c ; and a
decline having taken place ihere, he thought a cor-
responding decline should take place in the price
of labor in the navy.
At the last session of Congress, this House called
on the Secretary of the Navy for a statement of the
pay allowed each officer previous to the act of 1835.
From the answer to that resolution, Mr. M. de-
rived the facts which he should state to the House.
He was desirous of getting the exact amount re-
ceived by each grade of officers, to show the pre-
cise increase by the act of 1S35. Aided by that
report, the Biennial Register of 1822,and the report
oi the Secretary of the Navy for 1822, furnishing
the estimates for the "full pay and full rations'' of
each grade of officers, he was enabled to present the
entire .facts accurately.
Previous to that time, the classification of officers
was different from what it has been since; but, as
far as like services have been rendered under each
classification, the comparative pay is presented
under each.
Previous to 1835, the pay of the "commanding
officer of the navy" was $100 per month, and six-^
teen rations per day, valued at 25 cents each ration;'
which amounted,'"full pay and. full rations," to
$2,660 per annum. The same officer as senior
captain in service receives now $4,500; while "on
leave," he receives $3,500 per annum.
Before 1835, a "captain commanding a squad-
ron" received the same pay as the commanding of-
ficer of the navy, and the same rations; amounting,
in all, to $2,660; that same officer, exercising the
same command, receives now $4,000.
Before 1835, a captain commanding a vessel of
32 guns and upwards, received S100 per month
and eight rations per day—being a total of $1,930
per annum: a captain commanding a vessel of 20
and under 32 guns, received ft75 per month and six
rations per day—amounting to $1,447 50 per an-
num. Since 1835, these same captains, when per-
forming these same duties, receive #3,500; and
when at home, by their firesides, "watting orders,"
' receive $2,500 per annum.
Befoie 1835, a "master commanding" received
$60 per month and five rations-per day—amount-
ing to $1,176 per annum. Since that time, the
same officer, in sea service, receives $2,500 per an-
num; at other duly, $2,100 per annum; and "waiting
orders," SI,800 per annum.
Befoie 1835, a "lieutenant commanding"received
$50 per month and four rations per day; which
amounted to $965 per annum. Since that time, the
same officer receives, for similar services, $1,800
per annum.
Before 1835, a lieutenant on other duty received
$40 per month arid three rations per day—amount-
ing to $.761 per annum. Since that time, for the
same services, that same officer has received $1,500
ppr annum; and when "waiting orders," $1,200 per
annum.
Eefore 1835, a midshipman received $19 per
mouth and one ration per day—making $319 25 per
annum. Since that time, a passed midshipman on
duty received S750per annum; if "waiting orders,"
$600; a midshipman received, in sea service, $100;
on other duty, $350; and "waiting orders," $300
per annum.
Surgeons, before 1835, received $50 • per month
and two rations per day—amounting-to #787 50;
they now receive from $1,000 to $2,700 per an-
num.
Before 1835, a "schoolmaster" received $>25 per
month and twp rations per day; now, under the
name-of a professor, he receives $1,200 per annum.
Before 1835, a carpenter, boatswain, and gunner
received $20 per month and two rations per day—
making $427 50 each per annum; they now re-
ceive, if employed on a ship-of the-lme, $750, on
a frigate &-600, on other duty $500, and "waiting
orders" $360 per annum. A similar increase has
been made in the pay of all other officers. The
pay of seamen has not been enlarged, and it is
proposed to leave it as it is. In several instances,
an officer idle, "waiting orders," receives more
pay now than one of similar grade received during
the late wa,r, when he exposed his life in battle in,
defen ce of his country. At the navy-yards the pay
of officers was greater than at sea. Before 1835, a
captain commandant received for pay, rations,
candles, and servants' hire, $3,013 per annum, he-
sides fuel; the same officer, for the same services,
receives now $3,500 per annum.
A master commandant received $1,408 per an-
num, with fuel; the same officer now receives
$2,100 per annum, A lieutenant received $877,
-with fuel; the same officer receives now $1,500.
At naval stations, before the act of 1835, a cap-
tain received $2,660 per annum; he now receives
83,500 per annum. A lieutenant received $761
per annum, and he now receives SI ,500 per an-
num. Before and since the act of 1835, quarters
were furnished the officers at navy yards and
stations. Before that time, the pay and emolu-
ments were estimated lor in dollars and cents, and
appropriated for as pay; and the foregoing state-
ments are taken from the actual "estimates" of the
Navy Department, and, as such, show the whole
pay and emoluments received by each officer.
The effect of this increase of pay has been re-
alized prejudicially in more ways than one. Ia
the year 1824, there were afloat, in the navy, 404
guns; in 1843, 946 guns. The cost of the item of
pay alone for each gun, then, was $2,360; now, the
cost is S3,500.
The naval servicehas become, to a great extent,
one of ease and of idleness. The high pay has
rendered its offices mostly sinecures; hence the
great effort to increase the number of officers. Ev-
ery argument has been used, every entreaty resort-
ed to, to augment that corps. We have seen the
effect of this, that in one year (1841) there were
added 13 captains, 41 commanders, 42 lieutenants,
and 163 midshipmen, without any possibly conceiv-
able cause fo&the increase; and when, at the saraie
time, these appointments were made, there were 20
captains "wailing orders," and 6 "on leave;" 26
commanders "waiting orders," and 3 "on leave;"
103 lieutenants "on leave and waiting orders," and
16 midshipmen "on leave and waiting orders." The
pay of officers' "waiting orders" amounted, during
the year 1841, to $261,000; and now the amount re-
quired for the pay of that same idle corps, increas-
ed by a useless and unnecessary increase of the
navy, is $395,000! It is a fact worthy of notice,
that, under the old pay in 1824, there were 28 cap-
tains, 4 of whom were "waiting orders;" of 30
commanders, only 7 were "waiting orders." Un-
der the new pay, m 1843, there are 68 captains, of
whom 38 are "waiting orders;" 97 commanders, of
whom 57 are "waiting orders and on leave."
The item of pay, in 1841, amounted to $2,335,000,
and we are asked to appropriate for the next twejve
months &3,333,139. To give employment to as
many officers as possible, it is proposed to extend
greatly our naval force; increasing the number of
our vessels in commission largely, and upon every
station, notwithstanding our commerce is reduced,
and we are at peace with all (he world, and have
actually purchased our peace from the only nation
from which we apprehended difficulty.
It was stated somewhere, in some of the reports,
that the appropriation necessary to defray the ex-
penses of courts-martial in the navy would be, this
year, ?p50,000. This was a very large amount, when
contrasted with the service. The disorderly con-
duct of the navy was notorious—no one could de-
fend it. The country was losing: confidence in it
daily, and becoming more unwilling to bear the
burdens of taxation to foster or sustain it. A few
years since, its expenditures did not. exceed four
millions and a half: they are now up to near eight
millions of dollars. Its expense is 'greater now
than during the late war with England. Notwith-
standing the unequivocal declarations of Congress,
