ISO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBg.
Jan. 1845.
27th Cong.. 3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Archer.
Senate,
dollars charged for the frock coats, made in officer's undress
fashion. This will serve {©show the unwarrantable intrusions
on the "appropriation for medicines, referred to in the text. But
it may more strongly be v>et foi th by thia fact: Of seven thousand
one hundred and twenty-one dollars and sixty-four cents, paid
by the navy agent at Philadelphia, from the 1st of October,
1841, to the25thof October, 1842, out of the'appropriation for
'medicines, &c.> only one thousand and forty dollars and nine-
teen cents were for medicines, surgical instruments, and sugical
purposes. The remaining six thousand one hundred and
eighty-one dollars and forty-five cents were for items of expen-
diture, wholly foreign to theintent of the appropriation^ and,
of course, were what have been appropriately called Intrusions
on the fund, not known to be practised, nor thought of by Con-
gress, when they made the appropriations in question.
"How could thirty thousand dollars, appropriated for the
whole naval service, for the whole year 1842, be deemed suffi-
cient^ when a mat-administration of the fund on one station
swept off at once, in a few days more than twelve months,
$6,lSl 45, not lawfully chargeable to the medical fund"? Could
the balance, 623,818 &>, be for a moment thought competent to
supply all the ships, sick quarters, hospitals, &c., in fhe United
States for a whole year? That this maladministration may be
understood, the navy-agent's return to the Bureau of Medicine
and Surgery isannexed, in toto, as an appendix. It will not be
understood, however, that tiie slightest blame is imputed, in these
irregular transactions, to that gentleman, officially,or in any other
way. The irregularity is chargeable, and it is now unhesitatingly
charged, on the governor of the naval asylum, who approved
the bills, and thus ordered their payment out of an appropria-
tion which no sophistry could make chargeable with such bur-
dens. In addition to these irregular outlays, thesum of $3,500 is
reported on the purser's pay-rolls as paid annually, for wages or
pay alone (exelusivfi ol officers' pay,) in that institution; $428
of which is i he wages of a person rated and paid as hospital
steward, who never perfouned five minutes' duty as such in
the hospital, but wae employed solely as purser's clerk, and to
buy provisions, for which he was regularly paid, as any agent
not connected with the institution might have done. Of this
whole amount of $3,500 for wages—the subsistence of those so
paid being a further charge, and paid out of the appropriation
for medicine—only $936 were allowed in the estimates of the
Secretary of the Navy; and, subsequently, $303 per annum
were allowed for a carpenter's mate—making $1,239 allowed;
the balance ($2,361) being entirely unauthorized, or, at least,
very doubtfu Uy authorized.
"It may illustrate this remark to state, that the records of this
bureau show that an eminent surgical instrument-maker, of
Philadelphia, sold certain instruments of his manufacture, of
the first-rate workmanship and approved pattern, for the sum
of $669 81, to certain druggists largely supplying the medical
outfits of vessels in a neighboring seaport. The commission
alluded to m the text, conducted by Benjamin Romans, now of
the Navy Department, shows that these identical instruments
were furnished by the druggists alluded to, to certain vessels, and
that they charged Government for them the sum of $1,224 54;
thus exhibiting a profit of $554 73—m othor words, an exorbi-
tant charge of about 83 per cent.! This, too, on articles of
well-known established price. These prices were approved in
the usual way, and actually paid.
"The same commission brought to light, from actual vouch-
ers, the charge by the same druggists of $287 82, m four
years, for the recipients of medicines and freights, al-
though they state, on oath, that the "drayage, freight,
«fcc., was always paid by them " Epsom salts was invari-
ably charged, in wholesale quantities, at ten cents per pound,
when it can anywhere be purchased of the wholesale dealersat
five cents, and even much less. Half an ounce ofveratria was
charged at eighteen dollars! An ounce ofgnld is worth sixteen
dollars (a doubloon, or ounce.) Thus wasa small white powder
charged at thirty-six dollars an ounce—four dollars more than
twicellhe value of an ounce of gold One ounce of strychnine,
a similar powder, was charged at thirty foui dollars—that is,
two dollars more than twice the value of an ounce ofgold. Two
dozen bottles Bedford spring water were charged eight dollars,
viz., thirty-three centsper bottle. Two scabs of vaccine virus
were charged at nine Mars. Oiled silk, worth (of the best
quality) $1 37£por yard, was charged eighty dollars for twenty
yards—that is, four dollars per yard. Seventv-Uo bottles
compound sirup sarsaparilla were charged at $108, viz ,$l 50
a bottle. The retail price is everywhere seventy five cents a
bottle, and it has been purchased by this bureau, in Philadelphia,
at $7 50 per dozen, or $49 per 72bou!e3.
"In the examination of vouchers by the same commission,
still more extortionate charges appeared on some articles. In
short, the whole of the charges now printed in the documents of
Congress are of the same extortionate character.
"The illustrations given are ample to prove the troth of the
rcmai ksm the text, ori the veracity of furnishers. Of842 501 34
paid by a navy agent at the sen port alluded to, out of the ap-
propriation for 'medicines, &c these furnishers receded
$22,676 10  
The following are some of the expenditures under
the head of appropriations for "medici ne:"
Charcoal -
- $119
Coal ...
- 960
Whiskey -
50
Repairing wagon -
34
Clothing -
- 1,197
Spirits -
- 368
Painting -
180
Harness -
25
Stationery -
103
Mending hose
11
Hay, corn, and oats
113
Stoves and pipes -
47
Bread -
532
Beef and fish
26G
Mutton
211
Sperm oil -
120
Horse-shoeing
14
Repairing locks -
11
SPEECH OF MR. ARCHER,
OF VIRGINIA,
In Senate, January 30, 1843-On the Oregon bill.
Mr. ARCHER commenced by remarking, that
he had been in some degree anticipated by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. McDcffie,]
who had so well discussed this measure, the other
day, in the line of observation he intended to pur-
sue. His opinions not conforming, in some other
respects, however, to the views which had been
expressed by other gentlemen, he was desirous of
an opportunity to state them at this time.
The debate had deviated a good deal from, but
had now reverted to, the appropriate topics—the
consistency of the clause of the bill pledging allo-
dial grants of land to emigrants, with the tenor of
our convention with England on the subject of the
territory; and the general policy of accelerating the
settlement of it bv our people. To bo'h these points
he would say a few words.
All admitted, of course, that we were not to adopt
the claase referred to, if it operated any impair-
ment of the obligation of the convention. A great
and, it seemed to him, strange discrepancy of opin-
ion had been exhibited on this point. The language
ofthe convention seemed in no degree "equivocal."
The import was simply a stipulation for mutual
and free ingress into the territory, and a common
undisturbed use, until the parties should determine
further on the subject. Could there be a question
of the exclusion, under such a condition, of the
ight to exert and convey a full property in the
' oil'?. If the condition did not operate such exclu-
sion, what was its effect"? Had it any?
But suppose the import doubtful—susceptible of
two interpretations, in what source were we to
explore for the right one! to what evidence resort"?
There could be none other than the nature of the
controversy adjusted, and the character of the dis-
cussions which attended the adjustment. Now, the
proposition which he (Mr. A.) maintained was
this: that in the entire progress of the negotiations
on this subject of Oregon—from the beginning to the
end—there had been no point brought into issue,
no question touched in discussion, save the single
one of the title in the territory. Here had been
parties engaged in protracted negotiations as to
what were the grounds of title, and whose the right
to the territory. They find themselves unable to
agree. What is done"2 Resolving nothing on the
subject of title, they make a convention for a com-
mon temporary use, dissoluble at pleasure, by notice.
What is the plain inference from this"? Is it not,
that decision on the title being suspended, the fruits
of full title—all other of its privileges than tem-
porary use; above everything, the unrestricted
authority to dispose in full property—must be sus-
pended also"? If such an arrangement had not this
eftect, where is the matter to be tound to give it
any operation1 What has it been made for"? What
purpose is it to subseivel Is it any more than a
blank"?
It was in the face of this indisputable fact, that
the negotiations had had relation to no other point
or subject than the title to the territory, that the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
t Woodbury] had maintained that the conventions in
which the negotiations resulted were to be regard-
ed as no more than conventions of commerce,
leaving unimpaired and unaffected the right to
carry our claim oi title into the fullest effect, by
disposal of the soil in absolute property, or pledges
to make this disposal oi it. A treaty oi'commerce!
Not only had there been no mention of commerce,
or regulation on the sublet of it, in the negotia-
tions; bill, m truth, there bad been nothing to which
the name of commerce could be applied The
sole business pursued by our people or Englishmen,
at the time, had been the pursuit and dapping of
animals for furs! At the last adoption or renewal
ofthe convention, we had very little interest ofthis
kind; the prosecuti'in of this business by our
people having neaily ceased on the western side of
ihe Rocky Mountains. There had been no oc-
casion, therefore, for arrangement on our part to
regulate this subject; nor a convention at all, unless
for the preservation of our title, liable.to be put in
hazard by our non-user, and the overspreading of
the territory by English use and occupation.
Exclusive title to the territory, or any part, had
not been asserted for England by her negotiators.
Their object had been only to rebut and repel our
claim ofthis character. They admitted our right
as largely as their own, and only went into the in-
vestigation of the grounds of exclusive title, for the
purpose of showing that their title on these grounds
was as defensible as ours. They maintained that
the title of all the world to colonize was equal to
ours and to theirs. This was all shown by the
paper delivered by Messrs. Huskisson and Ad-
dington to our commissioner in 1827, as the suih-
mary of the pretensions of their Government. How
was it conceivable that, in these circumstances, they
had consented to a convention ,the j ustconstruction of
which left as at full liberty to pursue our exclusive
title, and give the fullest effect to ill
In the last discussions, in 1827, it ha# become a
subject of consideration whether we should consent
to any renewal of the convention. Gentlemen
would see this in the correspondence of Mr. Gal-
latin, at that day, with the State Department. But
why niake this a question, if the convention were
to be no restraint on us—if, after admitting it, we
might go on, as before, to execute our claim of
exclusive title, as we saw occasion"? Mr. Gallatin
gave the answer to this inquiry. The renewal
was of use to preserve our title, there being no oth-
er interest at that time to preserve. That was the
sole interest to be consulted. The sole object was
to preserve it. Well! if the convention secured
the preservation of our claim, how could the pro-
tection of the counter claim be excluded from its
influence"? Was it to be effective for us—null
for our adversaryl Was that the principle of con-
struction we were to contend for"? And where
was the limit of' our right to make grants in full
property, or engage for them"? Why might not
these come to cover the whole territory"? And
where was the room for the operation of the con-
vention then"?—what the part England was to have
in jti—the benefit she was to realize or preserve"?
And what were the modes in which the objection,
that a breach of the compact would be involved in
the adoption of this clause of the bill, was met"?
First, by the allegation that Great Britain had pre-
ceded us in this same form of breach of compact.
That position, however, had been found untenable
—having encountered refutation from the docu-
ment furnished under the call of the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Mohehead.] What was the
next ground"? That Great Britain had come to
enjoy almost the entire usufruct and advantages of
the territory—nearly as much as she would under an
exclusive title. But by what means'? Not by constraint
or intimidation exerted on our people—that was
not pretended; but as the consequence of a dex-
terous management of the Indians, and the prac-
tice of overbidding for furs, and underselling" in
merchandise! Well! superior adroitness in the
use of a subject of stipulation, no more than Ihe
same adroitness displayed in obtaining it, consti-
tuted an effect of contravention, which set at work
the rule, that breach on one side remitted obligation
on the other! His friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Morehbad] could hardly, he thought, feel himself
strong on this ground. There was none left to
countervail the allegation of breach of compact
prominent in the clause of the bill assuring the
grants of title to the emigrants whom it invited to
the territory.
Passing by this consideration, however, (which,
prevailing as it was, has formed his chief in-
ducement to trespass on the Senate:) suppose we
could be justified in Ihe conclusion, that the contro-
verted clause of the bill involved no breach of
compact,—it was to be remembered that (here was
another party besides ourselves to exercise the of-
fice of interpretation. The aspect in which that party
might regard it was not devoid (as the action of
ihe advocates of the clause to be intelligible must
conceive) of interest to us. Suppose the construc-
tion of the clause by Great Britain, differing from
ours, should infer a deviation from the compact.
There were gentlemen in this body, indeed, who
could not be found to admit that a question had
more than one side in our controversies with other
nations. This did not make it less true, in the
event that there might prove to be two sides. What
if there did here1? Great Britain had commercial
relations with us far too valuable to be sacrificed
for any value she could attach to Oregon in a naked,
simple estimate of values and advantages. That
she should put the one in the scales with the other,
in this view, was not conceivable, in her large-
sighted commercial policy.
But another consideration there was, which, mix-
ed with this, no English ministry of any party had
the power, more than the inclination, todi'regard—
and this was the point of national honor. Rupture
