JaU. 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ttt
27TH CO!*G...'3D Skss.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Archer.
Senate.
for the mere sake of Oregon, he repeated, was
tot conceivable. But he would tell gentlemen
what was entirely conceivable: that England, if she
considered the mode of occupation we proposed
as infringing our arrangement with her, might
stand on that point, when she would not on the
value of the territory; or would proceed on our
own plan, and occupy in the same manner the por-
tion she aspired to possess. What he (Mr. A)
maintained, was, that either of these procedures on
her part must have an effect to complicate the
question of adjustment, augment the chances of a
less favorable result than might otherwise be ex-
pected, and put us in a position of contest less
commanding than that which we were entitled to
occupy.
Both the gentlemen from Missouri, and indeed
all the friends of the bill, insisted that, situated as
we were in relation to the territory—our people
coterminous, and with the irresistible propensity of
a portion of them to migration—the result was in-
evitable, that the country would fall into our pos-
session. This opinion was, to all appearance, well
founded. Why, then, from impatience to accele-
rate, adopt acourse whiehhadan obvious tendency
to compromise this result"! And did we not adopt
such a course, when, with negotiation long permu-
ted, yet depending, recently resumed, we decided
to disregard it, and to establish the measure of
adjustment for ourselves"! He might safely ap-
peal to candor to give the answer to this inquiry.
If we took a step of this character, we must be
prepared, of course, to maintain it. Then, pru-
dence demanded that we should estimate the conse-
quences. He had no design to hold up the power of
England in terror. We were well able to maintain
conflict with her, if just occasion should require it.
But, in reference to this Territory of Oregon as
one of the theatres of contest, in the event of war, it
was worthy of inquiry—on which side lay the bal-
ance of advantage, in waging this contest'? The
territory was remote from both the contending par-
ties—the means of either, for military operations
there, inconsiderable. But Great Britain had, if
no formal military force, a considerable body of
men connected with the Hudson Bay Company
disposable for military purposes, as not'engaged in
agricultural pursuits,'and of military habits. She
had established relations of control with the Indians
contiguous, who must become auxiliaries in the
contest. She had command of the ports by which
access to supplies—military or other—was to be
afforded; superiority on the ocean, over which these
supplies must be transported. She had dependen-
cies and relations with the opposite continent of
Asia, bringing her into comparative neighborhood
to Oregon. In all these respects we were inferior;
our settlements being recent, and agricultural
merely. We were under no disadvantage, indeed,
as legarded the transportation ol forces by land; but
neither had we any considerable advantage in that
respect, as Canada was neai ly as convenient as our
territories to the scene.
Then, in the event of war, if neither party
deemed the ob|ect worth the additional force its
maintenance would require, our means of mainte-
nance already theie were inadequate and inferior;
and we must be exposed to the loss of the terri-
tory. If the object should be considered worth the
transfer of further force,%on the other hand, then
England would enjoy decided advantage over us
in transporting to the scene the force and supplies
required lor operation; and we should, in this
event, too, probably incur the loss of this subject
of contcst. If we got it back at the close of the
conflict, in this Jesuit we must pay the price in
some form of compensation elsewhere. Would it
be worth any equivalent we might probably have
to offer"? If the war was to end on tiie ground of
the status quo—that is to say, leaving the parties
as they were at the outset—then we should have our
own, minus the sacrifices of the contest. If it were
to end on the ground of the uli possidetis—or of
each party retaining what it was in possession of at
the close—then we should lose the subject of con-
test, without a compensation. In one or other of
the three modes mentioned, the conflict must have
its termination. In neither would we be a gainer,
as respected this particular subject; which we must
be exposed to lose, or to a cost for preservation;
or, in the event of recovery after loss, for restora-
tion, incomparably superior to any value which
could, in a sober estimate, be attached to it at the
present, or at any early period. He had to say to
his friend from Missouri, therefore, that he—not
his friend—was the true advocate of our interest
in this territory; that the plan proposed was the
course to put the territory in jeopardy, and the
only course; that it was the conviction of this
truth, mainly, which led to the opposition to this
course.
There was a further, and it ought to be a prevail-
ing consideration, bearing on this view of the sub-
ject. The bill extended our jurisdiction over the
entire contested territory to latitude 34 degrees 40
minutes, the limit of the Russian possession. But
in both the negotiations we have had on this ques-
tion, we had yielded our assent to being restricted
to the line of the 49th parallel of latitude. Were
we now to recede from this proposition, proceeding
from ourselves, and a I Hie instant of consenting to
the resumption of negotiation? We were author-
ized to do this in negotiation, propositions not binding
unless accepted. But how far would it be consist-
ent in itself, or conformable to comity, or prudent,
to adopt such a course, with a negotiation depend-
ing, in which this very proposal may have been (as
it probably has been) renewed, to form the basis of
discussion"? Who ever, indeed, heard before the
present instance, of authorizing negotiation, and at
the same moment proceeding to terminate the issue
by action which was conclusive of it"! Was not
such a mode of proceeding novel in international
transactions'!
Whatever the course we pursue, this affair must
be settled by negotiation at last. Nobody supposed
that Great Britain was going to recede before our
claim, and yield us the whole subject of con-
troversy, part of which we had professed our will-
ingness to surrender. Then ! war, or no war, nego-
tiation must untie the knot, and put the conclusion.
If. there were war—that must have an end too, and
by negotiation. Why not let the conclusion in this
mode be the antecedent to war, not the result of it"!
The truth was, that negotiation would furnish a
settlement more advantageous for us, than the al-
lowance of ourelaimiothe 49th degree of latitude.
Prom the character of the country, and the de-
ficiency of harbors within the limits of the 4
and 49th degree—the boundaries of our latest de-
mand—a conventional line could probably, nay
certainly, be run on the basis of the proposition to
that effect, (not the exact proposition,) which had
been made by the British commissioners to Mr.
Gallatin in 1827; which would be more advantageous
than the line of 49 degrees for both tiis parties.
Why preclude the chance of this mode of adjust-
ment, by a step which (to say the least of il) might
tend to the rupture of negotiation'? There could
be no advised policy m such a proceeding.
Tie came now to the views which he partook
with the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
McDuffjb,] who had asked what the considerations
were which called on us for the indulgence of a
spirit of impatience on this subject of the occupation
of Oregon"! The Senator from Missouri told us,
indeed, that our people had already gone there, and
that it ought not to be a question as to our following
them with adequate protection. He would not now
discuss the doctrine how far a migratory population
was allowed to give (not take) the law from the dis-
cretion of their own Government, as respected the
progress of the settlement of territory, and to drag
forward the public authority toany distance, expense,
or exposure to collisions with foreign powers. How-
ever this might be, the proposition could not be con-
troverted—that regard to the general interests ought
to weigh for something in deciding on the policy to
be observed; at least as to the form and measure of
the subsidiary action which was required of the
Government. If we were bound to follow our
population to Oregon, we were not bound to adopt
a plan to fill the territoiy up with population; for
that was the scope of the present project—to hold
out a lure to emigration to it. Now, let us look a
little at the inducements to this course—the advan-
tages to be anticipated.
The country was separated not only from our
present, but any settlement we could ever have,
(unless we expelled the Indians from all habita-
tion within the limits of our claim of territory,)
by a vast tract of Indian territory—much of it a
desert. Then came the utterly barren and almost
impracticable chain of the Rocky Mountains, pene-
trable at only infrequent passes, remote from
each other. Then the territory proper, divided in
its whole length bv ledges of mountain ranges, bar-
ren, little practicable, penetrated by streams un-
navigable save m detached portions, and not admit-
ting ol being rendered navigable in their full ex-
tent. These led to the thirdand last tract of valley
on the seaboard of the Pacific, suited for an Asiatic
(not an American) dependency, if it were to be re-
garded of value as a dependency at all.
This portion was suitable for agriculture; but
the only really valuable part for this purpose "(that
in which our people were settled) was destitute of
any tolerable harborage, and could never com-
mand any by art. The country, taken in its whole
extent, could at no day certainly have a very large
production, nor any considerable trade. From the
production and trade it might come to command,
owing to our position, the share of advantage
could never be very considerable to us. And this
was the country of which we were called upon to
precipitate the settlement, by a forced opeiation!
At what cost"! Not the mere promise of the land—
that would be nothing in itself; but, first, of consid-
erable expense, then at the hazard of national em-
broilment.
We had passed a bill to reduce the army last
year. But we had also learned, from a {eport of
the War Department, responsive to a call, that the
prosecution of the proposed plan of the occupation,
of Oregon would demand an addition to our mili-
tary establishment (not the reduced—the full) of
sixteen hundred men. The estimate had been giv-
en in detail; the number of forts, the number of
men stated. Were we now to retrace our pol-
icy of retrenchment, as respected our military es-
tablishment, and make a large advance in the oppo-
site policy of enlargement"! And for what object"!
To gain Oregon prematurely"! It was conceded
that, by waiting the natural, and not slow progress
of events, it must become ours. And the compen-
sations! The business of collecting furs being
confessedly nearly extinct in the region which
would fall to our share, what were they"! The
burdens must be considerable; and as the country
could not pass for along lime from the condition of
a Territory, (supposing we would ever permit it to
do so by incorporation in the Union,) in which all
expenses were borne by this Government, these
burdens must be continuous for a long, or for all
time. There would be no revenue, inconsiderable
trade, a frontier removed, to become a source ofex-
posure and weakness. But there was a further
view. We had 700,000,000 of acres of land, or
some immense amount, on this side of the Rocky
Mountains, yet undisposed of. A large proportion,
besides its other advantages, was of a fertility with
which no country (certainly not Oregon) could
bear comparison. Why tempt our people from
this region, where they would conduce to our
strength by their numbers, to our revenue by their
consumption"!—what was more, where they would
become the purchasers of land from us, instead of
having it given to themtogo from us"!
We heard every day, on the floor of this cham-
ber, of the deplorable deficiencies in the revenue,
of the importance of the branch of it derived from
the public lands, and the necessity of cherishin„
this great resource against over-taxation in thl
other department of the revenue, and all the mis_
chievous results of it. Yet here was a policy im-
pairing both sources of revenue—tempting away
the people—who, if they remained, would buy the
lands, contribute to the imposts which nourished
the Genera), and to the "taxation which was re-
quired to uphold the revenues of the State Gov-
ernments. And this was to be done at a time when
the revenues of the General Government were in
the last stage of depression, the State revenues
sunk under their burdens, and the population of
the States nearest to Oregon prompted to fly, with-
out any lure of invitation, from the taxation de-
manded by these burdens 1
The reverse side of the argument presented no
relief to the conclusion. No revenue, little trade,
fixed and continuing expense, exposure to Indian
and to foreign embroilments;—the theatre of em-
broilment, remote from access by land, nearly cut
off from access by forts, and on which the adver-
sary with whom we must contend had preoccupied
all the advantages, subjecting us to disproportioned
efforts to maintain ourselves in conflict, and a
price of success which bore no relation to the
value of the object.
Such was the policy we were recommended by
the bill, in its present form, to adopt! And the
ground!—the mode of appeal!—the topic of in-
citement addressed to us !—what were they"! Why,
the penalty of acting, or seeming to act, under 1
the fear of war with Great Britain—the intruder
on all rights—the encroaeher in all regions! Well
