132
APflSNDlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1043,
7th Cong--"3d Sess.
Northwestern Boundary—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
lie confessed it; he-was afraid of war; and, in particu-
lar, . With Great Britain. War for no adequate
causer? War—we giving the provocation, not Great
Britain'? He. did not aspire to the courage which
took .bo, account of consequences—which was
reck)ess fet others—tor , the country. He feared
rupture, v?ith Great' Britain in particular. And
■why? , for; the season, simply, that this power,
having more aad jnearer points of contact with us—
wider and wore intimate, and more important rela-
tions—war with this power must be fraught with
deeper injury to us. He must lake this considera-
tion into apcount, though the gentleman from Mis-
souri would not. Aggression from any power was
to be repelled, but not aggression made, because
another power had the habit of aggression. This
would be to take example from what we blamed.
And he insisted that Great Britain, in availing
herself of a larger and more beneficial use of the
territory, under the compact for a common use,
(all that had been shown against her,) practised
no aggression; whilst we asserted, by this bill, an
authority beyond a common use. Which was the
party, then, that was to be considered as committing
pacific relations to hazard?
B.oth the gentlemen from Missouri disclaimed,
indeed, any purpqse of provoking rupture with
Great Britain; and doubtless they.spoke in all sin-
cerity. But what was the language they had em-
ployed, and reiterated, in speaking of Great Brit-
ami If no provocation was designed or imputed
by such language, what was the language they
would resort to when provocation was designed?
• What language would import it? He should be
glad to hear the distinction stated. Our negotiator
had told us that, in his judgment, the tenacity of
the British commissioners m the discussions of
1824 on this subject had been, in a great degree,
attributable to proceedings here, and language
held in Congress, by which-the pride of the Eng-
lish Government had been wounded. Why should
we have surprise at such an effect, at that time or
this, when our own sensibility had been prompt to
take exception at a mere suspicion of adroitness
or success in turning the arrangement between the
Governments to account?
Amid other topics of illustration of the encroach-
ing temper of the English Government, the charac-
ter of her policy towards China and Affghanistan
had been introduced into the debate. Now he (Mr.
A.) read the character oi the latest proceedings in
those quarters very differently since the present
wise Administration had succeeded to the manage-
ment of affairs in England. In the mid career of
the most triumphant success in China, with no im-
pediment to an unrestricted progress of her arms,
what was the spectacle England had exhibited?
Why, that she preferred the interests of commerce
to conquest; as she would the larger interests of
our commerce to Oregon, if the question were com-
plicated with no provocation to her pride.
And, then, Affghanistanl What had been ner
recent conduct there? She had decided to retire
from her establishments in that country, evidently
from just perception of the impolicy of extension
of dominion in that quarter. The present minis-
try were manifestly alive to the great truth, that
commerce was the talisman of English prosperity
—not the extension of territory, save for the inter-
ests of commerce. Before consenting to the aban-
donment of Affghanistan, however, let it be re-
membered that the English arms had returned there,
after expulsion, to preserve the point of honor.
Did the history of this proceeding suggest to us
no instruction? We too had an Affghanistan and
a Hindostan. The Oregon Territory was as far
beyond the region of our present interests of set-
tlement and occupation, as Affghanistan was re-
mote from any real connexion of interest with
Hindostan, The valley region of the Mississippi,
if its Ganges had seven mouths of discharge, as one
time it must, would not be the empire of Hindos-
tan, in its capacity of ministering to opulence and
power. We could not withdraw entirely from
our Affghanistan; but was it wise to make an ef-
fect to divert our population and resources from
this Hindostan to that Affghanistan? No one
thought of withholding protection from our peo-
ple who had gone to Oregon, or might go there.
The question was not on that point, but on the
policy of instituting boirnty on migration there;
which the bill did. He (Mr. A.) made no objec-
tion to extending the jurisdiction of Iowa to Oregon,
to the establishment of Indian agencies there, to an
appropria^on for exploration as regarded the oc-
casion, and position of forts, and their future estab-
lishment if found to be required, (steps which
England had taken;) hehad no objection, in short, to
any provision which ■would lead us. pari passu
with the action of the English Government, not
inconsistent with reciprocal stipulations. Consid-
ering the clause of the bill so much discussed, m
relation to the allodial grants of land, as presenting
that inconsistency, he was obliged towage oppo-
sition to this provision. He did so,- not on. this
ground only; but on the farther ground, that the
effect of such provision must be more probably to
compromise than advance the objects of obtaining
the territory eventually; and, in doing so, might
also compromise the harmonious relations "with
the power with which we were litigating on this
subject, on which great and equal interests of
both parties were dependent.
SPEECH OF Mr. BENTON,
of missouri.
In Senate, Thursday, February 2,1843.—On the
alteration of the boundary between Lake Supe-
rior and the Lake of the Woods.
Mr. BENTON said he had now finished all that
he meant to say on the immediate subject before
the Senate; but, in the progress of the debate,
another question had grown up, springing out of
the main one, and constituting a episode of some
length as well as of much interest. The Oregon
question connects itself with the merits of the late
British treaty; and the refusal of the British min-
ister to include this question in that treaty, has
placed in higher relief the vices of the treaty itself;
and, among others, the unexpected sacrifice of the
old line ot 1783, between the Lake Superior and
the Lake of the Woods, and the free admission of
British fur-traders and their goods to the places
within our limits, from which they were removed
under Jay's treaty, forty years ago. This vice in
the treaty has been several times brought to the no-
tice of the Senate by me; and, thanks to the opposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Choate,] will now be kept before it until the at-
tention of the Senate and the country is directed to
it, and the public opinion determined and fixed.
The Senator from Massachusetts (said Mr, B.)
is evidently much in earnest in all that he says;
but he has fallen into two errors, which lead him
entirely astray—the error of applying his testimony
to the wrong river; and of confounding the treaty
line of 1783, wilh the trading route followed at
that time. The British letters, in the shape of af-
fidavits, from which he read some parts as appli-
cable to the northern branch of the Pigeon river
route, were wholly applicable to theKamanistiquia
route, 50 miles further north; and the treaty line
was the water communication along the northern
branch of the Pigeon river and its connecting
lakes, and not the trading route which was on the
portage route of the same waters, but south of them.
All this would be made clear on the maps, and
would show the Senator the mistakes under which
he labored, and which led to his erroneous con-
victions.
My complaint against the Secretary-negotiator
is, that he sacrificed the boundary of the United
States in this part of the northwestern line; gave
up to the British what had belonged to us for sixty
years, and which was all that was worth contending
for in that quarter; and then affected to have made
a grand acquisition, and to have secured to us four
millions of acres of fine mineral lands, where he
had actually made this sacrifice. By settling a dis-
puted line, as he conceives, he has attained this
fine result, when, in fact, there was no dispute
about the line there; (Lord Ashburton refusing to
second the Biitish fur traders' demand of the St.
Louis river;) and all the alteration made was to our
prejudice—being the loss of all the territory be-
tween the two Pigeon river routes; the loss of the
old trading route which commanded the Indian
trade; and the lo>s of the revenue which the Brit-
ish fur company should have paid us on the goods
carried through our territories.
The map which I have hung on the Secretary',
table will explain what I say, and wili show that
from Lake Superior there are three routes (water
and portage lines) leading from the west part of
that lake to the Lake of the Woods; and that the
middle one of these, (called the Lony Lakes, on
Mitchell's map used in 1783, and Pigeon river in
modern maps,) is the boundary under the treaty;
has been so held and marked for sixty years; so
admitted by the British fur traders in 1802; and so
declared by Lord Ashburton at the late treaty.
This route, by Pigeon river, divides, within twenty
miles after leaving Lake Superior, into two branch-
es; and, after joining and separating repeatedly,
and going through a succession of small lakes and
rivers, and sometimes diverging to the extent of
half adegree, finally become united in Rainy Lake,
at the distance of nearly two hundred miles from
Lake Superior. The northern of these branches
is called the water communication, because it ap-
proaches -within six hundred and seventy-nine
paces of the waters of the Lake of the Woods: the
other is called the portage route, because it has
thirty-six portages in it. The water communica-
tion is the boundary, under the treaty of 1783: the
portage route was the trading one practised by the
French, when they occupied Canada, and by the
British until they gave it up under Mr. Jay's treaty.
This is the character of the two routes; though, in
my speech upon the treaty, the northern branch was
consideied the trading route, which it is not. The
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Choate] has set
me right in that particular; lor which I have rea-
son to lhank[him, as he shad! soon see.
The other two routes are l'ar to the north and to
the south of this; the northern, fifty miles distant at
the Kamanistiquia river, and through Dog Lake;
the southern, at the St. Louis river, 240 miles
south, at the western extremity of the Lake Supe-
rior. The Kamanistiquia route is called by the
British the new route; being opened by them in
1802, when they had to give up the old French
route. The St. Louis river route is called Fond
du Lac, because at the extremity of the lake; and
has no political, and but little commercial import-
ance. The great points in the case are—1. The old
British trading-post called the Grand, Portage, or
Fort Charlotte, at the entrance of Pigeon river, and
a few miles south of its mouth. 2. The new British
post at the mouth of the Kamanistiquia, and just
north of it, called Fort William. 3. Hunter's Isl-
and, where these two routes unite. These three
points are cardinal in this inquiry; for they are the
landmarks of the national boundaries, as admitted,
declared, and acted upon by the British themselves,
from the time that Jay's treaty compelled them to
remove from our limits. The Grand Porto.ge, as
seen marked upon every map, was evacuated by
the British in 1802, under the article of Jay's treaty
which stipulated for the surrender of the Western
posts, and was abandoned to us as ourproperty. Fort
William, as seen ifpon the same maps fifty miles
north, was established by the British at the same
time, because it was on their territory; and it be-
came the great depot of their goods and furs. This
remained the case from Jay's treaty to Webster's
treaty; but now it is the case no longer. What
Jay's treaty—bad as it was—secured to us in that
quarter, Webster's treaty—good as it is—has taken
Irom us! And, more; it has drawn in the line for
near two hundred miles, from the northern branch
to the southern branch of the Pigeon-river route!
has given the British all the territory between the
two branches, including the large island called
Hunter's! has given them the old trading-route
which controls the Indians ! and, in addition to all
this, has exempted them from the payment of the
duties, which they moved away to avoid at the time
of Jay's treaty!
These are the allegations; and now for the proof.
And the chief part of this proof shall be drawn
from the British themselves—from the members of
their powerful fur company, and from Lord Ash-
burton, who accomplished for them, in the late
treaty, what they vainly attempted under the Ghent
commission, and all they have been wishing for
forty years.
X'begin with the Grand Portage, on the western
shore of Lake Superior, the former seat of trade
and empire of |the British Northwest Company;*
*" Lake Superior is the largest and most mag-
nificent body of fresh water in the world: it is clear
and pellucid, of great depth, and abounding in a
great variety of fish, which are the most excellent
of their kind. * * * The company keep a ves-
sel of from 50 to 70 tons on this lake, to transport
the goods coming from Montreal to the Grand
Portage, and to return the fuis. * * * The
Grand Portage is situated on a pleasant bay on the
north side ol the lake, in latitude 48, and longitude
90 west from Greenwich. At the entrance of the
bay is an island, which screens the harbor from
every wind excepi the south, * * * The bay
