Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
137
27ra Cong. .. 3d Sbss.
Northwestern Boundary—Mr. Benton.
Senate.
in which the same silence is observed, and the same
inference is to be drawn.
Thus, eight treaties, and sixty years' possession,
-consecrated our boundary in this quarter: yet the
treaty of 1842 disregarded these eight treaties, this
sixty years' possession, and the uniform and unani-
mous voice of all negotiators, and of all adminis-
trations; and delivered up this important boundary
to the powerful British fur traders, now more pow-
erful than ever, whose dominion extends from
ocean to ocean, and from the lakes to Hudson's
Bay! whose strength is now united under a single
charter—that of the Hudson Bay Company; who
employ many thousand men, control innumerable
Indians, and whose forts, formed into regular
chains, cover all the country west and north from
Lake Superior to the coast of, the Pacific, and to
the shores of Hudson's Bay. The treaty of 1842
restores these powerful and now united traders to
their former headquarters—the seal of their an-
cient empire at the Grand Portage—and to the great
trading route, which the treaty of 1783 gave to the
United States. The treaty of 1842 does all this:
and now some notice of this treaty is to be
taken; and from this notice it will be seen that our
Secretary-negotiator, in the Noithwest as in the
Northeast, became the advocate of the British;
acted as the agent or solicitor of Lord Ashburton,
in seeking testimony against his own country; and
depreciated the value of our territory, as well as
the importance of our boundaries, for the sake of
having an excuse to give them away! The cor-
respondence, meagre as it is, and destitute of pro-
tocols, still proves this; and to this proof we will
now have recourse.
On the 16th day of July, 1842, Lord Ashburton,
in his letter of that date, in arriving at the boun-
dary west of Lake Superior, and reciting the dif-
ferences between the British and American com-
missioners in relation to that boundary, proceeds
to say to Mr. Webster:
"III considering the second point, it l-eally appears of little
importance to either party how the line be determined through
the wild country between Lake Superior anil the Lake of the
Woods, but it is important that some line should be fixed
and known."
* * * * ■ * *
"The American commissioner asked for the line from Lake
Suporioi up the river Kamanietiquia to the lake called Dog
Lake, which he supposed to be the same as that called Long
Lake in the treaties; thence through Sturgeon Lake to the
Lac la Pluie, to that point where the two lines assumed by the
commissioners again meet."
* * * * * *
l,The British commissioner, on the other hand, contended for
aline from the southwestern extremity, at a pomt called I,e
Fond du Lac, to the middle of ihe mouth of the estuary, or
lake of St. Louis river; thence up that river, through Vermillion
rivei, to Lac la Pluie."
******
"Iioouldpropose that the linebe taken from a 'point about
six miles south of Pigeon river, where the Grand Portage
tommences i>n the lake, and continued along the line of sunt
portage, alternately by land ami wale:, to Lac la Pluie;
the existing route by land and by water remaining com-
mon to both pat ties.''
To this intimation from Lord Ashburton, that
some line from Lake Superior to the Lake of the
Woods should be fixed and known, it would have
been sufficient for Mr. Webster to have answered,
that such a line was fixed and known!—had been
for sixty years!—and, for lorty years of that time,
had been conformed to by the British themselves1
And to his proposition to take the portage route of
Pigeon river for this boundary, it would have been
sufficient for him to have answered, that the North-
west Company retired from that route under Jay's
treaty; were still fifty miles beyond it; and that all
administrations, and particularly Mr. Adams's in
1827, had refused to alter the wafer boundary, and
permit them to return to the trading route. This
would have been sufficient, one would think. But not
so, thought Mr. Webster. The first thing we see of
him is a correspondence with Messrs. Delafield
and Ferguson, (one oi whom had been the agent,
and the other the astronomer and surveyor, oh the
part of the United States, under the 7th article of
the Ghent treaty,) bearing dale the 20th and 25th
days of July; which was two days and seven days
before he answered Lord Ashburton's letter!
which answer happens to bear date on the 27ih
day of the same July!
In this correspondence we find these passages
jn a letter from the Secretary-negotiator to Mr.
Ferguson:
"Whatis the general nature c.f the country between the
mouth of the Pigeon river and the Rainy Lake? Of what forma-
tion is it, and how is its surface? and will any considerable por-
tion of its area be fit for cultivation? Are its waters active and
running streams, as in other paits of the United States; or are
they deadlak.es. swamps, and morasses'* 11 the latter be their
general character, at what point, as you proceed westward, do
the waters receive a more decided character as running
streams?
"There are said to be tico lines of communication, each
partly by water and partly by portages, irom the neighbor-
hood of Pigeon river to the Rainy Lake: one by way of Fowl
Lakes, the Saganaga Lake, and the Cypress Lake; the other
by way of Arrow river and lake, then by way of Saganaga
Lake, and through the river Maligne, meeting the other route
at Lake la Croix, and through the river Namecan in the
Rainy Lake. Do you know any reason for attaching great
preference to either of these two lines? Or do you consider it
of no importance, in any point of view, which tmayfj be
agreed to?
These are the inquiries; and they are put, as the
lawyers say,-leadingly—that is to say, they are so
put as to lead the witnesses' minds to the answers
wanted. The desired answers evidently were—
Urst, that the country was worth nothing; secondly,
that it was immaterial which route was taken for
the national boundary. The object of getting
these answers was evidently to have a pretext for
giving up the territory between the two routes
to the British, and to give them the choice of the
routes—as if the British were silly enough to be
struggling for forty years for sterile land, and an
immaterial boundary. The gentlemen answer;
and, in all that relates to the character of the soil,
are explicit as to its worthlessness: but not so as
to the two routes. On this point, Mr. Delafield,
the United States astronomer and surveyor under
the Ghent commission, answers:
. "There is, nevertheless, much interest felt by the fur-trailers
on this subject of boundary. To them H is of much import-
ance, as they conceive; and it is, in fact, of national import-
ance. Had the British commissioner consented to proceed
by the P.geon river, which is the Long Lake of Mitchell's
map, it la probable there would havo been an agreement There
were several ieasons for his pertinacity, and for this disagree-
ment—which belong, however, to the private history of the
commission, and can be stated when required.3'
Here the answer disappoints the inquiry. Instead
of following the lead held out by the question, and
answering "that it was of no importance, in any
point of view, which route may be agreed to;"—in-
stead of this, he answers that it is of much impor-
tance—of national importance—and that the fur-
traders take much interest in it. Thus, the an-
swer disappoints the question; but to no purpose.
Our Secretary pays no attention to his own testi-
mony, when it makes in favor of his own country;
and readily gives the British all they ask, and re-
stores them to the route they had to relinquish under
Jay's treaty. The testimony proves the importance
of this boundary; but why resort to testimony"? The
conduct of the British is ilsslf the strongest of all
testimony, and should supersede the resort to any
other. Up to the year 1802, they held on to this
route in defiance of the treaty of 1783; in 1802 they
removed from it, in consequence of Jay's treaty, and
explored the new, diflicult, dangerous, costly route
of the Kamanistiquia; to get back from which,
and especially to recover the master post of the
Grand Portage, had been the objcct of their labors
for forty years. The value which they placed
upon the recovery of the old route, should have
been sufficient to open the eyes of our Secretary to
the sacrifice he was making. But, neither this
conduct, pregnant as it was; nor the testimony of
Mr. Ferguson, pointed as it was-; nor all that pass-
ed before the Ghent commissionets, could check
his desire to oblige the British at the expense of his
own country. He perseveres m his design to grant
Lord Ashburton all he demanded; and this he has-
tens to do, although Mr. Ferguson, the other wit-
ness to whom he appeals,^ gives him pointed testi-
mony, derived from their own conduct,against the
fur-traders' claim. He says:
"I have no doubt that the b.iy of the Pigeon liver is the Long
Lake of the treaty ol 1/83. ft is designated by the name on
Mitchell's map, which, at that tune, was the only map existing
ot these iegiou<>: anil was proven, by the evidence of Mr. John
Adams and Mr. John Jay, to have been the only geographical
description before the negotiators of the first treaty. Though
evidently defective and erroneous, it is but fair to take it as an
evidence of the intention. In addition to this evidence of the
constt uction of the treaty of 1783, at the time it was concluded,
we have this fact furthei—that, immediately after the peace,
the traders ol the Northwest Fur Company destroyed their
forts and warehouses at the Grand Portage, and'Bjmoved
themselves to Fort William, ten leagues on the other"stde of
the Pigeon river— a course which could only have been adopted
for the reason that they supposed their previous location would
now be on foreign territory. In addition, I have never heard
this construction of the tieaty of 1783 questioned by any of
the 'oartrip! 9 of the British Fur Company whom I have met
in that quarter. '
Both the gentlemen appealed to, give testimony
in favor of their own country; but all to no pur-
pose. One asserts the importance of the boundary
in a national point of view; the other quotes the
conduct of the fur traders against themselves; but
no matter—our Secretary persists in his design to
treat the choice of boundaries as of no importance,
and to give the British their own choice, and to re-
establish them in their old headquarters. On the
27th day of July, in the same letter in which he
"proposes" to Lord Ashburton the new Mainebound-
ary, he also "proposes" to him the new Lake Supe-
rior boundary; and does it in the precise words
proposed by Mr. "William McGiltfvray, the chief of
the then Northwest Company, to the board under the
Ghent commission in 1824-27. The Pigeon riv-
er—North and South Fowl Lakes—the Lake. Sasa-
ginaga—Cypress Lake—Lac du BoisBlanc—Lac Lb
Croix—Little Vermillion Lake—Lake Namecan—
are all followed in this letter with minute particu-
larity and Oriental scrupulosity. And then he adds
a clause in relation to the portages, which is a copy
of Lord Ashburton's demand, as Lord Ashburton's
is a copy of Mr. Barclay's, which is itself a copy
of Mr. William McGillivray's. Here is the Web-
ster proposition for the portages in this portentous
letter of July, 1827, consisting of the precise words
which now constitute a part of the treaty:
"It being understood that all the water communications, and
all the usual portages along the line from Lake e tiperior to the
Lake of the Woods, and also Grand Portage, from the shore of
Lake Superior to the Pigeon river, as now actually used, shall
be free and open to the use of the subjects and citizens of both
countries."
And this ends the chapter of our wrongs on this
section of our boundary between Lake Superior
and the Lake of the Woods. The great united
Hudson Bay and Northwest Company can now re-
turn as masters to the place from which they retired
as trespassers forty years ago. After forty years
wanderings in the wilderness of the Kamanisti-
quia, a deliverer and a leader has appeared to lead
them forth. A new Joshua, in the person of our
Secretary-negotiator, has come to the rescue; and
the Grand Poktagf. and the southern roBte are
again to become the seat of trade and empire to a
sovereign company, whose control over the Indians
has cost the United States a myriad of lives, and a
hundred millions of money.
It is in vain that the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Choate,] feeling the overwhelming effect of
this concession, labors fo establish a distinction be-
tween the possession of the portages and their use.
It is to no purpose, he alleges, that the late treaty
has only granted the use of the Grand Portage,
and the thirty-six other portages, formerly ours; it
is a distinction without a difference. The new
treaty alters the boundary; and then makes these-
portages free and common to each party. And this
makes the treaty-rights of the British equal to our
own; while their actual rights will be far superior
to ours. The treaty makes us equal: the power of
the company will make us unequal! They will
have the exclusive use and possession on this line,
as they have, under the same words, on the Colum-
bia river. Every American who ventures on these
portages will be shot by British Indians, as a thou-
sand of them have been shot who have ventured to
hunt or trade on the Columbia iince the convention
of 1818. It is in vain for the Senator to say the
British cannot build and establish posts and de-
pots on these portages: I answer, under the treaty
their rights are equal to ours'that, in fact, they wiil
be greater! and that British territory being now
brought down to contiguity with all these portages,
thev can build and fortify adjoining to them, and
still be upon their own territory. It is in vain that
he relies upon the portage privileges in Mr. Jay's
treaty. Those privileges only applied to the port-
ages on the existing boundaries under the treaty of
1783; while the Webster treaty alters that boundary
to confer these privileges in a new place! in a
place from which Mr. Jay's treaty compelled these
traders to remove in 1802! It is in vain that he
pleads the immateriality of the routes. That plea is
invalidated by the conductof the British themselves,
in holding on to theportage route for twenty years
after the peace of '83, and by forty vears' exertion
since to get back to it. It is invalidated by the tes-
timony of Mr. Delafield. It is invalidated by every
Btitish affidavit produced before the Ghent commis-
sioners, It is in vain to prove that the land is poor
and steril. What do the British want with our
poor landl That is the same plea on which Maine
was dismembered and mutilated, and our military
frontiers there given up. If poor land is a plsa for
the surrender of oar territory, the mouth of the
Mississippi,|andall the Gulf coast, andmuchmore,
may be surrendered: for it can be proved to be unfit
for cultivation. Mr. Webster can get affidavits
to that effect, and surrender half the frontiers of
the Union in his next British treaty. These pleas.
