138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 1843.
27th Cons--«*3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Calhoun.
Senate.
will not do. They will not justify or excuse the
sacrifice of ancient boundaries, the concession of
territory, the grant of privileges, and the1 exemp-
tion from duties to a powerful and hostile company,
wielding innumerable Indian tribes against us.
While making this sacrifice of an ancient and
valuable boundary in this quarter, and bringing
back the British to the ground from which they re-
tired so long ago, our Secretary-negotiator has had
the modesty to afiect.an acquisition of four millions
of acres of fine mineral land in the same place; and
our President has been good-natured enough to in-
timate the same thing in his message of August'
last. They do not exactly say so; but they make
people believe it. The Senator from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Choate] says their words are literally
true. I say so likewise, but that they excite a be-
lief entirely untrue. The words are—that, by this
treaty, four millions of acres of fine mineral land,
between Pigeon river and St. Louis river, north-
ward of the claim set up by the British (Ghent)
commissioner, are included within the United
States. Very good! They were never excluded
from the United States! And Lord Ashburton set
up no pretension to them ! He asked for a change
of boundary to our prejudice, and for our portages,
and for exemption from duties; and he got all that
"he asked, with all the territory (including Hunters'
Island, a large body of land, and many smaller
islands) which lies'between the two Pigeon river
routes in the whole extent of their divergence,
nearly 200 miles in length, and frequently half a
degree apart. He got this territory, amounting to
some hundreds of thousands ol' acres, in addition
to all the advantages of the only good trading route,
and the Grand Portage; and now to be entertained
with a false belief, created by true words, of a fine
mineral acquisition of four millions of acres, is car-
rying fiction, in a State paper, rather too far.
The Senator from Massachusetts, who defends
the Secretary on this occasion, makes it matter of
objection that I did not mention the portages in my
speech of August last. True, I did not mention
them, and for the best of all reasons. I had not
then'read the stipulation in relation to them. Stuck
in, as they were, at the end of a long article about
boundaries, I read far enough to see what this new
boundary was, and denounced it as it deserved; but
the portage clause I did not read until the present
session. Happily, it is a ease in which the statute
of limitations does not apply! and having now
made the discovery, the Secretary shall have the
full benefit of it. Certainly it was not anticipated
that my speech on the treaty—forty mortal col-
umns of the imperial Globe—certainly it was not
anticipated that there should be a complaint against
that speech for defect ol accusatory matter. But
the complaint is made ; and I must justify,
by bringing up the omitted accusation. 1 say,
then, this affair of the portages—and espe-
cially of the Grand Portage, and this exemp-
tion of a powerful company's goods from du-
ties—constitutes one of the heaviest charges which
I have found against the treaty. In the first place,
it seems to militate against that clause in the Con-
stitution which requires duties to be uniform
throughout the United States. Next, it is manifest-
ly unjust to our fur-traders, (who pay enormous
duties,) to exempt their foreign competitors fiom
the same burden. Then the stipulation itself is a
cheat. It provides lor the joint use of these
portages, when everybody knows that in this case—
the Columbia river has proved it—pint means ex-
clusive; and that every American trader that dares
to tread the same ground with them will be shot by
British Indians. No palliation for this fatal con-
cession can be found in Jay's treaty. That treaty
only permitted the use of portages where these
portages were on established boundaries; this treaty
alters a boundary, to get a pretext fur favoring the
British! These traders could carry nothing on
the portage route under Jay's treaty, because that
route was not a boundary. They will now carry
what they please upon it—and all free—because
Webster's treaty has made it a boundary. He has
altered the line for this purpose; and the long ex-
iled Kaministiquia wanderers will come rushing
back to take possession of their restored haunts.
And who is it to whom this unconstitutional, un-
justifiable, injurious, and dangerous advantage is
given"? Is it not that same powerful body of 15rit-
ish traders to whom we are indebted for every In-
dian war m the Northwest, from the Revolution to
the present day"? to whom we are indebted for
fourteen years retention of the Northwestern posts'?
and to whom we are now indebted for all the dan-
gers which environ our settlement of the Oregon"?
Is it not this same company which has cost us a
myriad of lives—the babe and its mother, as well
as the father—and which cost us during the late
war alone, (to say nothing of other Indian wars,)
sixty millions of dollars'? The whole cost of the
late war was one hundred and twenty millions; the
one-half of which was sunk in the Northwest,making
head against the Indians which this company excited
against us. And who is it that is now rewarding
this company for past injuries, and rendering them
more potential for the future"? Is it not the same
gentleman whose voice was on the side of the Brit-
ish and the Indians, when their feet were on the soil
of our country, and the'ir knives in the throats of
our peopled—who denied us men, and money, and
ships, during the late war, and then taunted us with
our defeats, and sarcastically demanded, after the
horrid massacre of the river Raisin, if that was the
entertainment to which we had been invited"? Sure-
ly it is the same man! and his treaties and negotia-
tions now are in exact accordance with his votes
and speeches then;—all on the side of the British,
and all against his own country. And where did
he get the power to demolish boundaries, release
duties, and surrender portages'? Where did he get
the power for these acts'? From President Tyler"?
If so, show us the warrant. As Secretary, he is
nothing but head clerk to the President, and can
only act by his permission or command. He must
have the President's instruction! and if we can be-
lieve what was said at Boston, that instruction
was a blank; and the head clerk headed his mas-
ter !
Mr. President, wc have fallen upon evil times;
and great and strange are the calamities of the day.
Modern Federalism sits at the head of our Govern-
ment, and its genius is far more deleterious than
the Federalism of ancient times. The old Feder-
alists did many evil things; but they had their high
points, from which they would never descend.
They made a national bank, but did not christen it
an exchequer. They made a bankrupt system,
but did not systematize the repudiation of debts.
They levied grievous taxes, but did not exempt
foreigners from the levy. They invaded the State
Governments at many points, but still left them
their poor insolvent laws. They made treaties
with England, but did not place our frontiers in
her hands. Above all, they didnot bring the Brit-
ish tradeis, red with the blood and loaded with the
scalps of our citizens, within our borders; but sent
them out, far away into the hideous wilderness.
Modern Federalism has done all that ancient Fed-
eralism would not; and, for one, I infinitely prefer
the old to the new. Give me John Jay, John
Adams, and Rufus King—all leading Federalists
in their day—in preference to Daniel Webster,
Federal leader in this day, and John Tyler, his
Democratic follower!
SPEECH OF MR. CALHOUN,
of south carolina.
In Senate, January 24, 1843—On the Oregon bill,
Mr. CALHOUN said it ought to be borne in
mind, in the discussion of this measure, that there
is a conflict between our claim and that of Great
Britain to the Oregon Territory; and that it ex-
tends to the whole territory from "the Rocky Moun-
tains to the Pacific, ocean; and from the northern
limits of Mexico, in latitude 49, to the southern
limits ol' the Russian possessions, in latitude 54
Nor ought it to be forgotten that the two Govern-
ments have made frequent attempts to adjust their
conflicting claims, but, as yet, without success.
The first of these was made in 1818. It proved
abortive; but a convention was entered into, which
provided that the tenitory should bs left flee and
open io our citizens and the subjects of Great
Britain for ten years; the object of which was to
prevent collision and preserve peace, till their re-
spective claims could be adjusted by negotiation.
The next was made in 1824, when we offered to
limit our claim to the territory by the 49th degree
of latitude; which would have left to Great Britain
all north of that latitude to the southern boundary
ol Russia. Her negotiator objected, and proposed
the Columbia river as the boundary between the
possessions of the two countries. It enters the ocean
about the 46th degree of latitude. It follows, that
the portion of the territory really in dispute be-
tween the two countries is about three degrees of
latitude—that is, about one-fourth of the whole.
The attempt to adjust boundaries again failed, and
nothing was effected. I learn from our negotiator,
(a distinguished citizen of Pennsylvania, now in
the city,) that the negotiation was conducted with
much earnestness, and not a little feeling, on the
part of the British negotiators.
In 1827, just before the termination of the ten
years, another attempt was made at an adjust-
ment. The negotiation was conducted on our part
by Mr. Gallatin. The whole subject was discussed
fully, and with great ability and clearness on both
sides; but, like the two preceding, failed to adjust
the conflicting claims. The same offers were made
respectively by the parties that were, in 1824, and
again rejected. All that could be done was to re-
new the convention of 1818; but with the provision,
that each party might, at its pleasure, terminate the
agreement, by giving a year's notice. The object
of the renewal was, as in 1818, to preserve peace
for the time, by preventing either party from as-
serting its exclusive claim to the territory; and that
of the insertion of the provision, to give either party
the right of doing so whenever it might think
proper, by giving the stipulated notice.
Nor ought it to be forgotten, that, during the
long interval from 1818 to this time, continued
efforts have been made, in this and the other
House, to induce Congress to assert, by some act,
our exclusive right to the territory, and that they
have all heretofore failed. It now remains to be
seen whether this bill, which covers the whole
territory, as well north as south of the 49th, and
provides for granting land, and commencing system-
atically the work of colonization and settlement,
shall share the fate of its predecessors.
To determine whether it ought or ought not, in-
volves the decision of two preliminary questions.
The first is, whether the time has now arrived
when it would be expedient on our part to attempt
to assert and maintain our exclusive claim to the
territory, against the adverse claim of Great Brit-
ain; and the other, if it has, whether the mode pro-
posed in this bill is the proper one.
In discussing them, I do not intend to involve the
question of our right to the territory, nor its value,
nor whether Great Britain is actuated by that keen,
jealous, and hostile spirit towards us, which has
been attributed to her in this discussion. I shall,
on the contrary, assume our title to be as valid as
the warmest advocate of this bill asserts it to be;
the territory to be, as to soil, climate, production,
and commercial advantages, all that the ardent
imagination of the author of the measure paints it
to be; and Great Britain to be as formidable and
jealous as she has been represented. I make
no issue on either of these points. I controvert
none of them. According to my view of the sub-
ject, it is not necessary. On the contrary, the
clearer the title, the more valuable the territory;
and the more powerful and hostile the British Gov-
ernment, the stronger will be the ground on which
1 rest my opposition to the bill.
With these preliminary remarks, I repeat the
question, Has the time arrived, when it would be
wise and prudent for us to attempt to assert and
maintain our exclusive right to the territory,
against the adverse and conflicting claim of Great
Britain'! I answer, No, it has not; and that for the
decisive reason, because the attempt, if made, must
prove unsuccessful against the resistance of Great
Britain. We could neither take nor hold it against
her; and that, for a reason not less decisive—that
she could in a much shorter time, and at far less
expense, concentrate a far greater force than we
could in the territory.
We seem to forget, in the discussion of this sub-
ject, the great events which have occurred in the
eastern portion of Asia, during the last year, and
which have so greatly extended the power of Great
Britain in that quarter of the globe. She has there,
in that period, terminated successfully two wars;
by one of which she has given increased quiet
and stability to her possessions in India; and by the
other, has firmly planted her power on the eastern
coast of China, where she will undoubtedly keep up,
at least for a time, a strong military and naval force,
for the purpose of intimidation and strengthening
her newly acquired possession. The point she occu-
pies there on the western shore of the Pacific, is almost
directly opposite to the Oregon Territory, at the dis-
tance of about five thousand five hundred miles from
the mouth of Columbia river, with a tranquil ocean
between, which may be passed over in six weeks.
In that short time, she might place, at a moderate
expense; a strong nayal and military force at the
