1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ui
27-nt Cong.->"Sd Sess.
On reducing the pay of the Navy—Mr. C. Brown.
H. of Reps.
on our part would but render our situation worse
instead of better, in relation to the territory"? It
cannot be said that the present is a more favorable
period to assert our exclusive right, than during
either of the preceding Administrations. The re-
verse is the fact. It is, in every view, far less fa-
vorable' than either, and especially than that of
General Jackson, when the treasury was over-
flowing, and the head of the Administration pos-
sessed greater influence and pawer than any other
Chief Magistrate that ever presided over the
country. That, if ever, was the time to assert our
exclusive ownership; particularly as those who are
so earnestly pressing it on the Government were
then in power, and would have been responsible
for its execution. How is it to be explained, that
they were then so passive and are now so urgent
for the passage of this bill? ®
Entertaining these views, I hope that the mo-
tion of the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Archer]
■will prevail, and the bill be reierred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations. The subject is
one of great importance and delicacy, and ought
to be carefully examined by the appropriate organ
of the body. Should it be reierred, 1 trust the
committee will report amendments to strike out
all the provisions of the bill which, by any lea-
sonable interpretation, might be regarded to be in
conflict with the stipulations of the treaty between
the two countries, or which might incur any con-
siderable expense in the present exhausted con-
dition of the treasury. As at present advised, I
am not- indisposed to the provision, it properly
guarded) which proposes to extend our jurisdiction
over our citizens in the territory. It ought not,
however, to be carried farther than the provisions
of the act of Parliament of 1821. I am opposed to
holding out temptation to our citizens to emigrate
to a region where we cannot, at present, protect
them; but if there be any who may choose to emi-
grate, I would be far from opposing them; and am
unwilling that they should lose, by emigration,
personally the benefit of our jurisdiction and
laws.
I have now said what I intended in reference to
this bill; and shall conclude by noticing some re-
marks which fell from the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Linn] who introduced it. When he
first addressed the Senate, in reply to my former
remarks, he spoke a good deal about opposition
and injustice to the West, and referred to some of
the acts of the Government at an early date, which
he supposed partook of that character. I do not
suppose that he intended it; but his remarks were
calculated to make the impression (tajken in con-
nexion with the time and subject) that lie regarded
the opposition, to the passage of this bill as ori-
ginating m unfriendly feelings to the West. But
if he so regards it, and if he intended to apply his
remarks to me, I would appeal to my acts to repel
the unjust imputation.
[Here Mr. Linn disclaimed any intention of at-
tributing to Mr. Calhoun hostile or unkind feel-
ings to the West.]
Mr. Calhoun. I am happy to hear the disclaim-
er of the Senator. I felt assured he could not have
intended to do me so much injustice as to attribute
to me the slightest hostility to the West. No one
knows better than he does that my opposition to
the bill originates in public considerations, free
from all local feelings, and that my general views
of policy have ever been friendly, and even
liberal, towards the West; but as there are others
not so familiar with my course in reference to that
great and growing section, I deem it proper to
avail myself of the opportunity briefly to allude to
it, in order to repel any improper imputation which
may be attempted to be attributed to me, from any
quarter, on account of my course on the present
occasion.
I go back to the time -when I was at the head of
the War Department. At that early period I turn-
ed my attention particularly to the interest of the
West. I saw that it required increased security to
its long line of frontier, and greater facility for car-
rying on intercourse with the Indian tribes in that
quarter, and to enable it to develop its resources—
especially that of its fur-trade. To give the
required security, I ordered a much larger por-
tion of the army to that frontier; and to af-
ford facility and protection for carrying on the
fur-trade, the military posts were moved much
higher up the Mississippi and Missouri rivers.
Under the increased security and facility which
these measures afforded, the fur-trade received a
great impulse. It extended across the continent, in
a short time, to the Pacific, and north and south to
the British and the Mexican frontiers; yielding in a
few years, as stated by the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Linn,] half a million of dollars annually.
But I stopped not there. I saw that individual en-
terprise on our part, however great, could not suc-
cessfully compet£ with the powerful incorporated
Canadian and Hudson Bay Companies, and that
additional measures were necessary to secure per-
manently our fur-trade. For that 'purpose, I pro-
posed to establish a pest still higher up the Mis-
souri, at the mouth of the Yellow Stone river, and
to give such nnity and efficiency to our intercourse
and trade with the Indian tribes between our West-
ern frontier and the Pacific ocean as would enable
our citizens engaged in the fur-trade to compete
successfully with the British traders. Had the
measures proposed been adopted, we would not
now have to listen to the complaint, so frequentlv
uttered in this discussion, of the loss of that trade.'
But that is not all. I might appeal to a measure
more recent, and still more strongly illustrative of
the libeial feelings which have ever influenced me,
whenever the interest of the West was concerned.
I refer to the bill relating to the portion of the pub-
lic domain lying .within the new States, which I
introduced, some time since. It is true, indeed,
that I looked to the interest of the whole Union in
introducing that measure; but it is not the less so
that it would, if it should become a law, more es-
pecially benefit the West. In doing that, I ex-
posed myself, in my own section, to the imputation
of seeking the friendship of the West—as I do,
on this occasion, to that of hostility towards that
great and growing section. As the hazard of the
former could not deter me from doing my duty
then, so that of the latter cannot from doing my
duly now. The same sense of duty which on that
occasion impelled me to support a measure in
which the West was peculiarly interested, at the
hazard of incurring the displeasure of my own
section, because I believed it calculated to promote
the interest of the whole,—impels me on this oc-
casion to oppose this measure, at the hazard of dis-
pleasing the West, because I believe, m so doing,
I not only promote the interest of the Union gen-
erally, but that of the West especially.
REMARKS OF MR. C. BROWN,
OF PENNSYLVANIA.
lnllie House of Representatives, February 3, 1843—
On a motion to reduce the pay of the officers ot
the navy, and in reply to the speech of Mr.
White of Indiana, m defence of the Whig
party.
Mr. CHARLES BROWN said he had tried re-
peatedly, for the last two or three days, to get the
floor, to give his views on the subject of the navy
generally; but at that late hour, when the hands of
the clock had nearly reached the point at which all
debate must cease, under the arbitrary rules of the
majority, he would leave all he had purposed to say
to some more convenient season, if any such should
come, and only refer to that part of the bill which
particularly interested those he immediately repre-
sented—the Philadelphia navy yard; and give the
rest of his time and attention to the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. White] and the Whig party, which
had been thus thrust upon the House out of season,
apparently for the sole purpose of talking up the
sinking—or sunken—fortunes of Whigery.
The Navy Department had asked for an appro-
priation of $28,000 to put the Philadelphia navy
yard in a proper situation; $94,000 of which was to
extend the wharves into the deep water of the
river—a work, the department said, of "indispensa-
ble necessity;" and yet the Committee of Ways and
Means had stricken out all the latter item, and only
provided for a few small repairs, to the amount of
$4,000. While they had thus treated the Philadel-
phia yard, the committee had appropriated to the
Portsmouth navy-yard the sum of $40,411—
all that the department asked; and asked by
it not as indispensably necessary, but as the
sum that could be profitably laid out {n per-
manent improvements—not works of indispen-
sable necessity. For the Boston navy-yard
$64,371 had also been appropriated—two-thirds of
the whole sum asked by the department. And for
what"? Why, "boundary walls" and "additional
store-houses," &c,, not at all of "indispensable ne-
cessity," as- was the appropriation asked and re-
fused to the Philadelphia yard. So with the New
York yard. The committee had appropriated
$40,500 to this yard, when the department, in
its report, states that " the uncertainty of a per-
manent location within the waters of New York
had preventedithis point from being settled."" Forty
thousand dollars to be thrown away, probably!
Such manifest 'partiality and injustice ought to be
rebuked by the House; and he hoped that, when
the proper time came, the House would insert in
the bill the amount shown by the department to be
of "indispensable necessity" tor the Philadelphia
navy yard. Such treatment as that yard had had
from the Government, was an insult to those among
whom it was located.
The gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. White,] with
whom he had to deal (said Mr. B.) for the re-
maining time allowed him, took the floor about two
hours before the time that was fixed by his vote,
and that of his party, that all debate ' upon the bill
must stop.' * He was one of the boasted reformers of
the House; one of those who claim to have reform-
ed its manners and habits, by the introduction of
rules to gag the mouths of its members; and that
gentleman, (said Mr. B.,) and his votes, and his
speeches, were fair samples of the Whig party
and their reforms. He had spoken his hour, or
nearly so. The subject was an amendment pro-
_posed by one of his Whig friends, to retrench the
'expenditure of the Government some hundreds of
thousands of dollars annually; and how much of
the gentleman's speech went to show the necessity
or propriety of that retrenchment"! Not one word!
He never alluded to the navy bill—a bill appropria-
ting nearly ten millions of dollars—nor to the
amendment that proposed to lessen that appropria-
tion some hundreds of thousands! These subjects
were either above or beneath his notice. lie could
see nothing but the Whig party—its hopes and its
fears. His specch was all about president-making.
And yet he was one of those who had talked, and
would talk the loudest, about retrenchment and re-
form—and had boasted, and would boast, how they
had prevented a waste of the public time and the
public money in useless debates upon that floor. As
it had been, and was, with the gentleman from Indi-
ana, so had it been, and so would it be, with the
whole Whig party. They were all promises-all
boast—but no performance. If it were not for the gag
rules they had adopted, and the worse than use-
less waste of words of the Whigs in debate, some
reform might be made—some retrenchment expect-
ed. On this very navy bill, if a proper discussion
could be Jiad, a large sum would most probably
be thus saved. But as it was, the committee
and the House would be obliged, from the time
wasted by the gentleman from Indiana and his
Whig friends in party slang-whanging, to strike in
the dark, or vote for it all without knowing where-
fore or why. And who was to blame for all thisl
The House had a Whig Speaker, and the commit-
tee a Whig chairman, who were responsible for all
irrelevant debate. These, and the Whig rules of
the House, had made it anything but a deliberative
assemblage of the Representatives of the Ameri-
can people. There never had been, (Mr. B. said,)
since the beginning of the Government, a House of
Representatives so disorderly, or one that had in-
dulged in so much criminating and recriminating
debate—and that, too, by Whigs upon Whigs.
Day after day had he and the other Democratic
members sat in silence and sorrow, listening to
one Whig member abusing, ridiculing, and revi-
ling another; and one after another, by dozens, abu-
sing, ridiculing, and reviling the President of the
United States—that President that their votes had
elected. And that was what they called reform!
Mr. Kins here rose, and asked leave to explain.
Mr. Brown. No; the gentleman had said nothing,
and therefore had nothing to explain; and he would
notyield the floor at that late hour to any one who
had voted to stop all explanations on a bill so
important at so short a time.
Mr. King said he had voted against it.
Mr. Brown. Had not the gentleman vote for the
"rule," by which discussion might be stopped by
his friends whenever they pleased"! [To which,
Mr. King made no reply.] Then, said Mr. Brown,
the gentleman from Georgia had put a loaded gun
into the hands of madmen, and he ought not to
complain when he was shot down by its discharge.
[Mr. King sat down amidst general laughter, and
cries of good! good!]
Mr. Brown continued. The gentleman from
Indiana, and his Whig friends in the House and out
