142
APPENDIX TO THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
feb. 1843.
27th Cong*"'3d Sess.
On reducing the pay of the Navy—Mr. C. Brown.
H. of Reps.
of it, complained that the President had thwarted
all their plans, and that it was necessary for the
people to elect another Whig President and Con-
gress, before all the great reforms and relief they
had promised the people in 1840 could be accom-
plished; and laid down, as the means of their ac-
complishment, and as the Whig creed, the "distri-
bution of the proceeds ofthe sales of public lands,"
a "protective tariff," and a ''national bank." With-
out noticing the gentleman's crude conception of
the principles of the Democratic party, or his
misrepresentations of some of its promin ent men and
measures, he would ask the gentleman with what
face he [Mr. White] could go before his constitu-
ents, or the people of the United States, and ask
them to trust him and his Whig friends with power
again, when they had abused, and were abusing
so shamefully, the trusts already reposed in them.
He was willing to give them the benefit of the op-
position of the President to their bank and distri-
bution they had proposed; and how would their
account then standi Had they not distributed the
poor pittance of the sales of the proceeds of the
public lands'? When the General Government was
borrowing money to meet and pay their Whig ap-
propriations, had they not sent the land revenue to
all the States that would receive it"? And yet what
State had been benefited by itl Had it increased
the value of any of theirstocksl or reduced any of
their taxes'!
Had they notpassed a "protectivetariff?" And
what good had it donel [Here a member said, in
an under tone, "And you voted for it."] Y es, (said
Mr. B.,) I did vote for it—and as an honest politi-
cian, too. 1 did not approve ofthe bill, nor did I
believe that it would relieve Ihe oppression under
which labor and productive capital and industry
were silft'ering. Though it could do no good, I
thought it could do little or no harm. In the pres-
ent state ofthe country and the world, I did not
think the importation or exportation could be very
much diminished or enlarged by a tariff' of any
kind. But if anything was calculated to diminish
both, it was just such a tariff as was passed; and it
certainly had not enlarged the market for American
produce abroad, or increased its price at home.
He voted for it on another account. Petitions
were circulated through a part of his district, and
manufacturers and politicians had raised the ciy
that all the depression of the limes was owing to a
reduced tariff; and that if a high taritl' was laid,
all would be prosperous again in a single day. And
yet, what had been the consequence'? The taritl was
1)0 sooner laid, than the wages of many of the ope-
ratives had been reduced, and many turned out ol
employment altogether. To resist the low wages
offered by the manufacturers to the. operatives, a
war had been going on in his district, and the ad-
joining one, ever .since the tariff bill had been
passed.
He had voted for it on still another account.
He wished the Whig party to carry out nil their
projects of government that would not entail last-
ing injury upon the country. Temporary derange-
ment of the functions of the Government would be
more than compensated by the expeiienre they
would bring with them. A year or two of slight
suffering would be well repaid by the returning
sober sense and second thought of the American
people, and the utter prostration of all Whig
humbugs for the next twenty years.
The tariff itself had been the best argument that
could be offered against its oppressive and pro-
hibitory features. It -had failed to increase the
revenue, or to promote the prosperity of the peo-
ple. The actual distribution of the sales of the
public lands, like the tariff, had demonstrated its
entire inadequacy to accomplish what its authors
led the public mind to anticipate. The bank-
rupt law had worked so badly, that its Whig
makers had already almost unanimously condemned
it; and such, he had no doubt, would have been the
case with a national bank, if one had been made.
It would most likely have died in its birth. But
had it gone into operation, it would have failed to
benefit the country, though it might have accommo-
dated a few favorites.
He would ask the gentleman from Indiana what
it was they expected from a national bank"? He
asked this, as it was the only Whig measure not
carried into effect by this Congress; and as it was
now put forth as the leading article of their faith,
and their last hope in their future contests for pow-
er. Was it to loan money to politicians, or politi-
cal newspaper editors'? Or was it to regulate the
exchanges, and furnishana ional currency? These
last they held out to the people as the objects to
be attained by anational bank.
For himself, Mr. B. said he did not want any
other regulation of the exchanges, nor any other
national currency, from the hands of the Govern-
ment, than gold and silver coin—this was the best,
and only true regulator of exchanges—the only
true national currency. But if the Whigs hon-
estly wanted the exchanges'regulated by the Gene-
ral Government, had not the President offered
them full and adequate means in the exchequer"!
Would not that regulate all the exchanges at the
public expense and risk"! And did not the Presi-
dent's exchequer offer to them a sufficiently large
paper currency also"? Three dollars ol paper
for one of gold and silver! Would not that
give them paper money enough1 He thought the
exchequer might have satisfied their largest de-
sires—their most insatiate appetites for papermon-
ey. But they rejected it, not because it would
not regulate the exchanges, or give them a nation-
al currency; but because it was not their favorite
corporation—a bank. Would they tell the people
that a currency based upon the revenues, the
property, the faith of the nation, was not good
enough—not so good as that issued by a corpora-
tion"? Or would they tell the people that President
Tyler had defeated all their effoits to give them
a regulator of exchanges, a maker of currency,
when they had thus rejcctcd his offered boon? It
would seem, however, that there was to be no "loop
to hang a doubt upon" in their future party ar-
rangements—no Whig- skulking in the next pres-
idential campaign—(if the speech of the gentleman
from Indiana was to be taken as their rule of ac-
tion)—no more Tylerism—no concealments—no
"generous confidence," as in 1840; all was to be
open, defined, and foreordained; he who would be
a Whig, must be "every inch a Whig," and shout,
at the top of his bent, hosannasto a bank1 Tie must
be for a bank, and a bank only, as lit to be tho treas-
ury, hold the money, makethecurrency, and, in fact,
govern these United States. The oniyerv that was
to be allowed or heaid throughout the Whig camp,
was to be bank'bank! bank1 Let the appeal be
made, (said Mr. B.) and he had no fear of Ihe de-
cision of the people upon it.
All t he measures matured or proposed in this Con-
gress, that had thus far marked the course of the
Whig dynasty, had only tended to their destruction.
They had been sinking deeper and deeper at every
step they had taken in the accomplishment of their
party objects, until the whole country had repu-
diated them. Defeat after defeat, from the opening
of the extra session, had everywhere fixed upon
them, and their course,the deepest and darkest con-
demnation. [A. member heie said: "What of the
late Georgia election?"] Ay,(said Mr. B.) and
what of the late Georgia election ? The Whigs
had elected a member tor some six weeks—a single
member to serve out the tail end of a session; ami
that was all that had been saved from the wreck
of their whole reign; and that had been trumpeted
from one end of the TJn km to the other as a "sjlorious-
Whig victoryAt the election for members to
the next Congress some sixty-eight thousand votes
were polled, and the Whigs were defeated. They
were told that that defeat was owing to General
Apathy! At the late election for a single member,
to serve but for six weeks in a Whig Congress,
only about forty-five thousand votes werepolled, and
that was called a "glorious Whig victory." But who
achieved that victory''- Was u not that same general
that defeated them before—General Apathj ? It was
a victory; but it appeared it was won for them by
General Apathy fighting for them, instead of
against, them. And what a Whig victory 1 Would
the member elected, or any other Georgia Whig
member, rise in his place and tell the House and
the country to which of the Whig measures of this
Congress that victory was to be attributed"? Was
it Ihe distribution law? Was it the bankrupt law?
Was it the tariff? Had the people of Georgia
so fallen in love with any or all of these Whig
laws, that they had taken Whigery again into
their embraces? Or did they elect the member
from Georgia to carry out further and more fully
the Whig doctrines advanced by the gentle-
man from Indiana—distribution, high tariff', and a
bank? He had not observed how the new member
from Georgia had voted; but'he much mistook the
Whigs of Georgia if such were the inscriptions or
their banner at the late "glorious victory."*
Now, (said Mr. B.,) a few words on the sub-
ject of retrenchment generally, and that proposed
particularly by the amendment under considera-
tion, and he had done. That was the most potent
of all the party war-cries of the Whigs in 1840.
"Retrenchment and reform!" was everywhere the
first and last notes sounded on their bugles; and,
now, after they had been ruling in those halls
for near eighteen months, and from which they
must depart in about as many days, forever, he
would ask them the question, one and all, in what
they had retrenched or reformed? [Some member
was heard to say they had cut down the pay of the
"pages."] No, (said Mr. B.) they raised the pay
of the boys; but they had retrenched the pay of one
man—the C<j imissioner of Public Buildings; and
his alone! No! Not his alone. There was
another that had felt the weight of the mighty re-
forming hand of the great Whig party; and he was
the man who swept the House, made their fires,
and carried the water—literally "their hewer of
wood and drawer of water"—nearly, if not quite,
the only laboring-man about the Capital. He was
retrenched fifty cents a day ! What a bright page—
a green spot in the history of the Whig Congress
that retrenchment would form. Such was the truth
—the truth to the letter. Who would deny it?
And who had prevented them from reforming any-
where and everywhere, and retrenching the
expenses of the Government anywhere and
everywhere? Let them look to the record, and
it would be found not to be the Democrats. They
had generally given their votes for all retrench-
ment. Even the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Arnold] had acknowledged that it was the Dem-
ocrats who had always voted with him to take up
the bill to reduce the compensation ol members of
Congress, and all the other officers of the Gov-
ernment—a bill, though it had been sneered at and
voted down by the Whigs, ought to be passed, and
would, if they were true to those they represented;
but which never would be passed ifleft to the Whigs
to do it. Yes, (said Mr. B.) he would pledge himself
to any and all retrenchment of the expenses of the
Government, and he thought he might safely
pledge a majority of the Democrats on that floor
to any and every measure that was honestly calcu-
lated to bring down the expenses of the Govern-
ment to its revenues, and that would obviate the
necessity of imposing any other duties or taxes
on the people. He hoped the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. White] would tell all this to the peo-
ple of Indiana—tell them of all the Whig ;party
had done wh'en in power, and all they had not done.
When he tells them of their tariffs, their distribu-
tions, their bankrupt laws, let him not forget to
tell them of their reforms and retrenchments!
Mr. Proffit, (in an under tone.) We did not go
at the last election for "retrenchment;" we went
for "reform."
Mr. Brown. What sort of reform?
Mr. Proffit, (in an under tone.) To get such
Locofoco's as you out of power.
Mr. Brown. Yes, that is true! The gentleman
from Indiana before me [Mr. Proffit] says, truly,
that the reform they went for in 18-10 was "to get
'Extracts from the proceedings of the House of Representa-
tives ol February 9.h, as reported for the Globe.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr Crawford (ihe recently elected Representative from
Oeoieia, to supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of Mr.
HabersiiaaiI lose, and
was understood to calt upon tile gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr Charles Brown] to say whether he
had intended to cast aoy personal reflection by these lemarks,
made the day before.
Mr. C. Brown said he would answer the question of the
sentieman. " ' * ' * *
lie knew nothing that could justify him in imputing anything
wrong to the gentleman Ironr Georgia; on ihe contraiy, he
had always undeistood that te w.'s a high-minded, honorable
man; and ' * * that he was surprised that
the gentlemat, should suppose that there was anythn g disrespect-
ful meant by the l-tniaiks to which his attention had been call-
ed; and tie thought the gentltiran fiotjl Georgia was the only
gentleman m this Hoes'1 who would so inteipiet them.
Mr Crawford was understood to say, that as [be gentleman
from Pennsylvania had disclaimed any disrespectful imputa-
tion, tie had nothing more to say
Mr C Brown would, however, be pleased if the gentleman
from Georgia would respond to the questions which he yester-
day submitted, as i( was itnpoitant that the House thould know
whether he was elected in conscquenre of aey of the Whig
measures of this Congress, or to sustain those Whig principles
which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. White] had laid
down—[laughter]—namely, a national bank, a tariff, and distri-
bution.
Mr. Crawford did not respond, and here the conversation
terminated.
