m
APPENDIX TO THfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. McDuffie.
Senate.
will be a mere superficial remedy; it cannot reach
the seat of the disease. What is the cause of the
present distresses'? The remote cause is undoubtedly
the expansion of the currency; and the more im-
mediate cause, its sudden contraction. From facts
■which I have before me, it appears that, in the
course of three years, the currency of this country
expanded, from ninety-four millions of dollars to
one hundred and forty-nine millions; and, in a sim- -
ilar period, sunk down to some seventy millions.
Now, I beg Senators to impress upon their minds
this single circumstance. It furnishes a lesson
which ought not to be forgotten; it is a lesson which
we have but too much cause to remember.
/When, from any cause, the'bank circulation of a
country is extended beyond a certain degree—for
instance, fifty millions beyond the proper and natu-
ral amount of the circulation demanded by the
business of the country—this redundancy of cir-
culation, by a law as immutable as the law of gravi-
tation, tends to carry down the quantity of the cir-
culation even below its natural level. This is the
cause of the existing distress. Our currency was
unnaturally expanded, and prices swelled to a hun-
dred per cent, beyond their natural average. The
system, of course, could not continue in this state of
inflation. Any currency professing to rest upon a
specie basis must sink into utter ruin, as the inev-
itable result of such an expansion. Now, sir,
what has actually taken placed The currency lias
been reduced to one half its former dimensions.
In the very nature of things, it was obliged to be
thus reduced, if the system was to rest on a specie
basis, affording a sound and uniform currency.
That reduction has, perhaps, n ot gone to the extreme
point which it must reach. And now what are we
about to do1? After the country has suffered the
utmost distress, and been driven to the vergeofbank-
ruptcy—after we have gone through the painful
process of contracting our circulation—alter we
have suffered all the evils which must follow from
itsundueexpansion;—alter all this, what is the reme-
dy proposed1} Why, sir, some seem to imagine
that, in legislation, according to the old adage, "the
hair of the mad dog is good for the bite." And now,
after we have suffered the evils incident to reform-
ing a rash and ill-devised system of bank credit
and bank circulation, and see the dawn of relum-
ing prosperity; after natural causes and ihe laws of
trade have nearly corrected them, and we are
once more almost standing on a platform of a sound
and uniform currency, the most intelligent and sa-
gacious minds of the country are calling out for a
new system of paper circulation, which must carry
the country through the same circle of expansion,
contraction, and ruin, from which we are just re-
covering.
Sir, we find Ihe patient in a slate in which the
administering of medicine is no longer salutary;
and when, though at present debilitated, lie is
about to recover by a natural process, we are re-
quired to continue tampering with his system, by
the use of new and additional nostrums. Believe
me, sir, any scheme—the Bank of the United
States, under any possible modification—an ex-
chequer board, with all the checks and guaranties
which human wisdom can provide—will be utterly
inadequate lo furnish a remedy. The truth is, the
country is very much in the condition of a patient
who is unwilling to trust to the tis yncdtcat-i ix iia-
turm, but is perpetually calling out for medicine,
and, as is usual in such cases, mistaking entirely
the nature of the remedies required. What do gen-
tlemen propose to dot They tell you that their
object is to reform the condition of the cuirency,
and to establish a bank circulation on a sound basis
and of uniform value. Now, in regard to the stimu-
lating causes of these schemes of currency—the ex-
isting suii'erings of the people—a restoration oi the
currency to a htate of soundness is the very last
thing in the world which the patient could endure,
, or which his real wants require. A sound cur-
rency! Why, gentlemen seem to imagine that the
Government possesses a sort of politicallegerde-
main, by which it can accomplish direct incom-
patibilities. Can you reform the currency ami ex-
pand it at the same Lime'? The very act of increas-
ing the circulation would defeat your professed
object of reforming the currency. You can reform
a vitiated currency by no other process than by
curtailing it.
But, Mr. President, under existing circumstances,
as to those who have fallen victims to the popular
delusions and speculations produced by the ex-
cesses of the credit system, their ease is hopless;
it is bsyond the power of surgery or even of
galvanism, to revive them. However rapidly you"
hurry on these schemes, they will come too late
for them. But I am aware there is a very plausi-
ble argument-which gentlemen have frequently
urged on this point—that their desire is not so much
to increase the quantity of circulation, to induce
the banks to go into a system of excessive discounts
and circulation, as to restore confidence. Yes, sir,
that is the watchword—to restore confidence to the
country. Confidence! Mr. President. Confidence
in what'? Confidence in banks, that have made
promises only to violate them'? How can we have
confidence in a system which all experience proves
must, in the nature of things, result m those
very revulsions and distress, the consequences of
which we are at this moment experiencing'?
Are we to encourage the people of the United
States to indulge false hopes, which must inevita-
bly be disappointed"? God forbid that this sort of
confidence ever should be restored. No, sir; like
the confidence that Eve reposed in the serpent, and
by which she was tempted to eat of "that forbidden
fruit, whose mortal taste brought death into the
world," it is the leal source of all our woes—all
our calamities.
But, Mr. President, when you attempt to estab-
lish a sound system of currency; when you en-
deavor to lay the foundation for a just and well-
founded confidence, having reference to the future—
no bank, no exchequer board will be necessary to
enable the country to recover from the distress into
which it has been thrown. No man can be more
sensible than I am of the necessity of a sound and
stable currency; but how is this to be effected'? It
1 were asked what system of currency I would now
propose, I would candidly confess that 1 am not
prepared at the present moment to fix upon any.
I should say this much, however, with entire confi-
dence: leave nature to work in her own way for a
time; leave the people to their own industry and
resources; do not place too much reliance upon arti-
ficial systems and legislative contrivances.
Is it supposed by any one (I will not say in this
Senate, but in the country) that the mere issue of a
bank circulation—if you could to-morrow restore
the delusive confidence which foimerly existed, so
far as to create seventy millions in addition to our
present circulation—will add one solitary cent to
the wealth of the United States'? You have no
creative power. There is no power in legislation
by which you can add a single blade of grass,
a grain of corn, or a pod of cotton, to the wealth of
the country. The remedy is not to be found in
legislation, or in any artificial contrivances. Our
only hope is in undoing the mischief which such
artificial contrivances have already done.
Sir, upon the subjectof bank circulation, I feel that
it is due to myselt that I should read a sentence or
two from the fiM public document which I ever
presented to the Congress of the United Stales in
relation to it. They are contained in a report which
I submitted to Ihe House of Representatives un the
question of renev ing the charter of the Bank of the
United Slates, which ahvays sustained a salutary
check on the State banks, and was a means of pre-
serving the soundness of the paper currency, by
preventing tlie.m from running into excessive is-
sues. In that tlociuncnt the following opinion is
expressed on the genetal question ol currency:
"It must be assumed, as the basis of all sound reasoning on
this subject, that the rxMeuce oi a paper cmreney, is-tied by
b inks deriving then chatters from the State Governments, can-
not be prohibited by Congress. Indeed, bank credit and bank-
paper are so extensively interwoven with the commercial
operations of society, that, even il Congress had the constitu-
tional power, it would he utterly impossible to produce so en-
tire a chanse in (he monetary sys'em of the country as to
abolish the agency ol banks ol discount, without involving the
cth/nmim'y in all the distressing embarrassments usually at-
tendant on great political revolutions, subvening the titles to
private propeity. The sudden withdiavval of some hundred
millions ol bank credit would be equivalent, in its effects, to
the arbitrary and despotic transfer of the property ol one por-
tion of the community to another, to the extent, probably, of
half that amount. Whatevei, therefore, may be the advan-
tages of a purely metallic currency, and whatever the objec
tions to a circulating medium partly compored of bank paper,
the committee consider that they are precluded, by the exist-
ing state ol" things, from instituting a comparison between them,
with a view to any practical result
lvIf they were not thus piecluiied* and it were submitted to
them as an original question, whether the acknowledged and
manifold facilities of bank credit and bank paper are not more
than counterbalanced by the distressing vicissitudes in trade
incident to their use, they are by no means prepaied to say
that they would not give a decided preference to the more
costly and cumbersome medium."
Such were then my sentiments, and such- are
they at this time; and the course of events has now
brought us to such^ a condition, that, without any
further revulsion or suffering, specie may be made
not only the basis of our circulation, but to con-
stitute a large portion of that circulation. Let us
attempt to create no system by which the banks
may be again drawn into their former excesses:
but leave them, with their recent experience, ana
under the salutary restraints of public opinion, to
recover public confidence-by a prudent course of
self-reform, by which they will deserve it. The
course of events will do infinitely more than we
can do by legislation.
If I were clothed with unlimited power at this
moment to regulate the currency, I would say I
am not prepared to decide. And no man ought to
decide upon any specific plan in regard to it, until
we have had the experience of some years. Be-
lieving, then, as I confidently do, that all plans of
relief heretofore proposed must be absolutely im-
potent to"relieve* the existing distresses; and that
a.system of currency having reference to the fu-
ture should be a work of mature deliberation, 1 am
decidedly of opinion that the time has not arrived
when any legislative enactment should take place
upon the subject. The relief which the country
demands is of a much more radical character.
What is that relief? It has been indicated in the
first of those resolutions which I have had the honor
to submit to the Senate. The commerce of this
country is in a state of decay; and, from the docu-
ments which I have before me, I may almost say,
in an expiring condition.
What shall be done, then, to restore this import-
ant source of the nation's wealth? Shall we hope
to revive commerce by continuing that system of
policy by which it i§ now shackled"? Shall we in-
vent new contrivances of a similar character for
the future? No, sir: undo the mischief you have
done; knock oft' the fetters you have already im-
posed; leave trade to her own laws; permit your
people to enjoy their natural advantages, and
the fruits of their industry, free from all unjust
restrictions. Do this, and you will insure prosper-
ity to the country; and, at the same time, replenish
your exhausted treasury.
I come, therefore, to the consideration of the sec-
ond resolution, which proposes reducing the exist-
ing tariff from its present prohibitory character, to
a proper and reasonable revenue standard, so as to
make it in reality what it professes to be—a con-
stitutional measure merely for the purpose of rais-
ing revenue.
And here, Mr. President, I cannot but remark
that there never was a time more inappropriate for
the introduction of such measure, than the mo-
ment selected for the introduction of the tariff of
the last session, in view of what had taken place,
and of what was then in progress in other coun-
tries, as well as in our own. Sir "Robert Peel, the
British minister, yielding to the force of public
opinion, had mitigated, to a very great extent, the
commercial restrictions wjiich existed in Great
Britain. Had we pursued our true national policy,
we would have met these advances to a system of
free trad# in a liberal spirit of reciprocity. But
what did we do? Instead of reciprocating the ad-
vances which Great Britain made to us, we turned
our backs upon her at the very moment when
measures were taken by Great Britain to enable
your farmers of' Pennsylvania, of New York, and
of all the grain-growing States of this Union, to
find a market abroad for their produce. Our Le- ■
gislature—thinking, perhaps, that these great ad-
vantages tendered to our farmers might seduce
them into the heresy of 1'rSe trade—passed the tariff
bill of last session, more prohibitoiy than any of
its predecessors.
I have before me a letter from an officer of the
Treasury Department, showing, from the custom-
house returns for the city of New York, the ex-
traordinary falling-off which has been occasioned
by the passage of the measure in question. In a
statement showing the monthly income from cus-
toms, we have for the month of January $1,263,000,
while that of December amounts to but $255,000;
and the intervening months exhibit a regular fall-
ing off, from the time it was expected the tariff bill
wou'd pass, until the close of the year. Now, if the
month of December is a fair indication of what the
revenue is to be next year, the whole revenue from
customs at New York will not be more than three
millions of dollars. This, of itself, is alarming
enough, as it regards our financial prospects; to say
nothing of the more important considerations of
commerce destroved, arid the people oppressed by
unjust burdens. "Now, what are the considerations
