sSfTH UoifG SD SBSS.
APPENDIX TO THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. McDvffie.
Feb. 1843.
Senate.
of his providence in giving them a genial sun
and productive soil. Providence has done much
for «s: but what has the Government done"?
Before I proceed, allow me to remark, that the
first object whieh gave cause to the formation of
the Federal Government was the protection of
foreign commerce. The first convention called
10 meet at Annapolis, was for that especial and
avowed purpose. Such was the main purpose of
the Government formed by our forefathers. The
power of "regulating foreign commerce" was ob-
viously conferred solely for its protection. And
what, I pray, has Congress been doing, since 1824,
under its constitutional obligation to protect and
preserve the most beneficial and enriching com-
merce ever enjoyed by any peopled It has, delib-
erately, avowedly, and perseveringly, levelled the
power which imposed on it the sacred duty of pro-
' tecting this great branch of national industry, at
its very existence, in order to foster a less bene-
ficial one, over which it has no constitutional power
whatever.
Sir, all the pirates that ever infested the ocean~
all the stormy elements that ever agitated the sur-
face of the Atlantic—all the disasters occasioned
by human villany and the other perils of the deep
combined—cannot produce half the injury to the
exporting States to which I have alluded, that Con-
gress is now producing, deliberately and intention-
ally, by its unjust and destructive legislation. And
let me add, that you violate one of the most sa-
cred of all the rights of property by this iniqui-
tous system of legislation. It is in vain that I flat-
ter myself that I own property, while any man, or
.any combination of men, by unconstitutional and
irresponsible legislation, claim the right, and ex-
ercise the power, of taxing it at pleasure, lo pio-
vide bounties for themselves. What, sir, is in-
volved essentially in the first elementary notion of
the right of property'? Have I property in my cot-
ton—in that which X have lawfully and honestly
produced by my capital and labor'' Is it really and
exclusively my own"? If so, it follows, as a neces-
sary consequence, that I may rightfully dispose of
it, whenever and wherever I please—provided I vi-
olate the rights of no other man, by fraud or vio-
lence. It is one of the natural and inalienable
rights of man—a right which no Government on
earth can constitutionally violate.
It is no exaggeration, therefore, to say this is a
system which reduces the exporting States to a
condition of colonial bondage, as it makes their
interests subservient and tributary to tiie interests
of distant States, by pecuniary penalties restricting
their natural rights, and constraining them to go
to a market, every way unfavorable to their inter-
ests.
Sir, I have turned over in my mind the various
systems of policy of the different Governments of
Europe, and, as God is my judge, 1 do not think
my mind was ever brought to contemplate any-
thing in the form of human legislation more un-
just than the system I have attempted to delineate
in its most striking features.
To render still more plain the injustice and in-
equality of this system, and to show that this is
really a competition between different branches of
domestic industry, I will now present a practical
illustration, which will address itself to the com-
mon sense of every just and unprejudiced mind. I,
sir, as a cotton-planter, have been in the habit,
for several years, of exporting my crop to Europe.
I have not, to be sure, exchanged the whole for
merchandise; but I had a right to do so. Now, let
us suppose that I had done so, to supply the com-
munity around me with the manufactures they
might require. It will not be denied that the man-
ufactures thus imported would he as rightfully and
truly the productions of my industry as the cotton
I exchanged for them. Yet, sir, when I bring that
merchandise to the port of Charleston, I meet there
a manufacturer who has goods of the very same
description, fabricated in a distant State. He comes
to the custom-house, and, clothed with the exclusive
privileges of your tariff laws, introduces his manu-
factures into my own State, without duty; while I
cannot introduce the same description of manufac-
tures, the exclusive production of my own indus-
try, without paying a high discriminating duty, to
provide a bounty for a distant rival, and dimmish
the value of my manufactures, as compared with
his, precisely to the amount of the duty. For it is
ail undeniable proposition, that, after paying say
36 per cent, as a protective duty, X could not ob-
tain a cent more for my manufactures, than the
Northern manufacturer could obtain for his, pay-
ing no duty at all. If human injustice can go
further than this, I am entirely at a loss to con-
ceive how. But I shall not go at large into this
subject; but will briefly call the attention of the
Senate to one or two items in the present tariff,
which I regard as peculiarly illustrative of the
genius of this system.
In the first place, I shall call your attention to the
duty on iron—a duty which Ibelieve has mainly con-
tributed to draw the honest farmers of Pennsyl-
vania, and of some other States, into the support of
the protective system; though that system imposes a
very high duty—more, I believe, than 100 per cent,
on rolled iron—operating as a tax upon all the
farmers and agriculturists of the United States, to
promote the interest of a few wealthy iron-masters.
Now, sir, this is a material of universal use, out
of which the implements of the agriculturist and
the tools of the mechanic are made, while the
shipping interest consumes it to a very large amount.
Now, a system of free trade on our part—recipro-
cated as it would be by foreign countries—would
give the farmers' of Pennsylvania a market for
their products, of much more value to the State
than any benefit the iron-masters can derive from
the high duties imposed upon ii on.
I must here beg the attention of Senators, partic-
ularly those from Kentucky—to another item in
the tariff of the last session—the duty upon cotton-
bagging, raised to from 50 to 100 per cent., accord-
ing to the cost of the article, and which should cer-
tainly have gone down to 20 per cent, under the
pledges of the compromise act. But, at the very
moment of violating these pledges, by the act of the
last session, whieh struck a fatal blow at the whole
commerce of the cotton States—as if to add a sting
to injustice and violated faith, this duty was en-
hanced beyond the rate imposed by the tariff of
1828. Now, sir, tins duty i:> distinguished from
others, as unjust as they are, in this, that the whole
of its burden is imposed on the cotton-planters, and
its whole benefits upon some twenty-one manufac-
4J*1urers of cotton-bagging. No other class in the
country has any interest in it, one way or the other.
It is, then, a dinv which simply takes money out
of the pockets of the planters, to put m the pockets
of a few manufacturers of cotton-bagging. Now,
sir, when I tell you that the duty on the bagging
I annually use to bale my crop exceeds the amount
of the taxes I pay to my State, you may form some
estimate of its gross injustice-—inflicted, I suppose,
by the paternal authority of a protecting Govern- /
ment, to punish the planting States for opposing the/
protective system. /
But I can assure the Senators from Kentucky, that,
in supporting this, and all other items of protection
in the tariff, they are pursuing a suicidal policy as
regards the great interests of their State. For,letme
tellthem that, under the combined influence of in-
terest and indignation, the people of the cotton
States are not only making their own bagging out
of cotton, but raising their own supplies of live
stock. And I can, moreover, assure ihem, that
where they can add one hundred dollars to the de-
mand for their bagging, by this policy, they will di-
minish the demand for their live stock to the
amount of ten thousand. Sir, I confidently believe
that Kentucky and all the Northwestern States are
as deeply interested in free trade, and the conse-
quent prosperity of the exporting States, as those
States themselves. There is the great market for
their live stock. And, although the manufacturing
States furnish them with scarcely any market at all,
they are destroying the prosperity of their best cus-
tomers, and the price of their own staple of trade,
to give bounties to the Eastern manufacturers, at
the expense oftbegreat body both of their own pro-
ducers and consumers. Arid I will here state, in
confirmation of these views, that the price of Ken-
tucky pork in South Carolina, in the last year,
sunk down from four to two dollars a hundred—a
depression wholly without example.
A few words," Mr. President, as to the mode
in which a prohibitive tariff, whether partial or ab-
solute, operates to reduce the value of the staples of
exportation—an operation now in active progress.
Your tariff, to the amount ofits prohibitions, creates
a necessity of importing specie to pay for the staples
we export. It may be safelv assumed that the
present tariff excludes twenty-five millions of for-
eign manufactures, annually, that would.be im-
ported under a revenue duty of 20 per cent. This
gives rise to the importation of specie to a large
amount. Now, every dollar of specie imported,'di-
minishes, in that proportion, the value of the whole
mass; and, if we assume that in two or three years
the imports beyond the exports would amount to
thirty-five millions, our currency being seventy
millions, the value of money for all domestic pur-
poses would be depreciated in proportion, and ev-
ery domestic article increased in its money price.
But the very operation which would depreciate the
value of specie, and increase money prices here,
by draining the specie from the nations of Europe
who consume our cotton, would appreciate the
value of specie, and depress money prices there.
Such was the experience ofGreat Britain, in 1840,
from having to export specie to the continent for
grain. Now, as the price of the staples of expor-
tation is fixed by the money price abroad—princi-
pally in England—it is clear that a prohibitive tariff
depresses the price of our staples at home and
abroad, while it increases that of every species of
protected articles.
Havingthus examined the operation of the preseni
tariff as a general burden upon the great consuming
interest, and a special one upon the exporting in-
terest, I will say a few words on its operation on the
revenue. I have shown that the gross income from
imports in New York has been reduced from
$1,203,000 in January, to $255,000 in December.
If this latter month be assumed as a criterion for
the present year, the custom-house at New York
will yield only about §3,000,000; and all of them to-
gether, probably, not more than six or seven mil-
lions. If this falling oft in the customs should
continue, the Government will have to live princi-
pal! v on loans, or by direct taxes, or come to a stand
As I am sure the' country is prepared to sanction-
neither of these, the only remaining course is to
reduce the tariff so as to render it a mere revenue
measure; and I confidently believe this would in-
crease the revenue five millions of dollars. Let
the average duties be twenty per cent.—none ris-
ing above twenty-five per cent.; and I will hazard
my reputation on the result. The experienced
statesmen of England concur in the opinion that,
even there, with a limited coast covered with reve-
nue-cutters, that rate of duty gives indemnity to the
smuggler for all his hazards. How much more
truly must this be the case here, with our immense
maritime ami inland frontier, the latter of which
offers such temptations and facilities for smuggling
from the British provinces'!
Then, sir, if we look to the people at large—the
wealth of the country, the credit and honor of the
Government—every consideration requires us to
fulfil the terms of the second resolution, in so mod-
ifying the tariff as to reduce it to a fair constitu-
tional measure.
I have occupied the attention of the Senate so
long upon these topics, that I shall make but a few
very brief remarks upon the third resolution. No
reform can be radical which does not reduce the
expenditures of the Government. These expendi-
tures have enormously increased since I first enter-
ed Congress; and it is' almost astounding to look at
the progress of this increase in the last twenty
years. I will first remark, that the current ex-
penses of this Government since the year 1823—
viz' the expenses of the army, the navy, and all the
branches of the Government—have increased 100
per cent. But, to give the Senate some idea of this
tendency to mci ease—surpassing that even of the
currency—I will call its attention to some of the con-
tingent branches of expenditures: they will serve
to illustrate the effects of our system of duties, more
than any reasoning. In 1823, the expenses of col-
lecting the customs were $756,000 with a revenue
of $19,000,000. In the year 1840, the expenses of
collecting the public revenue were $1,542,000,
more than double the amount, with a revenue of but
$16,000,000. The contingent expenses of Congress
for the year 1823 were £50,000. The contingent
expenses of the same body for the year 1840 were
$276,000—an enormous increase! This serves to
illustrate the genius of the times. Weare going ®n
in a course of extravagance, the natural result of
which must inevitably be the utter destruction of
the Government, sinking under its own corrup-
tions.
Mr. President, I have very great doubt (and it
has been a subject of consideration with me for
many years) whether a free representative Gov-
ernment can permanently exist under any system
of indirect taxation. But I have no hesitation in
expressing the opinion, that a federal republic like
ours, embracing manifold pursuits and conflicting
interests,^affeeted by taxation, cannot endure under
