Jtti.184s;
APPENDIX To THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
27T>T CO G"-*3D SESS.
Amendment to the Constitution—Mr. Tappan.
Senate.
a system of impost duties combining revenue and
protection. Such, unfortunately, is our system:
and I now propose to show that it renders Congress
practically an irresponsible and despotic power, in
exercising the greatest and most vital of all the
functions of Government—that of imposing the
burdens of taxation on the people. To be satis-
fied, we need only to look around us. Never, since
I entered Congress—more than-twenty years ago—
have I known a time when a fixed majority, which
controlled our legislation on the subject of taxation,
were not in favor of high duties, and heavy taxation.
In this they were sustained, and many of them
urged on, by the clamors of their constit uents.
Now the apparent anomaly is easily compre-
hended by those who have studied the philosophy
and marked the working of the protective system.
It confers bounties, instead of imposing burdens, up-
on the constituents of l hose who constitute a legisla-
tive majority on all measures tn relation to .the sub-
ject. This majority which impose taxes, so far
from contributing to pay them, actually receive the
largest portion of them in the shape of bounties.
They have a pecuniary interest in the taxes—re-
ceiving nine dollars where they pay one, or the
Government receives one. Thus, the entire bal-
ance of the Government is destroyed. The ma-
jority here impose burdens upon those to whom
they are not responsible. If we had an equal system
of taxation, every member would feel his responsi-
bility to his own constituents, and, through them,
to the whole country; as it is, he is not responsible
to his constituents for imposing laxes, but for not
imposing them. Hisgreatesl political ofl'enee would
bs, to reduce taxation. Now, I ask you, what hope
is there that economy and tetrenchment will ever
supersede waj>te and extravagance while we adhere
to the protecting system'? We see members of
Congress, representing States proverbially eco-
nomical in the management of their own affairs,
voting here for all sorts o( extravagant appropria-
tions. Now I invoke Senators to biing their
minds to the solemn consideration of this subject.
They cannot long evade it.
The welfare of the country, and the very exist-
ence of the Government, are involved in it. Let
us, then, retrace our sieps, and bring back the
Government to the good old doctrines of the prim-
itive days of Jefferson. Reduce the duties to a
revenue scale; reduce the expenses of tlffe Govern-
ment to a scale of rigid economy; leave industry
unshackled; protect every one from violence and
injustice, and leave him to enjoy, undiminished,
the fruits of his labor. Do all this, and you will
restore the people to prosperity and contentment;
restore the credit of the Government, replenish its
exhausted treasury; arrest the Government's sinking
under its own corruptions, and make it—what our
ancestors intended it to be—an example and a light
to all the nations of the earth.
SPEECH OP MR. TAPPAN,
OF OHIO.
In Senate, January 10, 1843—On the joiut resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, so as to limit the term
of office of the judges of the supreme and infe-
rior courts, as follows:
Resolved hy the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United &'atcs of America in Congress assembled,
(two-thirds of both Houses concurring therein,) Thtlt the Jol-
lowillg article be proposed to the Legislatures of the several
States as an amendment to the Constmnion o! the United States,
which, when ratified by the Legislatures of tinee-fourths of the
said States, shall be valid as a part of yaid Constitution;
namely:
The judges of the stipieme and inferior com 's shall hold
their offices for the term of seven years, if so long they shall
hehave themselves well: and the commissions of alljudgcs ol
said courts who may be in otfice at the time of the adoption o!
Ihis amendment shall expire as follows—that is to r ay (hose
who shall have been in office twenty years, shall expire in one
year; those who have been lit office ten years, shall expire ni
three years; and the commissions of ali who have not been m
office ten years, shal! ex pire i n seven years.
Mr. President: If any man supposes that the
Constitution of the United States is so perfect that
no alteration in any part of it would make it better,
he is as far from truth, in my opinion, as he
who seeks to change it to suit the party tactics of
the dav; and who, finding himself thwarted in
some favorite project, by the independent exercise
of some constitutional power, should, for that
reason, seek to abrogate that power. The Consti-
tution was formed by as wise and patriotic a body
of men as ever assembled together; but they were
men, who were agreeing upon the mode in which
?t new and untried experiment in government
should be made. With but limited experience in
the working of a Government founded on the
principle of popular sovereignty, it is astonishing
that their work is as perfect asit is;-that it is so well
adapted "toform a more perfect union, establish
justice, insure domestic tranquillity, provide for
the common defence, promote the general welfare,
and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves
and our posterity."
But, sir, the Constitution did not come from the
hands of its founders perfect in all its parts. The
State conventions, in adopting it, recommended
many alterations and amendments, which have
been agreed to; and other amendments have from
time to time been made; so that it is, in many par-
ticulars, changed from its original form. It should
be further amended, from time to time, as ex-
perience may point out its defects; and so as to
adapt it more and more to the objects which the
States of this Union had in view in establishing
it; and especially should it be amended, whenever
it is found to contravene those principles upon
which our Governments are founded. I think that
the Constitution, in establishing the judicial depart-
ment of our Government, does contravene those
fundamental principles. I am satisfied that ex-
perience has proved its defects, and that public opin-
ion calls loudly for its amendment. I therefore
perform an obvious duty in proposing this resolu-
tion.
The Constitution of the United States substan-
tially and practically makes thejudgesofthe United
States courts officers for life. In form they are to hold
their offices "during good behavior;" they may
"be removed from office on impeachment for, and
conviction oi', treason, bribery, or other high crimes
and misdemeanor*;" but no judge "shall be con-
victed without the concurrence of two-thirds of the
members [of the Senate] present" fat his trial.]
The power of impeachment has been tried, until it
is well settled that no judge can be removed from
office m that way. This Senate is a political as
well as a judicial body. Our judges are most of
them zealous, if not active politicians; and when
impeached, find, in more than one-third of the Sen-
ate, political fiiends willing to screen them from
punishment. A judge may become insane the day
after his nomination is confirmed; and yet he re-
mains a judge for life: no power but death can
constitutionally remove him from office. So, if he
becomes an habitual drunkard, drunkenness is not
technically a crime, or misdemeanor. So it is of
many things which disqualify a man from being a
judge, and which (if the office were elective) would
induce the people to leave him out as totally unfit.
They are not impeachable offences, and therefore
not sufficient to remove him from office.
To discharge the duties ot a judge, it is requisite
that the individual should have "a sound mind in
a sound body." The duty of a judge cannot be
well performed without great labor. There is no
occupation of the mind which requires more study.
In the prime and vigor of life, this labor may be
performed, and its performance may be a pleasure;
but your judges grow old, and infirm; neither fit for,
nor capable of, the bodily or mental labor exacted
by their station. In consideration of this, some States
have introduced a limitation of age, and do not al-
low a judge to remain on the bench after he has ar-
rived at the prescribed time of life. We have no
way to get rid of such a judge, but by impeachment.
Many cases have occurred since the adoption of
the Federal Constitution, of judges having become
unfit to discharge their duties. Two in our history
place the operation of the constitutional provision
as to tenure of office, in such a strong and absurd
point of view, as to justify their special notice. The
first is the case of Judge Pickering, formerly of
the United States court for the district of New
Hampshire. He had become insane by sickness, or
intemperance, (it does not appear clearly which,)
and was whollv incapable of performing his duty.
The people of New Hampshire wished to get rid of
the judge, and there was no way in which this
could be done, but by impeachment. He could
not regularly be impeached, unless he had commit-
ted "treason, bribery, or some other high crime or
misdemeanor;" all he had done, was, to go on the
bench in court time, either insane or drunk, swear
some profane oaths, and decide a cause differently
from what, by law, it ought to be decided: all this was
bad enofigh; but it would not have happened, if the
persons attending the court had conducted with
propriety, and had left the judge to hold his court
by himself, if they could in no other way prevent
such outrageous conduct. But in all this, the judge
had committed no impeachable offence. -There
was no treason or bribery to charge him with; and
to determine what were crimes ot misdemeanors,
it was necessary to examine the statute laws of the
United States, and m 110 other place could a de-
scription of them be found; but no law of the Uni-
ted States made it a crime or misdemeanor in a
judge to make an erroneous adjudication. Nor
did the law declare it a crime to be insane, or drunk,
or to use profane language. The United States
have no common-law offences, and these were not
declared such by statute. This was a sad dilemma
for a great nation to be in; but the necessity of get-
ting rid of the judge was imperative, and, instead of
taking the straightforward course, and recommend-
ing an alteration of this absurd provision of the
Constitution, which they had found so mischiev-
ous in practice, the House of Representatives
exhibited four articles of impeachment against the
judge: the three first were for his decisions in a
cause on trial before him, which were undoubtedly
erroneous, but not criminal; the fourth was for ap-
pearing on the bench of his court drunk, and rising
Erofane language; which was indeed highly repre-
ensible, but it was not contrary to law. And there
is much reason to doubt whether insanity was not
construed drunkenness, from the necessity of the
case—it being more plausible ground for impeach-
ment; for it seems, by the proceedings, that it was
suggested to the court by a son of thejudge, that, at
the time of the conduct charged against him, he
was insane, and remained so at the time of trial;
which suggestion was supported by the testimony
of two members of the court, and by the affidavits
of several persons whose integrity and veracity
were unimpeached. After having this matter before
them a year, the Senate at last tried the judge in
his absence, found him guilty on all the charges,
and removed him from office.
The other case was that of Judge Duvall, of the
Supreme Court, who sat on the bench of that court
more than ten years after he had become so deaf
that he could not hear a word that was spoken in
court. If the whole court had been as deaf as
Judge Duvall", they must have sat there until death
removed them; for, after the farce of removing
Judge Pickering, it was not possible to get up and
carry through such another perversion of law and
justice. Now, if a judge become insane, a drunk-
ard, deaf, superannuated, or in any way incapable
of performing his duty, he must remain an incum-
bent of the office. Let the necessity of getting rid
of him be ever so urgent, he cannot be removed by
impeachment, for he has committed no crime; and
it would not now be suffered that any man should
be impeached, and convicted of high crimes and
misdemeanors, for acts which no court of law
would dare to pronounce such.
The fundamental principle on which society
and government repose in these Slates, is the per-
fect liberty and equality of our citizens. We adopt
in theory, and without any limitation, the doctrine
that the sovereign power exists at all times in the
whole body of the people; and that so much of that
power as the public peace and safety require to be
exercised, can only act legitimately when it acts
according to their will, as their instrument or ser-
vant. The State Governments and the General
Government are differently organized, and have
different duties to perform; but the same principles
are the foundation of all of them in theory: in
practice, there have been departures from them—
one of which it is the object of this amendment to
correct. I believe, sir, that, for the number of our
people, we are the strongest Government on earth.
We owe this strength to our institutions—to the
extent to which, in practice, we carry out our theo-
ries of government. And does noitnis prove, nat t
will add to our security and strength to conform
the practice of our State and National Govern-
ments entirely to the principles we profess1? For
myself, I declare freely, that I have no doubt it
would add greatly to our security in "the enjoy-
ment of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,"
and strengthen our Government much more, to
have the exercise of all power more immediately
by the people, in the election of all officers (judi-
cial, as well as executive and legislative) for short
periods of time, and by direct vote of the people.
Government, with us, is a practical science; so
that there is little or no danger that theories will
stand their ground long, unless thev are tested and
approved by experience. If our Government, in.
stead of being spread over a continent, was to*
