Mm, 1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Gong.*. 3d Sess.
The Oregon BUI-—Mr, Linn.
Senate.
th*§ir principles of government, have departed from
'Stage of human action.
- Otir Constitution, gives men a power after death,
1 ftgfii&Hied, to a Certain extent, over property,) for
r-eaSOns Wholly inapplicable to a Government such
as ours professes to be. On this part of our .system,
I Will again call your attention to Mr. Jefferson's
opinions, in his letter to Mr. Barry:
{".We already see (says he) the power installed for lifo, respon-
sitile-fd rio authority, (for impeachment is not even a ecarccrow,)
Advancing, with a noiseless and steady pace, to the great object
ofconsblidation. The foundations are already deeply laid, by
their decisions, for the annihilation of constitutional 2«uue rights,
ancltheremoval'of every check, every counterpoise to the in-
giimng power, of which themselves are to make a sovereign
patt. If ever this vast country is brought under a single Gov*
emmem, it will be one of the most extensive corruption, indif-
ferent, and incapable of a wholesome rate over so wide a spread
ofstfnace. This will not be borne; and you will have to choose
between reformation and levolution. Ill know the spiritofthis
.country, the one or (he other is inevitable, Before the cancer
ia become inveterate, belore its venom has reached so much
of the, body politic as to get beyond contiol, remedy bhould be
applied. Let thejuture appointments of judges be for four
orsixyears, and renewable by the President anirSenate. Tnis
will bring their conduct, at regular periods, under revision and
probation, and may keep them in equipoise between the General
and special Governments, We have erred in this point, by
copying England; where, certainly, it is a good thing to have
the judges independent of the King, tint we have omitted to
copy their caution also, which makes ajudge removable on the
address of both legislative houses. That there should be pub-
lic functionaries independent of the nation, whatever may be
their demerit, is a solecism in a Republic of the first order of
absurdity and inconsistency."
I agree that it is essential to a correct administra-
tion of justice, that judges should be independent
men. The Constitution proceeds on the hypothe-
sis, that independence in men is a quality which
can be created by legislation. It assumes, by giving
office for life, to create wisdom and virtue, and
give them certain duration; but this hypothesis is
proved false by the common sense and experience
of mankind. The independent man—or, m other
words, the just and upright man—is not made
so by operation of law, but by careful training Jrom
infancy, aided by a happy temperament. A man
whose habits of thinking and acting are loose and
vicious, cannot be translormed into a fit man for a
judge, by giving him office for life, with any amount
of salary. The independence the Constitution gives
to judges, has an almost irresistible tendency to
make them worthless; and, if such has not been the
effect upon our judges, it is because they have been
men of uncommon strength and energy of charac-
ter. I assert that the best possible way of securing
good judges is to have them elected by the people
for short periods. If they are constantly depend-
ent on the people, they will endeavor to make them-
selves acceptable to the people; and how is this to
be done? What judges are the most popular every-
where"? Are they those who are believed to take
bribes'! are they those who are known to be under
the influence of other men, whose decisions are al-
ways governed by personal considerations'? Are
they not, on the contrary, those men whom the<puh-
lic believe to be disinterested, free from prejudice,
free from personal or party influence'? And if so,
will not a dependence on the people, by compelling
judges to seek popularity, compel them to take that
course which will secure popularity! I hold that
judge to be a fool, sir, who does not make it the
great object of all his labors to acquire popularity;
to gain the good opinion of his cotemporaries,
"that his name may be honored in the land."
It is a great mistake to make our judges inde-
pendent of the people; but it is a mistake made by
all the States who formed constitutions for their
government, during or at the close of the Revolu-
tion, aswell asbythe convention which formed the
Federal Constitution. They knew from history
the danger of the judicial tribunals being dependent
on weak and profligate princes, and supposed that,
to render them independent, it was necessary to
place them above the power of the people. On
this subject, it is very evident that the people of
the United States have changed their opinion; they
have experienced the evils which have resulted
from making judges permanent, and are from time
to time changing their constitutions in respect to
their courts, while the new States commence their
Government upon the mote correct principles.
Eleven States now elect their judges for limited pe-
riods of time—Pennsylvania, fifteen years; Arkan-
sas, eight years; Maine, New Jersey, Ohio, Indiana,
Alabama, and Michigan, seven years; Mississippi,
six years; Georgia, three years; Vermont, one
year; Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Connecti-
cut, Delaware, New York, Maryland, Virginia,
Worth Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Louisiana, and Missouri, during good be-
havior. In some of these latter States, judges are
removable on an address of three-fourths; in others,
of two-thijds of both Houses of their Legislatures;
and even in Rhode Island, where no one has look-
ed lately for any improvement in government, the
dominant party, in making their new constitution,
have been so far controlled by the common sense
of the country, and the example set them by some
of the other States, as to place their judges alto-,
gether in the power of the people, by making them
removable at every annual election, by a majority
of the legislative body, although in form they hold
their offices during good behavior.
I do not expect, Mr. President, that a majority
of this body will now vote for this amendment of
the Constitution; and I have not offered it with any
hope of such result. I offer it to call public atten-
tion to the subject. Our courts of justice, particu-
larly the United States courts, are not much known
and observed by the people; for it is but a small pro-
portion of our citizens who see these courts as
suitors, witnesses, or jurors, and great abuses
might prevail in them, and be long continued, un-
less the attention of the people was called to them
by some such proposition as I have now. made—a
proposition which I shall continue to make while
I have the honor of a seat in this body, unless its
adoption shall relieve me from the performance of
that duty.
SPEECH OF MR. LINN,
OF MISSOURI.
In Hinale, January 26, 1843—In reply to Mr. Mc-
Duffie, on the Oregon bill.
Mr. LINN said the opposition to the measure
which he had had the honor oi introducing, had
confined itself, except on the part of the Senators
from South Carolina, to the grant of lands. One
of those Senators made that lus chief objection;
but was averse, in addition, to all present action
upon the matter. The other, who spoke yester-
day. [Mr. McDuitib,] took still wider ground—
blamed the bdl as to all its incidental parts, as
well as its objects, and declared his fixed repug-
nance, not only to this scheme of settlement, but
to all expansion of our population whatever. Cer-
tain remarks of the latter eloquent Senator de-
mand a particular reply; and, in answering them,
if I can sufficiently, I shall have met whatever else
has been further objected to the bill.
It is with a want of consideration, of meditation,
and preparation of the measure, that he more di-
rectly taxes it. To this objection, the history of
the bill, and of its repeated introduction here, is
the best answer. The measure was first intro-
duced some twenty-two years ago, in the House of
Representatives. It has, therefore, had all the time
necessary to reach the legal age of discretion. A
bill of like form and objects was uiged again upon
Congress in 1823, with much ability and research,
by a distinguished member, (the late Governoi
Floyd,J one of whose favorite objects it continued
to be up to the close of his honorable congressional
career. Though he did not induce the Legisla-
ture to embrace his views, yet the measure com-
manded the attention of President Monroe, and
was strongly recommended in his last annual mes-
sage. His successor, (Mr. Adams,) in like man-
ner, viewed it as a proper part ot our national
policy, and pressed it upon the attention of Con-
gress. This was followed up by two reports from
the accomplished pen of Mr. Baylies in suppoit
of the President's recommendation. In 1828, it
was once mote introduced, in a regular legisla-
tive form, by Governor Floyd, and passed the House
of Representatives by a large majority, but failed
in the Senate by a plurality of two votes. Since
then, it has repeatedly, in one form or another,
been the subject of executive attention and legis-
lative discussion.
In 1836, Mr. Slacum, a young gentleman admi-
rably fitted for this difficult service, was commis-
sioned by General Jackson to examine the coun-
try, and report upon its inducements to occupation,
state of the fur trade, commercial advantages, &e.
The information which that gentleman peisonally
collected was placd before Congress in 1838. In
the mean time, (October, 1837,) during the extra
session, I made a call upon the Executive for
whatever it could communicate, in. its possession,
upon this interesting subject. The answer, be-
sides other matter, brought us, at the regular ses-
sion, the report of Mr, Slacum of his several jour-
neys and voyages from Mexico to Californili, to
the Sandwich Islands, and to the Territory of Ore-
gon. I then moved the reference of the whole
subject to the Committee on Foreign Relation^,
which was then opposed strenuously by geiitlemen
who are nov> in favor of its reference to that conl-
mittee. Finding this opposition, I moVed its refer-
ence to the Committee on Military Affairs, which
was also strenuously opposed by all. ^ho took
any part in the debate." It segmed to be the opin-
ion of the Senate, that it should be referred to
neither of the committees, but that it appropriately-
belonged to a select committee; which was accord-
ingly adopted. Being the author of the proposi-
tion m regard to the Territory of Oregon, I was
selected as the chairman of that committee. On
the 6th of June, 1838, the committee submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill.
While these proceedings were going on in the
Senate, Mr. Cushino, a member of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in the House of Representatives,
presented the question to that body, followed up by
a report made by him—a report which, it may be
said with truth, exhausted the subject. Neither
the Senate nor House bill was reached that session.
Then came the Maine boundary excitement, and
the political and party agitation of the years 1839
and 1840, in the midst of which there was so little
hope of commanding the attention of Congress in
a measure in no manner connected with the presi-
dential election, that it was thought unnecessary to
press it upon the consideration of the Senate. Not-
withstanding this, I was not unmindful of its im-
portance; and in January, 1840,* a resoluiion was,
at my instance, sent to the. War Department, as
to the expediency of a line of milifary posts ex-
tending to the Rocky Mountains, upon which a fa-
vorable report was returned by Mr. Poinsett.
That report 1 have already had the honor to cite
to the Senate in my opening remarks upon this
bill, when it first came up for consideration this
session. When next I brought it forward, the for-
eign negotiations with Lord Ashburton, which
ended in the J ate treaty, were about to be -set on
foot; and I was urged by all political parties not to
embroil them with another ditficulty, by a renewed
effort to bring about the occupation of the territory.
To these wishes I reluctantly yielded, consenting
to wait for the results of the promised diplomacy.
That diplomacy has suffered the occasion to pass
almost without an allusion to the subject; and still,
as before, the cry is, "Not now! wait a little long-
er! presently! By-and-bv we are certain to bring
the whole business happily through, if yon will not
pre«s it now !" Such has ever been the encourage-
ment, or the argument, with which the measure
has, for above twenty years, been met; and the Sen-
ator from South Carolina will, therefore, see that
the purpose has been pursued with everything that
could give it forecast, mid that no indiscreet meas-
ure or issue has been pressed againstGreat Britain,
or urged upon the Senate. It has been held back
not only until it became, in point of lime, appro-
priate, but indispensable, if we are ever to accom-
plish the object at which we aim.
The main subject was urged on the attention of
Congress in President Tyler's firstannual message,
where.it is also strongly sustained by the auxiliaiy
reports of the Secretaries of War and the Navy;
and the same recommendation was once more pre-
sented to Congiess m the reports of Secretaries
Spencer and Upshur, at the beginning of this ses-
sion. The country is indebted to Mr. Pendleton
for an excellent report in 1842, to the House of
Representatives, accompanying a bill even stronger
than the one now under discussion.
This succinct history of the measure must cer-
tainly acquit the committee of any indiscreet
haste, any inconsiderateness, any precipitateness of
plunging Congress into premature debate, or a rash
issue with Great Britain; particularly as both Mr.
Jefferson and Mr, Madison had originally been in
favor of some action.
As to the apprehended effects of debate here,
the Senator, I think, exaggerates to himself thena-
'About the same periud, I introduced anoiher resolution in the
Senate, calling for funher information from the State De-
partment In reply to which, Mr. Greenhow's admirable Me*
moir, Historical, Political, and Geographical, of the Northwest
Coast, and drawn op at the request of Mr, Forsyth, was sent in;
and 3,000 copies were printed by ouler of the Seriate. Mr.
Greenhow's Memoir contains the mon careful and correct in-
formation that could be obtained up to that period, including
even the best British authorities; and it clearly proves, beyond
all possibility of doubt or cavil, that the title of the United
States to the country is incontrovertible.
