ISO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. I84S.
27th Cong*«*«3d Sbss.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
tional irritation -which may be so produced. Great
Britain—herself accustomed to the most unre-
strained parliamentary discussion—surely better
understands how debate, and the heats into which
it naturally runs, are to be viewed. It is by our
action—not our speeches—that Great Britain will
be influenced. I shall therefore continue to speak,
as I have spoken, freely; well convinced that what
■we say of her here will be of no more serious con-
sequence in London, than- what she says of us, in
her legislative wrangling, is of weighty influence
upon us.
I understand the Senator's objections to the bill to
be three-fold: first, that it would, in its main pro-
visions, be an infraction of the conventions of 1818
and 1827; secondly, that, when carried into effect,
it must plunge us into all the expense of a remote
military occupation; thirdly, that the territory it-
self is valueless, and must prove a disadvantage,
not only through the enormous expense it must en-
tail upon us, but by dispersing our population, from
whose concentration alone a progressive and an el-
evated civilization is to be expected.
The Senator will pardon me if I say that the en-
tire scope of his remarks yesterday proves him
greatly to undervalue a territory as yet little known
m his quarter. There is a mass of documentary
information in regard to it, in which I am com-
pelled to suppose him not versed. Even putting these
minuter facts out of view, however,and supposing its
surface steril, there are in its favor high and ob-
vious elements of commei cial value, of future com-
mercial greatness, which I thought certain to strike
a mind as capable as his of embracing these im-
portant considerations. It is plainly, at no distant
day, the destined avenue of a great trade from all
our territories to the Pacific and the East. Nor
does he less overlook its present and past import-
ance. The inertness of our policy has already for-
feited to us more than ten millions of legitimate trade.
By the sheer neglect of our Government, our fur-
trade on that coast—formerly affording at least half
a million—has been suffered, under the operation of
the existing treaty, to dwindle to some two thou-
sand dollars a year. Examine, sir, the returns of
our fur-trade, from the first settlement on the Co-
lumbia, by Astor, down to the present time; and you
will find that it has sunk to the paltry amount I
have mentioned, and that all the auxiliary com-
merce which was connected with it—the trade
from that coast to China—i? extinct.
These are matters easily established by docu-
mentary evidence before me, so copious that I dare
not tax the patience of the Senate with its reading.
I will venture only to cite a single document and
letter, addressed to me by Mr.Pierce, while engaged
in this trade of the Northwest:
"Boston, May 1,1842.
"Sir: Thinking it may be interesting or important to you to
know of some of the late operations and present plans of the
British Hudson Bay Company in the Nouh Pacific ocean, I
beg leave to present to your notice some facts in relation to the
same, and which have come to my knowledge from personal
observation, or from sources entitled to the fullest credit.
"All that extensive Ime of coast comprehending the Russian
possessions on the northwest coast of America, from Mount St.
Shas south to the latitude of 54 deg. 40 mm. north, (the last be
ingthe boundary line between the Russian and American terri-
tories,) together with the eole and exclusive right or privilege
of frequenting all ports, bays, sounds, rivers, &.c. within said
territory, and establishing forts and trading with the Indians,
has been leased or granted by the Russian American Fur Com-
panyto the British Hudson Bay Company for the term of ten
years from January, 1842, and for which the latter are to pay,
annually, four thousand fur seal skins, or the value thereof in
money, at the rate of thirty-two shillings each—say .£6,400
sterling, or $30,720.
"In theabovenamed lease the Russians have, however, re-
served to themselves the island of Sitka, or New Archangel; in
which place, you probably are aware, the Russians have a
large settlement—the depot and headquarters of theirfur trade
with the Fox islands, Aleutian islands, and the continental shore
westward of Mount St. Ellas. AH the trading establishments
of the Russians lately existing at Tumgasa Stickene, and other
places within said territory, leased to tne Hudson Bay Compa
ny, have of consequence been broken up. Thus the Hudson
Bay Company, not content with monopolizing the heretofore
profitable trade of the Americans, of supplying the Russian set-
tlements on the Northwest coast, have now completely cut them
off also from all trade with the most valuable fur regions in the
world.
"Whether the arrangements made between the Russians and
English, above alluded to, are conformable to the treaties ex-
istmg between the United States on the one part, and those na-
tions respectively on the other, I leave to your better knowl-
edge to determine.
"With the doings of the Hudson Bay Company at Puget's
pound and the Columbia river you are doubtless fully informed:
those, however, lately commenced by them in California will
admit of my saying a few words.
" At San Francisco they have purchased a large house, as a
trading establishment and depot for merchandise; and they in-
tend this year to have a place of the same kind at each of the
principal ports in Upper California. Two vessels are buildine
m Londons intended for the name trade—that is, for the coast-
ing trade; and, after completing their cargoes, to carry them
to England. These things, with others, give every indication
that it is the purpose of the. Hudson Bay Company to monop-
olize the whole hide and tallow trade of the coast of Califor-
nia—a trade which now employs more than hajf a million of
American capital.
tk At the Sandwich Islands the company have a large trading
establishment, and have commenced engaging in the com-
merce of the country, with evident designs to monopolize it
if possible, and to drive off the Americans who have hereto-
fore been its chief creators and conductors.
"I have been mlormed by one of the agents of the Hudson
Bay Company that the agricultural and commercial opera-
tions of the English at Puget's sound, Columbia river, Califor-
nia, and Sandwich Islands, are carried on, not actually by the
Hudson Bay Company, but by what may be termed a branch
of it—by gentlemen who are the chief members and stock-
holders of said company, and who have associated themselves
underthe firm of 1'elby, Simpson, & Co. iu London, and with
a capital of more than $15,000,000.
"Seeing these companies, then, marching with iron foot-
steps to the possession of the most valuable portion of country
in the Northern Pacific; and considering, too, the immense
amount of their capital, the number, enterpnse, and energy
of their agents, and the policy pursued by them, great reason
is there to fear that American commerce in that part of the
world must soon lower its flag. But, sir, it is to be hoped that
our Government will soon do something to break up the Brit-
ish settlements in the Oregon Territory, and thereby destroy
the source from which now emanate the most dire evils to
American interests in the Wesstern world. In the endeavor
to bring about that desirable object, you have done much; and
every friend to his country, every person interested in the com-
merce of the Pacific, must feel grateful for the valuable ser-
vices rendered them by you.
"With great respect, your obedient servant,
uHENRY A. PIERCE,"*
The Senator from Kentucky gave the other day
a very striking sketch of the vast and widespread
operations of the Hudson Bay Company. They
may be yet more visibly traced in a map of their
possessions before me. Here Senators may cast
their eyes over a territory, stretching from the bay
of the north Atlantic which has lent its name to the
association, to the Pacific and the borders of Mex-
ico. Over this wide dominion, dotted with their
frequent forts, settlements, and factories, and over
its many Indian tribes, they hold'undisputed rale,
*FTJRS.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, May 21, 1842.
Sir: I have the honor to enclose the statement of furs ex-
ported to Canton. I have the export in the direct trade, and the
general trade, as far as returns have been made.
JAMES McCLERY.
Hon. N. G Pendleton.
Value of furs exported to Canton on American ac-
count., annually > from 1821 to 1840.
Years.
Direct trade.
General trade.
Remarks.
1821
$142,399
©310 991
1822
78,158
490,081
319,231
1823
100.910
1824
89,939
269,449
1825
33,130
270,44'*
1826
45.110
258,235
1827
100,966
256,809
1828
101,761
No return,
1829
80,160
-
Do.
1830
10,306
-
Do.
1831
42,390
-
Do.
1832
129,570
-
Do
1833
109,695
I33,0S5
1S31
8,383
11)0,348
1S35
4^,964
134,518
1836
34,888
100,000
Estimated.
1837
561
96,162
1838
37,804
54 832
1839
16,794
40,000
Do.
1840
2,S 68
-
No return.
This table, exhibiting a gradually diminishing trade in fuis,
fiom the period that the hunting and tiadiog of British subjects
in Oregon was authorized by the convention of 1818, is the best
commentary upon the principles and provisions of that conven
tion. Individual disinterestedness or generosity may surrender
to general participation theadvantages and privileges of an ex
elusive right; but the wiser, safer, and more general rule of na-
tional action, is in every grant to demand an equivalent. The
convention of 1818, was a departure fiom this salutary lule, and
its consequences we read in the above tah'e—the uncompen-
sated transfer to the Hudson Bay Company of all that trade
which our own citizens have lost. This simple statement af
fords a lesson by which we shall do well to piofit in time, before
our own indifference, forbearance, and neglect shall render ut
terly worthless the object for which we have so long contended.
If the successful and beneficial assertion of our riiilit shall ever
be made, it must be made now. Fuither acquiescence in the
exclusive possession of the Hudson Bay Company, (for north
of the Columbia, it is in fact exclusive,) if not an absolute sui
render of our claim, is what is almost equivalent to it~an abar.
donment of the game, which constitutes its principal value,
to the annihilation of thriftless hunting and indiscriminate
slaughter.
From six to eight hundred men annually go to the Rockv
Mountains, on hunting and trading expeditions who collect a
large amount of furs; the value-of which, however, the coir
mittee has no means of ascertaining with any degree of accu
racy. This trade would greatly and rapidly increase under the
protection which the contemplated posts will afford.
as complete as was ever exercised in Hindostan by
the great company which was the skilful instru-
ment of England in seizing upon her present em-
pire there. The red spots on this map designate
the various forts; the others, the settlements of the
company's retired servants.
What landmarks, what signs of dominion or
possession, has this Government affixed to the soill
None. How have your claims fceen vindicated!
What care have you had of even the subordinate
matter of your trade, usually not slighted by act-
ively commercial nations'? Your fur trade, as I
have said, is gone; that with the Russian posses-
sions has been suffered to pass into foreign hands;
that with the Sandwich Islands lies at the mercy of
your watchful rival; and not a step is taken to stay
her encroachments upon your soil, or her inroads
upon your commerce!
It is not, sir, because 1 am a Western man, or
because my immediate constituents take a deep
concern in this matter, that I urge it. I regard it
only as a National question. It is as a great and
acknowledged interest of the whole Union that t
would preserve it, let it directly benefit what sec-
tion of the country it may. Nothing local, nothing
sectional, enters into my feelings, or shall sway my
judgment. I view it—and trust that every other
Senator will view it—only in its broader relations
to the whole country, and have aimed to treat it
only m that way.
In regard to the particular interests involved in
the question, I could read many documents, with
which I will not weary the attention of the Senate.
They will permit me, however, to cite from the
excellent report of Mr. Pendleton to the other
House, the following important letter of Captain
Spalding, of the ship Lausanne, of New York, ad-
dressed to myself:
"Atpresent, the company cultivate about three thousand acres
ot land, and raise about eighteen thousand bushels of wheat,
fourteen thousand bushels of potatoes, three thousand bushels
of pease, anu have both flour and saw-mills; they have seven
thousand head of cattle, two thousand sheep, hogs, &c., and
have engaged to supply the Russians with eight thousand bush-
els of wheat annually, and 1 do not know how many thousand
pounds of butter at 6d. sterling per pound; they have a large
number of men in their employ, four ships, two schooners, and
a steamboat; they have teveial forts> on the south side of the
Co!umhia,and take out ofthe river probably not less than five
hundred thousand dollars m value per annum; while our Gov-
ernment remains perfectly passive and unconcerned I must
confess, when I saw all this, I felt ashamed that I was an Amer-
ican lam convinced that not another nation under heaven
would submit to it, or could be so negligent of the interests of its
people. The company have all the cactle, sheep, &c., but will
not sell to a settler a single cow or a sheep; they will, I believe,
sometimes sell a pig, but nothing else alive—not even a horse;
nothing that breathes. They have now contracted to supply the
Russians at Sidka, and all the northern parts, with goods of all
kinds that the Russians lequireat twenty five per cent, advance
on the London invoice, to be delivered at the ports where they
are wanted, without charge for freight or expense of any kind;
thus driving the Americans off the coast. It isalso well under-
stood that they purpose taking possession of the Sandwich
Islands, which the British Government claim under an old
grant from Tamaahmaah. There is too good reason to believe
(indeed the opinion is prevalent at Oregon) that the grasping
ambition of the British will not with all this be satisfied, but that
they intend to add even California to their possessions, mean-
ing and inipnfling therpby to obtain possession of the bay of
San Francisco, which is decidedly the best place on the whole
west coast of America for a naval depot, and where the com-
bined navies of the whole world could anchor with perfect
safetj; being accessible at all times for vessels of any draught
of water.
'•The colony fiom the United States is situated on the Walla®
met, a branch ofthe Columbia, about ninety miles from the
mouth of ihe river, which is, undoubtedly, the finest grazing
and wheat country in Oregon. At present, it consists of about
seventy families, who raise consideiable grain, and have about
three thousand head of cattle. The mission last year raised
one thousand bushels of wheat, and made butter, cheese,
&c., enough foi their own use They have five hundred
head of cattle and two hundred horses, and last year they
sowed four hundred bushels of wheal, one hundred and
twenty bushels of pease, and planted a large quantity of
potatoes aod vegetables of all descriptions. They have hogs,
poultry, &c., in abundance. Last year they raised over fifteen
bundled bushelsof potatoes. The extent of the country com-
prising the Wallamet Valley is about three hundred miles long
and two hundred broad, inteispersed with ravines of wood, gen-
erally of sufficient quantities for fuel and fencing. The land in
its natural state is usually ready for the plough, and is very fer-
tile, producing from twenty-five to forty bushels of wheat to the
acre; and the climate is so mild that the cattle subsist in the
fields without fodder or shelter of any kind being prepared or
piuvided for ihem through the winter. Salmon can be taken at
the Wallamet falls (which, however, thp, British have taken
possession of, and compelled our people to build their mills at
the falls above) with little trouble, from May to September, in
almost any quantity I have no hesitation in saying that ten
thousand barrels might be taken per annum. Probably no place
in the world offers greater inducements for emigrants. Pro-
visions might readily be procured to support one thousand emi-
grants at any time Flour was this season high, m consequence
of a want of mills— a difficulty that is now obviated by the erec-
tion of two new ones, viz. one by Mr. McKey, and one by the
mission; as also two saw-mills. Wheat is nominally worin one
dollarper bushel, beefeix centsper pound, pork ten, cows fifty
dollars each, oxen sixty, horses thirty-five. Potatoes being
