Jan. 1§43.
APPENDIX T<D THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IBS'
STrp CONO 3D SESS.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
ad3ed to the great household of nations, and is al-
ready among the first in the world! There are
tnrise.amongst as who have talked with Daniel Boon,
tl|at overland Columbus who first explored the re-
cesses of that immense wilderness in which we
now count many States, teeming with population
and wealth, and glad with all the gilts of civiliza-
tion. What imagination has yet outstripped the
gigantic pace at which improvement marches
aroopgst us? Sir, I can well conceive the tumult
of delight which must have swelled the bosom of
Clarke, when, from the bluff he had gained, he first
he.ard the roar of the great ocean, and saw the
surges of the Pacific bathing the territory he had
explored. In the vision of that moment, he saw
through the dim vista of the future rising States of
his .countrymen spreading along that shore, and the
white sails of their commerce wafting along the
bosom of that peaceful sea the barbaric wealth of
the East, in return for the more solid fruits of our
own industry. One cannot read the warm and
striking description of what he saw and felt, with-
out sharing in his enthusiasm. Some of us now
here have shaken hands with Boon, with Clarke,
with Cass, who had often conversed with a rela-
tive, a contemporary of the first-born of the Pil-
grim fathers. What a picture does this present
for the contemplation of the statesman and philos-
opher! The chain is complete from the Atlantic
to the Pacific ocean—from the first-born of Massa-
chusetts, to Clarke on the borders of the Western
ocean.
But the Senator from South Carolina thinks the
Rocky Mountains impracticable to road making.
He is mistaken. Even m a state of nature, they
have easy passes, well known lor the last thirteen
years to our traders and traveller. They who
will venture unprotected, perform the journey
readily in wagons, with their women and children,
over beaten routes—by one principal one espe-
cially, established for the last fifteen years, along
the smooth, even surface of the inclined plane of
the river Platte. Along this many families have
gone, threading the mountain defiles, descending
the western slope, and arriving at the Walla-Walla,
or Fort Vancouver, within three months of their
departure from the Eastern prairies.* These things
have escaped the Senator's attention, and he sees
only arid sands or volcanic rocks, and stern im-
passable barriers. Without meaning anything in-
vidious, 1 would invite him to contiast these re-
gions, as to their soil, climate, and natural ad-
vantages, with some of the old thirteen States as
they now are. Oregon has its belts of sand- so
has South Carolina. Oregon has its mountains:
so has Carolina. Oregon has its rainy season.
South Carolina has its hurricanes. Oregon has
its season when dews alone supply moisture to the
soil; but it has not the death-breathing swamps of
South Carolina. Oregon has a genial climate:
neither parched nor frozen: South Carolina has her
fierce summer heats an.l her fatal fevers.
But I will not pursue ihe parallel; for all coun-
tries offer something- which patriotism m each hails
as a peculiar blessing denied to other lands. A
word, however, of the climate of Oregon. From
actual observations, skilfully recorded, its winter
tempeiature, near the coast, is about that of Augusta,
Georgia. It has its stated seasons of wet and of dry
weather. Like the entire western coast, from 60
"There are four parses through the Xtocky Mountains. The
best one was discovered, twelve or fi fieeo years since. by hunter-
traders; and is described in reports to the War Depart-
ment by Messrs. Ashley, Pitcher, Sublette, Jackson, Smith, ana
others; but ihe one here given is from Missionary Park-*! s
book: c .
"On the 10th ot August, they were m the passage of the
Rocky Mountains, at an opening recently exploml, in latitude
421 degrees north, about 3 or 4 degrees south of the place where
Lewis and Clarke crossed and recrossed with groat difficulty,
above thirty years before, ur.der the direction oi Government.
'The passage through these mountains is in a valley, so gradual
inascent and descent, that I should not have known that we
were passing them, had it not been that, as we advanced, the
atmosphere gradually became colder, and at length vse found
the perpetual snows upon our risht hand and upon our left, ele 
vated manv thousand feet above us-m some places ten
thousand. 'The highest parts of these mountains are found, by
measurement, 10 be eighteen thousand feet above the level of
the sea. This valley was not discovered until some years
emce. Mr. Hunt and his party, more than twenly years ago,
went near it, but dai not find it, though in search of some la-
yorable passage. It varies in width from five to twenly miles;
and, following its course, the distance through the mountains
is about eighty miles, or four days' journey. Though there
are some elevations and depiessions in this val'ey, yet. com-
paratively speaking, it islevel. There would be n« difficulty
m the way of constructing a railroad from the Atlantic to the
Pacific ocean; and, probably, the time may not be far distant
when trips will be made across the continent, as they have
been made to Niagara fall*, to see nature'swonderB,',"
degrees north to Chili, it has a much milder cli-
mate than the same parallel on the eastern shore of
our continent. There is no part of the territory in
which lands fit for cultivation do not abound;* for,
in the tracts where rains do not fall, abundant dews
compensate them; and great facilities i'or irrigation
exist. Abundant and beautiful livulets descend,
on all sides, from the snow-capped mountains, al-
ways in view; and one gentleman—whose peculiar
opportunities and fitness to form a correct judg-
ment the Senate knows—declares that it is the finest
pastoral country he has ever seen; and he has seen
many. All intelligent obi-er vers speak with de-
light of the singular beauty of its scenery, unrival-
ed by any in the United Siates. As to maritime
conveniences, where has South Carolina a port
comparable to thai of Pnget's and others within the
straits of De Fuen; where, wtH-sheltered, and in
water only inconveniently deep, close to the nat-
ural sea-wall, a thousand men-of-war may lie"!
Has South Carolina a river like the Oregon"? If
the Columbia has impediments as its mouth, so has
every harbor on our Eastern and Southern coast. I
desire not to disparage other States, but only to
show of what Oregon is capable for national and
individual purposes, were its resources called out.
When its great river sh?41 have fleets of pilot-boats,
lighters, barges, steam tow-boats, light-huuses, and
all the commercial appliances oi a busy population,
the impediments of us entrance will grow no more
alarming than those of New York, or of our other
Eastern harbors. The loss ot the Peacock at its
mouth, for want ot a proper knowledge of the chan-
nel, does not stamp it as a dangerous entrance or
unsafe roadstead. .
Though these statements have taxed both the
time and the patience of the Senate, I could not
avoid them. They were indispensable, to coun-
teract the discouraging and disparaging opinions
so strongly pionounced by the Senator from South
Carolina. To these allegations of mete opinion
and auihoritv, it was necessary to oppese the well-
substantiated facts furnished by intelligent eye-
witnesses.
Allow me, to the same effect, to cite a description
of the country lately communicated tome by Mr.
Titian Peale, an accomplished naturalist, who is
well known in science for the part which he bore
m Long's expedition, as well as in the late explo-
ring voyage under Lieutenant Wilkes. He re-
cently lavored me with the following letter:
[Mr. Peale says to the following effect: That Ihe
Hudson Bay Company has several extensive farms,
with mills, &e., on the north side of the Columbia.
They are in a very flourishing condition: supply
usually about 2,000 bushels of wheat to the Russian
*1 call the attennon of the reader to ihe folkmi.-g extract of a
statement of Mr. Townsend, the ornithologist attached to the
National Institute,at Washington.
"The face of the country from Foil George (Astoiia) to Van-
couver—a distance of e ghty miles—is very much of :i uniform
character, consisting of alluvia! meadows along ihenver banks,
alternating with forcs!3 of pine, oak, ; while behind are ex-
tensive plains, some of which receive esfuarits ol the liver,
while others are watered by lakes or ponds, many of them so
large as to remain filled during (lie whole summer. The pine
foiests are very extensive, ihe trees being of great size, and the
tilnb.r extraordinary beautiful, siraighl, and nee ft om kno:s.
All the timber of the genus pinus, of which there are a great
number ol species, is gigantic, when compared with our tiees
in this part of the world; but occasionally one is met with, huge
almost beyond comparison. I measured, with Doctor Gardii.er,
suigeon of the fori, a pine of the species Dc'itglasii, which had
been prostrated by ihe wind. I's height was above two hun-
dred feet, and its circumference forty five feet! Large as was
this specimen, its dimensions ate much exceeded by one on the
Umptqua river, measured by ihe late Mr. David Douglass.
The heieht of this tiee was, I think, nearly Hirer hundredferl,
and its circumference fifty six ffet! The cones of this pine,
according to Mr. Douglass, were from twelve lo fifteen inches
in length, resembling in size and f n-m sugar-loaves. Oak tim-
ber of various kinds, and of the first quality, is abundant along
the liver, as welt as the button wod, {frta'.anus occidcntalis,)
bal'am poplar, (populus balsamif/ira,) ash, sweet srum, (Hqvi-
dnmhpr styraafiua,) beech, and many other useful kinds, but
no hickory or walnut. .
"The Governor of Fort Vancouver, who is an active agricul-
turist, has exerted himself for several years in raising whatever
appears to be adapted to the soil, and 1 can therefoie only make
known the results of his experiments so far as I had an oppor-
tunity of observing them. Wheal, rye, bailey, pease, and culi-
nary vegetables of all kinds, are raised in ample quantity. The
wheatisp-iriicularly fine: tall, wnhlong and well filled heads.
1 had an opportunity subsequently of steins the Chilnn wheat,
which is deservedly celebiated; hut I consider it decidpdly infe
nor to that eiown on lb*1 Columbia. Fi oils of various kinds,
apples, peaches, plums. &c., d" rcmaikably well. 1 remember
being paraculaily siruck, upon my arrival at Von-ouver in the
autumn, with the dis day of apples in the garden of the fort.
The trees were crowded with fruit, so that every limb requped
to be sustained by a prop. The apples were literally packed
along the branches, and so closely that I could compare them
to nothing more aptly than to ropes of onions as they are some-
times exhibited for sate in our markets,"
colony, much lumber and produce of the dairy to
the Sandwich Islands. He mentions their herds
of cattle and sheep, kept on the south side of the
river. Of the latter, 2,000 had been brought by
land from California, just before the arrival of the
exploring squadron.
The retainers {employees) of ,the company have
numerous tarms on the Wallamet, south of the
Columbia. He had seen the contracts under which
these lands are granted. _ They are to the effect
which we have before recited.
He speaks very favorably of the Americanswhom
he found settled there. They cannot embark in
commerce, lor thepowerful monopoly of the com-
pany would always crush them. They say,
however, that, personally, it treats them very hon-
orably.
The soil, climate, and productions are such as
will, at no distant day, give the country the same
commercial importance on the Pacific, as we hold
on the Atlantic. For grain or lumber, it is nearly
equal, if not quite, to the United States. These
command readymarkets on the Mexican and South
American coast, and in ihe many islands. The
salmon-fehery of the Columbia can, he thinks, in a
few years, be rendered as valuable as the fisheries
on our Eastern coast. In this, he is supported by a
united stream of testimony.
The country (he says) only wants the protection
of our laws, to render it a desirable home lor our
hardy countrymen of the interior.]
Mr. Linn continued. In addition to the agri-
cultural wealth which would be rapidly created in
this fine region, the noble timber wdnch it affords,
its fisheries, and ils general advantages of com-
mercial position, its value as a resot t lor our ma-
rine in that distant sea, where we have such great
inteicsts afloat, should not be forgotten. Of these
last, under the late events in China—certain as they
are to bring about the most important commercial
changes—it behooves us to be careful, m common
with the other great tradingnations. That France
is already on the alert, we see in her late seizure of
the Marquesas.
As to the question of expense, the Senator from
South Carolina may have already seen that only
half the sum he yesterday supposed—$100,000, not
$200,000—is proposed to be employed. Whether
or not the country is worth that sum, may, in ad-
dition to all other testimony, be judged from the re-
port of your recent exploring expedition; ol which
(costly as it was) one.of the most definite objects
was minutely to ascertain the condition, value, re-
sources, and capacities ol the territory. Mr. Wilkes
speaks in the most enthusiastic terms of all its
elements of wealth and greatness.
The Senator from South Carolina yesterday
asked, "What do we want with this territory"?" To
me, sir, it seems answer enough to say, that your
just rights grossly neglected, commercial interests
of great magnitude, and the wishes of your people,
demand its occupation. They have pressed upon
you petitions of two or three thousand persons at
a time, anxious to migrate thither if assured that
you will maintain your title. Nothing but distrust
'of your tardiness and timidity withholds them. I
myself, while urging the measure—always, how-
ever, with that moderation of which I have, for my
own justification, been forced to speak have al-
ways felt that nothing but reiterated discussion
would ever prepare minds here for action, until it be*
came, "perho,ps, almost too late. At that last stage of
procrastination I look upon oursel ves as now arrived.
Our foreign relations—and especially such as can
be artfully spun out—are little likely ever to be, in
the lapse of many years, in a situation that will
better allow us to proceed. Yet, gentlemen still
answer me, as of old, "Wait! wait! They still,
after twenty-two years of postponement, find the
moment inauspicious, the movement precipitate.
As ever, there is "a lion inthe path." When were
ever such dilatory proceedings safe against a pow-
erful, an active, a politic adversary, rapid to grasp,
and slow only to relinquish'? If we are ever to as-
sert our rights, it must be most speedily, before
thev lapse into the hands of others, from long undis-
puted possession. For, mark, that be your reserves
of treaties what they may, England has long en-
joyed, and is every day completing anu guarding,
her exclusive possessions. , .
I have no personal interest in this measure
—no motive but such as I have in common, wit" ,a"
who are jealous of the rights and careful
terests of our country. Political capital, it affords
, none; and if it did, I am no political capitalist,
