154
APPENDIX TO THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK.
Jan. 1845.
27th Cong*""3d Sess.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Linn.
Senate.
Whether it can carry any advantage or disadvan-
tage to this or that section, I have not considered,
and I shall not consider. Not even reputation do I
expect or desire i'rom my efforts, except the legiti-
mate one of having faithfully discharged my duty
to such a question, whether as a Senator or a citi-
zen.
As to this easy and most culpable policy of eter-
nal delays, however, have you not already by it
quadrupled your difficulties and your eventual
losses'? Had you at once, on recovering possession
of Astoria in 1818, built military posts and provi-
ded for settlers, you never would have beard of
the British pretensions since started. The same
Oof indecision gave you the difficulties of your
eastern question and the disadvantages of its
late adjustment. Sir, the country of an offensive
policy (like England) always gams, and that of a
defensive one (like ourselves) al ways loses, by these
delays.
But the Senator from South Carolina says this
is the first instance of a proposition, under this
Government, to found a colony at the public charge.
No; but we bought them ready made to our hands—
and splendid acquisitions they were; and, strange
to say, as powerful arguments, and as strong lan-
guage, were used against the purchase of Loui-
siana, as are now used against the occupation of
Oregon.
Now, in the first place, no such idea has been
put forward as founding a colony at the public ex-
pense. No boon is asked, but a very limited one
of lands, to be redeemed from the wilderness; and
such a gilt has, with all the nations of the globe,
been a common feature in the first planting of re-
mote settlements. Except this, and the protection
of your laws, nothing is claimed. To such a
method you owe it that you are the owners of this
broad Union. Of Oregon, you can never other-
wise take possession; and the only fault is, that you
have been so tardy to put it m piactice. Had you,
before the time of Commodore Porter, secured
your foothold there, by fortifying a port on the
Columbia, you might have saved millions in prop-
erty and commercial advantages, now forever lost
and forfeited. Twenty millions of dollars, invest-
ed by your citizens in the whale fisheries alone of
these seas, yet admonish you that you have not a
moment to lose in securing there the shelter of a
commodious harbor. All these thing*—the rela-
tions you are establishing with the Sandwich
group—the long and rich coast-trade of the Paci-
fic—the honor and the rights ol the country—call
upon you to pass this bill."
For such objects, you arc startled at an appro-
priation of $100,000. Mean time, lor an extorted
provision of your late treaty, (Biitam telling you
that if you did not carry out your laws for repress-
ing the slave-trade, she would do it lor you,) you
gladly pay an annual S(500,000, with hymns of
praise to the great negotiator whose transcendent
abilities brought about such an arrangement,
So much for the enormous cost of this novel
colonization; and now as toils novelty. Sir, have
we never before colonized? Have you not, at an
expense of millions, removed the Indians from
your settled States, and colonized them beyond your
border} I do not complain of that measure nay,
I rejoice at it, as one full of humanity; but I have
often had occasion to point out to you the duties
which it impo es upon you ot guarding the ex-
posed parts of Missouu, Arkansas, and other
portions of your Western frontier from the
clangers of that Indian population; to keep
which in check, many of the provisions of this
bill are indispensable.
Certainly there are interests, deemed paramount
in some parts of this Union, which gentlemen may
conceive as likely to be affected by this bill. I
know not whether the growth of this new colony
(ifyou choose to call it such) is to give a future pre-
ponderance to the free States, or not. I look to the
territory only as the common home of citizens
from every part of the Union. When numerous
enough to form a distinct sovereignty, it will be
tor them to choose whether they will obey, or not,
the great law of consanguinity and of similar
freedom which no strongly impels towards each
other even the fragments of our peculiar race.
By that sort of yearning, we see Texas seeking
to reunite herself to us, in spite of distance and
dispersion. So much, indeed, do the facilities for
intercourse and concentration outgo the causes of
separation and dispersion, that if Texas were
a free State instead of a slave State, I do not
know if I should, on the other score, repel her
wish to become a member of this Union.
The Senator Irons South Carolina thinks that
only compression within narrow limits can give a
high state of civilization. This is true, or falsp, ac-
cording to the idea which is to be affixed to the
term civilization. Is it formed by the loftiest in-
tellectual results among a certain class 1 or is it
the purest moral culture of all classes'! Christ-
ianity, aided only by ordinary intelligence, has
done more to humanize and to elevate mankind,
than all the intellectual glories of Paganism could
ever for a moment effect. That Christianity does
not shut itself up in narrow bounds, or nurture a
national selfishness. Broad, diffusive, and full of
all the charities of man to man, its principle is
universal brotherhood. The spirit of the age itself
forbids the shutting up within narrow limits the
blessings which our institutions are so fit to diffuse
-blessings which the active and expansive spirit
of the Anglo-Saxon race seems fitted and destined
to spread over the whole earth. I care not for
that high civilization whose standard is wealth or
power; or that other, which erects upon partial laws
the superiority of the lew. I am not a lover of
the civilization which takes for one of its mam
instruments great corporate associations—contriv-
ances for enabling one set of men to lord it over
another. None of these is the high civilization
which I desire for this country; but the moral cul-
ture, the general intelligence, the careful domestic
education and discipline, the Christian brother-
hood of a whole happy and viituous nation. When
we give scope and encouragement to this virtuous
social activity, We Dest perform our legislative
part as to the work ol civilization,
To talk of the Rocky Mountains as an impassa-
ble barrier, is, sir, but to speak as folks did of the
Alleghany fifty years ago. Distance is almost an-
nthilaied by the existing stale of things; and, vastly
as our limits have been extended, they have, in
point of time and difficulty, contracted almost as
lhueh, since the foimationof oui Government; so
that the attendance here of delegates from beyond
the Rocky Mountains really involves nothing ab-
surd, or even improbable.
[Mr. L. here laid before the Senate a copy of the
contract usually passed between the Hudson Bay
Coinpa, y and its employees, or servants. He refer-
red to it "as conclusive proof of permanent settle-
muni , if not of permanent land grants, and of the
firm leliance winch the company has in the pledges
ot the British Government, j
He went on to argue that the proposition of the
British ministers to Mr. Gallatin m ltf2ti-'-27, was a
palpable admission of our nshls, and rendered de-
cisive by the attendant circumstances. They then
proposed to insert, in the renewed convention then
under negotiation, provisions that neither pow-
er should assume or exercise any right of sov-
ereignty or dominion over any part of the country
for fifteen years; and that no settlement then exist-
ing, or which might thereafter be formed, should
ever be adduced by either party in support of any
claim of sovereignty or dominion. This proposi-
tion was referred, by oui negotiator, to Ihe Presi-
dent, (Mr. Adam',) and rejected, on Hie ground
that it would preclude our exercising our rights of
dominion and sovereignty. The pioposition, on
their part, is more than a tacit admission, and its
rejection by us, upon such grounds, an assertion of
our right to exercise the sovereignly, while their
silence as to that reason forms a fresh assent to it.
In no part ot the negotiations is there a wold to
prove that, on either part, a doubt was entertained
of our right to plant military posts. Great Britain,
indeed, clearly, though indirectly, admits it. For
Mr. Galialm says, in his letter to Mr, Clay, dated
at London, 7th August, 1827, that " there was no
intention on the part of Great Britain to colonize
the country, or to impede the progress of our settle-
ments. But Great Britain owed proUclion to her
subjects m that quarter, and could not admit that
they should, so long as the permanent boundary
was not settled, be liable to a foreign jurisdiction.
Nor would her interest, or a due regard to national
character, permit her to acquiesce in an exclusive
military occupation of the country, on the part of
the United States."
The utmost objection, then, which can be inferred
to the bill, is the possibility that Great Britain, by a
future adjustment, may prove entitled to territory
within which may lie lands assigned , to our citi-
zens under these prospective grants. But it has been
already abundantly proved that Great Britain does
this through her Hudson Bay Company. They,
in their contracts, grant the soil—a sovereign act
to which they themselves are not competent, and
which, therefore, supposes the delegation and con-
sent of their Government—a Government certainly
not unaware of what they are doing in this behoof,
and notoriously promising them its support in what-
ever interests or settlements may grow up there.
In everything, Britain interprets the convention
for herself. She has told you what she would not
and what she would permit you to do. She says
you must not set up a distinct State or Territorial
Government there; but that you may do as she has
done—extend to that territory the laws of one of
your other Territories or States. Well, that is all
that this bill proposes. Never before was the treaty
interpreted as tying up our hands from the exer-
cise of our sovereignty; that construction is now
thrust upon us for the first time, by the fear of
making an issue with Great Britain. An issue
with Britain! Methinks, sir, there is small need
of furnishing issues to a power so capable of erect-
ing pretensions out of anything; and little policy
in starling claims for her, to whose claims you
always succumb. Seizing upon your Northwest
coast, during the last war, she has ever since kept
you out of it, from year to year, until she is now
able, by the control which she has established over
the Indians, to take possession of your rivers and
baibors, and virtually exclude you from the trade
of your own shores.
Senators have enlarged upon the pacific, and
even the fraternal feelings which Great Britain
manifested towards us in the late treaty. I am
sorry to say that I can discover, in that adjustment,
nothing to indicate any desire of peace, except upon
condition of our yielding her everything that was
m contest. You gave her all she wanted; and now
you are in raptures of amazement at her modera-
tion and humanity in not going to war! For her
violations of your territory and vessels, you took
an apology which she did not design to offer as
such. Of the anomalous McLeod case, she com-
plained loudly, calling lustily upon you to take it
out of the hands of the State authorities. You com-
plied as far as you could, and apologized for all that
you could not; taking care, meantime, not to
irritate her by too much mention of your own
greater wrong—that of the Caroline and the death
of Durlee. She has openly told you to carry out
your own laws for the suppression of the slave-trade,
or she would do it for you; she has plainly told you
that if you 'did not enforce your laws for the pres 
ervation of neutrality on the Canadian borders,
she would do it for you; and you have meekly
submitted, promising at once to keep up, on the
African coast, a force of eighty guns. She com-
plains, and you make amends; she claims, and you
yield; she requires, and you comply. And lo! you
are delighted and amazed at her wonderfully pa-
cific temper I War, sir! Why, what excuse
could she have for talking of it, when, to stop her
mouth, you have given her all she demanded; and
when, to gratify her, you incur an expenditure of
three millions in five years; while we a re told that,
for this important bill, the treasury cannot burden
itself with a single outlay of $100,000.
I shoul 1 deplore a war, however necessary;
but, deploring it, I should none the more shrink
from it, if the rights, the interests, or the honor of
my country demanded it. When any of these
were decisively at stake, not even before the formi-
dable power of Great Britain would I hesitate for
a moment.
But, Mr. President, I do not anticipate any such
result from the passage of the bill. Its probable ef-
fects will be to bring the two Governments to see the
necessity of promptly and definitively settling this
long-discussed and long-agitated subject, before
British and American interests in the Territory of
Oregon become so commingled, yet so variant,
as to close the door to any other method of adjust-
ment, but a resort lo arras.
A bill to authorize the adoption of measures for
the occupation and settlement of the Territory
of Oregon, for extending certain portions of the
laws of the United States over the same, and for
other purposes.
Be it enacted hi the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the President of the United
States is hereby authorized and required to cause to
be erected, at suitable places and distances, a line of
