166
APPENDIX TO TOE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 1MB.
27TH Go 0"*-3i)
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
New York give him an estimate of the commerce
which floated on its waters.
Mr. Barnard said he was ready to inform the
. gentleman; but he should be glad first to know
what were the gentleman's own notions as to the
probable amount about which he inquired. From
the tone of the gentleman's remarks, he should sup-
pose he thought there was no commerce on the
Hudson at all.
Mr. Wfxler replied that he had said nothing to
authorize such a supposition. All he had said was,
that there was some commerce in this country oth-
er than that which passed over the Hudson—a fact
which, from the lenor of their remarks, they seem-
ed to doubt. He had travelled upon the Hudson,
and knew that the business on that river was exten-
sive; but at the same time he was unwilling (hat it
should be sM; down as equal to the commerce of the
Ohio and Mississippi.
Mr. Barnard slated that the value of the com-
merce yearly floating on the Hudson was' about
$60,000,000.
Mr. Welles. And did the gentleman actually
suppose that the entire commerce of the Ohio and
Mississippi rivers only amounted to $(>0,000,0007
Why, sir, at least that amount descends the Missis-
sippi and enters the single port of New Orleans ev-
ery year. Take the amount which enters that port;
to this add the value ol the cargoes ascending,and
the coast trade, and you will have more than -one
hundred and twenty millions as the value of the
commerce floating on the Mississippi every year.
If you estimate the trade between the towns on the
other rivers, and the value of the goods shipped at
Pittsburg and Wheeling, for the West and South-
west, you will have, as the gross amount of the
commerce on the Mississippi and its tributaries, at
least two hundred and thirty millions.
Mr. Barnard asked what proportion of this was
on the Ohio'!
Mr. Welles said he was not now preparc-d to
answer that question, but could give him the infor-
mation after he closed his remarks.
Mr. Triplett said that it was about seventy-one
millions.
Mr. Weller resumed. The Ohio is navigable
from Pittsburg to the mouth—a distance of 1,000
miles; the Mississippi, from the falls of St. An-
thony to the ocean—a distance of 2,000 miles. The
whole number of steamboats which plied upon the
Western rivers in 1842 is set down at 450— worth
$>7,200,000. These boats, in consequence of the
difficulties in the navigation, and other causes,
must be replaced every live years, as few of them
will endure service for a longer period. In addi-
tion to this, 4,000 flat-boats, worth $420,000, descend
the Mississippi every year; and as they do not, of
course, return, this is an annual expenditure. An
intelligent committee at Cincinnati—Ironi whose
report I have (said Mr. W ) gathered many of my
facts—estimate the number ot persons employed in
the navigation of these rivers at 40,000. "Here,
then, you have this vast amount of property, and
the lives of these 40,000 men, besides the thousands
of passengers, with their property, who are daily
ascending and descending these rivers, placed in
such imminent peril by your refusal to remove
these obstructions. Some small appropiiation had
been made in former yeais, and the most beneficial
results had been piodneed. Between the yeais
1822 and 1827, (5 years,) the value of the boats, in-
cluding cargoes, lost by snags alone, which could
have been easily iemoved,is estimated at <51,302,500.
Prom 18"27 to 1832, (five yeais,) owing to tlie ap-
propriations made by Congress to remove these ob-
stacles, we find that the losses are reduced to
$331,000; and this, notwithstanding the number of
boats had, in the meanwhile, largely increased.
Had those efforts been followed up vigorously, the
navigation of these rivers would now be compara-
tively' safe; but they have been neglected, and a
frightful loss of life and property had been the con-
sequence. During the seventeen months preceding
last December, seventy /too steamboats, worth, apart
from their cargoes,® 1,200,000, had been destroyed:
at least sixty-fi"e of this number had been lost upon
the snags and bars which a small expendituie
could have removed. A statement was laid on our
tables this morning, showing the value of the prop-
erty Jo5ton each one of these livers, in 1840, 1S41,
and 18-12, from which it will be seen that the gross
amount of property lost m those three years was
$2,532,078. He regretted that it was not in his
power to show the vast number of lives lost with-
in that period.
Besides the obstructions already alluded to, there
are some of a legislative character deeply affecting
our interests. We are compelled to pay enormous
tolls to the Louisville Canal Company, in -which
the General Government has invested $290,200.
That company has for some years past been dividing
18 per cent, (the maximum allowed by law) amongst
its stockholders, and the General Government has
already received a considerable sum over and
above the amount paid for its stock. A steam-
boat worth $25,000, of 300 tons burden, must pay
S180 every time it passes up or down the Ohio;
and this is, o'f course, a tax upon our commerce,
in part for the benefit of the Federal Government.
The Government should, in his opinion, purchase
the whole amount of the stock, and make the nav-
igation of the river entirely fiee; or else take the
necessary steps to reduce the lolls to a reasonable
amount. We are also compelled, in consequence
of the dangers in the navigation of these rivers, to
pay a further tax of from 12 to 16 per cent, to ef-
fect an insurance upon our boats.
With these Jacts before the House, he called
upon gentlemen to say whether the public interest
did not demand that this appropriation should pass"?
Will gentlemen, whose duty it is to look to the in-
terests of the whole country, and so legislate as to
advance it, refuse to give us ©150,000 to a work,
the magnitude of which has been so fully estab
lished'! Will they suffer our property to be lost,
our commerce ruined, and the lives of our people
destroyed, for the want of a few dollars from the
national treasury to remove the snags and bars in
these waters'? He appealed to the generosity—to
the magnanimitj—-to the justice of gentlemen, in
behalf of this appropriation. If they turn a deaf
ear upon all our entreaties now, let me tell them
(said Mr. W.) the day is not far distant when the
West will have its proper weight and influence in
the national councils. In the next Congress, its
relative strength will be much increased; and we,
who have always been amongst the first to arm in
defence of the country—we, who have patiently
borne more than our share of the taxes of the Gov-
ernment, will do to ourselves that justice which
you have denied us. Ho had no idea he would be
'in the next Congress himself; but he trusted he
would be succeeded by some one as devo:edly at-
tached to Ohio as he was, and who would be able
to do more than he bad done to advance her in-
terests. The great West, in her rapid career, must
ere long control the destinies of the republic, and
her interests could not much longer be overlooked.
SPEECH OF MR. G. DAVIS,
OF KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives, Janimry 19, 1843—
Against the motion to reconsider the vo'e by
which the bill to repeal the bankrupt act passed
the House of Representatives.
Mr, Speaker: I voted for the repeal of the bank-
rupt law, and I shall vote against the reconsidera-
tion of the act of repeal tha t has passed this House.
In thi  course, my justification is, that I represent
the deliberate will of my constituents. I conceive
that it is not the duty of the Representative to hear-
ken to mere popular ebullition—and, indeed, where
he has important information, not possessed by
those whom he represents, he may often be under
the highest obligations to act contrary to their opin-
ions; but upon measures which they have had time
and opportunity to examine, and have come to a con-
siderate judgment upon, it would be infidelity on
his part notto submit himself to their will. The
bankrupt law has been scanned by my constituents,
with all the lights afforded by repeated and elabo-
rate discussions in Congi ess and in the newspapers;
they, by a large majority, condemn it unequivo-
cally; and my relation of Representative to them
requires my conformity.
This debate, though, has wandered from the par-
ticular subject under consideration, and has as-
sumed a general political character, which I
neither condemn nor regret, as I believe it will be
beneficial to the country. There is always time
enough for proper legislation; indeed, one of the
besetting vices of our system is too much legisla-
iion. In my opinion, if one-half of every session
was employed in revising ill-digested legislation,
exposing and correcting the perversion and non-
execution, of the laws, scrutinizing administrative
abuses and delinquency, and holding in check the
inherent and ever active tendency ot the Executive
to absorb all the powers of the Government, it
would be well appropriated. This cannot be done
without the existence of conflicting parties; and I
rejoice that such do, as they ever will, exist in otir
country, whilst it preserves the form and the spirit
of freedom. But I utterly reject the definition-of
party, as given by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Cbshing,] from this view. He tells
us that party is "an association of men seeking to
get into power." This is pithy and comprehen-'
sive, and accurately defines the clique to which he
now belongs. It is faction, profligate faction. Par-
ties are formed upon a difference of opinion in re-
lation to legislative or administrative measures;
they now divide, and they have always divided,
the American people; and where they are charac-
terized by moderation, love of country and of truth,
they constitute the good genius of popular liberty.
I admit that they are too often degraded, by com-
mingling the objects and spirit of faction m their
operations; and yet it is a source of abiding gratifi-
cation to me, that if the Whig party now held the
power of this Government, it would be continually
subject to the scrutiny and assaults of a strong and
talented opposition. Irresponsible power is the great-
est of corrupting influences upon men; and I hope
never to see its existence in our system. Ani-
mated by this spirit, I propose "to enter into this
discussion, and to make some strictures upon the
existing Administration, and upon those who sup-
port it.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Cash-
ing] commenced his speech this morning by as-
suming a most extraordinary and unwarrantable
position. He deliberately said to this House, that,
at the extra session of Congress, an only alterna-
tive was presented to gentlemen—"either the sup-
port of the constitutional Administration of the
Government, under the lead of the President,
or of a factious anarchy, under the lead of an
ex-Senator from Kentucky," [Mr. Clay.] I
would ask the gentleman if the principles of that
Senator had not been distinctly and repeatedly un-
folded in measures which lie, with characteristic
frankness, had urged both upon Congress and upon
the country, almost times without numher, during
the last twenty years'! and whether the gentleman
himself had not given a long, oft-renewed, and un-
qualified adhesion to those measures'! Did that
distinguished individual put forth any new prin-
ciples, or originate any new measures! ■ He only
proposed and advocated those measures which
formed the distinctive policy of the Whig party,
and which involved the great principles that con-
stitute the peculiar canons of its political faith.
But the gentleman tells us measures are not prin-
ciples. If his meaning be, that the seven principles
are his, and that measures are not his principles, I
agree with him; but it is not so with true Whigs.
All the measures which we support involve im-
portant principles; and we measure the value of
public men by the ability and fidelity with which
they maintain them.
But let us look something further into this
charge of factious anarchy, which the gentleman
charges Mr. Clay and the Whigs to have produced
in the Government at the extra session. He has
reiterated this allegation frequently, and in va-
rious forms. Ill a former speech on this subject, he
says: "We have seen the Whig party hurl itself, in
the madness of desperation, against the fixed and
immovable Government and Constitution; and that
party had been dashed to pieces at its feet." Again:
"If you will not co-operate with the President in
carrying on the Government, which is your high-
est duty, he must seek the aid of your adversaries."
The gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Kennedy] fol-
lows in a speech, and takes to himself and his as-
sociates (the Democrats) great credit for support-
ing the administration of John Tyler, whom he
pronounces to be an honest old soul. This patriotic
pretension has often been made by that party and
its prints; but how arrogantly and falsely, will be
seen.
During the last Congress, the Democrats had the
majority in both Houses; and yet they not only re-
fused to make appropriations to pay debts to a large
amount, which they themselves had contracted and
left unpaid, but ihey wilfully neglected to appro-
priate money necessary for the current public ser-
vice, and even to provide the ways and means to
raise the sums which they did vote. The presi-
dential election was impending, and their purpose
was to produce a seeming, but illusive, retrench-
ment. The consequence would have been, but
for the extra session, and the additional revenues
