T
380,1848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GHLOBB*
1ST
27ra Co*a. •• 3d Suss.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
tijeo raised, by Whig measures, that there would
hays been a deficit in the treasury, at the end of
the.current year, of about five millions of dollars,
of-the disbursements for all objects (amounting to
nearly a full quarter) must have ceased. Such
was the condition of afi'airs produced by the legisla-
tion of the Democratic party, when John Tyler
took possession of the executive chair. In view of
it, and of the disordered state of the currency and
General monetary concerns of the country, Presi-
ent Harrison had called an extraordinary session
of€ongress. There were passed, during that ses-
sion,acts for the following objects: Appropriating
between twenty-three and twenty-four thousand dol-
lars to Mrs. Harrison; repealing the sub-treasury;
distributing the. proceeds of the public lands; estab-
lishing a uniform system of bankruptcy: to pay
arrears and make further appropriations lor carry-
iDgfdttthe Florida war; to continue operations on
certain fortifications; to pay the debts of the Gene-
ral "Post Office; to restore the naval pension fund;
to-borrow twelve millions of dollars; to lay impost
duties on free articles of importation; and two bills
to-establish a bank, or fiscal agent. Ot these twelve
distinct measures, the President recomnwnded and
sustained, the fust ten; they were administrative
measures, as was also the second bank bill—for
Mr* Tyler made Messrs. Webster and Ewing (his
Secretaries of State and the Treasury) special am-
bassadors to the Whigs of Congress, to tender to
th.em that project. He reviewed the state of the
treasury in his first message in June, and assumed
that, as early as the 1st September ensuing, there
would be a deficit of upwards of four millions of
dollars. These measures were necessary, then, to
replenish an exhausted treasury, to redeem the
Government from the opprobrium of defalcation in
the, payment of its honest debts, and to enable the
President to conduct the ordinary public service,
involving the military deftnces of the country.
Mr. Clay and the Whigs supported them, and car-
ried them triumphantly through Congress; and yet
thegentlemanfrom Massachusetts, the peculiar and
the ablest friend of the President on this floor, has
the; assurance to proclaim, in debate, that the only
alternative which was offered to gentlemen at the
extra session, was "either the support of the consti-
tutional administration of the Government, under
the President, or of a factious anarchy, under the
lead of an ex-Senator from Kentucky." The gentle-
manfrom Indiana and his associates (the Democrats)
perseveringly opposed in debate and voted against,
each and all those measures; and they, with a mod-
esty equal to that of their coadjutor of Massachu-
setts, are continually rebuking the Whigs for their
factious opposition to John Tyler, and vociferating
that they are the honest and fair supporters of his
administration.
The case may yet be presented stronger for the
Whigs. At the last session of Congress, there were
passed for the support of the Government, and
especially to enable the President to administer his
department, the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill; the military appropriation bill; the Indian ap-
propriation bill; tfie naval appropriation bill; the
fortification bill; the loan bill; the bill to raise addi-
tional revenue by increased impost duties; the rem-
edial justice bill; and the treasury-note bill. The
most of these bills were to supply the very fuel and
oil which was necessary to keep the machine of
Government m motion; and three of them were ab-
solutely required to repiemsh a heavy deficit in the
treasury, which still existed. Mr, Clay sustained
such of these measures as had been introduced be-
fore he resigned his seat in the Senate. The Whigs
advocated all of them in argument, and passed
them by their votes. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kennedy] voted against all, as did his politi-
cal friends, except a small number who went for
the treasury-note bill, because it was of the category
of their system of policy. The gentleman from
Massachusetts was the supporter of the whole of
these measures; influenced, no doubt, as much by
his loyalty to the administration of John Tyler, as
his love of country. The only difference between
him and the Whigs, was, that he changed his former
position upon the question of the disposition of the
proceeds of the public lands, and warmly espoused
the President's cherished notion of restoring them
to the treasury. It is ti ue, the gentleman endeavor-
ed to fortify the new ground which he had assumed
with some nonsensical jargon—that the lands were
indispensable as security for the loan which Con-
gress had authorized; and the public credit^ could
not and. would not be reinstated, so as to induce
capitalists to purchase this stock, until the law dis-
tributing the proceeds of the lands should be re-
pealed or suspended. This was done; but still the
public credit continued as inanimate as before.
Moneyed men cea.'ed not to distrust our means and
our faith, to contemn the loan, and to despise the
feebleness and hesitancy of the Government. The
tariffbill—so coldly approved by the President—
will eventually revive public credit. The treasury
project of a charter of a United Slates Bank, which
received the sanction of the President and his cabi-
net, was opposed in one of its features by the
Whigs, bat totally by the Democrats. The main
distinctive measure of the Administration (the ex-
chequer) is opposed by both parties. Does not this
review demonstrate that the atrocious charge made
by the gentleman fiom Massachusetts against the
Whig' party and its great leader is wholly calum-
nious, and without foundation? Does it not expose
the bold impudence of the Democrats, m their as-
sumption that the Whigs deny to John Tyler the
means of administering the Government, and they
are the honest and patriotic supporters of his ad-
ministration'? It is by this game of bold, ambidex-
trous, and reckless assumption, that the Democrats
have seized and held on to the power which has
ruled this nation for the last fourteen years. Their
new ally [Mr. Ccsminu] has gloated upon its suc-
cess; and, in combination with them, has attempted
again to play it off, and with a good deal of suc-
cess, upon an abused people; but the illusion is fast
passing away.
There were two other positions in the speech of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.Kennedy,] which
strongly arrested my attention. He worried his
friends that if they passed their sub-treasury in the
next Congress, John Tyler would veto it. He ad-
vised them against such a course, and avowed that
he would never vote for any measure which was
threatened with a veto. He justified the removals
from office by the Administration lor difference of
opinion, and declared that it would be right and
proper for John Tyler to remove all men from
office who weie not his supporters, and fill their
places with his friends. The gentleman tells us
that he is a Huosier; but it cannot be that, in giving
utterance to these opinions, he correctly represents
the wild and free spirits which roam the ocean
prairies and primeval forests of Indiana. The
young and sturdy Freedom of the great West, un-
fettered as the wave of the Father id Waters, re-
cognizes no such slavish sentiments. It would
rather proclaim, in tones of thunder, that no Presi-
dent is the great feudatory of this nation, with
50,000 places as his fiefs, to be granted to his slaves
and vassals, and to be reclaimed by his own lordly
will; that the Presidency it-elf, and all other offices,
are only toleiatedbecause they arc necessary to the
social system; and that the greatest good lo the peo-
ple is the only consideration which should guide in
appointments and removals, ft would thus expos-
tulate with this Representative: You are to sup-
port measures as they are wise, and good, and ne-
cessary; and you are not to desert them, or to falter
in your duty, because any President brandishes the
veto at therii. You are a portion of the legislative
power of this Union. You are swoin to support
the Consiituuon, which separates the law-making
from the executive power; and the principle of
action which you avow, leads to the assumption of
all legislative power by the President, and the cer-
tain subversion of our whole system. The natural
and ever-acting tendency of a single executive in
free governments is to absorb all political power;
and, instead of making such an extensive surrender,
it is your duly to dispute every act of aggression
upon your department, I have the kindest feel-
ings for the gentleman from Indiana, He has an
excellent natural mind, and strong common sense;
but he is giving melancholy evidence of the prog-
ress and of the fatal fruits of the spoils principle,
and the abuse of the veto power in the administra-
tion of the Government. The adjustment of the
veto power is proved, by experience, to be one of
the greatest defects in our system. A proposition
to the convention which formed the Constitution to
make this power absolute, would probably not have
received a single vote; and yet, in its present form,
it is practically absolute. So controlling is the in-
fluence which this power itself—the power of
appointment and lemoval to fifty thousand offices,
and other great powers—confers upon the Presi-
dent, that it has never been, and all conctir rhat it
never will be, overruled by the constitutional mi-
jority of two-thirds of both Houses. When prac-
tice proves it to be unqualified in its operation, and
it is conceded that those who made the Constitution
did not intend, and could not have been induced, to
give it that form, the case for its modification is
made out-—unless it is an important conservative
principle in our Government. Such has been ar-
gued to be its character, among other reasons, be-
cause it is vested m the President; and that this of-
fice is the moft democratic feature of the Govern-
ment, inasmuch as he is elected by all the people of
the "United States. This view is specious, but alto-
gether unsound. Judges are elected in some of the
States by the people of their districts; yet they do
not represent democracy, nor act democratically—
nor would tney, if they were elected by the whole
people of the State. Some of the worst tyrants
that have ever lived have been elected by the peo-
ple of the country which they afterwards op-
pressed. Whether an office partakes more of a
despotic or a democratic east, whether the incum-
bent is more apt to act from his own will or the
popular will, depends rather upon the extent of the
powers, and the manner in which they are exercised
by him, than the nature of the authority which,
places him in office. The President is elected for
four years. He is located for his term in this city,
for the daily discharge of his duties. Without the
grossest abuse and corruption m office, he can be
held to no legal or constitutional responsibility. Ha
is totally exempt from that moral responsibility
which results from daily association with those
who trusted him with power. He has no personal
knowledge of their condition, their interests, their
wants, or their wills, because he is necessarily sep-
arated from them; and, if this was not the case,
they are immensely too numerous for him to ac-
quire this knowledge. In most of his official acts,
he has no law but his own discretion—his own ab-
solute and irreversible will. Those whom he gen-
etally sees are officers dependent upon his pleas-
ure and caprice for their continuance in place, or
to fill offices lor which they are making to him
humble suit; and it is their interest and practice to
flatter him, and to tell him his will, whatever it
may be, is the popular will. Power and parasites
are certain to corrupt him, in a greater or less de-
gree; and he becomes suspicious of, and inimical
tn, all and everything which may thwart his pur-
poses. Selfish, sinister, and adroit men pour false-
hood and flattery into his ear; kindle ambition,
revenge, and evil passions in his heart; and per-
vert 10 wicked and mischievous purposes his au-
thority: and he eannotbe relied upon as represent-
ing and reflecting correctly the great public opin-
ion of the nation. The design was, when this
power acted, that it should soar above the reign of
faction; but it has proved to be a dangerous aux-
iliary of it. The President is generally the head
of a partv; and, when he is in unison with his
friends, it adds vastly to their strength and effi-
ciency: when they revolt against his dictation, or,
from motives of patiioiism, pass wholesome meas-
ures to which he is opposed, (and this has some-
times happened,) he can sir angle them with the
veto. When the people rise up against the Pres-
ident and the parly dominant in Congress, and
send a majorily for a different course of policy,
he thwarts and defeats their will by the one-man
power. It is alien and unfriendly lo our institu-
tions: it 0u!*ht to be modified; for it is aiding
greatly in their gradual but certain subversion.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Citsh-
ing] denominates (as he often does) the President
lo be the Government, and represents the ma-
jority ot the piesent Congress as "dashing itself
to atoms at its feet.'' My understanding is, that
our Government is the organized political power
which rules these United States. Louis XIV.
said he was the state; and I have seen John Ty-
ler compared in the court journal to the Grand,
Rlonorqve: but, when Washington, and Hamilton,
and Madison, and Jav, were forming the most
complicated system of Government that has ever
existed, and were separating its powers into three
co-ordinate branches, and constituting the Presi-
dent the mere head of a subordinate one, I imagine
that they had no design that anv President—and
especially such a one as John Tyler—should be
the living, active, operating impersonation of the
Government of the United States. No, no; that is
rather strong1 even for court sycophancy! But,
throughout his speech, whenever the gentleman
refers to the President, he speaks of him as "the
Government." I will' read a paragraph or twg
from the gentlfeman's speech:
