APPENDIX TO THE eoNOKmSSIOffAL 8L0BBK
Jan. IM&
2,7th CoNe«-«*3D Sess.
The Bankrupt Law—Mr. G. Davis.
H. of Reps.
apostaey, is but following, and at humble distance,
the lead of a grealer man—Daniel Webster. I
have no unfounded prejudices against the Secretary
Of State: I once admired him as much as his most
devoted friends do. 1 still regard him as a man of
stupendous mind—an intellectual Titan—and, in
some departments of mental operations, equal, prob-
ably, to the greatest of ancients or moderns. But
the closet, and not the great, living, active, execu-
tive theatre of the world, is his appropriate field.
He has nothing of -what is commonly called genius,
and is defective in invention; his superiority results
from great and general intellectual power. His
mind is a vast crucible, into which the world's in-
tellectual wealth may be heaved; and he can ana-
lyze it all, and reproduce it in forms of new and
magnificent utility. In his senatorial career, he
has won ior himself a civic crown more imperish-
able than all the bloody laurels of the mightiest
conquerors. Ilis speeches upon banks, the cur-
rency, and the public revenues, form a solid and
regularly built structure, as enduring as the pyra-
mids. In all the powers of logic, argumentation,
and composition, he has no superior; and his
speeches—parliamentary and forensic—are among
the noblest monuments "of the intellect of the pres-
ent day; and will be regarded as models when cen-
turies upon centuries have rolled away. He ought
to have belonged to his country, to the age, and to
mankind, and to have shown one of the mightiest
and brightest spirits; but he wants one-half of such
a man—moral sense. "How are the mighty fallen !"
He is, indeed, a political Lucifer; and he, too, is
great even m his ruin ! I once preferred him to all
men but one for the Presidency; and if, by the con-
tinuance of his services, and fidelity to our cause—
to those immortal truths and principles to which
he so long devoted himself—he should have won
the first place in the confidence of his countiymen,
I, and the friends of him whom he will quarrel
with as his rival, would have cheerfully acqui-
esced.
A. sub-treasury, a Government paper currency,
or a Government bank, cannot be presented in any
possible form, that either, or all, are not met and
overthrown by Mr. Webster's luminous and unan-
swerable arguments. Since his connexion with
John Tyler—since the lion has been serving the
jackall—he has concocted the exchequer, which is
a union of two to produce the third; and it has no
provision, no faculty, no principle, which canno1 be
annihilated by a hundred passages from his
speeches. He has said more for a bank of the Uni-
ted States—for its utility and indispensable necessity,
to both Government and the people—than all living
men besides. He never, until he filled his present
place, utteied one word to the contrary; but, so late
as the fall of 1R40, in his speech at Saratoga, reiter-
ated it all. lie now rejects and scorns a bank as
useless and obsolele, and arrogantly proilaims
that it will never get another vote in New Eng-
land. It is mote probable he will never bn
able to control another vole 111 New England. He
has lauded Mr. Clay's land bill as the wises1, meas-
ure of a great statesman, and advuca'ed it himself
as the foundation stone of the lariff policy: he has
also abandoned it. He proclaimed, "under an Oc-
tober sun" of 1810, in the capital of the Old Do-
minion, that "(he powet and influence of the execu
tive of our Government had increased, is ii.eieas-
ing, and ought to be diminished;" and was "danger-
ous to liberty." He adheicslo an Administration
that is making every effort to stride on in this course
of usurpation, and throws his whole influence
against every attempt (o reduce it within constitu-
tional limits. He lias conclusively demonstrated
that the President cannot, comtiiulionally, remove
from place such officers as the Senate have confirm-
ed; and he constantly advises John Tyler to such
infractions of the Constitution. In his Virginia
speech, he said "Of all things in a popular Govern-
ment, a Government press is most to be dreaded. One
of the first things to be done, when a new adminis-
tration shall come into power, will be to separate
the Government press from the politics of the coun-
try." And as soon as John Tyler resolved to beiray
his party, then Mr. Webster commenced the mo.-t
active operations to purchase up for him all the
presses in any way connected with the Slate De-
partment, and to turn their thunders upon the
Whig party in Congress. He published the procla-
mation (before read from) to the Secretary of the
Treasury, m which he says: "He (the President)
therefore directs the information to be given to all
the officers and agents in your department of the
public service, that partisan interference in popu-
lar elections, whether of State officers or of this
Government, and for whomsoever or against
whomsoever it may be exercised, will be regarded
by him as cause of removal." "But persons em-
ployed under the Government, and paid for their
services out of the public treasury, are not expected
to fake an active or officious part in attempts to in-
fluence the mind or the voles of others; such con-
duct being deemed inconsistent with the spirit of
the Constitution, and the duties of public agents
acting under it." He not only remains a compo-
nent part of an administration which daily violates
a principle it so formally prom.ulged, but he shame-
lessly tramples upon it himself, by stipulating that
his own appointees shall continue the practice
which he has proscribed before the whole country.
He savs, distinctly, to office-seekers, You must not
only be against Mr. Clay, but you must be for Mr.
Tyler, and you must sustain him. In the same
paper, he tells incurubems: "It is not intended that
any officer shall be restrained in the free and proper
expression and maintenance of his opinion respect-
ing public men or public measures, or in the exer-
cise of the fullest degree of the constitutional right
of suffrage." And he now breaks faith with those
dependent upon the will of the Administration, by
sustaining the expulsion from place, of clerks, tide-
waiters, and night-watches; not because they ex-
press a preference for another, but because they do
not express a preference for John Tyler. The
President made him an organ of communication
between himself and the Whigs of Congiess, and,
through him, pledged his failh to approve the sec-
ond bank charter passed at the extra session; and
notwithstanding John Tyler insulted him, by a
refusal to redeem the pledge, he degraded himself,
by publishing to the country thai he knew of no
cause for the dissolution of the cabinet, and coveied
himself with infamy by remaining in it "solitary
and alone." He has been guilty, personally, in
various ways, of violating the law which he pro-
mu'ged against otficers interfering in elections, and
to influence the minds of others. He has come to
the Capitol, mingled among the members of both
Houses, and used persuasions and threats to pro-
cure .the postponement of measures of great im-
portance to the country, because they "were ob-
lecliunable to the President, although acceptable to
himself. He has attempted to seduce members of
Congress irom their Whig principles, and to come,
not to the support of other principles, bul of Tyler-
ism. When the other members of the late cabinet
were consulting with him, and with each other,
upon the propriety of throwing up their places, he
exclaimed, "Who ti John Tyler? He it, nothing!
We would crush him as easily as we can the moth
in this carpet!" stamping ln's foot with contemptu-
ous indignation. Now he is a supple courtier, and
a fawning sycophant at John Tyler's footstool of
power. But the premier knew his master—he is
an intellectual moth. When we think of his per-
fidy, and his political sins, we feel the most indig-
nant resentment; but then we contemplate the im-
becility of his nurid, and the paltriness of his per-
sonal qualities, and it subsides into cold contempt.
The most cruel punishment of antiquity was to
bind a person to a dead carcase; and this is the only
mode in which John Tyler could now be made
noxious to either of the existing political parties.
The reason why the active interference of office-
holder in elections has been objected to, is to pre-
vent the influence of the Executive from reaching,
indirectly, Congress. How dare the Secretary of
State approach Us members, and throw himself
against the passage of measures of legislation'! How
dare he, and his coadjutor of the War Department,
two office-holders, leave their officcs and go forth,
on the eve of important elections, making political
speeches, and wtiling elaborate addresses, to influ-
ence their result 1 Are these "such services as ought
lo be paid for out of the public treasury," and as are
"consistent with the spirit of the Constitution, and
the duties of public a?ents acting under it," when
pei formed by this pair of notable dignitaries'? and yet
of so decidedly an opposite chaiacter, when donehv
humble subordinates, as to be cause of removal?
Their own law is proper and salutary, and they
ought to be punished in conformity to it, by being
ejected from their places. Ifitisnotthe lust of of-
fice which has induced Mr. Webster to cling with
so much tenacity, and at such a cost, to his present
situation, what is it? The British treaty is nego-
tiated, and still he is as firmly moored in it as ever.
"111-weaved ambition! how art thou shrunk"!" To-
wards the premier, I admit, 1 am actuated by a
sense of both wrong and injury—for he has dofie us
injury; but the Secretary of War has done nothing
but wrong. The immorality of his politics isso
notorious as to render him harmless. He had
been Clmtonian and anti-Clintoman, JacksonSia
and anti-Jacksonian, against Tyler, and for hint.
He has always been willing to be the tool of any
party or man who would buy him, and at length
he found a purchaser in John Tyler; and the trans-
action, in open and bold profligacy, challenges'in
vain a parallel in the annals of this country. John
C. Spencer wrote a circular address, conTObiflg
the Syracuse convention, in which he denounced
John Tyler's administration, and his vetoes, as the
exercise of kingly power: in the course of a few
days he came on to this city, and solicited, and ac-
cepted, the place which he fills. The dishonor of*
the , connexion will stick to him like the poisoned
shirt of Nessus. Spencer, and the "guard," and
the few others who have abandoned the cause for
which they were among the mosl clamorous, are
mere mercenaries, who attached themselves to
the Whigs for the spoils, and for the spoils only.
Such men might be dangerous as enemies, but
they would be much more dangerous as fi iends and
allies; for on any day they would sell country and
principles for money and place. We say to them—
Off—begone; your presence pollutes our camp, and
would tarnish our victory.
The principles and measures of the Whigs were
as fully and fairly before the country, in the last
presidential canvass, as the principles or measures
of any party ever were, or can be. They were
boldly submitted, in opposition to those of the
Dem'ociats, to the American people; and judgment
was, with remarkable distinctness, pronounced in
their favor. But for the basest treachery, they
would, at the extia session, all have been imbodied
in the laws of Congress, and their regenerating
influence would long since have been felt by
seventeen millions of people; and what a maSs of
distress and ruin they would have averted from
this deeply afflicted country! How many despair-
ing hearts will owe poverty and want, not to the
ambition merely, but to the fatuity of one heart-
less man. If the deep, silent curses of millions of
wronged beings could have blasted one wretch
from the face of the earth, the mitigation of our
ills would now be in successful operation. But it
is in the providence of the moral world, that some-
times the weakest and worst of men have the power
to achieve an inconceivable amount of mischief;
and how grievously is this truth enforced by the
present condition of our countrymen.
But the Whigs are neither subdued nordismay-
ed. They have been temporarily disheartened by
the desertion of him whom an unlooked-for event,
and not their choice, placed at their head. They
folded their arms with mingled feelings of surprise,
revulsion, and disgust; but their spirit is not dead—
it only slumbers; and when the day of trial comes,
it will be terrible to its enemies in its renovated
energies. They poise themselves upon the recti-
tude and utility of their measures; upon the purity
and firmness of their purpose; and with calm confi-
dence await the issue. Their Whigery is the same
as that which inspired the souls and nerved the
arms of our fathers through seven years of toiland
blood; and they invoke theii countrymen to throng
in serried ranks to its support. They have a leader
worthy of their trust, and their cause, whose soul
quailed not in their darkest adversity; whose rally-
ing voice was heard above the loud shouts of a tri-
umphant enemy; whose devotion wavered not when
all but honor seemed to be lost; and whose uncon-
querable spirit, bearing aloft the standard of anoth-
er, marshalled us at length to a glorious victory.
Who does not know that he is Henry Clay?
Though his place is a private station, Henry
Clay is in the presence of his country and
the 'world. At the age of nineteen, an unknown
and uneducated boy, he buist upon a distant thea-
tre, amidst the exciting scenes of 1798. Even then
he grappled with Nicholas, and Breekenridge, and
Murray,'in the conflict of mind with mind: he rap-
idly won the ascendant, and he has impressed his
noble image upon the gallant State which adopted
the stranger boy with such genetcus enthusiasm.
Dauntless in courage and unmatched in genius,
the expansive operations of his great soul alone
have given him position in the front rank of man-
kind." His civil achievements adotn every page of
his country's history throughout the past genera-
tion. As a parliamentary leader, in practical "states-
