im
APPENDIX "TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
ftfc 184 S;
27T#*CbKG** -3D SESS.
Commercial intercourse with China—Mr; Gordon.
H. of Reps.
ter. Yet, after a little legislative coquetry, she
d^iied the debt; and to those who clamored too
loudly for justice, she gave a place in Newgate
awi'the Tower.
Sir, I know not to what extent a careful eye
might not trace this moral delinquency. Bat of
one; thing I am sate, it little becomes Englishmen
to lecture us uponmoral duty or public faith.
There was one pecuniary transaction between
thfe.-Wro Governments, and it illustrates strongly my
position. I& the treaty of 1793, the United States
assumed to "make full and complete compensation"
for-certain debts due from American citizens to
British subjects, inasmuch as difficulty was found
in collecting them; and to do it in specie. The
amount was settled by convention, between Rufus
King and Lord Hawkesbury, in 1802, at £600,000.
This sum was paid to the last dollar, and in specie;
and this, too, at a time when England herself paid
her public creditors in nothing but depreciated
paper.
But ourbonds will not sell in Europe; and there-
fore our credit, they say, is gone. And has there
never been a time when British paper could not be
sold at pari Sir, the history of the past teaches this.
While the certificates and treasury notes of this
Government have commanded, almost in the worst
of times, dollar for dollar, the exchequer bills of
England, (.even when bearing an interest of 7J per-
cent.,) which represent her floating debt, have been
at a discount as low as 40 per cent.; while her 3 per
cents., which I take as a specimen of her funded
debt, have oscillated between the extremes of 47j
and 100; and this not through the agency or iri time
of war only, but of public distress and commercial
disasters. While she has been arbitrary and faith-
less to her creditor, this Government has never de-
frauded one of a dollar. While she is staggering
under a debt of £788,398,570, (more than thirty-five
hundred millions of dollars,) we, as compared with
her, have none at all. Our whole public debt would
scarcely pay the discount on a thirty-day note drawn
for hers. Yet her citizens and the European world
hold British credit good, while ours is to be doubled.
Sir, there is no Government of the world whose
credit ought to stand higher than ihatofthese United
States. There has none—no, not one—acted with
a faith more pure; not a man ot the Old World, or
of the New, has lost a dollar by its piomises. Its
means are boundless; it* debts as nothing; its honor
pure.
And how is it with the other sovereignties of the
Old Worlds Not one can be named which is not
staggering under its load. Within the last few
vears, the debts of the principal powers of Europe
(which it is believed have not been materially al-
tered since) were as follows: Great Britain 1 have
already alluded to. France (did time permit, I
would show how she had paid her creditors) had a
debt of £191,893,053, with a revenue insufficient to
meet the expenditures of her Government; Austria
had a debt of about £80,000,000; Holland, in 1833,
had a debt of about £10,000,000, which is vastly in-
creased since; Naples, of £20,000,000; Denmark,
between £10,000,000 and £11,000,000; Portugal,
an acknowledged debt, in 1838, of £ 19,080,122;
Prussia, of £39,000,000; Russia, of £50,000,000;
Spain, according to her official statements, of £89,-
600,000, and it is believed that her actual debt is
three times that amount. With these budget;, of
iniquity upon their backs, (the fruits of rapine and
war,) they stagger along like the old sinner of Bun-
yan's alegory, reading homilies to us, doubting
whether we can followl We, in lusty youth, car-
rying the weight of a thistledown, and with an in-
heritance stretching from sea to sea! There is a
cool assurance in this thing, to which the history of
the world has no parallel.
Sir, I am not one of those who make a merit of
abusing Great Britain. She has my highest re-
spect; but, in the lifetime of an empire, matters
such as 1 have alluded to will occur; and thev
should teach us charity. With the kindest of feel-
ings—when they scout at us as faithless when they
affect a sanctimonious regard for plighted faith
which we have not; when they claim a credit in
the markets of the world denied to us—human
nature cannot refrain from asking how they are
entitled to it.
Mr. President, I have no disposition to speak of
persons, except as connected with things; but 1 have
before said that, from the highest official of Gov-
ernment to the lowest, the same humiliating spec-
tacle is seen. We appear to have forgotten that
(be respect and confidence of others depend much
upon that tone of respect and confidence we assume
for ourselves.
It was with surprise and mortification that 1 read
in the recent message of the President of the Uni-
ted States the result of a late petty mission to the
money markets of Europe. Could not the discredit-
able fact have been left to rumor—to the chance of
remaining unknown to the many, and being forgot-
ten by the-few1! Was it necessary for any. useful
purpose that our shame be published in this endn-
ring form to the ends of the earthl The loan has
been taken by our own citizens, who knew us best.
Was its negotiation aided by an announcement of
the fact that our credit was dishonored abroad1?
Why further depreciate, in this most effective of
all possible wa5rs, the credit of the countryl The
fact is, stated in connexion with, and in aid of, the
argument in favor of the exchequer plan. But sure-
ly the Chief Magistrate of this country, with Amer-
ican blood m his veins, and, I hope, an American
heart in his bosom, should have hesitated in this
kind of formal and official announcement of the
dishonor of American credit. It is a course of
business "svi generis'' The country draws upon
the money markets of Europe for five millions of
dollars. The bill is dishonored: when, forthwith,
the drawer—this country, through its highest offi-
cer—makes solemn protest of the draft against
itself, and gives public notice! Did his Excellency
suppose that anybody was likely to pay for the
honor of the drawer'? If not, why send the discred-
itable fact to the ends of the earth"!
Again: in the same message, and in the same
connexion, is another matter, equally indicating
the want of that proper tone of sentiment which the
organs of every Government should assume on all
questions affecting its national credit: I allude to
that part of the message in which the President
refers us to his recommendation that the land-fund
be "mortgaged for the redemption of the principal
and interest of any loan" which the Government
might contract, and therebv "vindicate the Gov-
ernment from all suspicion of bad faith or inabil-
ity," &c.
Sir, 1 am a citizen of the Federal Government of
ihcse United States; 1 am a citizen of the State
Government of New Jeisey: neither have ever dis-
honored their faith by a broken promise. Aside
from other objections to this plan, my feelings re-
volt at it as an indignity—as an unmerited imputa-
tion.
An American President recommends to an Amer-
ican Congress that, in addition to our national
faith, we give collateral security by mortgage; that
we submit to terms in the markets of the world not
asked of other nations—terms implying a distrust
of our integrity and our honor!
Far back in the history of the world, when loans
were made upon the personal responsibility of
kings and princes, it was nolan unusual thing to
put the crown jewels in pledge. But our loan
was to be made upon the credit of neither king
nor prince, but upon the plighted faith of Gov-
ernment. The proposition from the Executive to
hypothecate our crown jewels as collateral to our
faith, had it been made by a foreign power, would
have been resented as an insult.
Sir, we are frail creatures—we scarcely know
ourselves; but 1 think it is in no improper spirit that
I arraign this high functionary before the country
as forgetful of us honor. The money could be
procured, and has been procured, without any such
extraordinary means. But, if it could not have
been, taxation was open to us; better that, than
negotiating on lerms implying a distrust of our in-
tegrity.
But this charge of forgetfulness of what is due
to ourselves, does not attach to the Chief Magistrate
alone. It does appear to me, as if one party in
this country have systematically decried its
credit—have made an effort to swell in public esti-
mation the amount of its indebtedness, and de-
preciate its resources. Have we met these charges
as we ought"? Unquestionably, a system of retrench-
ment has been in progress since the revolution of
1840, which has saved, and is saving, millions to
the country. The danger, indeed, is, from present
appearances, that Congress will rush blindly from
one extreme to another—will show a "zeal out-
running wisdom." In this respect, at least, Whig
promises have been kept to the letter. There is
nothing, so far as I know, which should involve
the credit of the Federal Government in the slightest
suspicion; yet, even in this ball, and everywhere,
: there is a species of tame submission to moral cas-
tigation. When we are. told that our, credit, is,
suspected, when every wind that blows; brings, with,
it charges of dishonesty aad fraud, no, voice, has.
been heard to vindicate the unstained faiih>o£ the.
nation. This ought not to be. Whatever-maylje:
the sins of some of the States, (and God knewfei:
am no apologist for them,) the laith of the RepaSK
lie is without spot or blemish.
Did I not feel that, from the- peculiar organize
tion of our Government, there could be no' claim
upon us for State debts, I would have hesitated to
throw back upon the world the perfidy of the worldv
It would have been brazen effrontery. I cannot.but
believe that European capitalists understand our
system better than is pretended. If a partnership
in Liverpool were of that kind called limited^-or,
in other words, lor specific objects—each person
having contributed a specified amount of capital,
and liable for no more; and one, two, or three of the
twenty-six partners should become embarrassed in
their private affairs, the firm would very readily
understand that it was neither morally nor legally
bound for private debts. Ay, and they would un-
derstand, too, how the firm might be safe, though
individuals were not so. Yet the articles of ps£fi-
nership (if I may be allowed the expression) under
which the Federal Government does business haw
been published throughout the world. They are
the American Constitution, of which all had notice
So far asthe States have any interest in this firm
beyond what is necessary for the transaction of its
business, (as the proceeds of the public lands,) I
would have no objection to return the same to them,
to do with as they judge proper; but whatever may
be the power of the Federal Government in regard
to the assumption of State debts, (about which I give
no opinion,) I utterly protest against its moral or le-
gal liability for the delinquency of any State or
States of the Union.
Sir, the secret of this spirit of railing against us
abroad is not in the anticipated loss of money only.
That they have been used to at home. Still less
does it arise from any peculiar excess of financial
virtue; but it comes from, and is in aid of, their old
spleen against our institutions,
1 am aware that this debate is not of the most
useful character; but it will be remembered that it
did not originate on this side of the chamber. If
these resolutions be pressed to a vote, I trust my
amendment may be first adopted. It is necessary to
divest them of the assumption of that doubtful power
to declare an opinion on the law, as well as to indi-
cate our sense of what is due to the credit and char-
acter of the Federal Government.
SPEECH OF MR. GORDON,
OF NEW YORK.
hi the House of Representatives, February 21, 1843.—
On the bill making an appropriation for com-
mercial intercourse with China.
Mr. GORDON rose, and addressed the Chair.
He said he did not rise, on the present occasion,
to become the apologist and defender of the present
Administration; for he had no agency in bring-
ing it into power in the memorable contest of
1840. Far from it: he had exerted himself, to
the best of his ability, to keep it out. He had risen
for the purpose of replying impromptu, and, as well
as the occasion would permit, to the speech just
made by his colleague, [Mr. J. C. Clark,]—a speech
sui generis in point of taste, and partaking strongly
of the, fumes of the midnight lamp. His colleague
had taken more than ordinary pains to cull from
the pages of Shakspeare, Junius, Byron, and the
classics of ancient and modern times, the choicest
epithets of vituperation, of sarcasm, and of oblo-
quy, to crowd them into a memorized philippic of -
an hour's length against the Executive and the
prime minister, whom he had so zealously labored
to elevate to power. He did not recollect to have
heard a speech this session in which more wrath
and gall was poured out upon the doomed heads of
"Captain" Tyler and Daniel Webster. Indeed, the
lex tahonis, or law of retaliation, as practised in
the olden time, between the flood and the advent
of Christendom, would well apply to him. Let not
his colleague, then, complain if he received as
good, and as much, as he had hurled at Messrs.
Tyler and Webster! Let him not murmur if the
poisoned chalice was returned to his own lips!
His colleague now said that he was sorry that
the present Administration was invested with
power. Such a declaration did not at all surprise
him, (Mr. G.,) strange as it might seem to others,
