m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Feb. 1848.
27th Gong 3d Sess.
Commercial intercourse luith China—Mr. Gordon.
H. of Reps.
again, from the fact that both wanted to establish a
paper currency for this great nation. Seme of
them were for an exchequer, and others for a Bank
of the United States. Some of them, too, wanted
to bolster up the paper of the State banks with the
eredit of the General Government. All, in fact,
wanted to renovate the same system of paper-mo-
ney, undet the evils of which the country now suf-
fered so grievously. He would, then, glance at
some of the expedients of this party, and, among
them, the $200,000,000 scheme of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. W. C. Johnson.] What was
that scheme"! Why, that the Government shall
issue two hundred millions of bonds, at an interest
of 3 per cent., based on the pretended sale of the
public lands; in other words, to put $200,000,000 of
Government paper afloat, without any adequate
security for its redemplion. Such was, in a few
words, the scheme of the gentleman from Mary-
land. Now, what was the proposition of another
gentleman from the same side of the House"? [Mr.
Cushinq.] That the Government should carry on
the business of private banking on private account,
and, at the same time, give currency to depreciated
bank paper. Such was the exchequer. But he
would return to the two hundred million scheme;
for he feared that all this longing after paper-
money would end in it at last.
The Chairman called to order for irrelevancy.
Mr. Smith ol Virginia interposed, and begged
that the gentleman might be permitted to proceed,
as the other gentleman from New York [Mr. J, C.
Clark] had been allowed to go on without any
restrictibn or limitation.
After one or two remarks from the Chair-
Mr. Gordon resumed, and said he should pro-
ceed in order, The giotind lie took in this mat-
ter was, that jhis party could not be safely intrusted
with money, because of the extravagant and impol-
itic projects they were ever ready to foree upon the
adoption of the House. Lie wished to know,befote
he intrusted this Admmisiiation and this party with
money—(for he took it that this bill emanated from
the majority)—before he opened the purse-strings
of the nation, and intrusted them with the treasure
of the people, he wished to inquire into their sys-
tem and policy of government. He presumed this
"would be as much in ordct (anil lie hoped the Chair-
man would so rule it) as to debate the Paneuil
Hall speech of Mr. Webster. Was it not as much
in order to allude to the state of the finances of
the Government, as to treat of what his colleague
was pleased to term the trecu'hery of his political
friends'! He desired fo discuss the position taken
fey a majority of that party, through their own Com-
mittee of ways and Means—thai it. was competent
and constitutional for the Geneial Government to
issue $200,000,000 of bonds, to be given to the
States, and also what "relief" such a scheme would
afford to the people. He would, however, first treat
of the exchequer.
Here the Chairman again interrupted Mr. G.,
and said that the topics he was discussing were ir-
relevant to the subject under consideration, and
therefore out of order.
Mr. R. D. Davis rose, and remarked that he un-
derstood his colleague to allude to these subjects in-
cidentally, and as illustrative of his general argu-
ment.
Mr. Wellrb said that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. J. c. Clark] had been allowed to speak
of all the subjects which the gentleman [Mr. Gor-
don] now wished to discuss, and was not called to
order. He should think the gentleman now on the
floor [Mr.Gordon] had a right to discuss the same
subjects in reply.
The Chairman insisting upon his decision-
Mr. Wjellbr took an appeal.
Mr. Gordon resumed, and requested his friend
from Ohio to withdraw the appeal, inasmuch as
to decide it would largely take off from the hour
allotted to him. [Mr. Welles did so.] He
should be able to come out, in order.
His colleague had given a most glowing de-
scription of the temple of the great Whig party
•with columns, and colonnades, and a lofty dome;
and had complained that the man behind the
throne, at the other end of the avenue, was exer-
cising his great strength in tearing down that
mighty edifice. Now, he thought it would not re-
quire a Samson to teat down a log-cabin! Even
the very boys ofthe city made it their pastime to
tear and pull to pieces the few models of Whig
architecture which were found here. What were
columns and colonnades of this glorious temple,
so glowingly described by his colleague"! Why, he
believed that the sign out of doors, whether the
latch-string was pulled in or not, was a cider barrel
and a coon skin; whilst the edifice itself was built
of rough logs, with the chinks between them stop-
ped up with mud. It was a temple of night revel-
ry and debauch, where its votaries drank hard ci-
der, and, too often for their own good, became fud-
dled ! If, then, this mighty man—this premier at
the end of the avenue—aided by the boys, did tear
down the consecrated temple of Whigery, he did
more good than harm. He (Mr. G.) applauded
him for the act. True, it was a small business for
such a man to be engaged in; but all must admit
that it was no less dignified an employment than
that of assisting his friends to raise these remarka-
ble edifices.
He thought it would be an instructive fact to the
people of this country, could they know .whether
the two hundred million project, darkly hinted at
in the Faneuil Hall speech, originated in this
country or in England; and aiso whether it -was
first conceived before or after the visit of that
mighty man to England in 1839; whether it was be-
fore or alter he got the thousand pounds for his
opinion on the subject of*State credit. These
facts might be highly important to the people, in
enabling them to judge of the merits of the scheme.
He consideied it as no moie nor less than a project
for the benefit of the British fund-mongers, and the
success of which would crush this Republic.
Once adopted,the Government could not subsist a
day. There would be a consolidation of all the
power of the States in the Federal Government.
Congress would have taken upon itself to discharge
all the debts cteated by the extravagance of the
States, and the profligacy of their agents, without
the power to testrain their propensities to further
debt and scheming extravagance. This would be
consolidation in its fullest sense, and would break
up our present form of government; for the States
would undoubtedly conic to their senses in time,
and shake ofl'the odious burden imposed on them,
bvrepudiation or nullification For himself, sooner
than see his own State (New York) saddled with
the debts of other States, he would resort at once
to nullification or repudiation. Yes; he would
rather repudiate tiian entail upon the people of his
State debts created by the spendthrift propensi-
ties of others. Let gentlemen in Congress ab-
stain from tinkering the credit of the States. Let
them pieserre intact, inviolate, and untarnished,
the faith and etedit of the General Government;
and, ho was willing to answer for it, that would be
the test mode that could be adopted to preserve
the credit of the States. He could not think of
any consideration which should for one moment
influence Congress to assume the State debts; nor
could he see how, by possibility, the people could,
in any shape, be benefited by it. At this very time,
the annual revenue of the General Government
from customs, lands, and all sources combined,
does not amount to ®15,000,000. The annual ordi-
nary expenditures of the Government are $23,000,-
000. The national debt is now ®26,000,000, at an
annual interest of @1,560,000. What, then, must
be our leliable sources of reveuue, unless by re-
sorting to direct internal taxation1} Here, then,
with a debt of S2G,000,000 pressing down the
credit of the General Government, is an annual
deficit, after exhausting all our income, and with-
out discharging a dollar of the principal of the
debt, of ®9,500,000 to be provided by increased taxes,
in order to save this Government from repudia-
tion, disgrace, and financial rum. Yet it proposed
to superadd to this load of debt two hundred mil-
lions, by an issue of bonds bearing 3 per cent, in-
terest, on the baseless security of the public lands;
when their proceeds, all told, added to the duties
on imports, fall mote than nine millions and a half
short ot the annual expenditures! The interest
upon the.-e two hundred millions is, of course,
to be paid by means of a direct tax upon the
pockets of the people; for, to think of paying it
with thecustoms andland sales, is out of the question.
Where would these bonds of the General Govern-
ment go"! Would they go to the people, to be dis-
tributed per capita among them, according to agra-
rian principles'! Not a dollar. How, then, would'
they be disposed of"? The share of each indebted
State would be handed over to its creditors, and
the share of the non-indebted States to iheir authori-
ties, to stimulate them and their agents to the same
ruinous and reckless career of extravagance and
wild scheming which would inevitably lead to J
bankruptcy and defalcations. How, then, he re-
peated, were the people to be benefited by this
$200,000,000 scheme, (even if this Government were
able to meet the new and heavy responsibility,)
whilst it, at the same time, discharged all its other
duties and obligations'!—an undertaking which no
man in his senses believed could ever be perform-
ed. Could the people, by any possibility, be re-
lieved by grinding taxes.1! If taxation would pro-
duce relief and blessings, then, indeed, the people
would be doubly blessed! If it is true (as was con-
tended formerly) that a national debt is a national
blessing, then, indeed, -will this project confer that
blessing in a most eminent degree! In his (Mr.
G.'s) view, however, this scheme, emanating as it
had from the brains of visionary dreamers, would
produce blessings and "relief" with a vengeance!—
such blessings as national discredit and insolvency,
and such "relief" as practical repudiation by the
General Government. Relief, indeed! Relieving
the people with their own money and credit! It was
a mockery to talk of such relief.
But let him turn to another aspect of the question.
Whether a war wjth England would be a blessing
or not, he could not now undertake to say. He
did not know but that it would do some good, by
arousing a spirit of patriotism in the country, and
by enkindling a good feeling in the hearts ofthe
money-making people, who would not hesitateto
ask even a desecration of the Constitution itsellfif
thereby they could make money. But let it be
conceded that a war with England was a blessing
ofthe most desirable kind. He did not believe that
the people of this country would do any improper
act to promote it. Let England espouse the cause
of the Rothschilds, and other foreign bankers, if she
dai cd; let her take up arms in defence of the Nicho-
las Biddies on the other side of the Atlantic; let her
make common cause with them, and wage war upon,
our country and our Constitution—he wished to
see the trial come at once. He wished to see the
strength and virtue of our Constitution tested. He
wished to see the heart and energies of our people
pass through the ordeal to which they would be
subjected. He felt .confident that all the patriotic
ardor that inflamed the bosoms of our ancestors
would be at one enkindled, and that our people
would come out from the contest unscathed. The
people of this country, he thought, owed a debt of
gratitude to the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. AdamsJ for putting the matter upon the foot-
ing he had placed it. That gentleman, by threaten-
ing war in case of a non-payment ofthe State debts,
could not have more effectually served the ends of
those who were opposed to assumption. Indeed,
he had put it out of the power this Government,
without dishonor, to assume the State debts under
such a menace. The gentleman's speech, designed
to intimidate, would be hereafter held up as an ap-
peal to the pride and the martial spirit of the peo-
ple.
But what was the further tendency of the gentle-
man's argument1! Why, that this Government must
necessarily assume the State debts; for it was shown
that a State might go on, ad libiium, contracting
what debts she pleased, giving her bonds to for-
eigners for the amount, and then this Government
must be dragged into the payment of her obliga-
tions; for a single State had in this way the power
to involve this Union in a war with a foreign power,
notwithstanding the power to declare war was, by
the Constitution, placed, not with the Government
of a State, but with the Federal Government. He
would not discuss the validity of Mississippi bonds,
for that subject had been sufficiently discussed on
this floor. He eared not whether they were valid
or not, so far as the argument there was concerned;
hut the idea that a State might contract what debts
she pleased, and that this Government must pay
them, or assume her indebtedness, was putting
this country in the power and at the mercy of a
single State. Why, he would prefer consolidation
to : uch a slate of'things—he would prefer that the
State lines should be blotted out—that the whole
people of this Union, if they were to be compelled
to assume the responsibility of repayment, should
at least have a voice in the contracting of these
debts. He asked the House what control the
State of New York, which he in part represented,
had either here or at home, in her State Legisla-
ture, or by her press, or her public meetings—or,
indeed, in any form—-over the contracting of the
debts of the State of Indiana, of Mississippi, or
of Pennsylvania1! Those States contracted their
debts without consultation with New York; she
