>. *848.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•167
CoNo.**--3d Sess.
Naval Appropriation Bill—Mr. J. L. White.
H. of Reps.
<£tate#bver ments, andall their agents employed in
carrying oil their works of internal improvement,
$$#d, precisely as if the money they were expending
weje rained down from the heavens, and the shower
ijsiauld last forever. The consequence of this uni-
versal excitement and delirium was a system of
i^neSampled extravagance and waste, causing the
wdiSs fexssuted to cost three, four, or five tunes as
rtjttch as it would now cost to construct them.
And (said Mr. McD.) I will venture the opinion,
titat,: at this moment, there is no prudent man—even
if«ne could be found having the requisite capital—
"mho would accept, as a gift, nine-tenths of the
works made with this borrowed capital, if he were
bcmnd, by the terms of the gift, to keep
-them up. They would not pay expenses;
and the money ■ expended must be rega rded as
sunk and lost forever. And here I cannot but
express an opinion I have long entertained, and
which the occasion forcibly suggests—that, for all
g^wteYntti'ents, the faculty of borrowing money, and
nuitling the debt, is one of the most unfortunate
discoveries ever made in political economy; and
that, for the States of this Union, all should now
unite in deploring its existence. And now, (said
he,:) when the States have just waked up from this
•fatal delirium, to survey, in soberness, the embar-
rassment and ruin that surround them, is it proper
thjai 'we, by the monstrous scheme proposed, should
administer to them again the same bewildering
ijose, producing the same disasters'! It is perfectly
cTear t'h'at the practical operation of the scheme wiil
be to place another two hundred millions of dollars
at the disposal of the State Governments, to be used
"by them, without any responsibility to the people of
the TTmted States, who must pay the taxes by which
this money is to be raised. Now, is it not obvi-
ous, that, if the State Governments were held to a
separate responsibility, by requiring each to raise,
by taxes imposed on its own constituents, the money
necessary to pay its own debts, and execute its own
improvements,—the only effective check upon the
extravagance of Government, which human wisdom
frasdevised, would be brought into active operation"!
When every citizen of the State knows and feels
that he pays his full proportion of every dollar ex-
pended, then, and not till then, will he hold his rep-
resentative and his executive agents to a rigorous
accountability.
And now, (said Mr. McD..) a few words on the
naked question of espediency. And here I must
ask the projectors of this grand scheme of delu-
sion, what is the great favor we should confer upon
the States by its adoption"! The honorable Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Merrick] had been pleased to
speak of the 'paUrnal character of this Government
in its relation to the Siates, and the obligations in-
cident to that character. The duties of a paternal
'government! Mr. President, this is not the first
time, by many hundreds, that I have heard this
language used on the floor of Congress. When-
ever Congress was called upon to do any wrong—
whenever an outiage was about to be perpetrated
upon the rights of the people—it was always at-
tempted to cover and consecrate it by assuming
this paternal character. It was a remark of Junius,
(which I do not repeat as approving his particular
application of it,) "that whenever a Scotchman
smiled in his face, he involuntarily put his hand on
bis pocket." Now I must remark, that whenever
I bear the paternal character of this -Government
invoked, I involuntarily put my hand upon my
pocket, suspecting some secret design of legislative
injustice and plunder. And what, I ask, is the
practical character and effect of measures profess-
ing to give money to the States'! Do gentlemen
aim to inculcate upon the people of the States the
idolatrous idea, that this Government (as ii some
godlike power)'is endowed with inherent wealth,
or some supernatural alchemic process of creating
money, not' derived from the people themselves
And were they, like children, to be deluded into the
belief that Congress, by these inheient self-created
measures, were about to relieve their pecuniaiy
embarrassments! All this tended to induce the
people to bow down and worship this Govern-
ment, as the Persians worshipped the sun. God for-
bid that this tendency, to which all communities
£re but too prone, should be countenanced or en-
couraged by any measures of ours.
Let us meet the question fairly, and expose the
operation of the proposed measure plainly to the
people. Every power we exercise, and eveiy dol-
lar we possess, must be derived from the people of
those very States to whom we affect to manifest
such paternal munificence, in giving them back
what we have taken from them already, or imposed
on ourselves the obligation to do so hereafter; de-
ducting, however, what has stuck to the fingers of
a host of officers, or fallen by the wayside, in the
double process of collecting and giving back the
money.
Since, then, we have nothing to give the people,
and are, in fact, dependent upon them, and the reve-
nue drawn from their labor, for the very bread we
eat—as their representatives here, let us realize the
fact, (as the people certainly will,) that lor every dol-
lar toe may seem to give the States, in one form,
we shall be under the necessity of drawing from
them one dollar and twenty-five cents (including
the expenses of collecting and distributing) in some
form of taxation. I confidently ask, then, ifthere
is a single Senator on this floor who will give
countenance to this insane scheme of deception, by
which the evils of to-day are to be postponed till to-
morrow, only to fall with redoubled force upon
those who vainly hope to be relieved from their
embarrassments'!
I am aware (said Mr. McD.) that this scheme
is recommended to many, by the expectation that
the revenue by which the interest of the proposed
stock will be paid, and the stock ultimately re-
deemed, will be raised by indirect taxation. But
this hope is utterly destitute of foundation. Can
any one suppose that, with an exhausted treasury,
a Government living from day to day upon the
miserable shifts of borrowing, and a commerce
which is almost cutoff by an nnjustand suicidal pol-
icy, (^o that the duties will not, by some eight
millions of dollars, defray the ordinary expenses
of the several departments,> we can nevertheless
pay an annual interest of six millions upon the
stock proposed to be issued, without resorting to
direct taxes'! No, sii; in less than a single year
we should be driven to the alternative of direct tax-
ation, or of refusing to pay the interest on the
stock, to the utter ruin of our public credit.
And this brings 111c to another view of the sub-
ject, which deserves to be gravely considered. This
scheme is designed to relieve the indebted States, by
indirectly assuming their debts; but, in order to ac-
complish this, it is necessary to do something more.
It is, therefore, proposed to issue $200,000,000 of 3
per cent, stock, and distribute it among the States-—
not in proportion to their debts, but to their federal
numbers. Now, while the distributive share of
Pennsylvania would not pay one-half part of her
debts, that of other States would far exceed them;
and that of some would be a clear fund, subject to
no debt at all. South Carolina, for example, with
a very small debt, would be entitled to above six
millions; the economical and exemplary State of
North Carolina (which, I believe, has scarcely any
debt) will be entitled to above nine millions; and
Missouri would be entitled to about three millions,
with no debt at all. Now, mark the unequal opera-
tion of this scheme on the indebted and on the unin-
debted States! The former, if (as it is said) they could
exchange their United States 3 per cents, for State
G per cents., would lealize the par value for their
distributive share. Now, what would be the con-
dition of the unindebted States, and those owing
less than their share of the stock'! What could
they realize for that stock; and to what use could
they apply the proceeds'! It is proposed to throw
two hundred millions of our 3 per cent, stock on
the markets of the world, with a considerable and
increasing debt already hanging over us, and with-
out the means of paying that debt, or even the ordi-
nary current expenses of the Government. Pray,
what would that stock be worth to North Carolina,
Missouri, and the other unindebted States, and
States but little indebted"! We have ascertained, by
actual experiment, that our 6 per cent, stock could
not be sold in Europe at par—-or, indeed, at any price
—thoughsmall in amount. What, then, will be the
value of the proposed 3 peT cents, when the amount
of our debts shall be swelled to two hundred and
forty millions, with an annual interest of eight mil-
lions and a half, and an annual revenue notorious-
ly insufficient to pay one-half our annual expenses,
including this interest"?
Sir, (said Mr. McD.,) it would be extravagant to
suppose it could be sold at fifty dollars for the
hundred. I do not believe it could be sold tor
that price. So that, in effect, you^ would compel
these States to receive this stock, for which they
have no use, at par; when they could not obtain
for it one-half its par value. I say they would be
compelled to receive it at par; because they would
have to pay their full proportion of fhfetaies
necessary to pay the interest annually, a-ndfiaafly,
in some twenty years, to redeem the wholeamount
of the principal, after having paid $170,000,GOO -as
nterest. Such, sir, would be the operation of tfhis
most monstrous and abominable project. In twen-
ty years after paying this $170,000,000 in current in-
terest, our immediate posterity would have to re-
deem the whole amount of the debt itself—a sutn
nearly twice as large as the debt of the late ftrar
with Great Britain; a war, by which our charac-
ter as a nation was established, and the glory of
our arms, by sea and land, extended throughout
the world. Such would be the inheritance which,
as reckless and improvident fathers, we should
leave to our children. Nothing could be more un-
wise as it regards all the States; and nothing
could be more monstrously unequal and unjust to
the unindebted States. But I have no idea, after
the opinions I hope to hear expressed in this Sen-
ate, that foreigners would take this stock on any
terms.
But, (said Mr. McD.,) as I perceive the Senate is
now full, I have no disposition to press the argu-
ment further. I feel it, however, to be my duty,
before I sit down—a duty which I owe to myself,
to the States, and to the foreign and domestic capi-
talists to whom this stock may be offered—to make,
in my place here, a solemn declaration, by which I
will stand or fall, to the end that those capitalists
(particularly the holders of State stocks in Europe)
may not be deceived. I confidently believe, then,
that all the States will ultimately fulfil their obliga-
tions and redeem their faith, which has been con-
stitutionally pledged. I as confidently believe that
this Government has no shadow of constitutional
power to issue stock, pledging the public faitli fdr
any such purpose as that indicated in the resolu-
tions, and that the whole $200,000,000 would not
be constitutionally worth the paper on which these
resolutions are written. The promises upon the
face of it would be utterly null and void, and I
would feel no more obligation to redeem them than
to pay a forged note. And if, by any accident, a
party should ever get temporary possession of the
power of this Government, by whom such stock
shall be issued, I heie solemnly declare and pledge
myself that I will wage war—exterminating i?ar—
against it, so long as my life lasts, whether I shall be
in Congress or out of it. And whether it may be
called nullification, repudiation, or by whatever
other name of odium it maybe designated, I will
persevere in resisting, by all the influence I can ex-
ert as a citizen, and all the power I may possess as
a legislator, the payment of all claims upon the
United States founded upon this unconstitutional
attempt to assume the debts of the States; holding
at the same time that we are under the most sacrea
obligation to preserve the l'aith of the Government
constitutionally pledged, free from violation, or even
suspicion. I!,"notwithstanding all this, foreign cap-
italists should still take the proposed stock in ex-
change for State stocks, they will act upon their own
responsibility, andnotupon mine—theireyes will be
fully open to the consequences; and let them make
the experiment.
SPEECH OF ME. WHITE,
of indiana,
In the House of Representatively February 8,
1843.—In reply to Mr. Hoxtces, of South Caro-
lina, on the principles which divide the two 'par-
ties.
The House being in Committee of the Whole
on the naval approp^ation bill—
Mr. WHITE addressed the Committee as follows:
Mr. Cif aiiitviajn: From the commencement of this
Congress to the pre&ent time, a fashion has prevailed
here, among that portion of the House who style
themselves the Democracy, in every speech—no mat-
ter what the subject under consideration—to indulge
in vehement abuse of the Whig party, its principles,
and the motives which have governed its members
in their legislative action. By one gentleman we
are informed that the great political struggle of 1840
was characterized by nothing but base and shame-
less appeals to the worst passions of the populace; that
no principles were contended for, and none involved;
and that the great victory achieved by that contest
proved nothing but a popular desire for a change of
rulers. Another gentleman proclaims, in a strain of
indignant rebuke, that we had one set of principles
