Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
169
27th Cong«--*3d Skss.
Naval Appropriation Bid—Mr. J. L White,
H. of Reps.
monious? Let it come out—publish all. Sir, I
call again—distinctly, emphatically call upon North-
em Democrats to rise now in their places and de-
clare, if they can, that the testimony' of their party
leaders from South Carolina—one from Alabama—
one from Virginia—one from Pennsylvania—and
three from New York, is untrue. Dare you doit
now—-here in your places? Your leader [Mr. Cal-
houn] has said that the "whole Democratic party
have rallied to the standard of free trade" Bare
you say it is false? If so, rise and pronounce the
word. Gentlemen are silent! and that silence elo-
quently admits the truth of their great leader's dec-
laration, while they have not the courage to avow it
in terms. Let it go to the North that the Represent-
atives of that section of the Union are for the doc-
trine of free tr^ while here; and by the North, dis-
graced by tSe duplicity of their agents, let the rebuke
be administered to them.
I call upon a gentleman from New York now in
my eye—the Representative of the district of Mr.
Van Buren's residence, [Mr. McClsllan]—to tell
this House whether he constitutes one of the "whole
Democratic party"—whether he is an advocate for
free trade?
Mr* McClellax. I will respond to the inquiry.
If the -gentleman means, by free trade, low duties
Mr. Whitk. I do not yield the floor to the gen-
tleman to make a speech. I ask him a plain ques-
tion; and before he answers, he requires me to ex-
plain the meaning- of one of the cardinal principles
of his party.
Mr, McCx.kh.ak. If the gentleman means- 
Mr. White. I mean nothing about the princi-
ple. I ask you a simple question. Will you an-
swer, yes or no? The gentleman declines the an-
swer! I thought it would be thus.
Let us now look to the operation of this principle
when reduced to practice. The term free tiade
defines ita own meaning: it is a trade free from all
legislative restraints, and left to the control of its
own laws. If the taxing power of this Government
be applied to it, and it is compelled to pay contribu-
tions for its license, it is no longer a free, but are-
strained trade. To be free, it must not be subjected
to duties, and must be chargcablc with the payment
of no revenue to the Government. In short, the
Government must be left without revenue, or resort
to direct taxation to procure it, if this policy prevails.
If this theory were established in practice, what
think you, sir, each State would be bound to con-
tribute by direct taxation as its portion of the Fed-
eral revenue? I have been curious enough to make
the calculation upon the returns of the last census,
assuming $28,500,000 as the amount of annual ex-
penditure—an amount far below that required by
the Secretary of the Treasury in his report—and
assuming federal numbers as the basis of taxation.
The account would stand thus:
Maine
New Hamp-hire
Massachusetts
?lhode Islam!
fJonnfctieut
Vermont •
New York
>iew Jersey
Pennsylvania
Ohio
Indiana
Illinois
Michigan ■
©1,003,5 >0
069,150
1,433,390
217,260
<319,950
583 890
4,857.840
746,Gt0
3,343,000
3 033 93<'
1,371.730
952,360
424,530
Delaware
Maiylaml •
Virginia -
North Carolina
South Carolina
Georgia
Alabama -
Mississippi
Louisiana -
Tennessee -
Kentucky •
Mis-mm -
Aikansus •
$130,110
071,450
1 771,1 JO
1,078,310
.W 390
691.390-
150 350
375.050
^93 6;o
1,184,580
1,114 040
584,140
139,390
In the calculation which I have made, to avoid
placing too high the ratable proportions of the slave-
holding States, J have assumed for each that the vot-
ing population are the tax-payers; which is, in effect,
rue. It may be that many voters do not pay taxes;
but the deficiency is fully, if not more than supplied
by taxes paid by widows, the guardians of minor
children, and foreigners who have estates in land.
Could New York pay this sum of $4,857,840 annu-
ally? The statement of the amount is a sufficient
reply. During the late fall election in that State,
the party leaders were rampant at the thought of
Whig ascendency and a "forty million debt;" and
their stump and caucus orators, in doleful strains,
besought the people to restore the State Government
to the keeping of the Democracy, because Whig
mismanagement had imposed upon them a direct
tax of about six hundred thousand dollars, -which
they -were unable to pay, The Government was
restored to them; and how do they propose to alle-
viate or remove this popular burden of a six hundred
thousand dollars direct tax? By free trade. In
other words, as the people of the State of New
York cannot pay the sum of six hundred thousand
dollars annually, without great inconvenience, if
they can ever pay it at all, Democracy proposes to
relieve them of the inconvenience or inability by ex-
acting annually an additional sum of rom mil-
MOST EICiH'V HCXIlREJI AXB METT-SXVEJT THOliSASI)
SIGHT HU5DEF.D AXD VOllTY DOLLARS by direct
taxation for Federal uses. A New York city mem-
ber informed us a short time since that his was the
"progressive or improvement party," and that ours
is the "stand-still party." I do not now stop to
controvert his position; but, for myself, sir, I would
rather always remain in that condition of blissful
ignorance to which the gentleman has consigned me,
than to purchase progression or improvement at the
enormous price of public misery and ruin which
must be paid for it. I would rather forever "stand
still" than to "progfess^' when each advancing step
must tread upon the prostrate interests and the
crushed and despairing hopes of a nation. No, sir;
I desire no party improvement, or party progres-
sion, if it must be based upon public wretchedness.
I turn now to examine the blessings in reserve
for my own State under this financial policy of"free
trade and direct taxation." The gentleman who
last addressed the House [Mr. Holxes] thought
proper to indulge in many censorious commentaries
upon the conduct of Western members in endeavor-
ing to withhold large appropriations for the.navy;
and he invoked the liberality of our patriotism
to sustain in future that branch of the national ser-
vice. Strange invocation from a strange quarter!
How many times and for how many years has the
West appealed to the gentleman, nay, to the whole
school of "strict-construction" politicians—master
and disciples—to give us appropriations to improve
the navigation of the Western rivers'! And how
often have those appeals been burdened with mi-
nute specifications of the loss of property and human
life, in consequence of appropriations being refused!;
How often have they been implored to vote money
to continue the Cumberland road—a great national
thoroughfare, which has peopled the wilderness and
brought untold millions into your treasury"! And
what answer has been given to those appeals and
invocations! "The appropriation is unconstitu-
tional." This is the unvarying and eternal response.
In their estimation, the Constitution is general
in theory—local in practice. It was made exclu-
sively for that portion of the Union lying east of
the Alleghanies, and most especially for South Car-
olina, to which State alone belongs the right of in-
terpreting its provisions! Appropiiations for har-
bors, light-houses, buoys, dry-docks, fortilications,
arsenals, armories, are tolerated by the Constitution,
under a South Carolina construction; but an ap-
propriation for Western rivers, upon whose bosoms
float one-half the agricultural wealth of this nation,
and by means of which more than one-half of the
internal commerce of the country is carried on,—such
an appropriation is forbidden by the Constitution!
And thus it is that the gentleman, by the aid of
"strict construction," refuses to us all benefit of part
or lot in the appropriations made by this Govern-
ment; and yet he cannot understand the motive
which influences Western members to vote against
large appropriations for expenditure upon the sea-
board. Let me explain to him the position of my
State, and he will sufficiently understand the mo-
tives which govern its Representatives upon all
questions of appropriation.
Since Indiana was admitted into the Union as a
State, she has paid into the national treasury nearly
$16,000,000, proceeds of the public lands sold with-
in her limits. This amount has been expended
somewhere, but none of it has found its way back
again to the State by which it was paid. South
Carolina has had her share of it.
For the last eight years the people of Indiana have
paid, in difference of exchange alone, about seven
hundred and fifty thousand dollars per annum. I
say paid; because the difference of exchange (which
during that period has averaged eight per cent.) has
been added to the price of all commodities purchased
by our merchants in the Eastern cities and consumed
within my State, in this case, as it ever will be
in all others where pecuniary loss must be sustained
in consequence of the derangement of currency and
exchange, mercantile sagacity throws that loss off
the shoulders of dealers to those of consumers. This
annual burden is imposed upon us because "strict
construction" has withheld a charter for a national
bank; and patiently have we paid the yearly con-
tribution for South Carolina interpretation of a
Constitution not made for us; and pay it we ever
must while the star of "Democracy" is in the as-
cendant. I will state the annual account between
Indiana and the General Government.
Government of the United States to Indiana,
Dr.
To difference of exchange per annum paid
by the people in consequence of refusal
of the Government to give to them a
national currency - - - $750,000
To amount paid by sale of public lands,
per annum - 500,000
To amount paid by consumers of articles
of foreign merchandise in consequence
of tariff duties - - - 500,000
Total
1,750,000
CR.
By appropriation for the Cumberland
road - 000,000
By appropriation to improve the naviga-
tion of the Wabash river - - 000,000
By appropriation for harbor at Michigan
city ----- 000,000
By appropriation for the improvement of
navigation in Western rivers - - 000,000
Thus stands the account. But this is far from
being the entire amount of our annual burden.
There is to be added to this the sum of §120,000
for the ordinary expenses of the State Government,
and the further sura of $800,000 interest upon our
debt; which, with the sum of $1,750,000 before
slated, makes an annual amount of $2,670,000,
chargeable upon the industry and enterprise of our
citizens. It is true, the demand for interest on our
debt has not been punctually met, because of our
inability to meet it. It stands charged against us,
however, and must and eventually -mill be paid,
w ithout the repudiation of a farthing. In the lan-
guage of my colleague, [Mr. Lane,] we will settle
fair if we never pay. Well, sir, what is the prop-
osition which Democracy makes to relieve us from
this insupportable liability? Free trade again; by
which tho sum of §500,000 now paid by the con-
sumers of tariff duties would be withdrawn from the
account, and the sum of $1,371,730, to he raised by
direct taxation, substituted. This would leave our
liability for each year $3,541,730—an amount which,
we cannot pay while this Government pursues this
"strict construction" policy, and a large portion of
which we need not pay, because it would not be
charged against us if the Government shall be ever
administered, as it should, for the common benefit of
all in every part of the Union. Is the gentleman
surprised now that we oppose extravagant appro-
priations of money, no part -of which is to be ex-
pended amongst ourselves? When he aids in es-
tablishing, for our benefit, a national bank, and thus
strikes from our account §750,000; when he votes
an appropriation of money to improve the naviga-
tion of western rivers to prevent the loss of our prop-
erty and the lives ot our adventurous people,—his ap-
peal to our generosity will not be characterized by
the selfishness that now marks it, and will be entitled
to more respect and receive more consideration.
The Atlantic States, in ejfect, pay nothing of the
revenue of the Government. That a large portion
of it is collected upon the seaboard, I admit; but
what becomes of it? True, it is paid into the na-
tional treasury, and so is the $500,000 annually
collected from Indiana; but it does not remain there.
Congress appropriates the money, under the lash of
"strict construction," for the army and navy, fortifi-
cations, light-houses, dry-docks, "building vessels of
war, the improvement of harbors, &c., not one of
which objects is local to the West. And thus it
is that what the Atlantic States pay into the treas-
