,mm. iMs.
Sftfa !Co&g 3d Sess.
APFENPOL TO TAB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ih
Clmm nf inhabitants of West Florida—Mr. Levy.
H. of Reps.
REMARKS OF MR. LEYY,
; of florida,
Mouse of Representatives, Feb. 11, 1843—On
{he claim of inhabitants of West Florida for in-
demnity under the 9th article of the treaty of
1819,'between Spain and the United States.
-Mr. Speaker: I will endeavor, with as much
brevity and directness as possible, to present to.the
<kmsfderation of the House the views I entertain
respecting this bill. I hope to be able to satisfy the
minds ot those who will favor me with their atten-
tion, that there is nothing in the gioimds taken
against its passage, by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Adams,] which ought to prejudice
its,success. 1 shall even hope that the mind of the
gentleman himsell, upon a review of those grounds,
may yield to the string claims which the case pro-
vided for in this bill presents upon the justice and
good faith of the nation.
The objections urged by the gentleman rested
Upon two principal grounds—to wit: 1. That the
bill, as reported, would be inefficient of the object
it-contemplates; and, 2. That the claims it relates
to were not intended to be provided for by the trea-
ty .'between Spain and the united States.
I .shall endeavor to reply to these objections;
and will then take the occasion to add some fur-
ther observations to the reply formerly made to the
-remarks of the gentleman from Ohio, respecting
his proposed amendment, with the view of show-
ing that he has entirely erred in his assertions as
to'the practice of this Government upon questions
affecting the rights of property in slaves.
The first objection of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts is* to the phraseology of the bill. Now,
sir, is this—if even well founder!—a justifiable rea-
son for laying the bill on the table, as proposed by
the motion of the gentleman^ If there be merit in
the claims of the persons designed to be provided
for by it, does it comport with the justice of this
House, and the honor of the nation, to refuse any
action at all, because the form of the bill does not
comprehend all the relief which is intended to be
granted? if the bill is defective in its phraseology,
it is the fault of its draughtsman, not of the claim-
ants; and it is in the power of the House to amend
or remodel it at pleasure. It would be monstrous
to refuse that justice which has already been too
long delayed, for the reason of supposed verbal
inaccuracies in the formofa bill, the shape of which
is entirely subject to the control of the legislative
will. But although the bill is, perhaps, loosely pre-
pared, I shall be quite content to take it as it
stands. It is the reason of a law—the purpose of
its passage—the intention of the Legislature, which
controls its construction, even against its literal im-
port; and I should have no fear whatever that the
bill, if it becomes a law, would be so construed by
any intelligent Secretary of the Treasury, as to
render it fully effective of its palpable purpose. I
repeat, sir, I am content to take it as it is; and if i,
who advocate the measure it embodies, am satis-
fied, surely those who are opposed may very well
forego objection upon this score. If there be no
other objection, give me the bill, and let us test its
sufficiency.
The next, and the important objection of the gen-
tleman, was, that the claims referred to by the bill
were not designed to be comprehended in the pro-
visions of the treaty for indemnity; and, in support
of this position, (which the gentleman stated he knew
to be the fact, having negotiated the treaty,) fie re-
ferred to a former report made from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Afiaiisby Mr. Archer, and to the
rejection of the claims by Mr. Crawford upon the
same ground.
Now, sir, so far as the report of a former Con-
gress may weigh, I propose to meet the one adverse
report, from which the gentleman read, by exhibiting
more than one favorable report, made to the House.
The first and full report, made prior to that refer-
red to, and subsequent to the rejection of the claims
by the Secretary of the Treasury, emanated
from a source challenging the respect and confi-
dence of this House. It proceeded from a gentle-
man whose ability as a statesman and jurist was
long acknowledged in these halls, and who is even
now filling a high and distinguished place in the
service of the country—I allude, sir, to Mr. Everett
of Massachusetts, then a member of this House,
and now minister to England. Well, sir, Mr.
Everett, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, to
which he belonged, reported directly in favor of the
claims provided for in this bill, after a a full review |
of the subject, and of the grounds upon which the
objection to them rested.
[Mr. Levy here read extracts from the report.]
Then, again, sir, we have the able and elaborate
report of the Committee on the Territories of the
26th Congress, made by a gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Morgan,] still a member of this House,
in support of these claims, accompanied by a bill, of
which the present is aliteral copy. And we have now
the report of a committee of the present Congress
in favor of them, and upon whose report the bill
under consideration has progressed thus fir. Here
then, sir, we have the weight of three reports of
different Congresses in favor of these claims to
balance against the one adverse report to which the
gentleman has referred. The weight of reports,
then, so far as that is of consequence, is clearly
with the claimants.
The next item depended upon by the gentleman
as a conclusion against the claim, was the decision
of the Secretary of the Treasurv against their va-
lidity under the treaty.
Now, sir, the decisions upon this point have
been diverse. In the first place, the people of
Florida regarded them as having been provided
for; and presented them, under this belief, to the
judge ofWest Florida. Here, then, •va.sihepopu-
lar understanding and conclusion. The judge of
West Florida received and adjudicated them, as
comprehended by the ninth article of the treaty,
and provided for by the act of 1823 for carrying
that act into effect. Here was the judicial decision
upon the question. The Secretaiy of the Treas-
ury decided that they were not so compre-
hended. This was the political decision. The
claimants appealed from the decision of the Sec-
retary to Congress. And, as I shall show at a
future stage of the argument, the decision of Con-
gress, as exhibited in the act of 1831, was against
the Secretary, upon the principles of his decision,
although these claims of 1814 were not provided
for in that act. Here, then, was the legislative de-
cision. _ With the popular, the judicial, and the
legislative constructions of the treaty in favor of the
claimant", is the adverse political decision of the
Secretary^ to be conclusive against them"? I call
it the political decision, because it is stated in one
of the reports to have been the result of Cabinet
advisement. Now, when it is considered that this
was the decision of a quasi interested Executive,
construing a treaty ofits own negotiation in a man-
ner moslfavorable to itsown claimsupon thethanks
of the country for obtaining, by its diplomacy, great
advantages at little cost, I respectfully submit
whether its weight ought to be regarded as conclu-
sive, or even equal to the popular, the judicial,
and as 1 expect to prove, the legislative construction
of the article involved.
Without stopping to discuss at present what 1
conceive to be the error of the argument in the re-
port of the 21st Congress against these claims, 1
will proceed at once to present to the considera-
tion of the House the views which have satisfied
my own mind as to the obligation of the Government
to award the indemnity claimed by the sufferers of
West Florida in 1814.
The first, and, to my mind, sufficiently decisive
proposition, I shall present, is, that the claim of the
inhabitants of West Florida is a good one, without
reference to any treaty stipulation, but considered
separately, upon itsown merits; and that the Uni-
ted States Government is bound by every establish-
ed principle of national law and natural equity
to recognise and discharge it as a debt.
If the same damages had been done within the
limits of our own boundary to the private property
of our own citizens, by an army in the service of
the country, there would have been no hesitation
on the part of the Federal Government to indem-
nify the sufferers. The dutv has been recognised,
in practice, by the acts of 1816 and 1818, and the
innumerable private acts since then5 providing in-
demnification for private property used or destroy-
ed during the late war by the American army. In
a single volume ofthelaws, which I have near me,
(vol.9,) there are no less than fifty private bills of
this description. Now, if the obligation be admit-
ted in the case of injury to the private property of
the citizens of our own Government, who are com-
ponent members of the social compact, and sharing
in thebenefitsot the Government and in thefruitsof
its military achievements, how infinitely stronger is
the obligation in the case of such injury to the
citizens of a foreign and friendly power—the peace-
able inhabitants of neutral territory. But the duty
and the obligation are expressly defined and estab-
lished, in cases such as this now presented, by
writers upon national law.
What is the easel Pending a public war between
the United States and Great Britain, a fleet of one
of the belligerents sails into a harbor of a neutral
province, and seizing upon a fort at its entrance,
designs to employ the haibor for shelter and re-
cruital in the prosecution of hostilities. A-com-
mander of the other belligerent marches by land
with a large army, consisting of three thousand
men—one-third of whom were savages, known to'be
difficult, and, indeed, incapable of restraint— en-
tirely through the dominions of the neutral, without
stopping to ask admission or passage, attacks and
captures a city of the neutral, dislodges the enemy
from the harbor, and aftei wards, releasing the city,
retires. In the course of the march to and fro, in
the country of the neutral, ravages upon the private
property of the peaceable peasants, and other in
habitants of it, are committed. Provisions are
taken for the use of the army, or wantonly destroy-
ed; and the loss of other property, consisting of
slaves, &c., occasioned to the owners.
Now, what is the law of nations applicable to the
easel It must be remembered that no nation has
the right to march an army within the territorial
limits of a friendly or neutral power, without ex-
press permission of the sovereign. In certain eases,
however, of actual or supposed necessity, it is justi-
fied; but with restrictions, and under obligations ex-
pressly defined. The law of nations, as laid down
by Vattel, and applicable to the case, is tohefcrand
in the following passage:
"Extreme necessity may even authoiizn the temporary seiz-
ure of a, neutial town, and the pinting a garrison theiein, with
a view to cover ourselves from the enemy, or to prevent ihe
execution oflas de&igna against that town, when thesovereign
is not rible t<> deiVnti But when the danger is over, we must
jmmedia e!y restore the p'aoe. and pny all the charges, incon-
veniences, and damans which we lidve occasioned by seizing
it."—Book 3, chap. vii« S'Ctioo 121.
The obligation is here clearly stated to pay all
the damages occasioned.
Now, let the necessity tor the march of the Amer-
ican army into Florida be admitted: I seek not to
dispute it. Yet that necessity grew not out of the
hostile disposition of the neutral province, but re-
sulted from its weakness, and inability to prevent
the lodgment of the British force at Pensacola.
This fact will be established by reference to vol. 7,
p. 11, of Niles's Register, where it will be found re-
corded that the British applied to the Governor of
Cuba for permission to rendezvous at Pensacola,
and land troops; which permission was perempto-
rily refused, and a packet despatched to Pensacola,
with orders to the Governor ''to repel the landing
of British troops in that province, with all the force
under his control." But what could the inconsider-
able military strength of a small piovincial town,
upon peace establishment, do in repelling from its
harbor seven frigates, with an army on board?
Where, then, is the excuse for refusing the dis-
charge of an obligation so clearly imposed by the
laws of nations'!
But are not the plain dictates'of equity equally
imperative"! Why should the innocent inhabit-
ants of a foreign territory be made to bear any
part of the cost of an invasion undertaken for
your own advantage, without fault on their part1!
For it is not pretended they took any hostile part
against the United States; and surely the weak-
ness of their Government attached no fault to
them.
But suppose, however, even that the invasion of
West Florida was a legitimate act of war against
the Spanish Government, and was subject only to
the rules and principles governing a state of public
war:—still the private -pioverly of its inhabitants
was not legitimate subject of capture or destruction
on land; the more especially as the inhabitants of
Florida were non-combatants. No principle is bet-
ter settled, in the practice of civilized nations, than
that, by the laws and usages of war, the private
property of the citizens shall not be taken or de-
stroyed, without indemnity being made. This
principle is vouched in our own practice, and has
been distinctly asserted by the American Govern-
ment. It will be found in the instructions of Mr.
Monroe (then Secretary of State) to the American
plenipotentiaries at Gottenburg, dated January 28,
1811; (see Wait's State Papers, vol. 9;) and again in
the diplomatic correspondence of the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself, while Minister to
Great Britain, on two occasions, to wit: in his letter
of August 22, 1815, to Mr, Monroe; and of Feb-
