ftb. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Cong-..3d Sbss.
178-
Claim, of inhabitants of West Florida—Mr. Levy.
H. of Eeps
Well, then, the clause referred to on. the present
occasion expressed what was excepted and reserved
by Spain from the preceding renunciation. It is
connected with the clause of renunciation by the
conjunction y, [and,] and forms a part of it. It is
by the Spanish version, then, and the Spanish
version alone, by -which we must decide what was
intended. It is the intention and understanding
of the Spanish Government which is to rule. That
intention is testified to by De Onis, who expressly
enumerates the losses of 1814 as among those
causes of difference comprehended in the negotia-
tion, and inevitably results from the legitimate con-
struction of the clause.
But 1 will go further, and proceed to show that
the whole history of the negotiation justifies the
opinion that the losses of 1814, as well as those of
1818, were contemplatedby the Spanish Government
to be provided for in the treaty. I design to show
that, from the commencement of the negotiation,
the losses of 1814 were intended to be comprehend-
ed; that they were considered to have been so in-
cluded at the time by De Onis, whowrote (pending
the negotiation) to Pensaeola for a statement of the
losses; that the invasion and losses of 1818 did not
occur until after the article had been substantially
agreed upon, though not reduced to form; and chat
this construction of the treaty has been expressly
recognised by the legislation of Congress as the true
one.
The first projet of a treaty was submitted at Mad-
rid, by the Spanish cabinet, to Mr. Irving, the
American minister to that court, in a communi-
cation from Mr. Pizarro, dated August 17, 1817,
only two and a half years subsequent to the inva-
sion of West Florida. And it may as well here
be mentioned, as worthy to be borne in mind, that
the movements between the two nations for a set-
tlement of the existing causes of difference by treaty
commenced in the early part of the year 1816, but
little more than a year after the occurrences in that
province. In the" very first general conlerence
which took place between Mr. Irving and the Span-
ish cabinet minister, the invasion of West Florida,
and the damages occasioned by it, were dwelt upon
as one of the causes of complaint and difference.
The particulars of this conference will be found
detailed in an official communication from Mr. Ir-
ving to the Secretary of State, on file in the State
Department, but never printed. The very first
article in the first projet before referred to, has ref-
erence to this subject of indemnification, and is as
follows:
"1st. His Catholic Majesty and the United State*, carrying
into effect the convention which in pending since ihe year l$Oi,
oblige themselves to the reciprocal indemnification ol the loss-
es, injuries, and prejudices produced to the Government or sub-
jects of eitlier country, in consequence of excesses committed
by individuals of either nation, awinst the law of nations, or the
existing treaty; comprehending m this reciprocal obligation, not
only the epoch to which the said convention of 1802 refers, but
also indemnities for posterior excesses o! the same kind, com-
mitted by individuals of either nation, from such epoch till the
day in which the present convention shall be settled and
signed."
This proposition was virtually lor the extension
of the convention of 1803 to all posterior excesses
of a similar kind to those for which indemnifica-
tion was provided by that convention. And what
were the claims provided for by that convention?
They are described in the 3d article as follows:
"All claims, as well by the subjects of his Catholic Ma)esty,
as by the citizens of the United States of America, who may
have a right to demaBd com pensation for the losses, damages, or
injuries, sustained by them in consequence of the excesses com-
mitted by Spanish subjects, or American citizens."
Nothing can be more clear than that the losses
suffered by the inhabitants of West Florida, in con-
sequence of the excesses committed by the American
army, were comprehended in the description of
eases for which indemnity was proposed by the
Spanish cabinet in this first projet.
The negotiation was then transferred to Wash-
ington. And I propose to follow the course of it,
so far as the subject of indemnities was^ concerned.
The first reference to the subject is in the letter
of Mr. Adams to De Onis, dated January 6,1818,
in which he proposes, among other things, the fol-
lowing:
"The claims of indemnities for spoliations, whether Spanish
or French, within Spanish jurisdiction, arid for the suppression
ofthedepositeat New Orleans, to Re arbitrated and settled by
commissioners, in the manrtr agreed upon in the unratified
convention of 1802."
In a letter dated January 24, De Onis thus re-
plies:
"i now proceed to state the most obvious and essentia! difli-
cultieswhich render your three proposals for the settlementof
indemnities Inadmissible. I observe that, in speaking of them,
you only mention the indemnity for spoliations suffered by
American citizens, and omit that which is equally due to Span-
lards for spoliations committed on them by the citizens and au-
thorities of this republic, m violation of the law ot nations and
the existing treaty."
And, in a subsequent part of the letter, proposes
as follows:
"His Catholic Majesty to ratify the convention of 1802, and
both Governments to abideby the decision of the joint commis-
sion on the question of indemnities, classing as such those
which regdid American citizens, and the Crown and subjects
of his Catholic Majesty, for spoliations reciprocally committed
to the period of the said convention, and thereafter, to the date
of the confirmation of the adjustment by the joint commis-
sion."
And, in a letter of the 10th February, adds further:
"The question of indemnities can be atteuded with no diffi-
culty. Thp Spanish (xovftrnment has always been willing to
give due satisfaction for the losses and injuries sustained by cit-
izens of this republic, and committed by Spaniards, contrary to
the law of nations <md the existing treaty; but it cannot relin-
quish itsclaim to comprehend, in like manner, in the adjust-
ment of those losses and injuries, such as have been committed
by ciczens and authorities of this republic on the Crown and
subjects of ejpain, in violation of the sam« rizht and treaty
Your Government, sensible of the justice of ihis demand, can-
not/ail to accede to it."
On the 12th of March, Mr. Adams replies in the
following terras:
"With regard to the third of the suhjects of difference be-
tween Spam and the United States that lemain to be adjusted,
the claims of indemnification for injuries, losses, and dama?ea
suffered by American cinzens from Spanish authorities and
subjects, and within Spanish jurisdiction, I flatter myself, from
the tenor of your not'*, devoted particularly to the consideration
of this point, that it is not absolutely uifsuscepnble of being
brought 10 a favorable issue. You express the willingness oY
your Government to resume the uni aufied convention of 1802,
and to extend lis stipulation to the cases? of complaint of a sum.
lar character to those piovided for in it, which have since that
time accnied. K is undoutvedly the mteniion of this Govern-
ment that its engagements should be recipiocal; and, if this
was not expressly declared in mynoteofthe IGth of January, it
was merely because the President was not aware that any such
claims of (Spanish subjects for indemnities from the American
Government were in existence I am authorized 10 assure you
that there ill bo no difficulty in mrludinsany such as m.iy ex-
1st m the convention, ami in making the United States answer-
able for all indemnities which may be justly due by them."
Here the matter rested. The principles of the
convention of 1802, which was proposed by Mr.
Pizarro, in the first instance, as the basis of the
clause on indemnities, were adopted by De Onis
and Mr. Adams, with a reciprocal extension of its
application down to the date at which they were
treating. No further reference was made to the
ubject of indemnities, until long afterwards, when
the treaty was being thrown into form. Now, all
this had transpired prior to the invasion of Floiida
in 1818, which, it is alleged, was the only matter
of damage icferred to in the negotiation. The in-
vasion of 1814 had occur.ed but shortly before the
negotiation opened. It had been referred to as one
of the subjects of complaint, in the first confer-
ence between Mr. Pizarro and Mr. Irving. It was
stated by De Onis, in his memoir before referred
to, as one of the differences requiring adjustment
by a treaty. These circumstances strongly prove i
that at the time the subject of indemnities was j
discussed and substantially concludcd. upon, thp m- j
juries intended to be provided for were those j
which hail occurred priorto the invasion of 1818; 1
to wit—that of West Florida in 1814, provided for j
in the bill now under consideration; and those of
East Florida ia 1812 and 1813, provided for by the
act of 1834. This conclusion is rendered certain
by the circumstance, that directly after the occur-
rence of the invasion of 1814, De Onis had ad-
dressed to the Secretary of State an official pro-
tat against it, and a demand foi satisfaction; which
shows, that when he opened the negotiation, the
subject must have been impressed upon his mind; and
by the fuither circumstance, that, during the
negotiation, he wrote to the Governors of East and
West Florida for an official statement of the losses
suffered by the inhabitants in consequence of the
invasions' of 1812 and 1814; showing thus that he
regarded them as comprehended among the sub-
jects of the pending negotiation. The protest and
reclamation on account of the invasion of 18M
was under date of the 16th December, 1814. It
has never been printed or made public, nor does
it even seem to have been translated. I found it
in the State Department, in a volume of original
letters, after a troublesome search.
After the subject of indemnities had been thus
disposed of, and the correspondence had continued
in relation to boundaries and the French spolia-
tions, the invasion of Florida in 1818 by Jackson,
and other circumstances of disagreement, caused
a suspension of the negotiation at "Washington.
When it was again resumed, the proposed cession
of extensive territories; and the arrangement of
boundaries, led to a proposition for a mutual renun-
ciation of claims. The interposition of M. Hyde
de Neuville (the French minister) was employed
in reconciling the differences between the two ne-
goiiators as to the details of the treaty; and in the
paper furnished by him as a memorandum of the
history of his intervention, (to be found in the Amer-
ican State Papers, at page 621 of the 4th volume of
Foreign Relations,) the following facts appear in
reference to that part of the ninth article which
relates to the Florida claims. Mr. Adams had pro-
posed as follows:
"And the high contracting parties respectively renounce all
claims to indemnities for any of the recent events or transac-
tions of their respective commanders and officers in the Flor-
idas''
Mr. Hyde de Neuville says, in reference to the
above:
"To ihe above claim Mr. de Onis adds, that the United State#
will satisfy all the just claims which the inhabitants and Span-
ish officers of the Floridas may have upon them in consequence
of the damages they may have sustained by the operations and
proceedings of the American army, as is customary with the
citizens of the United States und* r similar circumstances."
To this reservation, Mr. Adams remarks:
"Agreed."
The matters referred to in this paper, prepared
by Mr. de Neuville, occurred on the 15th of Feb-
ruary, 1819. On the 16th, Mr. Adams received
from President Monroe authority to conclude the
treaty; and on the 22d the treaty was formally
signed by Mr. Adams and De Onis, in the shape
in which it now stands.
Nothing can be more evident tfcan that the ob-
ject of De Onis was to secure to those of the Span-
ish subjects who were about to become American
citizens, by the transfer of Florida, the indemnities
they were entitled to in consequence of the repeat-
ed invasions of those provinces which had occur-
red within the few preceding years; and that the
reference in his mind was to all the invasions.
At all events, it is evident that the condition and
the renunciation are co-extensive; that if the condi-
tion does not cover the losses of 1814, neither does the
renunciation; and that thev would, therefore, re-
main unrenounced, and valid as a yet existing ob-
ligation.
But the legislation of Congress has settled the
point, that the engagement to pay for injuries suf-
lered in Florida is not confined to the invasion of
1818, and that the decision of the Secretary of the
Treasury was erroneous.
The first legislation upon the subject was in.
1823. The act passed that year was entitled "An
act to ca.rry into effect the ninth article of live treaty
concluded between Spain and the United States on
the 22d of February, 1819." The first section di-
rected that the judgesof the superior courts at Pen-
saeola and St. Augustine should receive and adjust
all claims of the inhabitants, arising within their
respective jurisdictions, "agreeably to the provisions
of th". ninth article of lh.elica.ty with Spain." The
second section required the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to review those decisions, and to pay the
awards "on being satisfied that the same are just and
equitable within ihe provisions of the treaty." Two
things are lobe remarked in respect to this act—
that the execution of the ninth article was the evi-
dent and exclusive object; and that the ninth article
was considered to apply to other claims besides
those growing out of the invasion of 1818; for that
was confined to West Florida, while the act con-
templates claims "arising within the jurisdiction"
of the judge ot East Florida also,
Tinder this act, the judges of East and Wept
Florida received and adjudicated upon, claims ari-
sing out of the invasion of East Florida, under
Mathews, in 1812 and 1813; and the invasions of
West Florida, under Jackson, in 1814, and again
in 1818. The Secretary of the Treasury rejected
the claims of 1812 and '13, and of 1814, altogether,
upon the express ground that the provisions of the
treaty compi ehended, only the losses of 1818. Ap-
peal was made to Congress by the rejected suffer-
ers. The act of 1834 was passed as the sense of
Congress upon the subject. That act, in the first
section, directed the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay the amount awarded by the judge of the su-
perior court at St. Augustine, "under the authority
of ihe 16W chapter of the acts of ihe 17th Congress,
approved 3iI March, 1823, for losses occasioned in
East Florida by the troops in the service of the
United States, in the years 1812 and 1813, in all
cases where the decision of the said judge shall be
deemed, by the Secretary of the Treasury, to be
just." This section, decides the question that th<}
