176
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
F*eb. 184S ^
7th Cong** -3d Sess.
Assumption of State Debts—Mr. Gwin.
H. of Reps.
pay cff the debt at one cent to the dollar. This is
all riiht and fair, and perfectly honorable, ac-
cording to the gentleman's code of mom's. Bat
the.-e same Barings have some bonds issued in ihe
name of the State of Mississippi, for which she
received nothing; and she is dishonored because
s!)e does notassuue ihem.
I have a stronger case than ihis—ihis great Uni-
ion Bank itself bccamc a cotton br< ker, and ad-
vanced fifteen cents per pound to the planters for
their cotton, and shipped it to Baring & Brothers,
who advanced to the bank about naif that sum;
yet the cotton sold for leis than the amount ad-
vanced to tiie bank by the Barings, and the balance
is unpaid, the bank in.^olvent, and has assigned its
assets without providing for this debt; yet no one
complains of dishonesty or dishonor in this iransac
Hon, while the same Barings have advanced the
Bank of ihe United Siates money on hypothecated,
pretended Mis.-issippi bond-; and, according to the
gentleman's code of honesty and morality, t'ne
Sta'e is dishonored because she will not assume
the payment of these bonds, for which sh? received
i.othiHg—nom< reihsn she did ol the advances upon
the coitoa shipped by the Union Bank. The Gov-
ernment of Great Britain has repudiated forged
exchequer hills that had passed into the hands of
innocent holders; has repudiated a portion of her
national debt, by taxing the income of the holders
of ber bonds; yet she is not branded wiib dishonor
by our moralist^ here. Wagon-loads of continental
money, issued during the revolutionary war, the
Use ot which enabled our forefathers to acliirve
their independence; countless obligations <1' ihe
Slates, issued for va'ue i reived during the same
peri d, hace been rrpndiatid without a  tam upon
the national escu'ciieon; yet, because Missis-ippi
refuses in lecognise an unconstitutional debt, for
wbii-h she has received nothing, she i-; to bs ac-
cused of tarnishing that eseutcheon. Nations ?,ll
over the c.iviiizi d world have repudiated bona fide
debt=, without ihe charge ot dishorn,i; while ue are
to be singUdout as being disgraced because  e
will not pay a debt noi our o«n,in e. .ntracting which
we did not receive valneto the amount of a red cent.
I look upon this pretended horror ol Mississippi
repudiation a'; hypocritical as it is invuliirnr. The
fund-mongers and advocates of the banking, bond-
ing, and papi-r-Aioney systems in this routMy and
Europe, and their agents h' re, are hallowing a^ains)
repudiation, to draw public attention from their
own inlamons scVmcs of swindling1. We have
been taunted by (bete men who live on the labor
of others, through the machinery of die banking
and paper money system, mm! the Robespietre of
the Harrison administration, [Mr. Granger,]
who was as fond of cubing off heads politically as
that monster was in reality, has ventured to lec-
ture my colleague for pioposmg to bring down the
expenses ol the C-n-crriment to i!s current revenue.
The gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Granger,]
in hi« peculiar manner, which he always assumes
when he purposes to say someihin;; winy or
severe, leimnded my colle.igue that it was un-
necessary lor hun to advocatc retrenchment,
as our d'bts conld be repudiated under the
new doctrine, if ihey bic.ine tioublesome.
He thought he had touched my colleague on a
tender point; bat, tike ihe blind rjttli-snike in
August, h  siruck his fangs into hit own politically
coirupt body, No man in ill's House is a more
zealous advocate of (lie repudiation of hones', buna
fide debt«, undsr the bankrupt ia«*, than be is
We ail lecollect his valedictory, when this House
was about repealing that law Yet he has the
audacity, in the face of the tl-iuce, to sneer at re-
pudiation. It was like the devil reproving sin, or
a prostitute lecturing on virtue and morality, I
will submit to thirs mode of attack upon my State
no longer. If gentlemen will travel out of the leg-
ular order of debate to attack us, ihey must exppct
to be met wi'h a spirit becoming the Representa-
tives of a people whom neither the scoffs of the
corrup', n<>r the frown; of power, can turn from
their purpose, in defending their constitution and
laws from violation.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
points to th>* fate ot China, arid wains us to
avoid a similar one, by getting into a war
wuh Great Britain. I recollect he, in a pub-
lic address, put England in the right and China in
the wrong in that war, as he intends to do this coun-
try, if we have war because we will not assume
the State debts. He appears to be on the British
side in argument, if he is not in feeling. I do not
desire war with Great Britain, or any other nation;
but the dread of it shall not force me to advocate
the assumption ot State debts, in violation of the
Constitution of my country. My constituents pre-
fer war, if the other alternative is as-umption.
We have a deeper interestj in peace and com-
mercial intercourse with Great Britain than any
State in the Un on, as we export more to that coun-
try than any other Stat'; yet we will forego all of
these advantages of peace, rather than sanction an
invasion of our fundamental law. I despise the
truckling spirit that is m?nifesting itself in this
country to the power of Great Britain. We can
expect no permanent peace by acting thus I
would prefer, in the language of the gen'leman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] to s!ap John Bull in
the face, to quailing before his power. We will
gain his iespect, and a more permanent peace, by
this course.
<£he gentleman from Massachusetts has great
fears of the English Paixhan guns, and supp"ses
many cases to bring them to the bombard-
ment of Natchez I will answer him by suppo-
sing that subjects of Great Britain call on their
Government to defend ihem against the operations
of the ex post facto bankrupt law, wh>ch has de-
ft.iudr.d them out of immense amounts ot their debts
in ihi  country—bona fide Aebls—for which full val-
ue had been received before the passage of tbe law.
That Government, through its minister here, asks
for redress. Our President and Secretary ol State
return no answer. The potent argument of th,>
Paixh.-.n gun is brought to bear with a flaet of war
steamers upon the city of Boston, demanding the
British deb s repudiated there under the opeiauon
of the bankrupt law. What is to be done? Why,
according to Ihe reasoning of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, the horrors of war must be avoid-
ed, and this Government must assume these debts
and get clear of the Paixhan guns. I have no such
fears of war or Paixhan guns, ai to induce me to
sanction a violation oi the Constitution, to awn'd
the one or get cle.ir of the other. On the subject
of assumption, I may have something to say here-
after. My only object m addressing the House
now, has been to defsiid my S'ate from the unjust
imputations that have been cast upon it.
in reply, Mr, Granger of New York ,*aid that
he had been charged on this floor with having
unjus ly .stated that the State of Mississippi, hav-
ing recei/ed five millions of dollars for slock in
Ihe Union Bank of Mississippi, had become a
stockholder in that institution, and then repudiated,
or attempted to repudiate, that debt. What he had
stated wa^ this, and he was rcaly to prove it; the
documents were before him. He had stated, or
intended to sta'e, thai undenhs laws of Mississippi
the Govt-rnor of the Slate had been authorized to
sign $15,500,000 of bonds for the Union Bank;
that h* had been authorized to subscribe §5 000,000
stock for the Union Ban!-; that he had so sub-
scnbed, and hid signed this §5,000,000 of bond?;
that this $5,000 000 of bonds sold for $5,0§0 000;
that the money was put into the Union Bank, and
became its capital.
Mr. Gwrn (M.r. Granger yielding thefloo,-) said
th.it the Ui.ion B.uik of Mississippi had issued
post-notes, which, from the date oi their issuance,
had been belo'-vpnr, and had sold her checks on the
Ba'ik of the United States, receivable in ihis irre-
deernable depreciated money. That was the way
the bonds had been so.d for par. They had been sold
under par, (if gold and silver constituted the
standard,) and on credit, which was a violation of
the unconstitutional supplement under which the
bonds wore issued.
Mr. Granger would explain this, matter. He
had not assailed the conduct of the Chief Magis-
trate of this State, or intended any personal dis-
re.-pect to him; but he had not made the assertions
he bad made without the proof before htm.
What was the condition of the chRrter of the
Union Bank? It had been created in January,
1838. This supplemental act, which had bpen de-
clared contrary to good faith, tut which was signed
by Governor McNutt, had been passed on tbe 8th
of February of the same year. Tbe gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Gwin] had told them the
other day that these laws had been passed by an
undivided Whig vo'e, with the votes of a few of
the "Democrats." Mr. Granger understood that
there was no txception tiken to the original char-
ter, bat to the supplemental act. Who voted for
the supplemental act? a-.;ked Mr. G. They would
find, by reference to the records, that it passed by
a vote of fourteen Whigs and thirty-six "Demo-
crats." He kAew not how many Whigs or how
many "Democrats" there were in the Legislature
of Mississippi; bat he did know that, of the fifty
votes that parsed the supplemental get, against a
rciinori'y ot something like thirty, fourteen only
were Whigs, and thirty-six were " Democrats."
Let the question, then, be settled as to who passed
this "infamous" supplemental law.
What was next? Governor McNutt, on the
spot, and well knowing every fact of the case,
sigted the law. What next? Governor McNutt,
undir that "infamous" law, signed the $5,000,000
of bonds. The morfey was received, and the
avails of this $5,000 000 of bonds went into the
Union Bank of Mi-sissippi, and constituted its
only capital. And how did they treat that insti-
tution? He would tell Ihem how. They recog-
nised it as a bank; the State transacted business
with it as a bank; ibey dec'ared by law that the
dividends received on thjit $5,000,000 of stock
should go to die ciuse of internal improvements
and of public education. On the 15th of February,.
18.19, the State of Mississippi borrowed $75,000
of ihat bank; on the 19t!i of February it borrowed
$75,000 more,and sttbsequen'ly $25,000mcreto fin-
ish her public buildings. And before all these trans-
actions, and after signing these bonds, and after
the bonds had gone into operation, the'State ofMis-
sissippi, which ludsold city lots in Jackson, and
taken promissory notes for them to the amount of
$25,106, went to the Union Bank of Mississippi,
and had them discounted as a commercial transac-
tion, and put the money into her treasury. Was he
to b« told, in the face of all these fact, that the State
of Mi-sisjippi had had nothing to do with that bank?
The gentleman had said that the bondholders
could be paid from the assets of the bank. Let
tbem see what those assets were, as presented by
the gmlleman'a own witness arid friend, Governor
McNutt. He held ihe statement in his hand. Let
thera see whether he had ever declared what he
could riot substantiate—that the §5,000,000 put in-
to ihe bank from these bends was the only capital
the bank had ever had.
As late as January, 1840, Governor McNutt, in
his regular message, says "ihe faith of the State is
pledged for the whole capital stock" of this bank;
and the statement of the bank's affairs, as given
by ihis same Governor, io fe s message of January,
1841, is as follows:
Suspended debt in suit . $2,689,860 SO
Do not in suit , 1,777,337 78
Re^ouices,chiefly unavailable, 8,034,154 28
Immed'ate liabilities     3,034,154 28
Capital stock . . 5.080,000 00
Specie on hand . . 4,349 06
What a beautiful condi'irn for bondholders! said
Mr. G.
Mr. Gwisr (Mr. Gkanger yielding the floor)
said there were ten and a halt millions of real es-
tate mortgaged, to which he h.-.d alluded when he
had said that the assets would probably pay the
debt, if tvip property mortgaged was liable.
Mr. Granger. He would come to that. The
gentleman had said, m replv to bis question, there
were $!0 500,000 more. Now let them see what
th-°se #10,500,000 were; for this was to become a
very interesting question in the history of this na-
tion.
There were $10,500,000 more to be secured on
bonds sn-l mottgages, as the gentleman said; and
he knew it was still an open question whether it
should be paid. The gentleman would certainly
agree with him, that not one dollar had ever been
paid. Governor McNutt, before the Legislature
of Mississippi, when urged by Mr. Turner to gopn
