T
Feb. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE,
179
27th Cokg-'--3d Skss.
Jlssumptiori of Slate Debts—Mr. J, Thompson.
H. of Reps.
sorbing at every revolution the profits of the in-
dustry of the mass, and asgregates them fer the
few; the quantity is not diminished, but it has the
capacity of being almost indefinitely enlarged.
Tfee debt of Aus'ria is <£80.000,000, or near
$400,000,000; and her revenues the last sear were
insufficient to meet the demands upon her treasury.
Fraueeowes <£191,893,053, or near $1,000,000,000;
and her income is inadequate to her waub, and
she is in search of new objects of taxation. Hol-
land owes <£100,000,000; Denmark, £16,000,000;
Prussia, .£29,000,000; Naples, .£20,000,000, Rus-
sia owes <£50,000.000, or near $250,000,000; and
Spam acknowledges a debt ot .£39,600,000, and
she has <£202,030,000 which she repudiates. But it
is all the same; she pays none, and can pay none.
Portugal'^ debt is <£19,086,122, and she is unable
to pay anything, and %he tas suspended. But it
is cruel to lurn to the South American Govern-
ments; they haye all suspended, except the Brazils,
■whose debt is <£15,500,000; and they are now en-
joying all the p osperity of an expanded paper
system, wh.eh will soon burst, and involve the
Government in rum and bankruptcy.
From this cursory review of the debts of ca-
tions, it is appaient that their debts can never be
paid: and if it be conceded (which I do noil, be-
cause the revenue in each one of the abovenamed
nations, so far as 1 am advised, is now short of
the accruing demands upon their treasury) that
the mieiest on this stupendous mass of indebted-
ness will be met, yet generation after generation
Will be curs d with its weigh!—will be born with
this pack-saddle on their backs, to be rode and spur-
red, and driven by the fundmongers and stockjob-
bers of the world. 1 am further persuaded, in
my own mini, ihat the debts of many of the States
cannot, and will never, be pai 1. But shall we de-
sert our country in that event? Shall we desert it
as a den of thieves and swindlers? Withered be
ibe heart that could conceive such a thought; blis-
tered be the tongue that could utter such a senti-
ment. In that event, what will become of the gen-
tleman from New York? [Mr. Granger.] Which
way will he go? To Texa-? Why, she has twice
repudiated. Moreover, the slave owners might
give the gentleman too warm a reception m that
quarter. To Mexico? She is bankrupt, and has
attempted to repudiate her honest de'its. To Eng-
land, the arrfgant tone of whose citizecs the gen-
tleman has attempted to reflect on this floor?—to
England, the great highway robber of ihe world?—
to England, where he could join the hypocritical
abolitionists in oppressing and aggrieving outraged
Ireland?—to England, wheie 26,000,000 of pre-
tended freemen e.re laboring and toiling by day,
and shivering with cold and hunger, poverty and
■ distress, by ir'ght, to pay the interest on her public
debt, owned by 289,751 lords and proprietors of
the country—a debt conirAced in fraud, and per-
petuated in th« blood of her people—a debt which
is so grinding the face of ihe great laboring mass,
as will soon render their sufferings intolerable? Sir,
England—exacting and purse-proud England—is
the very mother of repudiation. The ins'ances in
her history are too numerous for me now to enu-
merate, I pass by her frequent depreciation of Ihe
current coin of the kingdom; thereby defrauding
her public creditors of the difference. I pass by Ihe
■unprincipled robbery of Ou- depositors of their
mon>-y in the exchequer, in the reiga of Charles
II, on the faith of ihe Government; by which thou-
sands were directly or indirectly ruined. But the
very founda'ion of her present debt is an enormous
fraud. The Government borrowed $1,323,526, at
8 per cent., pledging her faith for its redemption; to
be spent, I believe, m part, for her navy.
The Government soon suspended payment for
one "year, then indefinitely; the public creditors
were involved in ruin; they brought suit m the
courts, and, after twelve year:, obtained judgment.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer overruled the
I courts, and, on an appeal to the House of Lords,
they reversed the decision of ihe Chancellor of the
Exchequer. The debt, by this time, amounted to
■£3,428,526 Parliament, at this s'age, took it in
hand, after a lapse ot twenty-five years, and, l y
statute, declared the creditors should receive only
3 per qept, on the principal, and that the principal
could be adeemed with one-half. Thus, a d.- In ot
$17,000 000, at 8 per cent., was redafii-d to $3,000,-
000, at 3 per cent. Hume speaks of it tbuss' "It
wava for;eiture of public credit, aud an open vio-
lation of the most solemn engagements, both for-
eign and domestic."
In Ihe Long Parliament, the church lands were
seized and disposed of. The money arising there-
from was appropriated by the Government. After-
wards, the lands were restored to the church; but
the money received was most unjustly retained.
Again, in 1797, the Government forced the Dank
to su. pend fpecie payment; and not long after, Par-
liament adopted this resolution: "That the notes of
the Bai.k of England have been, and are at this
time, held in public estimation equivalent to the
legal coin of the same value, and generally accepted
as such in all pecuniary transactions to which such
coin is lawfully applicable." At that very time
bank notes were 10 per cent, below par. Parlia-
ment, therefore, declared a falsehood; and thpy fol-
lowed it up by passing a law, which punished with
fine and imprisonment all persons who received it,
<5r paid it away, for lesa than its par value. The
bank no'es afterwards depreciated 20, 30, 40, and,
at one time, to 41 percent. All public cieditors
were required to receive,this depreciated paper, un-
der heavy penalties for refusal; and the compula-
tion that, on the debt contracted before 1800, she
gained (and of course creditors lost) by their pay-
ment oi denreeiaied paper <£37,000,000, er #137,-
000,000. This was a very pretty financial opeia-
tion. If Mississippi wtre allowed to pay her debt
in the depreciated bank paper of that State, she
would *oon be vastly ea?.y on that score.
With these facts staring tbem in the face, does
it not require a large share of Christian forbear-
ance to hear Englishmen talk of the good faith and
bad iaith of nation.'? And how co.nemptible and
humiliating it is to find an American citizen join-
ing m the cry, and speaking of American bad faith
and American dishonor, whose whole history pre-
sents the fairest page of any nation on earth on
this subject! Bat if a man do not claim the rights
and respect due to a gentleman, the world will not
accord them to him: so it is with a nation. And it
is due to England to say, ihat, when she robs and
swindles, she does it boldly, by a statute, which
receives the sanction of his most gracious Majesty,
on whose vast empire, it is boastingly said, the sun
never sets.
Suppose the gentleman should go to France:
will he ihen have reached a soil which has never
been stained with the damnable sin of repudiation?
It was here (as Sir Walter Scott has it) "that ihe
depreciated assignats were raised to par by guillo-
tining those who sold or bought them for less than
their full vilue." The livre current contains less
than one sixty-sixth part of the coin it did in former
times.
In 1797, the debt of Fiance was $966,000,000;
but, in order to continue the invasion of Germany
aud Italy, ihe army requiied $56,000,000; and it
became necessary to make a decisive movement
with the revenue of the Government; and this ex-
pedient was fallen upon: Two-thirds of the public
debt—amounting to $644,000,000—was struck off,
without anj notice to the fund-holder, and wilhout
any excuse, save the wants of the army; leaving
a public debt of only $322,000,000. Here is a
flagrant and most outrageous repudialion of an
amount more than double the whole indebtedness
of the United Slates. Although this must be an
acknowledged wrong, yet I like the spirit which
promp's this jus'ification by the French historian,
M. Thiers: "Measures of this nature inflict, like
revolutions much individual hardship; but people
inust submit to them when they have become inevit-
able." Tne spirit which actuated the French his-
torian in defending his country, forms a s'riking
contrast to that evinced by the gentleman from
New York.
Will the gentleman go to Spain? The require-
ments of her lfea*ury this year are about $60,000,-
000. She has strained her taxing powers to the ut-
most, and the expectation i<s that the revenue will
not exceed $40,000,000; and it is suggested that a
proposition will be made to borrow money from the
Shyioeks of England, and allow the duties upon
imports to be collected in English ports. But
Spam is hopelessly bankrupt. It is no better with
Austria and Holland, although, by heavy exertion,
they continue to pay; but they have both twice re-
pudiated heavy amounts. Where, iheB, will the
gentleman go? To Portugal, Greece, Colombia,
Buenos Ayres, Chili, Peru? They are all bank-
rupt. Where will he go? I judge it would suit
him best to ingratiate himself wi'h the Ottoman
Porte. There he will find many a bright eye and
ruddy cheek, and, in the opinion of my friend from
Illinois, the gentleman excels in the parlor and
drawing-room.
Now let us return to our own coOTtry. And
how does she stand in history in regard '© her own
indebtedness.? It is well known ihat, during the
revolutionary war, Congress ordered to be issued,
on the faith of the Government, $200,000,000 of
•what are called continental bills.* I learn from the
Treasury Department, however, that $240,000,000
were de facto issued; and the last act in the drama
is thus graphically drawn by Mr. Jefferson:
"It continued to circulate and depreciate till the endofl780
when it had fallen to 75 for 1; and the money circulated from
the French army being by that lime sensible in all the State®
noith of the Potomac, the paper ceased us circulation altogether
in those States. In Virginia and North Carolina, it continued a
year longer; within which time it fell to 1,000 for 1, and thea
expired, as it had done in the other States, without a single
groan. Not a murmur was heard, on this occasion, among the
people. On the contrary, universal congratulations took place
on their seeing this gigantic mass, whosedissolution had threat-
ened convulsions which should shake their infant confederacy
to its centre, quietly interred in its grave. Foreigners, indeed,
who do not, like the natives, feel indulgence for its memory, a 
of a being which has vindicated their liberties, and fallen m the
moment of victory, have been loud, and still are loud, m their
complaints. A few of them have reason; hut the most noisy of
them are not the best ©f them. They are persons ivho have
become bankrupt by unskilful attempts at commerce with
America That they may have some pretext to offer to their
creditors, they have bought up great masses of this dead money
m America, where it is to be had at 5,0U0 for 1; and they
show the certificates of their paper possessions, as if they had all
died in their hands, and had been the cause of their bankrupt'
cy."
This was not a dishonorable repudiation. Oh no!
Bat here was a most sacred debt left unprovided
for. I cast no censure upon our ancestors or our-
selves for failing to redeem ihe national faith. It
has all turned out right.
But again. The States issued $200,000,000 of
bills of credit, as Mr. Jefferson estimates it; and
what became of all ihat vast amount? Have the
glorious Old Thirteen ever paid all their debu? If
so, when? and how? Did Virginia, North Caroli-
na, Maryland, Pennsylvania, or Massachusetts
ever discharge their debts, for the payment of
which they pledged their faith"? Not a dollar, so
far as I know and believe, was ever redeemed.
And shall we put down all these revolutionary
States a: dishonored repudiators, for refusing to
pay their honest debtb? Not at all. They did
right. Mr. Jefferson explains it in this way:
"Every one through whose hands a bill passed, lost on that
bill what it lost in value during the time it was in his hands.
This was a real tax on him." * * * "A mode of taxation
the most oppressive of all, because the most unequal of all."
Here is a history in advance of many of the
State debts. Such is my candid opinion.
Bat, for the benefit of some of those who try to
echo foreign sentiment and feeling cri this floor, I.
wish to read another extract from Mr. Jefferson's
letter to Mr. A. Stewart, written in Paris in 1786.
"American reputation in Europe is not such as to be flatter-
ing to its citizens. Two circumstances are particularly object-
ed to us* the non payment of our debts, and the want of energy
m our Government. These discourage a connexion with us. i
own it to be my opinion that °;ood will arise from the destruc-
tion of our credit. I see nothing else which can restrain our
disposition to luxury, and to the change of tfoose manners
which alone can preserve republican government."
Here you find the sentiment and feeling of a
Republican and a patriot. All this was done "by
the most glorious class of politicians that ever
lived. And suppose, in those 'days, a member of
the American Congress had attempted to rise in
his place and cast obloquy upon any member of
this confederacy for refusing to provide for the pay-
men; of her honest debt*, for which she had pledg-
ed her faith; the murmurs of discontent, if not
* Note.—Since the delivery of this speech, I find, by refer-
ring to rhe appendix to Mr. Incersoi.l's speech on the fijpral
bank bill, that three hundred and sixty millions of dollars of con-
tinental money was issued as early as the year 1778, which was
never redeemed I wish this appendix could b§ read by every
freeman in the United States.
