m
APPENDIX TO THP CONGRESSTONAT, GLOBS.
Jan. 184S.
•27th C6kg- — 3d Sess.
The, Exchequer—Mr. Pendleton.
H. of Reps.
law, passed either before or subsequent to the 4th
of March, and which might be both retrospective
and prospective in its operation.
The examples to which he had alluded bore, he
thought, a strong analogy to the objects of the bill
under consideration, so far as the question of con-
stitutional power was involved. There was, how-
ever, an important difference on the score of justice;
for, while it was difficult to suppose that violations
of the revenue could be involuntarily attempted, we
knew that in two of the States the elections had
taken place under circumstances in which the peo-
ple have had no opportunity of conforming to the
law the operation of which he proposed to suspend,
so far as the elections for the next Congress were
concerned. In a third State, the same thing would
occur.
Mr. C. requested gentlemen to mark the broad
distinction between ex post facto and retrospective
laws. Ex post facto laws were necessarily retro-
spective, but retrospective laws were not necessarily
ex post facto; and while it was a direct and palpa-
ble violation of the Constitution to pass the one,
sound policy, substantial justice, and the public
good frequently required the other.
In support of his views, Mr. C. quoted, from Dal-
las's Reports, the opinions of Justices Chase, Iredel,
&c., in delivering the opinion of the court, seriatim;
and, to show the operation of a repealed law on
penalties incurred under it while existing, he quoted
from the opinions of Chief Justice Marshall, and from
the report of the Committee of Elections, to which
the bill under consideration had been referred, and
by which it had been reported back to the House.
In conclusion, he again urged the passage of the
bill, and reiterated his conviction of the benefits that
would result from its adoption.
REMARKS OF MR. PENDLETON,
of ohio.
In the House of Representatives, January 27,1843—
On the several plans of exchequer.
Mr. Speaker : Some weeks since, the gentleman
from Indiana f Mr. Proffit] told the House that,
while at Cincinnati, on his way to Washington, he
was informed that petitions in favor of the exche-
quer, in that city alone, had received five thousand
signatures. I presume I have received all these
petitions—some in favor of the Executive plan,
others in favor of the congressional plan; though
the advocates of the latter are few, very few, in
comparison with those of the former. The gen-
tleman who brought these petitions to Washington
informed me that they contained about twelve hun-
dred names. Be that as it may, I recognise among
them many of my personal friends of both politi-
cal parties, whose opinions and wishes are entitled
to receive from me the most respectful considera-
tion. Shortly to retire from public life, to renew
my associations with these petitioners—an asso-
ciation (I trust I may say it without offence) much
more agreeable to my taste and habits than any-
thing 1 have met with here—1 could no! but be
most anxious to bring myself to think with (hem—
to reconcile a vote in accordance with their wishes,
to the paramount duty I owe to my country and its
Constitution. Before I can give this vote, however,
1 feel I am obliged to lemove out of my way the
report of the Committee of Ways and Means upon
the treasury exchequer; for I do riot suppose thai
those of my constituents who have joined in these
petitions expected that I would adopt their sugges-
iions without reflection, or support them against
the deliberate and well-matured convictions of mv
own judgment. The report of the Committee of
Ways and Means reviewed the exchequer schemes,
not only as measures of finance, but as sources ot
Executive power and patronage, and set forth the
objections to them in both characters. Should I
now vote for these schemes, or either of them,
without being able to remove these objections,
these petitioners, (or many of them, at all events,)
I well know, would scorn the facility of my com-
pliance. I am acting, too, under very different re-
sponsibilities from those which rested upon my
constituents when they signed these memorials
some, because they approved the plans—some, per-
haps, to get rid of importunate solicitation. The
objections to which j have referred, I approached
with every disposition to remove them. The ar-
gument in-which they are contained, X-examined
with every disposition to refute it, I frankly con-
fess I have been able to do neither the one nor the
other. Thus baffled, 1 was willing to attribute my
failure, not to the impregnable position of the re-
port, but to the weakness of the assailant. Having
since found, however, that both the gentlemen
from Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing and Mr. Win-
throp] have failed in similar attempts, I gained
comfort in my own defeat, and confidence in my
own conclusion.
The several reports now in the consideration of
the House present three plans of finance and
currency;
1. Sub-treasury.
2. The exchequer proposed by the select com-
mittee.
3. The exchequer recommended by the Presi-
dent
There is a fourth plan—a bank of the United
States—which, to be sure, is not now before the
House, but to which it may be proper to al-
lude, as, in case of the rejection of these three,
it is the only alternative. I say the only al-
ternative; for, although the time was, (and that
not very long since,) when parts of this hall would
have resounded with praises of a fifth plan, yet we
arc told, in the minority report, by the gentlemen
from South Carolina and New Hampshire, [Messrs.
Pio&ns and Athf.rton,] "No one contends for the
State bank system." And is it so, sir"? Have we
this acknowledgment from that quarter1? What!
not one, of all its friends—not one"? But yester-
day, and this league of confederated banks—the
pride and refuge of the Democracy—might have
stood against the world; now, none so poor to do it
reverence. We cannot but recollect that such
things were. Let me remind gentlemen that, a
short time since, such a declaration would have
subjected them, as it subjected us, to the fiercest in-
vectives oftheir political friends.
The deposites were removed from the Bank of
the United States in the summer of 1833; and in
his message of that year (the first of his second
term) General Jackson said:
"I am happy to know that, through the good
sense of our people, the effort to get up a panic has
hitherto failed; and that, through the increased ac-
commodations which the State banks have been
enabled to afford, no public distress has followed
the exertions ol'the bank."
In his second annual message of December,
1834, General Jackson remarks:
"Happily it is alreadv illustrated that the agency
of such an institution (Bank of the United Slates) is
not necessary to the fiscal operations of the Gov-
ernment: the State banks are found fully adequate
to the performance of all services which were re-
quired of the Bank of the United States, quite as
promptly, and with the same cheapness. They
have maintained themselves and discharged all
their duties while the Bank of the United States
was still powerful, and in the field as an open
enemy; and it is not possible to conceive that they
will find greater difficulties in their operations when
that enemy shall cease to exist."
The third message, of December, 1835, -contains
the following strong language:
"Bv the use of the Stale banks, which do not de-
rive .their authoiity from the General Government,
and are not controlled by its authority, it is asce-i-
tained that the moneys of the United Slates can be
collected and disbursed without loss or inconve-
nience, and that all the wants of the community in
relation to exchange and currency are supplied as
well as they ever have been before "
Of the State banks, General Jackson, in his last
message in 1836, after a tnal of between three
and four years, speaks in the following decisive
manner:
"Experience continues to realize the expectations
entertained as to the capacity of the State banks
to perform the duties of fecal" agents of the Gov-
ernment. Atthe time ofthetemoval of thedeposites,
it was alleged by the advocates of the Bank of the
United States that the State banks, whatever might
be the regulations of the Treasury Department,
could not make the transfers required by the Gov-
ernment, or negotiate the domestic exchanges of
the couniry. It is now well ascertained that the real
domestic exchanges, performed through discounts
by the United States Bank and its twenty-five
branches, were at least one-third less than those
of the deposite banks for an equal period of time;
and if a comparison be instituted between the
amounts of service rendered by these institutions
on the broader basis which has been used by the
advocates of the United States Bank, in estimating
what they consider the domestic exchanges transact-
ed by it, the result will he still more favorable to the
deposite banks."
After stating the large amounts of public money
which had been transferred and paid by the de-
posite banks, the message adds:
"These enormous sums of money first mentioned
have been transferred with the greatest prompti-
tude and regularity; and the rates at which the
exchanges have been negotiated previously to the
passage of the deposite act, were generally below
those charged by the Bank of the United States.
Independent of these services, which are far greater
than those rendered by the United States Bank and
its twenty-five branches, a number of the deposite
banks have, with a commendable zeal to aid in the
improvement of the currency, imported from
abroad, at their own expense, large sums of the
precious metals for coinage and circulation."
You will observe, sir, there is nothing hypotheti-
cal in this language. It is not supposed, or conjec-
tured, of'anticipated. No; "it is ascertained"—
"well ascertained;" after three years' trial, "expe-
rience continues to realize" the capacity of the State
banks to accomplish all that was expected from,
them. This same language was held by the whole
party, through the columns of their papers, and in
both Houses of Congress. Why, then, does no one
contend for this vaunted State-bank system now 1
Because it has failed. And did we not tell you it
would fail"! Did you not call us panic-makersl
And did not you tell us then, as the gentleman from.
Massachusetts [Mr. Cushing] tells us now, that the
idea of a Bank of the United States was an explo-
ded bank fallacy1? This system, at all events, was
your system. You lauded it to the skies. It -was
not possible it should fail; and when your present
equally infallible expedient was first suggested,
were we not told by authority, which you seldom
ventured to question, "that it was against the genius
of our free institutions to lock up in vaults the
treasure of the nation1?" "No one contends for the
State-bank system now;" and yet, with this ac-
knowledgment upon your lips oi the entire failure
ot your first infallible plan, you ask us, upon no
better authority, to take your' second plan. I lack
faith, gentlemen. When your sub-treasury shall
be reinstated, if you ever have the power to rein-
state it, (which, let me say, depends upon more
than your getting a majority in Congress,) and
shall have been in operation as long as your State-
bank system has been, we shall hear from some
subsequent committee, claiming infallibility for a
new project, "no one contends for the sub-treasury
now."
We have recently had on this floor a somewhat
curious illustration of modern democracy. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. McKbon,] while
he praised the liberal use of the veto power by
the President, rejected, in the name of his party,
the supposed advances of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Gushing,] because Mr. Ty-
ler had approved and signed the bill repealing the
sub treasury law. The people had decreed this
repeal; yet the Democracy cannot forgive the
President for enforcing their decree. They praise
him fot disappointing the expectations of the peo-
ple, and only censure him when he complies with
them. This sub-trensurv scheme was four times
urged bv Mr. Van Buren upon Congress, and
thrice rejected; nor did it icceive their reluctant
assent until the • 1th of July, 1840. The bill signed
on that glorious day, we all recollect, was trumpet-
ed throughout the land as a second declaration of
independence; and yet, within four short months,
the measure and its authorwere rejected togetberbv
the people of the United States, by overwhelming
majorities.
Assuming, then, the sub treasury to be lying un-
der this condemnation, let us compare with it the
plan of an exchequer rccommcnded by the special
committee.
The sub-treasury provides simply a fiscal agent
to keep and disburse the public money.
The exchequer proposes to do the same thing-,
and substantially in the same way. In addition to
this, the exchequer provides for a national paper
currency.
The gentleman'from Massachusetts, [Mr. Case-
