hrt> 1843:
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27th Con<j".-3d Sess.
J 83
The Excheqaer—Mr, Pendleton.
H. of Reps
1NG,] in his speech the other day, said that a bank
of the United States was wished by its advocates,
-"not fiom a desire that they might obtain loans,
for there was already too much bank capital in the
country, and facility enough to obtain loans;" and
yet, but the moment before, the gentleman had as-
serted that "there existed now no- bank of the
United States, and very few specie-paymg banks
of any sort." The great error of the gentleman's
whole argument is this assumption, that "there are
facilities enough to make loans." This is not the
case—at all events, in Ohio. Our want is capital.
We want, through the facilities of well regulated
specie-paying banks, to be able to develop the great
resources of our State, to get our produce to mar-
ket, and anticipate the results of all our labor. This
is our want—our only want. We have a hardy,
enterprising, intelligent, industrious population of
1,800.000 souls, spread over a region of unexampled
fer-tilitj'—one frontier resting on the Ohio, the other
on the lake, intersected in every direction by large
and numerous rivers, and crowned with a temper-
ate and healthy climate. With all these blessings of
a beneficent Providence showered upon us in in-
exhaustible profusion, what more can we want to
be prosperous and happy1? We want that very
thing which, it is the boast of the gentleman, his
exchequer will not and cannot give us—the facility
of making temporary loans, to be repaid out of the
sales of the produce of our farms and the manufac-
tures of our shops. This facility was afforded us
in the olden time by the Bank of the United States,
through its branch at Cincinnati.
With the proceeds of a discounted note, the mer-
chant purchased of the farmer his pork, flour, and
other produce. While the note was running to ma-
turity, these articles which it had purchased were
shipped to market; when at maturity, the note was
taken upby a bill of exchange for the amount of the
sales of these same articles. This bill the bank dis-
posed of to the importing merchant, at J to -i per
cent.; wbo.was thus enabled to pay hisEastern and
foreign debts. Under this circulation, originally
set in motion by judicious credit, all the channels of
business .were full; every interest flourished. The
merchant, farmer, manufacturer, carrier, bank—
all received fair and remunerating prices; all was
activity; all was joy. Sir, X have not the heart to
turn to the present sad reverse of this happy pic-
ture. Although, thank God, we are not quite dead,
yet the Spanish epitaph may well apply to us .
"We were well'—
We would be better:
We took physic—
Here we lie."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I wish to compare these two
measures—the sub-treasury and the exchequer—
with a view to their several effects upon the curren-
cy. The sub-treasury provides, that after the 30th
day of June, 1843, alf payments to the United States
shall be made in gold and silver; and the exche-
quer provides that these payments shall be made
in—1st, gold and silver com; -2d, certificates of de-
posites, public and private; 3d, treasury notes; and
4th,notes of specie-paying banks. Let us see if
there be any material difference between the two.
The first medium of payment, gold and silver coin,
is the same in both. By the fifth section of the bill,
it is made lawful for the exchequer and its agen-
cies, wherever established, to receive on deposite
gold and silver coin, and bullion, the property of
individuals, not exceeding in amount ten millions
of dollars, and to give certificates of such deposite.
The board of exchequer and us agencies are also
authorized and directed, in all cases where the pub-
lic creditors may prefer the same, to issue to them
certificates of deposite for the amount of debts due
to them by the United .States; the amount of which
certificates shall not exceed ten millions of dol-
lars. Power is also conferred upon the proper offi-
cers of the mint, and branch mints, to issue like
certificates for the amount of all deposites of bul-
lion, &c. for coinage. All these certificates are re-
deemable, on presentation, at the office, agency, or
mint where issued.
Now, sir, notwithstanding all this parade and
promise, a very superficial examination will show
that this whole scheme is a mere substitution of a
paperfor a metallic currency, and addsnot one cent
to the amount of the circulation. Observe that
all these certificates, whether public or private, by
whomsoever given, represent gold and silver coin
and bullion. So far as they represent the first, they
add nothing to the circulation; for the goldsand
silver coin must first be withdrawn before the cer-
tificate can get into circulation; and the coin can
only again occupy the channels of circulation
when the certificate is redeemed and withdrawn.
To the amount that these certificates represent
bullion, they increase the quantity of currency,
making bullion in deposite for coinage answer the
purpose of coin. These mint certificates, however,
let it be recollected, only add to the circulation
during the time consumed in the process of coin-
age; for so soon as the bullion is converted into
coin, it would at once enter into the general circu-
lation,but for the outstanding certificate which re-
presents it, and for the redemption of which the
coin must remain in deposite at the mint where the
certificate is redeemable.
I greatly doubt the wisdom of the authority given
to your officers to pay the public debts in certificates
of deposite, which can only be given when there is
in deposite, at the agency where the account is pre-
sented, an equal amount of specie belonging to the
Government. You have the money lying by you
idle, for which you have no immediate use; and
the great merit of this contrivance is, that, instead
of paying your debt with it at once, you incur all
the risk of safekeeping the money, and give your
note in payment of your treasury warrant. Why
not let the treasury warrant circulate'? There is
too much of the economy of the spendthrift in this.
It is a part of the clumsy apparatus by which a
paper currency is to be substituted for a metallic.
Treasury notes are pointed out as a third medium
of payment of dues to the United States. There
is, however, no provision in this bill for issuing
treasury notes; there will, therefore, be none under
its authority to be paid in. Those issued under
existing laws are already made receivable at the
treasury by those laws. Notes of specie-paying
banks are also to be received; but, asthey are never
to be paid out by the Government, their circulation
is arrested the moment they are paid in. The ac-
tual operation of this bill is to diminish the amount
of the currency until these notes are presented and
redeemed, when the bank may re-issue them. In
the interval, the coin for their 'redemption is locked
up from circulation in the vaults of the bank, and
the notes are locked up in the vaults of the treasury.
This comparison of the operation of the two sys-
tems upon the currency shows very little to the ad-
vantage of the exchequer over the sub-treasury.
Neither adds anything to the amount of circulation.
Indeed, this is one of the great merits of his plan,
claimed by the gentleman from Massachusetts, both
in his report and in hisspeech. In the former, it is
put quite as metaphorically as the subject will
bean "For every paper eagle on the wing, you have
a gold eagle in hand."
How, then, is that bill to improve the currency,
and remedy existing evils'? If individuals make
deposites, and the Government creditors receive
certificates, you willhave in circulation twenty mil-
lions of Government paper in lieu of twenty mil-
lions of coin in deposite. But, in the contingency
that no private deposites be made, and your credit-
ors prefer payment of their debts in specie to ta-
king your notes, this plan willhave no effect upon
the currency, except to withdraw from general cir-
culation gold and silver for Government use; and
its identity in this respect with the sub treasury
cannot be questioned.
But suppose the twenty millions of Government
paper in circulation: I am not disposed, in the
slightest degree, to undervalue the advantages and
conveniences of such a currency to the treasury
and to commerce; but I doubt exceedingly whether
Government will find in these advantages a com-
pensation for the hazard of safekeeping this
amount of coin, and the risk of this complex ma-
chine not working perfectly and promptly in all its
parts and at every point. This most delicate opera-
tion of producing and reproducing this vast amount
of Government money; of having at all times the
constituent coin ready for the appearance of its rep-
resentative paper, is necessarily confided to a great
number of agents, ignorance or infidelity in any
one of whom mars the whole system, and your
treasury feels the shock in all its departments. The
various parts of this complicated machine, although
at o-reot distances from each other, are so geared
and&coupled together, that a failura anywhere will
disturb, if it do not destroy, the motion of the whole.
It is one vast chain drawn over the whole length
and breadth of the land, and the severance of any
one link "tenth or ten thousandth, breaks the
chain alike." Imagine one of these Government
certificates, whether for a private deposite or a pub-
lic debt, presented and protested for non-payment:
I care not what may be the cause—ignorance, inad-
vertence, or inability; universal panic will be the
immediate consequence; and as fast as the mails
can carry them, all other outstanding certificates,
fellows of the dishonored one, having lost their
credit, would find their way to the places ol' re-
demption. Thus would end your national paper
currency.
But, Mr. Speaker, if the Government be willing
to assume the responsibility to which I have re-
ferred, will individuals find their account in ma-
king deposites"? I can imagine no inducement to-
do so, except at points where commercial balances
accumulate. A certificate, redeemable at the place-
where these balances are to be adjusted, would cer-
tainly be at a premium at the debtor point. Not so-
in any other case. A certificate, the specie to pay
which is deposited in Cincinnati, will pay a debt
in New York only at a discount equal to the ex-
pense of transporting the specie from Cincinnati to-
New York.
But, sir, if individuals should be inclined to
make these deposites, will the several States per-
mit your agencies to receive them"? If not, this
vaunted national paper currency, which is to
achieve such wonders, is at once reduced one-half,
or in the proportion of the ten millions allotted to
the prohibiting States.
Since the attempt of certain politicians to control
the Bank of the United States, in the person of Jer-
emiah Mason, this question of the currency has
entered into all the arrangements and conflicts of
party, and I fear there is no reason to doubt it will
continue to do so.
Much is said in this report, and more elsewhere,
of the evils inseparable from the expansibility of
a paper currency. I do not intend to enter into
that question. If it be an evil, this power of the
States over your agencies will perpetuate it, and
make the expansion and contraction of your nation-
al! paper currency as certain—almost as regular—
as the rising and falling of the tides. When the
friends of this national exchequer have the ascend-
ancy in the State Legislatures, your agencies will
be permitted to receive private deposites and give
certificates, and your paper currency expands.
When power shall have changed hands—and on
this very question, too; for it will be a perpetual
and prolific source of party strife—prohibition will
be enforced, and your paper currency contracts. It
vacillates with the vacillations of party. The cur-
rency—which the interests of Government and
people alike require shall be stable, and removed
{tttas far as possible from the revolutions and vicissi-
^Ftudes from which no human affairs are entirely
exempt—is thus, by the inherent defect of its origi-
nal formation, by 'the very law and condition of its
existence, fastened to and made to follow the muta-
tions of the most fickle and fluctuating of those af-
fairs—the ever-varying party polities of the day.
Mr. Speaker, passing from this view of the sub-
ject, let me call your attention to the 12th section of
this bill, which recognises the authority of the
Stales to prohibit, bylaw, your agencies receiving
private deposites of gold and silver coins, and giv-
ing certificates therefor. It is not my intention to
follow the gentleman from Kentucky in his objec-
tions drawn from the principles of the Constitution.
I shall illustrate my opposition from principles as-
serted and arguments contained in the report, and
from other provisions of the bill. The project of
an exchequer, recommended by the President, con-
tains a provision similar to this. The remarks,
therefore, I feel called upon to make upon this
part of the subject, are equally applicable to both.
A principal advantage of the plan insisted upon
by the committee in their report, is, that "it pro-
vides and secures a national paper currency." One
of the modes indicated of providing this currency,
is, conferring upon the exchequer and its agencies
authority to receive, on private deposite, gold and
silver coin and bullion, the property of individuals.
Of course, the committee thinks it,within the consti-
tutional competency of Congress to adopt this
mode—to confer this authority^ and that a law for
that purpose is in accordance with the Constitution
of the United States, and, therefore, the supreme
law of the land, anything in the constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding.
And yet the committee, in the same breath, by this
12th section, recommend that we reverse this order
of precedency, and make an unconstitutional stat^
