Jan. 1843.'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iW
£7th Cong.••••3d Sess.
The, Banhupl L:w -Ah. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
SPEECH OP MR. HAYNBR,
of north carolina..
In, Ike House of Representatives, January 12, 1843—
On the bill proposing to repeal the bankrupt
law. |
Mr. RAYNER said he wished to state, briefly, j
the reasons which would induce him to vote for
the repeal of the bankrupt law, provided the bill
before the House could be put in a proper shape.
I voted (said Mr. R.) for the bankrupt law, at the
extra session, with some misgiving; but, upon re-
flection, I then yielded my doubts to the strong con-
victions and earnest entreaties of those who, rep-
resenting commercial sections of the country, urged
with so much zeal the passage of the law. It was
a question on which I was able to look with an un-
prejudiced and impartial eye. Although my own
State suffered in common with every o her part of
the Union, from the financial and pecuniary em-
barrassments of the Government and the country,
yet there was, perhaps, no State that suffered less—
owing, in part, to the prudent and economical hab-
its of its people, and in part to the fact that, in con-
sequence of the natural obstructions on its eastern
coast, it is less commercial in its pursuits than any
ofher Atlantic State. It was, therefore, a question
on which the people of my section of the Union
felt comparatively indifferent. I felt at perfect lib-
erty to pursue such a course as, in my judgment,
I might think proper, untrammelled by public opin-
ion at home. Although I saw no pressing neces-
sity for the passage of this law, so far as the people
of my own State, and especially my own immediate
constituents, were concerned; yet I could not shut
my eyes to the embarrassment, insolvency, and dis-
tress that were preying on all the trading and com-
mercial sections of the countiy, depressing credit,
crippling the energies of industry, tying up the
hands of enterprise—and all these, in their results,
seriously affecting and reacting on agriculture,
manufactures, and every other department of busi-
ness.
When I came to look at the causes of this em-
barrassment and distress, I saw plainly that the
sufferers were not paying the penalty ol their own
imprudence and folly, but that they had been
brought to insolvency and impending ruin by the
rash and wicked measures of financial quacks and
political gamblers. When Locofoco misrule com-
menced, it found the country peaceful and quiet,
and every department ot basmess pursuing a suc-
cessful career of prosperity and wealth. Men of
business relied on thepatiiotic conviction, that those
who administered the Government would confine
themselves to their constitutional functions, and
they waked from this dream to find that financial
tinkering had unhinged every branch of business,
and deranged all their calculations—founded, as
those calculations were, on the presumption that
Government would not interfere with the pursuits
of the citizen. The last administration, instead ol
profiting by the experience of the past, continued to
persevere in this ruinous and oppressive policy-
making war upon ciedit, whilst living on t edit.it-
self; experimenting with the currency; and acting
on the principle laid down by ils chief', that the only
business of the Federal Government was to take
care of itself, regardless of its effect on ihe pur-
suits of industry. At length the ciisis, so long pre-
dicted by sagacious statesmen, came. The most
cautious were unable to provide again?) it; whilst
thousands who had been instigated by the induce-
ments of the Jackson paper-money era to embark
in speculating adventures, were, owins to the ie-
action produced by the measures of the Van Buren
specie-currency era, swept away by the sudden
crash. Thousands were not only left insolvent,
but unable to obtain employment to suhsisl, much
less to pay their debts; whilst thousands of wives,,
who had been enjoying a life ot luxury, were sud-
denly consigned to poverty; and thousands of chil-
dren, who had been rocked in the cradle of plenty,
were brought to cry for bread. Such is but a faint
description of the sufferings and condition of the
commercial community, when the bankrupt law
was passed.
It was this state of distress, growing out of twe.ve
years of misrule, which aroused the nation in 1^40,
and in a very great measure contributed to the
overthrow of the self-styled Democratic party.
The Whig party came into power pledged to re-
lieve the country as far as was in their power.
The people expected it at their hands. And when
they came to look around them, to those who asked
and required relief at their hands, they saw that
they were not the misers who had hoarded their
gold; they were not the wealthy capitalists who
had looked with calm complacency on, and reaped
a profitable harvest from, the sufferings and mis-
fortunes of others; but they were the enterprising
and industrious—those who had used their means
in giving labor and employment to thousands, and
in advancing the trade, the credit, and the improve-
ments of the country in all its great leading
interests—who had thus been rutlessly and unex:
pectedly reduced to want. The Whigs, then, con-
sidered it not only their duty, but an injunction
imposed on them by the people who had intrusted
them with power, to release a suffering community
from the thraldom into which they had been plunged
by wicked and incompetent rulers. They found
the hands of industry and enterprise tied up—not
in consequence of impiudence and extravagance,
but by the action of the Federal administration;
and it was necessary to sever these bonds, in order
to enable prosperity and improvement to pursue
their onward march. They considered this indis-
pensable to the commencement ol' a salutary re-
form. And now, for once and for all, I wish it to
be distinctly understood, that we may set ourselves
right on this subject:—let those who so much de-
nounce the bankrupt law—let ill's House and the
country recollect,that, objectionable as this law may
have been, it was forced upon us by Democratic
misrule. But for the weakness and coriuption of
the last and preceding administrations, there would
have been no pressing necessity for their passing
such a measure. And let those who are disposed
to cast censure on it, not blame those who passed
it—who, if they did err, erred from the good inten-
tion to relieve honest suffering—from a proper re-
gard for the wants and distress of an injured peo-
ple; but on those, whose misrule forced itjupon us—
whose mismanagement and imbecility for years
left us no other alternative.
I have briefly stated the reasons which induced
mc, in the first instance, lo yield my doubts as to
the propriety of passing such a law, to the pi essing
emergencies of the times. I will now briefly stale
the reasons why I shall vote for its repeal.
I have said I voted for this law with some mis-
givings. 1 thought I saw then objections to any
bankrupt law; but, on reflection, I considered these
objections far outweighed by the suffeiing and em-
barrassments of the countiy, brought about by t'he
mismanagement of the Government, which the
Whigs had come into power pledged to reform.
And since the same causes which induced the pas-
sage of the law no longer exist—al all events, much
less forcibly—the question may well arise, whether
a pressing necessity any longer appears for keeping
it in operation'! The purposes intended by its pas-
sage have, in a very great measure, been accom-
plished. Those who had been plunged into insol-
vency, from which thev. could never have relieved
themselves, have received its benefits, or, at all
events, have had an opportunity of receiving them.
If they have failed to do aft, it has been the result
of their own imprudence; their want of caution in
stietching their credit loo far in these pressing and
unreliable times; or of relying too incautiously on
the consistency of legislation m a Government,
which events should have caused them to distrust.
The prudent and industrious have had time and
opportunity to avail themselves of its aid. Those
whose enterprise and energy were cramped and
destroyed bv the ruinous consequences of Federal
mismanagement, are left free once more to pursue
Ihe paths of industry and wealth. The manacles
have been struck from their hands, and the heavy
incumbrances of debt under which thev labored
have been removed. The mechanic has again
been sent to his shop, the sailor to his ship, the
agriculturist lo his field, and the merchant to his
counter. The road to prosperity and happiness lias
been cleared of the obstructions with which Fedeial
misrule has blocked it up; and again presents its
beaten track, along which the prudent and indus-
trious may travel, with lenewed energy and dearly
bought experience. The honest again have afield
in which lo labor, from the profits of which to
pav their debts—which honor has not cancelled,
although the law might have done so—debts which
they never could have paid, as long as they wee
subject to the severity and extortion of unrelenting
creditors. And many a wife and child, who saw
nothing but penury and want before them, Imve had
their sorrow changed to consolation, by the hopes
and prospects of better times.
And-whilst the honest and unfortunate, who were
willing to surrender all, have been relieved, the
dishonest and the reckless have been brought to
accountability and liquidation. The creditor as
well as the deblor has enjoyed its benefits; and,
while the former has extortecl the last cent, he has
been prevented from carrying his oppression fur-
ther. The law has provided a means by which
the honest debtor may be enabled ultimately to pay
his bond, without allowing the creditor to exact its *
forfeit.
If I am asked why the embarrassment and pres-
sure which now pervade the country have not dis-
■ appeared in consequence of these benefits of the
bankrupt law which I have enumerated, my answer
is,—that the causes of these difficulties lie much
deeper than in debt and insolvency. They spring
from the derangement of the currency, and the
uncertain and unsettled state ofthe finances of the
Government. These, the bankrupt law cannot rem-
edy, although it has remedied some of the evils
growing out of them. And since the unfortunate
have been relieved, by the beneficial operation of
the bankrupt law, from those overwhelming and
unforeseen disasters resulting from Democratic tink-
ering with the currency and finances, a retiwn to
a sale and sound system of cu ri ency and exchanges
would soon so enhance the price of property,
and afford such aids to industry and businesses
would soon restore the country to prosperity, and
thousands to solvency, who are now unable to pay
their debts. As to the pressure and embarrassments
wfiich now weigh upon the country, they never can
be relieved till there is a change of measures and
men. We thought we had effected that change,
and that our measures were about to carry "heal-
ing on their wings" to the wounds of ableeding
country; but, in the very moment of victory, the
laurel was snatched from our brows by the most
hameless tieachery that ever disgraced the annals
of representativegovernment. As long as we have
an Executive who, in the weakness and vanity of
power, filched by fraud from a confiding people,
laughs at the distresses of his suffering countty-
men; as long as the recognised organs of those who
administer the Government come into this hall and
hawk the spoils of office to the highest bidder; as
long as Executive vetoes are threatened in ad-
vance, not as the means of arresting unconstitu-
tional legislation, but of enlisting recruits, for
partisan service—solong'will credit and confidence
continue to languish, and the country continue to
groan under embarrassment and debt.
Notwithstanding the benefits which I have men-
«ied as having resulted from ihe bankrupt law,
there are objections and evils attending it, as
re are attending every finite system, every hu-
man invention. Although ihese objections were
more than counterbalanced, at the time ofthe pas-
sage ot the law, by the considerations I have al-
luded to; yet, as these considerations no longer exist
—at all events, in nothing like as full force—1 in-
cline to the opinion that ihe. inherent evils of the
system, together with the stale of the public mind,
are sucdi as no longer to create a necessity for its
continuance. In the first placc, I fear it is calcu-
lated to aflect personal confidence, which, after
all, is the secret of our unparalleled prosperity in
this country. It is calculated lo beget, and I fear
is already 'begetting, a disregard for Ihe sacred-
ness of obligations; without which, no well-estab-
lished system of credit can exist in any country.
For it is not the compulsory process of the law
which enables the young man, whose only fortune
is his <;ood name, to obtain credit with the rich;
but it is the sanctity with which public opinion re-
Sards an obligation thus incurred. And anv system
which has a tendency to destroy this confidence, or
beget a disregard for a faithful compliance with its
conditions, is well calculated to lock up the coffers
of the rich, to keep capital unemployed, and con-
sequently to repress the energies of the enterpri-
sing and industrious, by depriving them of the op-
poi [unities and means of exertion. It may be said
that this will affect only the imprudent and the
faithless but that those who deserve confidence and
creditwill still be able to oblain them. Then the
question will ari«e, Who are lo be trusted1? Who
can withstand the temptation, when the chances of
being absolved from his obligations are so ready at
hand1? Who will rely upon the labor and perse-
verance of years to relieve him from the pressure
of debts he cannot pay, when the tribunals of the
country are so easy of access"?
j If, however, this should not be the result—if th^
