T
Jaiu 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
18ft
27TH Cok«... 3D SKI
The Bankrvpt Law—Mr. Rayner.
H. of Reps.
regenerated, and disenthralled," ready as ever to do
battle id-tlie cause ol constitutionaliiberty, whether
fdrtBHe frowned or fortune smiled. And although
I Witt yet have hope, still I confess I am not tree
from feelings of despondency. I witnessed a scene
here but two days since, which 1 should have been
glftdtoavoid seeing, A Representative [Mr. Botts]
rase in his place, and, appealing to Heaven for the
rectitude of his intentions, avowed his determina-
tion-to discharge his duty to a violated Constitution,
regardless of all personal consequences. He pre-
ferred charges against the acting President of the
Gutted States, involving the highest crimes and
nifedeineanors; staked his reputation upon their
truth, and his ability to prove them; asked this
House iorthe appointment of a committee, merely
tljit' he might have an opportunity of establishing
his charges, and submit the result to the House.
And what-did we seel In a House containing a
nominal "Whig majority of at least thirty, the prop-
osition failed by a majority of forty-four.
Ifl ever saw an instance ot moral sublimity, it
was when my friend [Mr. Botts] held aloft his ar-
ticles of impeachment, and, in strains of fervid elo-
quence, called upon the assembled Representatives
of- the nation to come to the rescue. I can assure
my friend he needs no prouder monument to his
faflie—no richer legacy for his children. I a;n
aware that many voted against the proposition be-
cause, as they avowed, they would not bestow on
J(?hii Tyler so much consideration and importance.
This reminds me of the leplyof Barrere, in the
national convention of Prance, to the accusation
proposed by the virtuous Lou vet against the bloody
Ropespierre: "Let us," said Barrere, "cease to
wast? our time on men who will fill no place in
history; let us not put pigmies on pedestals; the
civic crowns of Robespierre are mingled with cy-
press." The convention passed quietly onto "the
orders ot the day"—ju-.t as this House did on
Tuesday—"a fatal error," says the historian, "which
S'rance had cause to lament in tears of blood."
The earnest and eloquent appeals of Louvet, Bar-
baroux, and Lanjuinais, weie unheeded; and the
Girondists of that day, like the Whigs of this, re-
posed in listless secuiity; while the Jacobins (to use
tile language of the historian) "were daily sharp-
euing their poniards."
Much as the character of this debate ought to be
regretted, for the credit of the House and the coun-
try, yet it has produced one result at which I ieel
pleased. It has clearly traced the lines of party
demarcation in this hall, it has pioven—what 1
have long known—that theie are but two parties m
this House; and that the Tyler faction—for it never
deserved the name of a patty—has become merged
in, and thoroughly identified with, the Locofoco
party; andldo hope that, amid the seething and boil-
ing of the political caldron, of which the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Gushing] spoke, the
Whig party will.at last be thoroughly purified, and
all the froth and scum will not only be thrown up-
ward, but tossed over the brim. I have long felt
sure that the bargain had been consummated in
secret; at last it has been publicly latified on this
floor.. To be sure, there has been some little coy-
ness manifested in the interchanges of affection
that have been passing across the hall; but not
more, I suppose, than is usual on such occasions of
endearment, and far less than 1 think decency re-
quited. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Gushing] threatened the .already-forged thunder-
bolts of the veto power, unless his new Democrat-
ic allies would rallv under the Tyler standard.
The member from Indiana [Mr. Kennldy] said,
in response, he was opposed to the Democratic
majority in the next Congress forcing anything on
Mr. Tyler, that was likely to meet wi'li the veto.
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr "VVf.llerJ pio-
' trounced a labored eulogy on Mr. Tyler, and,
itsewns, felt authorized to act the part of counsel-
lor tohim, and advised him to rid himself of Mess.,-.
Webster and Spencer as soon as possible. The
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bowne.] who
seems to be more catholic in his political feelings,
declared his readiness to receive these two last, as
repentant sinners, with open arms. The gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr . Pickens] weh omed the
gentleman from Massachusetts into the Democratic
ranks; said he had long seen that he (Mr.C.) had
a leaning to his (Mr. P.'s) side, but that he was
afraid Of his colleague on the right, [Mr. ArMfisj—
no tery great compliment, by the way. And the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Proffit,] in order
to prove Ms approbation of this offensive and de-
fensive alliance, poured out a torrent of abuse
against that man of whom, he once said, on this
floor, that he "wished he could make President of
the world." What a humiliating spectacle is here
exhibited ! A party elevated to power by the over-
whelming voice of a lo.ig' outraged people, with
such sacrifices, such patriotic devotion, such hon-
est enthusiasm, as never marked the progress of
civil revolution before; and that, too, with the
shouts, the prayers, and the blessings of thousands,
who saw m it the harbinger of hope, and the pros-
pect of a brighter day—and scarcely had we com-
menced the great work of reform intrusted to our
hands, when he, whom we had imprudently placed
in the line of promotion, by which he became in-
vested with the Executive power, opened negotia-
tions with our enemies; ungrateiully and cruelly
made war upon us; taunted us with our unfortu-
nate condition; and, as though we were slaves with
manacles on our hands, declared to us, through his
confidential organs, that the great constitutional
functions which we intrusted to him would ba
exercised for the benefit of those only who would
worship at the sSnine of his power. Never since
the days ol Judas Iseaiiot has there been an m-
stauceof such shameless and unblushing treason.
Mr. Speaker, although I have been amused—us
every one here must have been—at the develop-
ments that have taken place during this debate; yet
I cannot reflect on it seriously, without feeling the
ttio«t intense pain and humiliation. The senti-
ments which were uttered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ccshing] (ell on my ear as the
foreboding ot the evils that are last clustering
around the destinies of our countiy. When I have
reflected on -the probable fate which ultimately
awaited our nation, 1 have supposed that our Gov-
ernment—like all these that have preceded it—
would, iriGbcdiev.ce lo that principle of change and
revolution with which the 'decree of fate seems to
have stamped all human institution", have its day
of degeneracy, decline, and ruin. But I have con-
soled myself with die hope that this period was iu
the far, far distant fiiture; and that it would not
come till we and our children, and our children's
children, had passed away and been forgotten. But
the declarations ol the gentleman from Massachu-
setts have aroused me to the conviction of the cor-
rupted and vitiated state of the public mind. And
can it be—must history record it—that, in the veiy
infancy of our Republic, in the fifty fourth year of
our existence, one who is recognised as possessing
the especial confidence of the Executive, boldly and
recklessly came into this hall, and here, in the face
of the assembled Repiesentatives of the nation, de-
clared that the power and patronage of this Gov-
ernment. would be wielded for the benefit of them
who would sustain those in power'? The open
avowal of such sentiments affords alarming proof of
the corruptions of the times—of the degeueiacy of
this age. The distinguished gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] has compared it to the sale
of the empire by the ptcetorian bands of Rouv. it
is worse than I hat li was in the m.reels of Rome,
amid the shouts and huzzas of the rabble, and not
in the Senate-house, that the pretoi ian cohort < sold
the imperial purple to him who would bid highest
for its honors. And whilst mercenary swords were
clothing with power the leaders of faction in the
field of Mars, the flame of liberty still continued to
burn in the councils of the Senate-house. It was
there that the principles of freedom had been most
devoutly cherished—it was there that they last ex-
pired. It was there that the precepts of Fahiusnnd
Cineinnatus, and Cato, and the Scipios, were last
quoted with reverence—it was there that their vir-
tuous and heroic actions were last forgotten. But
here, in our Government—and in its infancy 100—
it is in the Representative hall of the nation, that
Executive power and patronage, and Executive in-
fluence in the appointment ofa .successor, are offer-
ed as the reward ol party allegiance And that to
come from Massachusetts too!—from the land of
the Pilgrim Fathers !—from the classic soil of Lex-
ington and Bunker Hill!— the first to resist tyr-
anny—and must she bear the reproach of being the
first"to otter, thiough one of her sons, to barter
away the rights for which she so gloriously suf-
fered and hied?
These-sentiments of the gentleman from Mas~n-
chu=?ttsare only the eclic ot what was heard a few
months since in Faneuil Hal), fiom one whom that
pan iotic State so long looked on and cherished with
pride and glory. How times must have changed!—
how the public mind must have degenerated! That
one, whose fame and character belonged to the na-
tion, should have uttered the detestable doctrine,
that the fact of there being many Whigs yet re-
tained in office, should be a reason wdiy that party
should not denounce what they, in their hearts, be-
lieve to be the coiruptions of this Administration!
That the consideration of place should hush them
into silence when they see public virtue scouted)
and popular rights trampled into dust!—and that,
too, m walls consecrated to freedom, where the
spirit-stirring tones of resistance lo tyranny have
so often aroused the free and the brave! Would
to God these sentiments could have originated with
some one else than Daniel Webster !
Time once was, when every patriotic American
felt proud that Daniel Webster was his country-
mail. His gigantic and commanding talents had
endeared him to every lover of his country's glory.
His noble (ffoits in many a trying contest had
equally endeared Mm lo every lover of constitu-
tional freedom. What must have been the feelings
of his friends—those friends who had cherished, sus-
tained, and cheered him on in so many conflicts—
when, on an occasion by which they sought to do
him honor, instead of reviving their drooping
spints. and advising and encouraging them in their
approaching struggle, he met them with reproaches,
revilmgs, and bitter taunts 1 Sir, he is gone; and
let him so! He not only abandoned us m the hour
of our triumph, but he is now doing service in the
ranks ot those who have so often felt the force of his
mighty arm. He mav now, perhaps, console him-
self with the iuea that, although he cannot save
himself, yet, like Samson, he can bury beneath the
• ruins of our political edifice the object of his hatred*
Still, if he possesses the common sympathies and.
feelings of or.i nature, the day of remorse must
com"." Like Themistoeles, (who tarnished the es-
cutcheon of lus fame by negotiating with his for-
mer enemies,) he may, perhaps, receive his reward
in some palliy office under his new allies; yet his
declining years must be embittered with the recol-
lection of the bright hopes he has withered, the af-
flicting evils he has brought upon his country.
What must be Ins reflections, on contemplating
the character and progress of this debate"! His
name—which was once so mighty—now become a
byword, and an object of jest and ridicule in this
hall, which formerly echoed and re-echoed the
sound of his voice1 His name tossed about him
with jeers and reproaches! One party mourning
over ins fall and his desertion, and the other reject-
ing his pi offered alliance with scorn! Would to
God. for the honor of our country, that this cup
could have passed us by !
WThe gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Marshui.lJ
spoke of the "scoin and contempt" with which Mr
Webster must have treated thedenunciations which
have been uttered against him. So far as the Whig
party in this House is concerned, the gentleman has
begged the question. I deny that he has been de-
nounced and anathematized here. I call upon
evcty one wiihin the sound of my voice to say if
Mr. Webster has not been treated with the greatest
foibearanee and modeiation. It is with pain and
regiet that his piesent position is alluded to here by
the Whigs, It has. until lately, been in the lan-
guage of apology for his course, and of hope that
he would yet restore himself lo the confidence of
long-tried and faithful friends, that his conduct has
been spoken of by the Whigs in this House. It is
from the other party—from those whose cause he is
now aiding—that he has received denunciation
most heavy. But if he has been denounced by the
Whigs, would not his denunciation be prima facie
evidence that he deserved it'f What interest could
the Whig party have in denouncing such a man"?
Would it not rather be their interest to preserve so
strong an ally—to possess ihe aid and influence of
his mighty raindl And after adhering to him so
long, thiough so many eventful struggles—is it fair,
is it reasonable, to suppose that his former Whig
friends here should denounce him without suffi-
cient causel To suppose so, was to reason against
all the natural springs and impulses of human ac*
tion.
As to the "scorn and contempt," of which the
gentleman from Kentucky spoke, that is too easy
a way of answering a proposition, for one of his
logical mind. Suppose we have indulged in com-
plaints—or censures, if you please: still, can "scorn
and contempt" ansvrei the charge"! Do they prove
that our censures aie not well founded' Can they
make atonement for the wrongs we haveenduredl
"Scorn and contempt" are the cheapest of all men-
