190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOBK.
Feb. 1843.
Sfra Cong"--3d Skss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
tal impulses; they afford evidence neither of intel-
lect ol the head, nor. feeling of the heart. They
are the impulses with which selfishness always
regards, honest and unfortunate suffering; with
which heartless tyranny always looks on the com-
plaintsoftheoppressed. Theunfeelingmiser listens
with "scorn and contempt" to the cries of suffering
poverty; the cruel despot feels "scorn and con-
tempt" for the complaints of injured innocence.
Domitian, no doubt, felt the same for the cries of
the agonized Christians' when torn to pieces by
ravenous beasts; he felt "scorn and contempt" for
the vety prayers which, m the struggles of death,
they offered to Heaven for his conversion 
[Here Mr. Rayner's hour expired; and he took
his seat.]
House of Representatives,
Washington, March 2, 181:2.
Gentlemen: I ask the favor that you will pub-
lish in the Congressional Globe or Appendix the
following statement of my views in reference to the
treaty concluded at Washington in 18-1'2. When
the bill carrying it into effect was reported to the
House by Mr. Cushing, it was distinctly announced
that a report would subsequently be made. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs determined not to
make a report; and, as a member of that commit-
tee, Iwas deprived of an opportunity of presenting
the grounds of my dissent thereto; ibe debate in
the House being cut short, 1 was again deprived
of a similar opportunity. 1, therefore, ask an in-
sertion in your congressional record.
Your obedient servant,
JAS. A. MERIWETHER.
Messrs. Blair & Rives.
In considering the treaty concluded at Washing-
■ ton on the Dili of August, 1842, between (lie United
States of America and her Majesty the Q.ueen of
the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland,
an important preliminary question arises as to the
right and duty of the National Legislature to delib-
erate on the expediency of carrying the ti eaty into
effect—Whether, alter it has passed through all the
solemn forms of ratification by both Governments,
it is not the supreme law of the land, binding on
the whole nation; and, as such, that the Legislature
cannot refuse to co-operate in its execution, with-
out a violation of its duty undet the Constitution,
and of the faith of the nation? The question in-
creases in interest, because of the peculiar charac-
ter of some of the provisions of the treaty. The
constitutional power of Congress to establish^
navy is invoked; ships are to be built and repair^®
officers commissioned, seamen enlisted, munitions
of war provided, large sums of money appropria-
ted for a series of years, and the policy of the Gov-
ernment and its expenditures changed and en-
larged; all of which require the sanction anu ac-
tion of the Legislature. The question acquires ad-
ditional interest from the course of the Executive—
a branch of the treaty-making power. Instead ol
inviting a co-operation on the pan of the Legisla-
ture in the execution ol the treaty, it seems to be
taken for granted that no power or right belongs
to that department of the Government to exercise
any volition whatever. Instead of asking at the
hands of the Repieseniatives oi the people the ne-
cessary appropriations to complete and support the
naval force called into existence by the provisions
of the treaty, and of either directly or indirectly
asking the sanction ol Congress thereto, the esti-
mates for this service are presented only as the
.usual and ordinary objects of expenditures, and the
appropriations sought profctscdlj with no other ob-
ject than to carry on the ordinary rotniue of gov-
ernmental duty; when, if they be granted, the
purpose of the Executive is manifest, to carry into
effect the treaty. And when a demand is made
upon the Executive for information, by a branch of
the Legislature, as to the cost and probable animal
of expense of a squadron, in compliance with the
treaty, the answer returned is, that the squadron "is
merely a part ol the customary and useful employ-
ment of our vessels of war," that it is not to be'Re-
garded as an increase of the navy," nor "would it
be proposed to reduce the navy, if it were not neces-
sary." The manner in which this appropriation
is sought, covered up under the geneial estimates
for "customary" expenditures, and the evident and
certain design of appropriating the squadron, when
commissioned and provided lor, for the purpose of
carrying into effect the treaty, show too clearly that
the Executive regards Congress as bound to carry
it into effect, irrespective of all convictions of the
utter inexpediency of doing so. The fact that the
treaty has been ratified, and announced under the
proclamation of the President to the people of the
United States, and communicated to both branches
of Congress, clearly implies that he regards the
concurrence of the Legislature as totally unneces-
sary to give any validity whatever to it, I coun-
tenance no such doctrine as this. I deny that the
Congress is bound, upon terms of unconditional
submission, to observe a treaty made and ratified
according to the forms prescribed in the Constitu-
tion. There are cases in which it may refuse its
co-operation; and those cases are to be determined
by a sound discretion, in view of all the attending
circumstances. If the treaty could be executed
without the intervention of Congress, it might be
regarded as binding upon the whole people; and
hence becomes a rule of action, prescribed by the
superior power, and which the inferior must obey;
and assumes all the dignity and authority of any
oilier law. But, if such intervention is necessary,
then the Legislature is as free to act as the Execu-
tive, and to withhold or yield its concurrence.
Without this rule of .interpretation, the rights of
the Legislature would be wholly sacrificed; 'a Rep-
resentative would be forced to lay aside all judg-
ment for himself, to follow implicitly the dictates
of others, and, knowingly, to vote for a palpable
violation of that Constitution which he had most
solemnly sworn to support. Without this interpre-
tation, the power of raising a navy, of enlisting an
army, of naturalization, of taxation, or of regulating
commerce, (all of which are vested solely in Con-
gress,) would be transferred to the President and
Senate; and the voice of the people, through their
popular elections, totally lost and neglected.
Again: there is no express restraint whatever in
the Constitution on the treaty making power. A
cession of a sovereign State might be made to a
foreign Government; entangling and ruinous alli-
ances formed—alliances, offensive and defensive,
with the most loathful and odious people, under
circumstances revolting to all honorable and Chris-
tian feelings; the particular and special powers and
rights of the Representatives of the people to origi-
nate all money bills might be swept away by a
treaty with a foreign Government, made and rati-
fied by the President and Senate. Under these cir-
cumstances, would it be contended for a moment
that the Legislature should not refuseitsaid to carry
such a treaty into effect? It may be, said that such
a course, by the Legislature, would be uncourteous
and nnpulitic, and cause foreign nations to become
jealous of us, when we have such a power in re-
serve. This would be a strong argument against
the exercise of the power, unless lor satisfactory
causes. But such considerations have as much influ-
ence over the action of the Legislature, as they have
over that of the Executive; and it is fair to presume
that the former will as faithfully protect the nation-
al interest and honor as the latter, and would not
be any more likely to be influenced by trivial
causes. But there is one reason which should
lender this construction of the powers of the Legis-
lature satisfactory to all; and that is, that this pow-
er of withholding their co-operation is the only
check upon the treaty-making power which can be
possessed and exercised by the people.
Shortly after the adoption of the Constitution, this
mateual question was fully discussed and settled
by the adjudication of the House of Representa-
tives, and by the people through them. In the year
1796, upon the ratification of the treaty with Great
Britain, (commonly known as Jay's treaty,) during
the administration of President Washington, the
following declaration of opinion was made:
Resnhed, That u boms' declared , by the second section of
the becond article ol the Constitution, " that the President
shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to make treaties, provided iwo-thirdsof the Senators
present concur," tile House of Representatives do not claim
any agency in making tieaties; but that when a treaty stipu-
lates leeldations ori any of the subjects submitted b v the Con-
stitution to tile power of Congress, it must depend for its exe-
cution, as to such stipulations, on a law or laws to be passed
by Congress; and it is the cnnstitutwnal right arjd duly of the
ttonseof Representatives, m all such cases, to deliberate on
the expediency or inexpediency of carrying such treaty into
effect, and to determine and act thereon, as m their judgment
may be most conducive to the public good.
This resolution was adopted by a vote of fifty-
seven to thirty-five, and received the energetic sun-
port of such Republicans as Albert Gallatin, Wil-
liam B. Giles, Nathaniel Macon, James Madison,
and other no less distinguished statesmen; and
when a bill was introduced to carry this treaty in-
to effect, the expediency of making the necessary
provisions by law was carried, in Committee ofthe
Whole, by one vote majority, and passed in the
House by a majority of three votes; the historian
informing us that considerations of policy alone in-
duced its passage.
I have said this much in defence of the consti-
tutional right and duty of the National Legislature
against the disrespectful and haughty assumption
of the executive department. Whatever motive
may have prompted such conduct, on its part, its
unqualified condemnation deserves to be promptly
made, that its repetition may not be attempted,
influenced by the impunity with which the present
may have been received.
I do not propose to enter upon the consideration
of those stipulations of the treaty which can be
executed independent of the co-operation of the
Legislature. Of that class is the one defining the
boundary line between the two countries, and de-
termining the right of soil, by each Government.
Yet, as large sums of money are to be appropriated
to the States of Maine and Massachusetts, which
can alone be done by the Legislature, in "consider-
ation" of the "conditions and equivalents received
therefor," in adopting the treaty line of boundary;
the consideration and examination of those "equiv-
alents" properly and rightfully belong to the Repre-
sentatives of the people. But, as the stipulation as
to boundary is executed of itself—as the assent of
those States has been yielded to that stipulation for
a pecuniary consideration,—respect for the wishes
of those sovereign members of our Union should
induce a prompt co-operation by the Legislature in
providing the means for carrying into -effect so
much of the treaty as provides for the payment of
the sums therein specified.
What advantages, however, have resulted to our
own Government from the treaty, beyond the priv-
ilege of paying out to the States of Massachusetts
and Maine a sum exceeding in amount half a mil-
lion of dollars—all yet remain to be discovered.
England has been ready, for years, to close in with
the terms now adopted; and the reason thatthey were
not long since made the basis of negotiation, was the
refusal of our own Government to recognise them.
The delay has resulted in conceding to England
what she desired, and not in securing to ourselves
better terms. Yet I do not feel that the considera-
tion of a "bad bargain" should influence the Legis-
lature to withhold its co-operation Irom the stipula-
tions of the 5th article, which depend exclusively,
for their execution, upon this department of the
Government.
Other stipulations of the treaty, giving rise, to
questions ot much greater importance than any
growing out of the article referred to, do require
the co-operation of the Legislature to give effect to
them; and without that co-operation, they must re-
main wholly inoperative. The magnitude of the
principles involved, and the surrender of rights by
our Government, which were never before permitted
to be questioned or debated—which follow upon the
act of the Legislature co-operating in executing
those stipulations, and the preservation of those
rights, which can alone be had by its refusal of
such co-operation—render the position of Congress,
and more especially that of the House of Repre- ■
sentatives, of the most vital importance to the fu-
ture deslinyof our country. By the terms of the
8th article of the treaty, the right of capture, deten-
tion, and search of our merchant vessels on the
coast of Africa, has been ingloriously placed at the
disposal of the Federal Executive, to be at his dis-
cretion surrendered to the British Crown, upon the
surrender ol a like privilege to the American ships
over the British merchant vessels on the same
coast. The establishment of a squadron of vessels,
m pursuance of the terms of the treaty, perfects the
surrender of that right: the refusal to make pro-
vision for such squadron, maintains our national
rights upon that great question. It then becomes a
subject of the deepest importance to the Represent-
atives of the people, how far they will compromit
the rights ol their constituents, and tarnish the na-
tional honor, by a co-operation in the execution of
so much of the treaty. The eighth article is in
these words.
"Articlc 8th. The parties mutually stipulate, that
each shall prepare, equip, and maintain in service
on the coast of Africa, a sufficient and adequate
squadron, or naval force of vessels, of suitable
numbers and descriptions, to carry in all not less
than eighty guns, to enforce, separately and respect-
ively, the laws, rights, and obligations of each of the
