F
Feb. IMS.
appendix, to the congressional, globe.
191*
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
The British Treaty—Mr. Meriwether.
H. of Reps.
two countries, for the suppression of the slave trade;
the said squadrons to be independent of each other;
bat the two Governments stipulating, nevertheless,
to give such orders to the officers commanding their
respective forces as shall enable them most effectu-
ally to act in concert and co-operation, upon mutual
consultation, as exigencies may arise, for the attain-
ment of the true object of this article: copies of all
such orders to be communicated by each Govern-
ment to the other, respectively."
By the eleventh article of the treaty, it is provi-
ded: "The eighth article of this treaty shall be in
force for five years, from date of the exchange of
ratifications, and afterwards until one or the other
party shall signify a wish to terminate it." The
peculiar phraseology of the "eighth article" ren-
ders the extent of its meaning somewhat equivocal.
Its terms are contradictory. It speaks of "inde-
pendent squadrons," designed to enlorce "separately
and, respectively" the laws of "cach of the two coun-
tries;" and yet the two Governments are to give
"such orders" to the "commanding officers," to en-
able them "effectually to act in concert and co-
operation," upon "consultation," as "exigencies
may arise," for the "attainment of the true object of
this article;" and that "tiue object" is nothing more
or less than the effectual suppression of the "Afri-
can slave-trade." ■ Here is the end to be attained;
and the means which are to be employed are such
as will "effectually" reach it. If the capture of
our merchant vessels, their detention, visitation,
and search, are necessary, in the opinion of the
two Governments, under this treaty, by the "or-
ders" of the Governments, the desecration of the na-
tional flag and the prostration of the citizens'rights
may be made. The diplomatic history, as well as
the pretensions of the two Governments growing
out of it, will serve to illustrate more forcibly the
effect of the stipulations complained of. In the
preamble of the treaty now being considered, the
following declarations are to be found:
"Whereas by the treaty concluded at Ghent on
the 24th December, 1814, between the United States
and his Britannic Majesty, an article was agreed to,
and inserted, of the following tenor, viz:
"'Article 10. Whereas the traffic in slaves is
irreconcileable with the principles of humanity and
justice; and whereas both' his Majesty and the Uni-
ted States are desirous ol continuing their efforts to
promote its entire abolition: it is hereby agreed that
both the contracting parties shall use ttieirbest en-
deavors to accomplish so desirable an object, and
whereas, notwithstanding the laws which have, at
various times, been passed by the two Governments,
and the efforts made to suppress it, that criminal
traffic is still prosecuted and carried on: and
whereas the United States of Amcrica, and her
Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, are determined that, so
far as may be in their power, it shall be effectually
abolished.'"
Under the article in the treaty of Ghent, here
referred to, England has asserted the right oj
search over our merchant vessels, to suppress the
African slave-trade. The American Government
has denied any such right. In fulfilment of the
treaty, we have made the trade piracy, and have
employed our naval force, to a great extent, in en-
forcing our laws. We have maintained, that since
the slave-trade was not prohibited by the laws of na-
tions, and since it was made piracy by our own
municipal regulations, we could not, and would iwt
if we could, permit a stranger, with his fleets and
armies, to aid in the execution of our own laws;
that our own officers must alone execute them;
and that they, alone, must search and detain our
own vessels; that the right of search by a stranger
was a belligerent right, and would be so regarded
and treated by our Government.
In further evidence of the desire of our Govern-
ment to carry into effect the treaty of Ghent, and the
execution of her own Jaws, our vessels of war had
been instructed to cruise in company with one or
more British vessels, that American vessels might
search the ships using the American flag, and the
British vessels might search those of that nation,
and of such other nations as had conceded to Eng-
land the right of search. Here were the positions
of the two Governments: England asserting the
right of search as the means of suppressing the
slave-trade; and the United States conceding and
adopting every olher means but that, for the pur-
pose of attaining that end. There was, then, 110
midway ground left between the unconditional sur-
render ana the unconditional denial of the right of
search. But it seems that the action of the Amer-
ican Government has not been satisfactory to Eng-
land, in execution of the treaty. Notwithstanding
the "laws which have been passed at various times,"
and the "efforts made to suppress it," "the slave-
trade is still prosecuted;" and now the two Gov-
ernments, being "determined" that it shall be "ef-
fectually abolished, so far as may be in their power"
have adopted the eighth article of the treaty at
Washington as the means by which the "trade"
shall be thus "abolished."
Then, as something more has been agreed to be
done, the question is, What is it that shall be done"!
And if greater "efforts" are to be made, by which
Government are they to be madel
Looking back to the positions of the two Govern-
ments; the law,, passed by each; the "efforts" made
by each; 8nd most especially the plan adopted, of
vessels of each nation cruising together, that those
belonging to either mightbe searched by the officers
of their own Government; that all these efforts had
failed; and the slave-trade was still prosecuted—
what "effort" is there, as the ultimatum of "all in
their power," that the slave-trade should be "abol-
ished effectually," which could have been designed,
but the concession of England's importunate and
continued demand—the right of search'!
If the plan of permitting and requiring the ves-
sels of each country to cruise together, which had
covered the length and breadth of the concession
of our Government, had proved ineffectual, then it
was not embraced in those means contemplated by
the parties to be employed when they declared
their determination to use all in "their power" to
airest the trade. If it had proved "effectual," no
treaty stipulations were needed. Whether effect-
ual or not, it would have been an act of superero-
gation by both Governments, and an insult to out
own, to have made it the subject of treaty nego-
tiation; since our own Government had already
proposed it to England, and both Governments had
adopted it.
Under such circumstances, the American Sec-
retary could not have "entertained the proposition,
when coming from another; and he must, indeed,
have been lost to all sense of national honor, if
he could have thought one moment of submitting
the proposition to the British minister. All the
facts concur in establishing, clearly, thatsomething
beyond the enforcement of the laws of each na-
tion by their own vessels was designed by the
treaty; and nothing but the right of search could
have teen meant. This is the conclusion to which
every unbiassed mind must come, in respect to the
power intended to be surrendered to the execu-
tive discretion. Its force may be attempted to
.be broken, by the avowal of the substitution of
the right of visitation, instead of the right of search.
This is the special pleading with which the Eng-
lish court has for years attempted to mislead and
deceive the American Government; this is 'he
ground on which she always justified her recent
outrages upon American shipping. But there is
no such distinction in the maritime law of nations,
and the usage of the admiralty courts of any coun-
try. If visitation is not accompanied with search,
it is an empty mockery. This theory of England
has been reduced to practice; and we have, in her
visitation of American ships, demonstration con-
elusive of what she means by the right. These
visitations were followed by search of persons and
papers, of vessel and cargo; and sometimes not
only by a protracted detention of the vessel,^ but by
the actual carrying her into port for adjudication.
This practical illustration shows that what is meant
by the right of visitation, is the right of visitation
and search. It was so regarded by our Govern-
ment in 1818, when Mr. Secretary Adams, in re-
pelling the proposition of the British Government,
sai,^—if the visitation was not carried out by search,
"it would reduce the right itselt to a power merelv
nominal," and the acquiescence in which "woulU
serve rather to matk the sacrifice ot a great and
preuinns principle, than to attain the end for which
it would be given up."
This question seems to have been too long set-
tled, and by her own courts, to be agitated by
England now. In the case of the Louis, Lord Stow-
eil, in delivering judgment, said "that no author-
ity can be found which gives any right of visitation
or interruption over the vessels and navigation of
other States on the high seas, except what the righI
of -war gives to belligerents against neutrals._
It we concede to England the right of visita-
tion alone, we concede the right of search along
with it; there is nothing but a flimsy technicality
separating them in name, while in practice it is
entirely dissipated. Then, by whatever deceptive
and alluring name the powers, or rights, conferred
under the eighth ariiele of the treaty, mutually
upon the two Governments, may be called—the
right conferred is the mutual right of search, to be
exercised under the "orders of the two Governments."
The British minister advised our Government
that all further pretensions to the right of search
were abandoned. Whether, by this, England
meant to visit our ships, irrespective of our
wishes, and then shelter the outrage behind
the technicality she employed, after attaining all
the substantial ends to which a search would lead;
or whether she designed to hold the one in terror
over us until, by treaty, we should surrender the
other to her, is unknown. But certain it is, that,
from the correspondence between Lord Ashburton
and Mr. Webster, communicated to Congress by
the President, it does not appear that the British
minister made any demand, or offered any negotia-
tion, to our Government, upon the subject. It
seems that his Government was satisfied with his
own position; while that of America became the
moverof the proposition. The stipulation appearsto
have been the free-will offering of the American
Secretary to the cupidity of England. How far the
fear that England might refuse the mutuality of the
right, unless stipulated for, controlled the conces-
sion at this time, is only a matter of conjecture.
The correspondence accompaning the treaty dis-
closes and sustains the fact, that the whole of the
eighth article was not only the voluntary conces-
sion of the American Government, but that the
right of search was the concession intended to be
made to the British Government by the terms of
that article.
In the year 18-10, ail agreement was entered into
between the officers commanding the ships of each
Government on the coast of Africa, providing for
mutual co-operation m suppressing the slave-trade;
and that co-operation being the exercise of the mu-
tual right of search. This agreement was disap-
proved by this Government, and there it terminated.
Fending the correspondence relative to the treaty
at Washington, the Secretary of State calls upon
the officer who executed this agreement, for in-
formation of its nature. On the 2d of May, 1842,
Lieutenant Paine, m a letter to Mr. Webster,
says:
• "As the wish of the State Department seems to
be to ascertain the nature of the agreement itself,
and the action of myself thereon; and as I wish to
forward this view promptly, I shall restrict myself
to^hese points, commencing with the agreement,
of which the following is a copy:
'Commander William Tucker, of her Britannic
Majesty's sloop Wolverine, and senior officer on.
the west coast of Africa, and Lieutenant John J.
Paine, commanding the Un ted States schooner
Grampus, in order to carry into execution, as far
as possible, the orders and views of their respective
Governments respecting the suppression of the
slave-trade, hereby request each other, and agree,
to detain all vessels under American colors found
to be iully equipped and engaged in the slave-trade;
that, if found to be American propertv, they shall
be handed over to the United Slates schooner
Grampus, or any other American cruiser; and that,
if found to be Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian, or
English property, to any of her Britannic Majesty's
cruisers employed on the west coast of Africk for
the suppression"of the slave-trade, so far as their re-
spective laws and treaties will permit.
'Signed and exchanged at Sierra Leone tlys
11th March, 18-10.
'JOHN S. PAINE,
1Commanding U S schr. Grampus.
'WM. TUCKER,
' Command'g IT B. M. sloop Wolverine, tf-c,' "
Comparing this agreement with the eighth ar-
ttcle of the treat}', it will be seen that the terms
of the former suggested the idea of those of the lat-
ter; and theprachce, under the agreement, leaves us
no reason to doubt what was designed by the par-
ties should be that under the treaty. The incorpo-
ration of the principle of this agreement into the
treaty the adoption of the stipulation as to the mode
of "effectually" abolishing the slave-trade—shows
an abandonment of the principles hitherto asserted,
and the rights before maintained by our Govern-
ment and the uneonduionalsurrender toEnglandof
her haughty demandof the rightof search over our
vessels. The arrogance of her demand is miti-
