192
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th ComG""3d Sess,
The British Treaty—Mr. Meriwether.
H of Reps.
gated only by the fact, that the exercise of the right
is under municipal regulation, and not by the law
of nations.
Upon the communication of this agreement to
the American Government, by Lieut. Paine, Mr.
Secretary Paulding replies; and, after remarking
to him (Paine) that "he has delegated to thatol-
ficer(British)the right to seize vessels under Amer-
ican colors," continues: "Such a delegation of
power is not only unauthorized by your instruc-
tions, but contrary to the established and well-known
principles and policy of your Government, and is,
therefore, not sanctioned by the department"—"the
great object of the co-operation being to'obviate the
difficulties of capture, growing out of assuming
Portuguese, English, Spanish, or Brazilian colors
when overhauled by an American, or American
colors when overhauled by a British cruiser. For
this purpose, you are authorized to cruise in com-
pany and in co-operation with any British vessel
of war employed on the slave-coast, iu pursuit of
objects similar to your own." Lieut. Paine, m
communicating this disapproval to the British offi-
cer on the 27th April, 1841, says' "Prom (he above
extract, you will see that the Secretary of the Navy
at Washington is careful to avoid giving counte-
nance to the practice of detaining American vessels,
even though they beslavers,unless by American ves-
sels of war. The best, if not the only means ot co-ope-
ration left, would seem to be exchanging informa-
tion, or cruising in company." Another proposi-
tion was made, in 1841, to re-adopt a similar agree-
ment, which was refused by the same officer; and,
in 1842, the agreement was embraced in the treaty
stipulation.So far as the President aud Senate
could go, to give that treaty effect, they have gone.
Itnow remains for the House of Representatives to
determine whether, by ail appropriation for a
squadron on the African coast, they too will
concur in the relinquishment of that great and
inestimable principle—our absolute immunity from
search. England having iailed to bully France
into its surrender, now seeks quietly to dupe
the American Government into an acquies-
cence of her haughty and insolent demands. And
shall the immediate representatives of the people
tamely cower before this impudent pretension, or
inglorjously embrace the dishonorable terms ot
peace which England's self-esteem has prescribed1?
Shall we permit the citizens of our Republic, pur-
suing their legitimate callings on the high seas,
to be pursued by British cruisers— eaptuied, de-
tained, searched, and perhaps carried into port,
placed in duress, injiu ed in their businessall for
the gratification of knowing that American vessels
of war might be permitted to treat the British ]gj£-
sels in the same mannerl Never. The righnrf
search is a belligerent right, which, whenever ex-
ercised by foreign nations towards the ships of
America, is a just cause of war; and it can never
be surrendered by treaty stipulations, or otherwise,
without dishonor and disgrace to the national char-
acter. And the highest duty which a representa-
tive of the American people owes to his country,
is promptlv to reject all and each proposition which
seeks tu give effect to a tieaty surrendering so
high a right.
Why the arrogant pretensions of England to-
wards the shipping of America should be so readily
and cheerfully acknowledged by our Government, is
unaccountable. It is true, she has interdicted the
slave-trade; but it was not until she had enriched
her subjects, and filled the American colonies
with slaves against their wishes.^ She has made the
trade piracy; but it was done only to assimilate her-
self to the wisdom and justice of our own Govern-
ment, and to follow its example.
The British nation had carried on the slave-
!rade for two centuries—not only to supply her own
colonies, but those ot France and Spain. Under the
first Stuart kings of England, joint stock-companies
were chartered with exclusive privileges for the
trade. By the treaty of Utrecht, the British traders
were entitled to the monopoly of the trade in the
dominions of "his Catholic Majesty in America''—
"at the rate of 4X-0Q negroes yearly, for the space of
thirty years successively." On the accession of
Charles II, upon the representation that morene-
groes were needed on the Bri ish plantations in
America, he "publicly invited his subjects to the
subscription of a new joint-stock company for
receiving and carrying on the trade of Ahiea."
In 1703, the State of Massachusetts imposed a heavy
duty on the importation of slaves; in 1767, they at-
tempted to establish a duty equivalent to prohibition,
which was defeated by the council established by
the Crown. The Colonial Legislatures of Penn-
sylvania and New Jersey attempted to interdict
the trade by similar duties; but their enactments
were rejected by the Crown. Virgim> petitioned
the Crown to remove all restraints from the gover-
nors of that colony, inhibiting their assent to laws
checking the slave-trade; and so indignantly was
this respectful petition treated, that no answer was
given to it. .
Upon the Declaration of Independence, in 17/0,
the American Congress passed a resolution against
the purchase of slaves imported from Africa.
Upon the adoption of the Federal Constitution, the
importation of slaves after 1st January, 1808, was pro-
hibited. In 1794, Coneress passed a law subject-
ing to fine and imprisonment any American cm-
zen who engaged, in the A-friCtin sliive-Vrane; and
in 1807, a law was passed carrying into effect the
clause of the Constitution prohibiting the African
slave-trade.
The American Government interdicted the for-
eign slave-trade thirteen years before GreatBritain:
they had made it "punishable as a crime" some
years before; and made the period of non-impor-
tation into the Union four years earlier than that
assigned by GreatBritain for her colonies. Why,
then, is it that Amcrica must yield so much to this
eleventh hour convert against the African slave-
trade"?—that, proud and insolent as she is, her haugh-
ty and arrogant officers shall arrest our vessels on
the high seas, open their hatches, muster their
crew, inspect their papers, overhaul their cargo,
and treat with contumely and contempt the humbly
but nobly-born American, to know whether he is
violating the laws of America, as a pirate and
thief? Is such contumely as this to be borne'?
It was not until after the peace of 1814 that this
right of search was first agitated as the only effec-
tual means of suppressing the slave-trade. In
1816, it was admitted by Lord Castlereagh that the
right of search, being a belligerent tight, had
ceased with the wai; and, if only one State resisted
the right, it could not be exercised against her.
In 1818. an application was made to the American
Government to surrender this right by treaty.
The proposition was met with signal ability, and
repelled most properly, by the then Secretary of
State, John Gtuincy Adams.
In conclusion of his reply, he says: "The search
by foreign officers, even in time ol war, is so ob-
noxious to the feelings and recollections of this
country, that nothing could reconcile them to an
extension of it, however qualified or restricted, in
time of peace." And it is very much doubted
whether, at this time, such a practice is less repul-
sive to the feelings and recollections of the Ameri-
can people. Notwithstanding the treaty of Ghent was
made in 1814, yet up to this time no British states-
man has ever dared to assert the exercise of the
ri<*ht of search upon American vessels, except in
time of war; and then, as a belligerent right only.
In the year 1824, a convention between England
and the United States was held, which provided
for the mutual right of search and visitation under
a variety of restrictions and regulations; which
failed to be ratified on account of causes other than
those growing out of the exercise of this right.
During this negotiation, no intimation was made
of the right of visitation and search on the high
seas, in time of peace, for any purpose independ-
ent of compact. So late as the year 1839, it was
avowed by the Duke of Wellington, in the British
Parliament, that, as to "searching vessels of the
United States foi papers, &c., there was every
reason to believe that that power would decidedly
resist any such attempt on our part."
No longer ago than January, 1840, the British
Government—in addressing the Haytien Govern-
ment upon the subject of a law passed by it in 1839,
pioviding that any vessel, whether Haytien or
otherwise, found in the act of slave-trading, should
be seized and brought into a port for adjudication
held this language: "Now, Hayti has undoubtedly
a full right to make such an enactment about her
own citizens and ships; but her Majeshj's Govern-
ment apprehend that Hayti has no right to legislate
for the ships and subjects or citizens of other
States." "That, in lime of peace, no ships belong-
in" to one State have a Tight to search and detain
ships sailing under the flag of, and belonging to,
other States, without the permission of such States,
which permission is generally signified by tieaty;
and, if Haytien cruiseis were to stop, search, and
s detain merchant vessels sailing tinder the flag of,
and belonging'to, another country, even though such
vessels were engaged in the slave-trade, the State
to which such vessels belonged' would have frisk
grounds for demanding satisfaction and reparation
from Hayti, unless such State had previously
given to Hayti, by treaty, the right of search and
detention." These are the positions England as-
sumes, when she speaks m defence of h$r oipa.
rights against invasion. When she invades the
rights of others, her positions are shaped to suit the
occasion.
It was only as late as the year 1841 that England
ever asserted this right, and then qualifiedly.
Lord Aberdeen says: "In certain latitudes, antl f<?r
a particular-object, the vessels referred to are
visited—not as American, but either as British ves-
sels engaged in unlawful traffic, and carrying the.
flag of the United States for a criminal purpose; or
as belonging to Slates which have ceded the right
of search to Great Britain, or as piratical out-
laws." Upon this visitation, search, capture, apd
detention follow; and the vessel iscarried into port
for adjudication, upon the discretion of a 3ntish
officer, and befote a British court. If, upon trial,
it proves to be an American vessel, and engagdd
in lawful business, she is discharged; but England,
having the right to search her, pays neither the ex-
penses of detention, nor the cost of suit; and these
lrequently amount to as much, and more, than the
vessel and cargo are worth. It is thus that the
rights of our citizens are prostrated by England;
and who may not see the policy she might have in
view by thus acting, when she sought to monop-
olize the commerce of any country, and to drive
our vessels from it"? And the only remuneration
which our Government or its citizens receive from
this outrage, is the assurance that England did "not
visit this vessel as an American vessel!
And now, under these circumstances, with such
a weight of authority to sustain us—as though the
act was too shameless to bear its avowal openly,
by an introduction in a treaty—this important right
of search has been surrendered to the power and
discretion of the Executive, to be bartered away to
England, under his orders, for a corresponding
right from the British Government! The Govern-
ment of the United States has gone further than,
any other nation in suppressing the African slave-
trade. It was in the advance in declaring it pira-
cy; and it has ever been a matter of desire to in-
duce other nations to attach the punishment and
odium of the crime to the act. But the United
States desired to protect her citizens against the
possibility of abuse; and, in doing so, it was only
necessary to distinguish between piracy, as a mu-
nicipal regulation, and as a crime against the laws
of nations. We have ever adhered to the difference
of rights created by this difference in principle.
The offender against our laws is subject to be tried
in our own courts alone; and the right to search
our vessels on the high seas belongs to no other
people on earth but the officers of our Government;
and its exercise by any other must and will be re-
garded as the exercise of a belligerent right, and "Will
be treated accordingly.
The utmost that the law of nations has ever
warranted, or justified, was the right of public
armed vessels cruising for pirates on the rugii
seas, to the mere authority of approaching
suspicious vessels for the purpose of ascertain-
ing their real character, by any means short ol ac-
tual visitation and search. If the vessel should
prove to be engaged in illegal trade, under the laws
of nations.the search is justified; but if, on the con-
trary, she is engaged in lawful pursuits, the visit-
ation is illegal, the search unjustified, and the
party performs both at the hazard of the conse-
quences. These are the grounds on which the
American Government has always stood, and al-
ways been justified, even by England herself, ex-
cept when her interests \vere different. And now
the plain question presents itseli—whether we shall
abandon these high and noble grounds at the inso-
lent dictation of England'? Why should we aban-
don them1? Have our vessels been engaged intne
slave-trade to such an extent that extraordinary
measures have to be resorted to, to stop that pirati-
cal business1? No. For many years, I am infqrmed,
no American vessel has been thus employed.
Why, then, when our treaty stipulations have been
observed with a religious faith—when our vessels
have never been engaged in the violation ot he
laws of our own Government—why is it that me
laws of nations are to be wholly revolutionized, and
the rights of our citizens on the high seas tram-
