194
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Cong-•■•3d Skss.
Indemnity for slaves—Mr. Giddings.
H. of Reps.
which, added to the original cost of the vessels,
makes an expenditure of $1,830,152. Prom the
unhealthy character of the station, and the great ex-
posure to disease, it is fair to presume that one-
eighth of the officers, seamen, and marines on
board will, either in person or their families, be
made pensioners on the treasury of the Govern-
ment. The number of men (including officers) to
be employed on the station is 708. The commerce
« hicti this disproportionably large squadron is de-
signed to protect, is insignificant in the extreme.
From the commercial report for twelve months
ending the 30th September, 1841, it appears that
there was imported into the United Slates, lrom Af-
rica, $403,055 of merchandise; during the same
time, the total amount of exports to that country
was $636,768—making a commerce of $1,045,723.
The actual cost of the ships exceeds the whole
amount of the importations; and the annual ex-
pense exceeds 25 per cent, of the whole commerce.
But the amount of commerce stated includes the
whole of all Africa—that on the Mediterranean
(which is by far the greatest portion) as well as
that on the eastern coast; and it is doubted whether
that which it is designed especially to protect would
amouBttoten per cent, of the whole amount; and
whether the annual expenses of the squadron
would not more than double it in amount. That
portion of the commerce on the Mediterranean is
defended by a squadron now there; that on the
eastern coast, by the Pacific squadron.
If similar protection was extended to our commerce
elsewhere—assumingthat the whole amount of that
of Africa comes from the region to be covered by
our navy—the annual expenses of our naval estab-
lishment would greatly exceed fifty millions of dol-
lars. Hitherto, the Government has not found it
necessary to keep upon that coast more than one or
two vessels of small size. England has of late
years assumed the right of searching all that were
suspicious, and upon no occasion has an American
ship been found engaged in the piratical slave-trade.
Nor does any information reach us that any good
or bad cause exists to create the belief that our
citizens are preparing to engage in that trade. Why,
then, has this very sudden and very large increase
of expense been 'added to our national expendi-
tures'? Is it to furnish a fleet to aid England in de-
lecting the villany of her own subjects, and to tax
the people of the United States for the benefit of
her tieasury1? Or has she haughtily menaced us
with the continued pidcticc of searching our ves-
sels'? and, as terms of compromise, and to "buy our
peace," has our Government surrendered the right
—to be cloaked, however, by its mutuality on her
part, and as a consideration for the specious cover-
ing which veils it, stipulated for an annual tribute,
to be furnished in vessels and Mien"!
Viewing the provisions of the eighth article in
whatever light possible, no other conviction can be
arrived at, than that to give it validity by the ac-
tion of the Legislature is to dishonor the Ameri-
can name, and to prostrate the interests and rights
of American citizens.
SPEECH OP MR. GIDDINGS,
OF OHIO.
In the House of Representatives, February 13,1843.
On his motion lo reconsidcr the vote taken upon
the final passage of the "bill for the relief of the
owners of slaves lost from on board the Comet
and Encomium."
The Speaker having announced the question—
Mr. GIDDINGS remarked that he had, made
the motion to reconsider the vote just taken, more
for the purpose of calling the attention of the coun-
try to ihe character of the bill under consider-
ation, than with the expectation of preventing its
passage.
I have (said he) moved the reconsideration, more
for the purpose ot absolving myself from all par-
ticipation in the guilt of aiding m the objects con-
templated by its framers, than with the hope of
saving the country, and this Congress, from becom-
ing participators in the odium justly attached to
this "execrable commerce in human beings." I
will remark, that the duty which now devolves
upon me has resulted from the action of other gen-
tlemen. I have not sought it, but it has been forced
upon me. I call the House and the country to wit-
ness, that neither now, nor on any former occasion,
have I unnecessarily thrust this subject of slavery,
or the slave-trade, upon the House. On the con-
trary, the war on my part has, at all times, been
one of defence; it is peculiarly so at this time.
The House are fully aware that "a bill for the re-
lief of the owners of slaves on board the Comet
and Encomium" was reported at an early period
of the late session. It directed certain officers of
this Government to institute an inquiry, and to as-
certain who were the owners of the persons on
board the slave ships Comet and Encomium; and
having determined upon the title by which certain
persons owned certain other persons, such officer was
to pay over the sum of more than seven thousand
dollars, obtained from the British Government by
Martin Van Buren, late President of the United
States, and by the late Secretary of State, John
Forsyth, paid to William Selden, Treasurer, and by
him placed to the credit of the Government.
Seeing a bill reported by one of the regular com-
mittees of this House, which thus plainly, upon its
face, sought to encourage the slave-trade, I exam-
ined the subject, so far as to satisfy myself that the
whole proceedings of the President, and our min-
ister at the Court of St. James, had, from the com-
mencement to their termination, been a most pal-
pable violation of our Constitution, and ot the con-
stitutional rights of the free States, as well as a
reproach upon our national character. I deter-
mined to oppose its passage to the extent of my
humble ability. It came up on several days allot-
ted to such private bills as were not objected to,
and, as often as it was called, I objected to its pass-
age; and, on being appealed to by the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
who reported it, I assured him that my objections
were substantial and sineere, and that in no way
could I consent to the passage of any bill for the
benefit of those who deal in human flesh.
The gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Stan-
ly] came to my seat, and requested me to withdraw
my objections, and appeared to think it unkind in
me to persist in obstructing its passage. Entertain-
ing a high opinion of his liberality and courtesy, I
felt- anxious to satisfy him that I was governed by
no frivolous objection. I stated to him that the
money had been paid to the Treasurer without au-
thority of law, and could be safely withdrawn with-
out any action of Congress, for it had never been
the money of the nation; it was received without
our sanction, and the sureties of the Treasurer were
not holden for it; and that we had no legitimate
control over it. He said the Treasurer would not
take it from the treasury without a law for that
purpose. I stated to him that I merely objected to
staining our hands in the guilt of that transaction,
and that no one desired to keep the money; that,
as it was the price of blood, and a stain upon our
national character, I was anxious to get rid of it;
and suggested that the bill might be so amended as
lo avoid any objections on my part. He asked me
to draw such an amendment, and I did so at my
seat. The amendment simply authorized the
Treasurer to withdraw the money from the treasury,
without committing ourselves or the nation in any
manner to its further disposition, I thought this
would save Congress and the people from partici-
pating in the guilt and disgrace of this slave-trading
transaction, and would save the discussion into
which I am now most unexpectedly forced, with-
out preparation, and under circumstances which
render my efforts hopeless. The gentleman con-
sulted with his colleagues, and agreed to the
amendment, which he subsequently offered, and
which was adopted on his motion; and without
further objection the bill passed, and was sent to
the Senate.
■ It will thus be seen that the form of the bill, as it
then passed the House, was such as met the views
of that gentleman and his friends, as well as of
myself. I supposed him to act in good faith, and
had not the least suspicion that he would have act-
ed with less liberality and candor toward me, than
I had manifested toward him. But for his appa-
rent satisfaction with the amendment, I should have
persisted m my objections; and should have kept
the bill in committee, where it would have been
fully discussed, and its merits understood. I did
not then expect the bill to come here in its present
form; but had I known that it would have returned
m its present shape, [ could not have believed that
the gentleman from North Carolina would have
attempted to prevent the expression of my views by
springing the previous question. This manage-
ment has created in me some unpleasant emotions,
for it comes from a source from which I had not
expected it. However, the bill was sent to the
Senate, where it was amended, by striking out the
whole of it, and restoring the original as it was
reported to this House. This amendment of the
Senate came up this morning for concurrence, and
the gentleman from North Carolina obtained the
floor; and, after briefly stating that the money was.
in the treasury, and that, from my peculiar views,
I was opposed to its passage,but that no other mem-
ber bad objections to the bill, he called for the
previous question. I appealed to him to withdraw
his call, to enable me to state my objections. This
he refused; and, in so doing, has forfeited that
claim to courtesy which I supposed him to possess.
I mean nothing disrespectful to that gentleman
when I say that I had not authorized him to slate
to the House that I was opposed to this bill. I had
never constituted him the exponent of my views.
Again, sir: If that gentleman intended to say
that I was the only member who entertained objec-
tions to this bill, he has stated that which he was not
authorized to say. Such is not the fact. Other
gentlemen were anxious tostatetheir objections; but
his adroitness in calling the previous question has
denied them the privilege, which I have saved to
myself by a sort of legislative stratagem,* which,
under almost any other circumstances, I would cot
iractise. Having done this, and now being in the
egitimate possession of the floor, I beg leave to say
to the House that it is no part of my purpose unne-
cessarily to call up unpleasant feelings in the mind
of any member; yet I intend to speak with perfect
frankness, and I intend calling things by their right
names, without circumlocution, or particular deli-
cacy, in regard to this slave-trade.
We are called on to interpose the supreme pow-
er of the nation to aid the pecuniary views of cer-
tain mdividuals resident in this District and vicin-
ity, who, in 1831, entered into a commercial specu-
lation for the purchase, exportation, and sale of a
certain other portion of the population resident here
and in the surrounding country. For this purpose
they chartered the ship "Comet," to sail from Alex-
andria to New Orleans; they then made their pur-
chasesof men, women, and children. Here, sir,
in sight of the hall in which we are now sitting,
and in full view of the "star-spangled banner"
which floats over this edifice, consecrated to the
maintenance of our national honor and human
freedom, they examined the bodies, viewed the pro-
portions, determined upon the age, and fixed the
value of fathers, mothers, sisters, brothers, and
children. Then came the separation. All the ties
of domestic life were severed ; the child torn from
its parents; brothers were taken, whileparents and
sisters were left; the fond mother chained to the
cofle, and forced from her home and hearth amid
the heart-rending cries of her child; while deep
agony and unutterable anguish sat upon every
countenance, except those of the slave-dealers, who,
without a pulsation of human sympathy, with whip
in band, forced their drove of "human chattels"on
board the slave ship lying at yonder wharf, in plain
view of the windows in front of our hall. 1 cannot
say what was going on here when these unfortu-
nate members of our common family were thrust
on board that ship, and each took his last, long,
lingering look at the towering dome ot this Capi-
tol—the pride and ornament of our nation. Prob-
ably some Democrat was at that moment expatia-
ting upon the "inalienable rights of man"—upon
that "largest liberty," so constantly the theme of
their party; or, peradventure, the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] was demonstrating to this
House that Congress has no constitutional right
to interfere with this slave-trade, upheld by, and
carried on under, an act of Congress; and which
we are called on to-day to encourage and sustain,
by the passage of the bill before us, in this District.
Whatever was the business here, the slaves were
driven on board; the sails were unfurled; and this
ship, crowded with "weeping humanity," under the
guidance of her piratical master and those specu-
lators, was wafted down the Potomac on her voy-
age to New Orleans.
But, sir, these "women buyers" failed to accom-
plish their mercenary purposes; and we are now
sitting here, gravely legislating to enable them to
carry out the objects of their undertaking. Yes, sir;
place this subject in whatever attitude yon please—
throw around it whatever sophistry you can—the
truth will be developed to the world, that, in the
year 1843, an American Congress sat gravely le-
gislating- for the benefit of " slave-breeders" ana
"Mr. Giddings voted in the affirmative, on tile passage of I tte
bill, for the purpose of moving a reconsideration, which con.a
not be done by any one votjpg in the minority.
