f&"U4*7
2?tb Conq«"'3  Sess.
APPlNDlt f0 tfMfc CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
Indemnity for slaves—Mr. Giddings
s8ss*
11
H. of" Reps.
duty spd,independence would permit; but, notwith-
stapding-my exertions for that purpose, I have been
driven to if; and I trust that gentemen will excuse
me if ,I speak frankly. The subject of slavery, or
of: the slave-trade, never ought to have been men-
tioned in this hall. Accursed be the memory of
him who first profaned this temple ol freedom with
the discussion of slavery and the slave-trade. Let
the execrations of posterity rest upon those .who in-
volved the National Government in these subjects,
by.trampling on the Constitution and constitutional
rights of the free States. But we have becoiiie m-
volvedin these questions; and it shall be my object
now, and at all times, to correct the error into
which we have fallen. I will use my utmost exer-
tions to banish it from our deliberations—to erase
it fiom our records—to separate the people of the
free States and this Government from it—and to
place aji impassable gulf between our people of the
tree States and an institution which we detest. It
was this desire which led me to consent to the ar-
rangement by which these persons might have ob-
tained this money, without involving us in their
guilt and disgrace.
Yet, sir, this bill is thrust upon us; not, however,
with the intention of discussing it, but for the pur-
pose of forcing; us to pass it without discussion, and
without investigating its merits. We are asked to
sustain it without examination; and if we refuse
to do that, it is to be forced upon us by means of
the previous question. This want of examination,
and consequent ignorance of the bill, is one reason
why I cannot snpport it; but I have many other
cogent reasons for opposing its passage.
1st. Its passage is entirely unnecessary to enable
the claimants to obtain the rtioney, if it belongs to
them.
2d. Its passage would be a palpable violation of
the Constitution.
3d. Respect for ourselves, and for the honor of
the free States, forbids its passage.
4th. lis passage is entirely opposed to the prin-
ciple so strongly urged and maintained in this hall
for the last six years, "that this House has no right
to act on this subject."
Aside from these, I have some objections to the
passage of this bill, which apply to me personally.
It is now less than eleven months since 1 introduced
to the consideration of gentlemen here certain reso-
lutions, settingforth my views of the constitutional
right of the people of the free States to be exempt
from the expense, the disgrace, and the guilt ol this |
slave-trade. They expressed my solemn belief in
regard to that subjeci; and I am not aware that any
member here has, to this day, been found willing to
deny their correctness. But, sir, this assertion of
the rights of the people of Ohio, and of the free
States, did not suit the views of certain "natural
allies" of the slave-breeding Democracy of the
South. They appear to have sounded peculiarly
harsh in the ear of my colleague from the Butler
district. His Democratic principles appeared to be
severely shocked at the thought of our people being
exempt from this business of slave-breeding and
slave-trading. Yes, sir, such was his horror at the
bare proposition of'such a separation, that he felt it
his duty immediately to introduce a resolution of
censure upon me. for so unpatriotic an act. Nor
was that all; he went further, and demanded the
previous question, in order to prevent me from
being heard m my defence; fearing, I presume,
that I might be guilty of uttering irreverent expres-
sions concerning this "delicate subject," and there-
by call down upon myself further punishment. I
would not be understood as imputing any unkind
motives to my colleague; no, sir, I am bound to
say that I think he was guided by rus best judg-
ment. Well, sir, you, with an impartiality which
I feel bound to say has characterized the discharge
of the arduous duties of Speaker during the pres-
ent Congress, decided that the previous question
would not deprive me of making a defence, nor
others of the right of making a defence for me, as it
was a question of privilege.
To this decision my friend, the honorable chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, took
exception; and appealed to the House, who sustain-
ed his appeal. I impute to that gentleman no per-
sonal unkindness, but presume he did it to prevent
the waste of time, and consequent delay of the pub-
lic business.
Mr. Fillmore stated, that at the time he took the
appeal, he did not anticipate the passage of ths  reso-
lution of censure; that he did it merely to prevent
the delay of public business, and not from any feel-
ing of unkindness, or to favor the resolution.
Mr. Giddings resumed. I had no doubt, Mr.
Speaker, that such was the fact; and I have now
alluded to the appeal more for the purpose of en-
abling that gentleman to set himself right before
the country, than from any considerations personal
to myself. But, Mr. Speaker, these resolutions—
drawing the line of demarcation between this slave-
trade and the people of the free States, appear to
have met with but little favor in the mind of my ex-
perienced political friend over the way, from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Everett.] He, sir, is a leading mem-
ber of that party with whom I have been proud to
act; but the mere introduction of these resolutions
was characterized by him as a "firebrand course,"
which he informed the country he looked upon
"with abhorrence." The subject is now introduced
by those who act in favor of the slave-trade; bat
I have heard nothing of that gentleman's "abhor-
rence." It is pressed through the House with as
much indecent haste as was the resolution of cen-
sure; but I have heard nothing from that gentle-
man in regard to this "firebrand course." There
is an old and common saying, that "circumstances
alter cases."
Another gentleman, representing in part the old
Bay State, which has ever been forward in the
cause of liberty and* patriotism—the gentleman at
my right, [Mr. Cushing,] who was bred almost in
sight of "Faneuil Hall," designated as the "cradle
of liberty;"—the resolutions proved unacceptable
to him; and I must do him the justice to say that he
has, so far as I know, been a consistent advocate of
this slave-trade. Indeed, I am not aware of a sin-
gle instance, since 1 have been a member here,
when that gentleman has spoken on the subject, in
which he has failed to advocate the interests of that
commerce. His sense of propriety was so greatly
shocked at the doctrine contained in my resolu-
tions, that he unhesitatingly pronounced them "an
approximation to treason;" and, from his acknowl-
edged consistency on this subject, I entertain no
doubt that he will now lend his aid and influence
to sustain the interests to which he has exhibited
so much attachment. I should have been pleased
to pass over this portion of the political history of
our legislative action concerning the slave-trade,
but, having been pressed into the consideration of it, I
could not,in duty to myself, omitsome slight allusion
to matters that transpired at the time when I last
had the honor of calling public attention to it; and
I apprehend that no gentleman will think them cal-
culated to make a very favorable impression upon
my own mind in regard to the bill under considera-
tion.
It will be recollected that, on a recent occasion,
the member from Georgia, in front of the Speaker,
alluded to this vote of censure in terms not very
courteous.
[Mr. Black interrupted Mr. Giddings, and said:
"I wish to know if the gentleman from Ohio intends
to allude to my remarks on a former occasion? If
he does, I shall surely call him to order."
Mr. Giddinus, When that question shall come
up in parliamentary form, I will answer it.
The Speaker said he should endeavor to call the
gentleman from Ohio to order, if he wandered
from the question before the House.
Mr. Black sat down, and Mr. GiDDisraa re-
sumed.]
That gentleman remarked that this House, by its
vote of censure, had "stripped me of the influence
which I had once possessed."
When I returned to this hall, and resumed my
official duties, m May last, I determined never to
allude, in a public manner, to the transaction to
which the gentleman from Georgia referred. The
matter had gone to the people. With them I was
willing it should rest. I could not add to its im-
portance; and I was unwilling to detract irom the
salutary consequences which I believed would re-
sult from such an outrage upon the representative
character. The record of that transaction is fully
made up; and I shall attempt to make no altera-
tion or interlineations: nor did I expect that any
member who had voted for the censure wou'd de-
sire to drag the subject again before the country.
I was willing to leave it where the votes of my
constituents had placed it. I will also take this
occasion to say, that I feel no heartburnings to-
wards those who sustained the resolution of my
colleague. The people of my district have so
fully and so triumphantly repelled the injury of-
fered to themselves and to me,'that it would be do-
ing injustice to them for me to add one word- to
the judgment which they have given ol the trans-
action. To many of those who voted to censure
me, I shall bear with me, to private life, recoliec:
tions of friendship and respect; and to themv I
would not say a word which should call up an
unpleasant thought of what is past. But to the
gentleman from Georgia I will say: Sir, I hoH
my seat here by virtue of the sovereign will and
pleasure of ninety thousand free people of the gal-
lant State of Ohio. My commission comes from
them, and not from the member from Georgia, nor
from the members of this House.' Those freemen
have conferred on me whatever political influence
I possess; and no slave breeder or overseer, nor,
the representative of slaves, has the moral power
to disrobe me of it. To those electors ot' the
"banner district" I shall soon resign my influence,
untainted and unaffected by the foul breath of slave-
holding or slave dealing Democracy. Whether
this House has stripped me of my influence, or
my constituents have stripped this House of its in-
fluence on this subject, is not for me or the mem-
ber from Georgia to say: the country will deter-
mine that point; and I am willing to await their
verdict. These are circumstances, however, which
conduce to my personal opposition to this bill: they
are matters that cannot apply with equal force to
other members.
A due regard to consistency in legislation forbids
the passage of this bill. In our sovereign capacity
as a National Legislature, we have declared the
crime of slave-trading piracy, and have affixed to.
it the highest penalty known to human laws. We.
have declared such as commit this most execrable
of all crimes unfit to associate with human beings;
and we hang them without mercy. The operation
of this law is confined, however, to the eastern por-
tion of the Atlantic, while the offences of these ap-
plicants were committed upon the western part of
that ocean. To-day we are called on to pass a law-
ior the relief of these persons; while we hang, with-
out discrimination, all who pursue the same busi-
ness a few degrees of longitude further east. I am
in favor of dealing out justice with an even hand.
I would give these applicants the "same relief"
that we grant to those who follow the same-business
in a different longitude. I would exhibit no more
regard for tft'e honor of Africa, than I would for
that of our own nation. It is, however, a fact, that
if a man goes from this city to Africa, and engages
in the slave-trade, the whole world considers him
worthy of immediate death; butu he remain here,
and buy and export our own people, who have
been born and bred with us—whose attachments are
formed here, and whose minds are enlightened and
christianized—in whose veins "flow the best blood
of Virginia;"—why, sir, for this outrage upon hu-
manity we are called to pass laws for his pecuniary
relief ! Our people of the free States are taxed ,to
pay us and our officers while we are engaged here
m legislating for their benefit. To-morrow, per-
haps, we shall be called to tax them to sustain a
fleet on the coast of Africa, in order to suppress the
slave-trade. Will gentlemen who vote to encour-
age this trade to-day, face to the right-about to-
morrow, and vote millions of the people's money
to suppress it? Are gentlemen prepared to vote,
one way to-day, and directly the contrary to-mor-
row? We are now using the money of the people
of the free States to encourage the slave trade; and
will gentlemen appropriate the money of our people
to-morrow to suppress it? Are we under such per-
fect drill, that we face to the right, to the left, or to
the right-about, at the bidding of the slaveholding
influence? How long shall Northern men con-
tinue to march and countermarch at the bidding of
this slave-breeding power? Sir, we send our fleets
to Africa, at vast expense, to prevent the importa-
tion of slaves. We are to expend at least a
lion of dollars annually, to give a monopoly of this
"execrable commerce" to the slave-breeding States;
while their Representatives here violently oppose
the protection of all other manufactures. This
high Virginia tariff is not only to be protected, at
our expense, from all foreign competition; but we
are to go still further, and make the nation insurers
to those who engage in the exportation of this
"chattelized population." I am unwilling to in-
volve myself in these inconsistencies, absurdities,
and contradictions.
The bill directs the Treasurer to pay this money
to the owners of these persons. What i$ to be the
evidence of title by which one man owns another?
The proposition is an absurdity too palpable to
