m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.'
2.'th Cong*— 3d Sess.
Commercial hi'.crcowun uith China—Mr. J C. C lark.
H. of Reps.
placed in our statute-book. The title, and the only
title, which one man ever held to another, is that
of brute f_>rce. It is the title by which the robber
claims yoar purse; the same title by which the
pirate claims his captured ship and cargo. It is,
however, a title which we, as a nation, do not recog-
nise. It is one which the people of the free States
repudiate. It is one to which I will not give even
a silent or tacit consent, by instituting such an in-
quiry.
But the bill goes further, and directs the Treas-
urer to pay to the owners of each slave "such sum
as he is entitled to receive." By this form of ex-
pression,.! suppose it was intended to give to each
the value of the person claimed. How will you es-
timate the value of a man1! Does it depend upon
his complexion'? for,sir, there are all grades of color
in this market. Or which is deemed the most val-
able—black, or white, or a mixture of both'? Or
shall our officer be governed by the genealogy of
the slave, in estimating his value'! If he have de-
scended, in the paternal line, from one of the best
families in the "Old Dominion," shall he be deem-
ed of greater value than if he wore of pure
African blood"! Does such mixture improve or de-
teriorate the value of a man? These,sir, are all 01
them "delicate questions," which 1 should like to
bear answered by some of the friends of the bill be-
fore I can vote foi it. Again: some may desire to
know whether intelligence is to fix the value. Is a
man who reads and writes, and possesses better in-
formation than his master, or than masters gener-
ally possess, of more value than one who is stupid,
ignorant, arid incapable of instructing his owner?
And, sir, others may wish to know what the politi-
cal faith of a man is, before they fix his value.
They will inquire Whether he be a Whig or a
Democrat; or, particularly, whether "he goes the
Liberty party." And my friend over here in "the
stall," [Mr. Snyder of Pa.,] would inquire whether
lie be of pure Dutch descent, or whether he has a
'•sprinkling" of the Yankee in his veins. These
are all difficulties which present themselves to my
mind, in making up the estimate of a man's value
as property. They may, to be sure, appear of
small importance to a grower of slaves—one who
is familiar with matters of the kind; but I am un-
willing, by legislation, to throw them upon an
offi er of Government, or to bring the reproach
of such an mquiiy upon our nation ""And 1 can-
not, therefore, vote for the bill under considera-
tion.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said that we hold this
money as trustee for the owners of these slaves,
and are therefore bound to execute the trust. I
deny the position. "VVe are not the trustee of these
slave breeders; no individual can be made a trustee
"without his consent; neither can Congress, or any
other legislative or corporate body, be made a trus-
tee without his consent. Congress has never given
its consent to act as trustee for these slave-trading
speculators; nor are we under any obligation what-
ever to pay over this monev, or to do any other act
jor the benefit of these applicants. We, sir, are su-
preme; we acknowledge no law in the discharge of
our official duties, except that of the Constitution
and of justice. The Constitution has not imposed
upon us the duty of acting as trustee for slave-deal-
ers, If there be any obligation resting upon us, it
must be found in the abstract justice of the claims
presented by theseslave-mongers. The whole ques-
tion rests here. Neither the President, nor his Sec-
retary of State, nor Mr. Stevenson, nor all of these
officers together, could lay ns under the least con-
ceivable obligation to pass this law for the benefit
of outlaws, of pirates, and of robbers. Nor cou'd
they render it our duty to grant any facility or en-
couragement to a commerce hated by man and
cursed by God. What, sir! is it to be ivged, at this
period of the world, that the President has power
to lay Congress under obligations to sit here and
legislate to encourage the breeding and exportation
of slaves? Are such arguments to be addressed to
a Congress of American statesmen'! Can the Presi-
dent and his cabinet release me from my obligations
to the Constitution"? Can they absolve me from the
official oath which I have taken"! Can they step
between me and my God, and acquit me of the ob-
ligations whic!' my Creator has imposed upon me?
Ho, sir. There is no principle of justice or of pro-
priety that requires us to legislate in favor of this
commerce in mankind. On the contrary, our love
of consistency, our self-respect, our attachment to
liberty, our regard for the natural rights of man-
kind; our patriotism, our desire for the honor of
our cour.tiy, our attachment to the cause of truth,
justice, and humanity; our respect for the opinions
of mankind, and obedience to the commands of
Heaven, forbid that we should become parties to
the misrepresentations to which I have alluded, or
be made the instruments for consummating this
fraud committed upon a friendly nation; or that
we should become partners in crime with men who
make merchandise oi the image of God.
SPEECH OF MR. J. C. CLARK,
OF NEW YORK.
In the House of Reprcscntalires, February 22,1843—
On the bill appropriating forty thousand dollars
io enab'e the President to establish commercial
relations between the United States and the
Government of China.
Mr. Chairman. I have more than half promised
myself to embrace some fitting opportunity to sub-
mit a few remarks to the House. The opportunity
is now presented. In the British Parliament, it is
a legitimate ground of objection to a supply bill,
that"the objector has no confidence in the minis-
try. This bill proposes to vest in the President
and Secretary of State a large discretion in the
expenditure of forty thousand dollars; and I agree
with my friend from Georgia [Mr. MeriwethebJ
that there is good reason to doubt the propriety of
giving to these men the disbursement of any money
not imperiously called for by the exigencies of the
public service. I place my opposition to this bill
solely on the ground of an utter want of confidence
in the political integrity of the President and some
of his official advisers.
I have, sir, made soms ineffectual attempts here-
tofore to get the floor. But there are certain gen-
tlemen here always on the tiptoe to obtain it, and
they aie generally successful. Charmed with the
melody of their own sweet voices, they fancy that
the House is equally delighted, and they lose no
opportunity to gratify us with a display of their
oratorical powers. Of this I do not complain. It
is their right. Many, no doubt, may have been
convinced by the brilliancy of their periods and the
cogency of their logic.
I regret to consume the time of the House, par-
ticularly at this late period of the session. The
House will do me the justice to say that I have
never obtruded myself upon its indulgence. Du-
ring this entire Congress, I believe, I Imve not ap-
propriated to my own use an hour of its time. I
would not now, but for the conviction that the
Whigs of the country ought to be awakened to a
just appreciation ot the character of the men (or
some of them, at least) who have heretofore enjoy-
ed their confidence—enjoyed it only to betray it.
And now, being up, I almost repent me of my
half-made promise, and regret that my effort to
obtain the floor has been successful. I have a
great horror of speech-making—and, above all, of
speech-making here. Surrounded with talents,
eloquence, and criticism of a high order, 1 dread
an exposure to their observation; and, perhaps, to
their censure. Moreover, one knows not the
temper of the House. He is ignorant of what sub-
ject may be acceptable, and is greatly puzzled to
know by what proper exordium he may, in ad-
vance, gain a nestling place in some corner of its
kind feelings. But I am in fora speech, and must
bide my chance.
There is, sir, in rhctorie a thing called "aporia"—
if I mistake not, defined to be "a figure of speech
under which a speaker doubts where to begin."
Now, sir, if we had another sort of figure under
which congressional orators should doubt wlten to
begin—and not only so, but to continue to doubt to
the end of the session whether or not they should
begin at ail—such a figure would be of great ad-
vantage to the country, and, pel chance, to the ora-
tors themselves, (myself included.) But had we
such a figure, I could not avail myself of its sup-
posed benefits—for I have begun. And as to the
other figure to which I have referred, 1 am unable
to derive any advantage from it—for I believe I
known where to begin. And if I begin at the be-
ginning, I shall not bear wide from the mark.
Thus beginning, I shall explain to you the circum-
t ances under which J resolved to subject yomse'f
and the House to this infliction.
Not long since, confined to my room, excruciat-
ing under the turn of the rheumatic sciews, I be-
thought me of the principle of antagonism, under
the operation of which one force is expelled
by a counter and superior force; and it occurred
to me that if I could expel the enemy which had
made a lodgment in my racked tenement, by the
introduction of an agent more powerful in the in-
fliction of pain—not that pain which leaves behind
it visible scars, but which tortures and harrows up
the soul—I should have gained an object of no in-
considerable importance. And here let me sug-
gest to you, Mr. Chairman, being a good Whig, the
propriety of imitating my example whenever you
find yourself in the ultima ihulc of rheumatism, and
on the confines of the gouty regions. I doubt not
that you will be benefited by the experiment. In
my case, it was eminently successful.
I thought, sir, of the present prostrate condition
of that gallant and patriotic party which so joyous-
ly marched to victory in the autumn in 18-10, and
I thought too of the renegades to whom it owes all
its calamities. The effect was magical. Corporeal
suffering gave place to mental anguish; and in a
transport of conflicting emotions of indignation,
pity, and contempt, and, I may almost add, of re-
venge too, I threw aside my crutch, and in fancy
took the field, armed at all points, ready to fight the
battle over again, and to lend my feeble aid to crush,
the adders who have so cruelly, so ungratefully,
stung the bosom of their benefactors.
In submitting the remarks which I deem it my
duty to make on this occasion, I disclaim all pri-
vate feeling They will not partake, in the slight-
est degree, of the spirit of peisonal unkindness.
And if they should seem to any gentlemen to be
tinged with too much of acerbity, I beg of them not
to attribute them to any malignity in my nature,
(for, if I know myself, I do not possess any great
stock of that disagreeable article,) but to the con-
duct of the men who have provoked them, and to
the feelings to which .that conduct has naturally
given birth.
And here let me premise, that I have no exalted,
admiration of mere greatness—(and when I speak
of greatness, I mean intellectual greatness)—none,
none, sir—unless it be connected with the moral
and political virtues. For I hold these virtues to
be identical; and if you show mc one hundred
political knaves, 1 will show you of ihe same nine-
ty-nine moral scoundrels. This greatness, when
thus unallied, has no attractions forme. It should
neither be an object of desire in the possessor, nor
of admiration in the beholder; for it only serves
to augment in the former the power of mischievous
and guilty perpetration. When, however, to great-
ness of mind, are joined truth, honor, honesty,
fidelity, and patriotism, then we instinctively pay
it the homage of our respcct and admiration. But
when a great man stoops from his high estate, and
panders to his diseased appetite for power, at the
sacrifice of these ennobling virtues, we loathe im
in the inverse ratio which they bear to his ge"ius
or his attainments, or to both combined.
Sir, men, and more especially great men, hold
their popularity by a frail tenure. A maiden
should not be more chary of her honor, than a great
man, and particularly a great man in public life,
should be jealous and watchful of his; for one
false step forever blasts the reputation of both. If
a solitary draft of his fidelity or his patriotism be
dishonored, his political character at once sinks
into irreparable bankruptcy. Guilty of one act of
baseness, in vain may he attempt to fall back on
his stock of reputation, however great, though
hoarded for years with a miser's care. His vir-
tues (if he has any) must be constant, progressive,
and enduring to the end. The Scripture declara-
tion, where "much is given, much shall be required."
has received the practical sanction of the world.
Arraigned at the bar of public opinion for one de-
linquency, in vain he may plead, even in extenua-
tion, the splendor of his genius, the power of his in-
tellect, or the magnitude of his services.
Arnold has rendered to his country great and
distinguished services; but one act of treachery not
only cancelled every obligation of gratitude, but
consigned his memory to ignominy and contempt.
Poetry, in the spirit of truth, has doomed to an in-
glorious immortality the wonder of his age, as
!lThe wisest, greatest, meanest of mankind."
Thus appreciating men—and great men, too—you
may not expect ot mc, when speaking of their
blackslidings and deformities, an over-nicety in my
selection of rhetorical ornaments. The hunter,
(and I am no expert hunter,) when about to im-
molate the fierce and stealthy panther which may
have crossed his path, seeks not for ehaplets of
roses with which to adorn the sacrifice. Place,
however exalted, gives to its possessor no immvi-
