202
APPENDIX TO THE €QN0R SSI0KAL QLOfiB.
fefe. 1*4 Si
-.? i h Cong 3d Sess.
The I'Xcheqwr—il/r. Ta'lmadgr.
Senate.
pose on the soft and plastic mind of his confiding
Excellency the belief that New York writhes in the
revolting embraces of the ultra Democracy, through
the efforts of his faithful minister. I doubt it not.
And I doubt not that, in the wassails of the palace,
some insulated recess has often been vocal with the
voices of the merry trio chanting hosannas to the
conquerors of the Whig party and the despoilers of
their country.
Sir, let them quaff on and sing on. The day of
fearful retribution will soon come. Though now
high in power, sparkling in its sunshine anil revel-
ling in its enjoyments, rest assured, sir, that their
political "damnation slnmbereth not." On the 4ih
day of March, 18-15, by the common consent of all
parties, they will he consigned to a political pande-
monium, where, in the bosom of a restless and dis-
appointed ambition, "the wonn dieth not, and the
fire is not quenched."
Sir, amid all the "loom which treachery lias
thrown around the Whig party, 1 do not permit
myself to doubt that its recuperative energies will
marshal itto the field in 1811; and then, as in 1840,
victory will again perch upon its standard. Let
not the Locofoco legions "lay the flattering unction
to their souls" that they are to have a bloodless
field. No, sir; they shall have war—war Unas cupu-
la, in all its honorable forms, and with all iis con-
suming fierceness—and waged, too, with a spnit
which would do .honor to the most chivalric cam-
paign of 1840.
Under the banner of patriotism, inscribed with
the name of the honest, tiank, fearless, and patriotic
"Harry of the West"—associated, as 1 confidently
trust it will be, with the name of a Northern gentle-
man well known to the country for his feaisessiiess,
integrity, and indomitable spin!, and under which
all opposed to ihe Robespierrean Democracy, be
they old Whigs or new Conset vatives, may rally—
the Whig party will again take the field, and wage
the war with the spirit and enthusiasm which char-
acterized the triumphs in New York in 1HIM and
1839, and the general triumph throughout the coun-
try in 1840. Under such a banner, and with such
a spirit, we shall reconquer the laurels of which
treachery has robbed lis, and again attempt (and,
under the auspices of a faithful 1'residenl, success-
fully attempt) to raise the country from the horri-
ble pit of Locofoeoisin, and place it on the rock of
solid and enduring prosperity,
SPEECH OF MR. TALLMADGE,
of new york,
1)1 Senate, February G, 1813.—On the exchequer.
The bill "amendatory of the several acts estab-
lishing the Treasury Department" being, on mo-
tion of Mr. Tm.lmadoe, taken up, he proceeded
to address the Senate to the following effect, in ex-
planation of the provisions of the bill:
Mr. T. regretted (he said) that he had not been
able to bring forwaid this measure at an earlier
period. The delay had not occurred on his own
account, or through his instance, but had been
yielded to the request of other Senators. Some
two weeks since, it had been assigned a day under
a special order. Meantime, however, ramp on
the important debate (cn the Oregon question)
which has so much occupied the attention of (he
Senate. Until this— unexpectedly prolonged as it
had been—was terminated, he had not cho«en to
distract the attention of the body by a double dis-
cussion. The Senate would pardon him this little
preliminary vindication of himself against a pos-
sible imputation of remissness, or of disregard for
his own voluntary pledges of bringing forward the
measure anew at the earliest time in his power.
The general purpose of the bill (Mi. T. wenl on
to say) is to do something for the country, as to
currency and ex< hanges. Substantially, the bdl is
the same as that brought in last Winter by report of
that select committee of which 1 had the honor to
be chairman. To the repoitthen submitted will
the bill, the Senate will allow me to refer ihem for
those moie amplified details and arguments which
are less necessai y now that the Senate is in pos-
session of the genera! pian. I propose, at present,
only to re-state thofe larger point's ot tli"n measure,
lipon the soundness of which, and their competency
for the object in view, the entire question must
rest.
As, then, what is mainly proposed is to do some-
thing which may redeem the currency and ex-
changes of the country from their present wretch-
ed confusion, it is at least necessary, for the form-
ality ol a regular argument or investigation, to
ask what would, -in eveiv.other sense, be superflu-
ous—whether the country at large stands in any ve-
hement, any unusual need of such interposiiion,
such exertion of any power applicable to the pur-
poses in view as the Government may possess'!
If the common disasters of a whole land ever
challenged justice or pity from iis rulers; if a deso-
lation more widely spread, if less total, than any
which the ravages of war c cr inflicted, is a thing de-
manding public relief; if a general havoc of nearly
all private fortune, and an overthrow of all public
credit, are matters that callfo:' some etfoit of the
prudenceor power of the who'e community,—I may
surely, in the unexampled distress which convulses
the entire body politic, find enough to warrant me
in saying that the need of doing something is terri-
ble, and its delay inexcusable, if there is within the
legitimate and safe resoitsof our Government any-
thing that can be done.
The condition of the country I will not attempt
todesciibe. I am not master enough of the im-
agery of suffering and gloom to paint a pictuieof
such various and such cruel calamity. Afflicting
as it is to look upon, it is doubly painful from the
strange, the violent, the dismal contrast which it
offers with the youth, the strength, the customary
prosperity of our country, and the teeming re-
sources which vainly lie ail around us. We are
beggars in the midst of the most boundless natural
wealth; we are starving in the midst of the unex-
hausted fertility of a soil capable of yielding us al-
most anything; and the profincst blessings of na-
ture, and the highest boon of political freedom,
seem, for the time, bestowed upon us equally in
vain.
For all this there must be some adequate emise.
Visibly In all eyes, it is Ihe extreme and rapid re-
duction of the circulating medium—under the
heavy individual and public engagements which
an equally extreme previous inflation had given
rise to—which lias produced, and threatens greatly
to prolong, all th it v/e ale siifiering. Such (though
not the sole) is certainly the gieat and leading
cause of what, as politicians or statesmen, we must
speak; because it is clearly to this cause that we
must address ourselves, as to the only thing worthy
of a statesman's thoughts, or a test of his skill—the
possibility of a remedy.
I, sir, and those with whom f have generally con-
curred in political views, have (1 repeat) felt satis-
fied that, though there may have been many causes
for this state of things, yet the great and immediate
one lies at present in the deranged condition of the
currency and exchanges of the country. As to the
origin of that derangement, there maybe a diversi-
ty of opinion; but there can be none as to the ex-
istence of the fact, and little as to the powerful
influence which it exerts in all that we are now
witnessing.
Without question, it is one of the saddest and
one of the most dangerous characteristics of pariy
and of politics in this country, that, unscrupulous
of everything but to strengthen their own moment-
ary force, they seize, and endeavor to make a part
of themselves, everything alike—no matter how
little of a paity nature, and no matter how much
the prejudice to the public interests which may en-
sue from thus transfoiming many questions purely
national into matter of partisan" warfaie. There
is no subject which, in point of magnitude, in point
of universality, and in point of being proper to
trade alone, was less fit to be flung into the mere
cockpit of party strife, than this of the currency.
Y. t, unfortunately for the country, the instant that
it could be rendered anything that it should never
have been—<mythin<  that it could never, with ,-afe-
iy to the country, become—it was, from a commer-
cial, turned i> <o a political question—the mere
watchword and bittle-cry of conflicts with which
such a simply eonio.cic-al question should never
have been mixed. It W'ts not to the agitation of
poHtka! pas-p.ns, ever extreme and exaggerated
in what for the moment occupies them, that such
a question could be committed for any safe de-
cision. As long as such questions are made the
rallying call of party, derangement of the currency
and exchanges will continue; and the consequent
dcrangemer.i of ihe whole business affairs of the
community. It is surely time, amidst the ex-
tremity of distress into which this false and unhap-
py management of the question, has plunged us, to
drop those party distinctions and think once more
of the public sufferings around lis, and the duty—
if there be a possibility—of lightening or even're-
lieving them, by a calm and a prudent legislation.
In this great council, holding in its hands to such
an extent the destinies of the entire nation, the first
consideration should be, how best to fulfil what we
owe to Ihe country at large, now reduced to a con-
dition too disastrous to be much longer endured,-..
That condition, I hesitate not to say, in my judg-
ment imperatively demands that we unite on some
such measure of relief as that proposed by this bill.
The lime unhappily is past, when, unembarrassed
by the difficulties which delay has thickened over
the mailer, we could, comparatively at our case,
have deliberated of measures and methods now no
longer in our choice. Formerly we might, wilh
a freedom to select from all that experience offered
of good, have held calm counsel as to what was
best: now, reduced to far sadder afflictions, and with
afar narrower choice of modes of relief, we are
left to ask not "what is best'!" but "what is it now
possible to dor' The people are crying aloud on
all .sides for relief. For that relief they turn their
eyes, from all quarters of the country, to this Gov-
ernment. They ask you not for relief from their
private, their individual misfortunes, which they
know you cannot cure; but lelief from a wretched
condition of the circulation, which denies them all
possibility ol redeeming and retrieving their losses,
and which you can cure. They ask you to give
them, not an illegitimate and individual aid; bjt to
afford to their private necessities the indirect assist-
ance of what the public business as imperiously
requires—a better mechanism of interchange, "a
sounder vehicle of their business and of your own.
Such is demanded, not more by individual conve-
ience than by the public interests. If, in the man-
agement of its own finances, the Government can,
at the same tune, furnish an element of exchange
that will go far to give the country what it so much
needs, and what seems so little attainable in any
other way—a sound currency—is itnot bound to
do so1?
Are gentlemen,then, to fold their arms and pro-
nounce that nothing can be done1? Here is at least
a measure which will do something. It may not
accomplish all that could be wished: but it will
effect much. It cannot fail to afford to commerce a
good and a general instrument, which it does not
now possess: it must, to its entire extent, infuse into
the circulation an element of correction and sound-
ness; and these indirect but important effects as to
private business will be but incidental results from
a system of which the more immediate benefits
accrue to the Government itself, as to the distribu-
tion and management of its receipts and disbarse-
ments.
In what it thus proposes, there is surely nothing
that is not strictly compatible with the constitution-
al powers of the Government—with such powers, I
mean, as are insepaiable from its duty of the col-
lection, safekeeping, and disbursement of the pub-
lic revenues. If, in performing these functions, it
can, at the same time, indirectly and incidentally
afford to the business of the country facilities of
exchange and currency which involve not a loss
but a benefit m the public business itself, surely it
is strongly its duty to do so. The provisions of
this bill aim at nothing more.
It will, at all events, establish one great and fun-
damental principle—a principle which is the di-
viding line between the extremes of parties, and
which lies at the bottom of all these systems,
whether they present themselves in the shape of a
national bank, an exchequer, or in any other form—
namely, that it is the right and the duty of the Gen-
eral Government, in the collection and disburse-
ment of its revenues, to aid in furnishing a uniform
currency, and regulating the exchanges of the
country. Much will have been achieved by the
establishment of this great principle, and the found-
ation will be laid, on which a superstructure can
be erected, with proportions regulated by the con-
stitutional powers of the Government and the wants
of the country.
Since the foundation of this Government, differ-
ent methods of effecting this object of connecting
the management of the public revenues with the
regulation of the currency and exchanges have
been tried. Of these, the earliest and much the
longest preserved was a national bank. To it suc-
ceeded what was called the State bank deposite
system. The sub-treasury, of still briefer exist-
ence, was the last-born of these expedients; but died
(not a very promising child) in its infancy.
The oldest, and infinitely the most successful of
these successive contrivances, dates almost from th«
