m
IfjPENDES TO Tttft COftGftfiSSlOftAl. GtOfil,
feK 184S.
27th Cohg**<«3d Sess.
The Exchequer—Mr. Tallmadge.
Senate.
unbiased examination of it in committee. The
measure, however, in its original form, underwent
in the_ Senate so full and so able a discussion, that
the views of Senators were disclosed at large, and
the objections on all sides thoroughly understood,
before the reference was finally settled. When',
therefore, the subject was placed in the hands of a
special committee, of which 1 was made chairman,
they were possessed of all these objeciions, and in a
condition to weigh, and, if possible, to obviate ihem
all. With these objections specially in view, the
bill now before the Senate had been framed and
attended, and, with such deliberation and solici-
tude, as led the committee to trust, not without
some confidence, that they had performed their
task in such a manner as to steer clear of what-
ever defects had been detected in the original form
of the measure.
The first class of objections thus taken related to
the apprehended influence which the Executive
might exercise over the institution, chiefly by means
of his power over its officers as to appointment or
removal. Upon this power we have placed an ef-
fectual guard, to the whole extent that the Constitu-
tion permits. We could not divest the President of
the right to nominate the three superior officers of
the exchequer—the commissioners of the board;
but we have rendered them, after confirmation by
the Senate, incapable of being removed, except with
the concurrence of that body. He may, for physi-
cal inability, or neglect, or violation of duty, sus-
pend a commissioner; but, unless he show to the
Senate sufficient cause for the act, the officer is re-
stored. Such is the entire extent of the executive
control over the board; and its inferior officers or
agents are dependent on itself, since tlicy can be
appointed or removed by the Secretary of the
Treasury only upon its recommendation, it is easy
to see that the entire tenure ol office is thn1-, as to the
President, rendered as independent as possible un-
der the Constitution. The executive patronage is
limited to the nomination of the three commission-
ers, and the executive control or interfeieuee to a
temporary suspension of the same officers from their
functions, for specific causes.
The second class of objections related to the
power of dealing in bills of exchange; of which
the purchase was considered as involving an ille-
gitimate and dangerous mixture of the credit of
the Government with the solvency or fai'h of indi-
viduals; as likely to be used for pnrly or personal
corruption or favoritism; and as veiy capable of
leading to fictitious dealings in exchange, for
fraudulent purposes. This power, then, the com-
mittee struck out, as dangerous, not only for these
reasons, but because, for in discreet and sale exer-
cise, three things are almost indispensable—indi-
vidual interest, individual skill, and individual
vigilance. These cannot be expected to act in a
public institution as they do in tho«e affairs which
men conduct on their own account; and the former
are, therefore, disqualified from the transartion of
such business.
For all legitimate business of this sort, however,
the committee have sufficiently provided 111 another
way, preserving its benefits, and excluding only its
risks. They have authorized the exchequer and
its agencies to sell bills ol exchange on itself, and
to collect them, paying their amount to the de-
positor only when collected by the agency at the
place on which drawn.
By its sale of bills, it will accomplir-h lor indi-
viduals the legitimate operation of remitting funds,
and withhold itself only from the illegitimate and
dangerous one of anticipating them. He who
wishes to do this, may still resort, for a temporary
discount, to a local bank, whose business i.-. this of
anticipating funds at a distance. Meantime, he
may collect those funds ihrough the exchequer or
its agencies.
The facilities of business, which this sy=iem of
selling and collecting bills of exchange ml! give,
will promote the sounder interests of the country',
not less than would the power to purchase ex-
change; while, af the same time, the Govt.ainient
will be kept safe irom all Ions or hrzaid
The third class of objections related to the isme
of treasury notes on the credit of the Government;
that is, its adding fs indirect power over the
monetary circulation of the country, tbioogb t.hp
management of its revenues, the direct power of
supplying a currency.
As to any issue, by the exchequer, of any cur-
rency, as such merely—any credit oairency—I
have been unable to discover any motives for such
a thing except two: 1st, in order to anticipate the
revenues of the Government; 2d, to aid the cur-
rency of the country by an addition to its circu-
lating medium. But of the first of these, the com-
mittee hold that it is wrong in principle. Its ten-
dency would be to bring about excessive issues,
and to induce a resort to these mere expedients,
lather than to a discharge of its less popular duty
of levying adequate supplies. It will be dispens-
ing with the most salutary and certain of all
checks upon the Government—its inability to raise
money without the consent of the people through
their Representatives. In any unusual emergen-
cy, wheie the means in the treasury unexpectedly
fell short, resort may be had to the authority of
Congress for the issue of treasury notes, bearing
interest as a loan, but not sent out as a currency.
So much for the first point. As to the second,
the committee regard the purpose as (for the
reasons alreadv given) unwarrantable, and its at-
tainment as of most questionable possibility. If
the existing currency were far below the business
wants of the community, then much of it, as now,'
would stand upon a more solid basis than any
mere credit circulation, although emitted by the
Government itself; so that the latter would neces-
sarily be an addition to the depreciated currency
an equal part of which it would be almost eeitain
to displace and drive out of the circulation, by
reducing its value still lower; and thus no per-
manent addition to the circulation could be made
in this way. A fresh disorder only, and a further
depreciation, would be produced.
With the mere fluctuations of the medium of ex-
change, Government cannot safely interfere. These
must be lett to regulate themselves, through the
agency of individual sagacity, keeping watch over
its own interests. To be safe, it must be left to
its own voluntary power of expansion, as little
capable of being directed, and as quick and subtle
to manage itself, as the power of the eye to dilate
or contract, according to the quantity of light
which you pour upon it.
The committee, therefore, have discarded from
the bill everything like a proposition for a credit
circulation. They contemplate no addition to the
currency. The business of discounts they leave to
the local institutions, as proper only to them; and,
as according to the ease with which these can
be obtained will be the varying quantity of money
which will be poured into the circulation or driven
back from it, expansion and contraction will be
left to the instinctive care of private interest. The
committee, in a word, have not aimed to devise a
system which shall furnish a complete currency;
but only at one which shall infuse into that which
we already possess a new element of soundness,
and resorts of convenience which it cannot now
command.
They propose, then, that the bills issued shall
only be for specie deposited, dollar for dollar; the
amount of such papei in circulation being never
permitted, in any case, to exceed the specie on hand
for its redemption. The bills thus issued are
called specie notes, in contradistinction to treasury
notes emitted on the credit of the Government only,
either as a currency or for the purpose of borrow-
ing.
These specie notes, issued to the public creditor
in disbursement out of the actual receipts of the
revenue, or to individuals upon deposiles in spe-
cie, will form a currency of the most perfect charac-
ter, combining the convenience of paper with the
solidity of coin; so that t^ev will be every wheie pi e-
feired to the lat'er They will neither increase
nor diminish the currency, but merely give it a new
activity and a wider uniformity; so that the unaue-
mented quantity will perform a much giearer of-
fice. They can produce 110 expansion or contrac-
tion of the curiencv. no inflation, no rise or fall of
prices, no expulsion of coin irom the circulation,
such as attends other emissions of paper.
It may, however, be urged, that a circulation
thus formed can affair! no relief. 01, at best, a very
slight one. I enswer, that the capacity of such "a
currency is not to be measured by in amount, but
by the peculiar functions (now attainable in no
other way) which it will peiform.
CJni.'oiinity of value ill the currency is r.owtlie
gteal.'st benefit that can be bestowed upon com-
merce. In showing, as I have already done, that
the Government cannot safely issue a credit cur-
rency, I have sufficiently shown that we cannot
aim at supplying, integrally, the whole amount ol
currency, uniformly valuable, which th<? country
requires; and that, except upon this plan of adding
nothing to the circulation, we should only lessen,
instead of increasing, this quality in the currency.
The partial but important good to which we must
then restrict ourselves, is the supplying, not circu-
lation in the mass—for that, the variously depreci-
ated paper of each quarter already affords—but a
new and universally current circulation, which
may pass alike from sphere to sphere, and from
vortex to vortex of these local circulations, each
limited to its own locality, and unite them all. It
is not as to this local purpose of a circulation that
we are suffering, but for something that can per-
form the distant offices of inte'ehange. Such must
the proposed currency become, entering but little
into any local circulation, but making itself the ve-
hicle of distant transactions, from sphere tosphere
of the local circulations; to which, of course, in
amount, it need bear but a very small propor-
tion. But, as to the amount of the Government dis-
bursements, or something like it—say twenty or
twenty five millions of dollars—may be added the
equivalents to individual deposites of specie, and
the sale and collection of bills of exchange, it will
be seen that an amount of specie-notes will proba-
bly be kept afloat quite equal to very important
purposes. Emigration, travel, and the deposite of
gold and silver by foreigners seeking to purchase
lands, would also add considerably to the amount.
Let it, in this view, be recollected that the aver-
age circulation of the United States Bank was about
ten millions of dollars; and, until 1829, only about
six millions; and that its specie was usually equal
to its circulation. This exchequer, creating a still
greater confidence, and commanding means as large,
couTd surely perform the same general functions—
admi ted to have been so beneficent—as that bank
eould accomplish with only the amount of circula-
tion which I have mentioned.
I doubt not that, besides all these advantages to
trade, it must act, in a variety of ways, and espe-
cially by bringing about speedv and singular settle-
ments, to keep the banking institutions of the coun-
try generally sound. Nor can it well fail to restore
to the circulation a large amount of specie which
individual distrust of banks has unquestionably
withdrawn and hoarded. Though it may not (as
I have said) effect all that the times have need of,
but no longti permit, it must cleaily accomplish
much. As to any defects which it may have, tbey
con, I think, be none of them of a sort so capital
but that we shall be able to correct them as they
make themselves felt.
Prom what has been said, the principles of the
bill are sufficiently obvious. As to the effect on the
currency and the exchanges, I cannot so well set it
forth as by quoting the views on that subject which
were embodied in my report. They are as fol-
lows:
The committee, on this whole subject, have consulted gnrna
of the ablest, most practical, and fxpenenced men; and their
own views ate fully confiimed by the information derived from
such high sources. They cannotmany way so well illustrate
this branch of it, and its beneficial effects on the pound local
banks, together with other advantages, as by buefly embody-
ing the following vnwswhich have thus been communicated
totheni:
UA bill drawn hy one agency on another, in any remote part
of the United Stares, will be as good as specie within the com«
tneicial sspheie of iheemponum where the agency is located at
which payment is to be made, and may generally be negotiated
above par hy any holder within that sphere, and at a rate in
some measure proportioned to his distance from ltscommercial
centre. If, for instance, a mtrchant in Cincinnati wishes to re-
mit moi'ey to a manufacturer in Connecticut, a bill drawn by
the asrcncy in Cincinnati, wheie the deposite is made, on the
in New York, would be worth ^ne-ha!f per cent, more
ihrtn specie to the payee.
''Exchanges thiough the agencies will meet all the exigencies
of the marker*. It not unfrt quontiy happens that New Orleans
indebted to Ohio for ntMrnkiiral product?; Ohio to New
Yoikfor mnnuf icnir.-J goods, demesne onmnoned; and New
YotktoNow Oil-ins for cotton Eveiy well-informed mer-
chant m those =•* v< m! sections w ill he advj«ed of the state ofthe
markr-ts A Wi.v Or Km- merchant wkIips to i emit t*> Ohio;
he depo®irpR his specie m the asency at New Orleans, and gets
thepcime 1 JVo t,  act ept h f own hill ol exchange for $1,OWO,
payable to the oidcr of hi" Ohio conesponden'. and transmits
h ..ccordinsly. Tiusv i'i he above/wr m 'he Oh<o market, be-
c-i't's.-' u is a good lemittdnte i>.i NewYoik, where bills on
N'-vv Oi lejiH eomfrfii.d a pi pnurm, J'is- bought by an Ohio
merchant, who len its u -o New Ymk in payment forgoodp;
rind lion, NewYotk u is s-ent to New Orleans, to pay for cot-
ton {Ipoa i!«i cimv-i), it h pres-er.ted to the asency where it
vfv tC'-eptrd, an,J U'C (]■>(oil sf- 1 eadv tor i's iedt mpuon. The
holder, how°wr, not \vdlin« fo be htudened with the specie,
will generally prefer the specie notes of the agency. Thus
this £1,000 in specie, after "pa\ ir,<r a small premium at the
agency, will have p,nd more Ll an us amount w two remote mar-
kns, sf-m a saie and convenient currency of §1,000 into the
channels of commerce, and is still at restfustaimng'this amount
oi r'rcul^f'on,
''Tne use of bills of exrhapse will not be superseded by the
fcpecie notes of the exchequer, The former haye always beei^
