March, 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
2Q8>
27rfi Cong. .. Sd Btik.
1 he British Treaty—Mr. Bives.
Senate.
preferred, and were extensively used under the two national
banks when their paper, in sound credit, had every advantage
Which this will possess, of being made such a substitute. This
prool from experience is conclusive O.ie ground of prefer-
ence, which has always been appreciated lieie and in Europe,
is, that bills of exchange are tnoie safe than bank n tes, as
they offer no tempution to robbery or embezzlement; and, as
-several may be senf of rhe same tenor and date by different con-
veyances, (in which case, no joss will be sustained jI any one
arfiv^sin safely.) the lisk may easily be reduced almost to ifn
Impossibility. The perreci character of these bills of exchange,
from theif undoubted credit, will generally give them a prefer-
ence over others. They will never be protested for want of
funds, at any office where ihey aie payable. No embarrass-
ment can result fiom the necessity ofiidnsmitung spsciefrom
office to office. The occasions are very rare (and, if this sys-
tem were in operation, would be still more tare) in which spe-
cie needs to be remove'1; as for almost every purpose good
paper is preferred. The papei of one nifice would generally
be as good as specie in most o;heis Ifa tleposne weie made
in-New York to meet a draft on the office m New Orleans, this
layer, office would prefer the New Yoik paper to com, m the
common state of exchanges When the system has be?n some
timein operation, specie will have found its proper places of re-
pose, and movementsof it would seldom be required. Should
ah apprehension be entertained that the leutement ofspet le
■into the agencies would embarrass the banks, it will be dissi-
pated by a lutie reflection upon ihe operations already de-
scribed. Those officers are bound to deliver, at the time ofde-
posite, an amount in paper equal to the amount received m
specie. That paper will lakeiheptaceof the specie which it rep-
resents, and the same portion ot it will be deposited by mer-
chants and others who keep their accounts in banking institu-
tions as of the specie for which it is a substitute. As it will
be a light and convenient circulation, it will mingle more with
'the paper of banks of sound credit m common commercial ope-
rations, and consequently be more frequently used in making
payments upon discounted notes and other indebtedness to
moneyed institutions, than specie now is. When possessed by
a bank, it has all the value of specie. If means are wanted for
apposite in an agency, this paper will bereceived of a bank,
-for that purpose, as readily as specie. Should gold and silver
."be wanted for exportation, or any other extraordinary demand,
the bank Which possesses this paper has the certain means of
converting it, at pleasure, into the article required. Every bill of
exchange payable at these offices will, at its maturity, restore
to circulation, either in specie or this sound paper, the amount
deposited for its procurement. Indeed, it is difficult to foster
a-doubt that, in regard to the means of redeeming their own
emissions, the banks will possess more ample resources than at
present. It is ttue, that the channds of commcice will he
partially filled with a medium of sound and imperishable cs edit,
Which will s'and th<=> shock of eveiy possib'e vicissitude, except
the subversion of the Government. But this will promote the
strength of the banking institutions no less than the stability of
the currency.
"From the establishment of a national corporation with a
large specie capital, the banks were apprehensive of sustain-
ing injury by the great and sudden wuhdrawment of ihe pre-
cious metals from their possession. But the agencies can pro-
duce no such embarrassment; for their progiess will be too
gradual to causeany convulsion; ami the immediate restora-
tion to the market oi a medium ofequal amount and value with
lhatwhich is withdiawn, will enable tho^e institutions at any
time to command the specie which they icquire. As a just
pnceis to be paid for exchanges, it ia believed that alt the ex-
penses of conducting the busmen of the exchequer and us
agencies will be defrayed fiom that source, and piobably a
much larger sum may be realized The losses ot the currency
by fire, shipvaeck. and other casuahie^ as shown in the expe
rience of banks, would not he an mcoi.sideiable item of gain.
A small premium (fay aha'f or quarter of one per cent) might
reasonably be exacted of d^popitor.*, if here.ifer deemed neces-
sary, upon notes issued in exchange for .specie. While this sys-
tem will furnish the. desired medns for the collecting, saieiveep-
lng, and disbursement of the public lo'enue, and a 1 the lcqui-
site facilities for exchangco l >tvveen nifT-rent sections of (he
country, as weli ascreate a sound and convenient currency, it is
exempt fiom the objectionable featuresoj other modes of eilect
ing, in part or m whole, the same objects heretofore pi evented
for consideration. It author.zes no banks oi othei corporations,
no discounts, no lending on credit in any form whatever, no ex-
pansion of the currency by public diahs or otherwise, no paper
money resting on thecrodu of the Government, and depending
onaccrmng revenues for redemption Jtcmfeis no extent of
executive patronage or influence iso officer enn be either ap-
pointed or removed by the President, wnhout the concurrence
of the Senate, and only for certain specified causes. It confers
no discretionary powers by which partialities may be indulged
in behalf of a persona! or political favorite. Whoever pre-
sents his specie notes, or bids of pxchang", at maturity, is er>.
titled to his specie; and whoever piesems his specie, is entitled
to the paper which he selects. The rights of every applicant
are defined by law, and hi«transactions at the agency aie of the
simplest character The laws of tratK and not any supeiin-
tending board or pnbbc agent, decide the amount of depositee,
bills ol exchange, and paper cunency Tne wants and means
of individuals composing the community will best legulate the
proportions of paper and specie, in the absence ol all artificial
restraint and supervision of the Government"
Shall we, then, Mr. President, adopt this meas-
ure with the modifications I have proposed; or
shall we, in spite of the cries which appeal to us
on all sides—the terrible and wide spread distres-.
that reigns over the whole country—the alarming
paralysis of all industry and trade—the frightful
sacrifices of property that are happening every-
where, and all the appalling difficulties that have
frozen up the courage and the hopes of the country
to its very heart, calmly sit down, dismiss all
thought of attempting a remedy, shut our eves, stop
our ears, and determine to do nothing? Do noth-
ing, did I say? Do nothing, whilst the country is
bleeding at every pore lor want of action here? Do
nothing, whilst our commerce is languishing, our
manufacturing and mechanic interests paralyzed,
our agricultural products rotting on our hands for
want of a market! Do nothing, whilst an agoniz-
ing and distracted people are looking to us for re-
lief! Do nothing, whilst the cries of helpless wo-
men and children, with starvation before them, are
borne to us on every breeze! Do nothing, because
the time has gone by tor the adoption of one favor-
rite measure, and because the time has not arrived
for the adoption ofaaothei! Do nothing—yes, Mr.
President, do nothing, whilst the country "is sacri-
ficed between the conflicting interests ot contending
parties! Sir, I need add no moie. During the
last ten years, since I have been honored with a
seat in this body, I have endeavored, faithfully, fear-
lessly, and conscientiously, to discharge ray duty,
without regard to consequences, personal or politi-
cal. I shall continue so to discharge it; and, with-
out intending the remotest reflection on the motives
and conduct of others, I shall always feel a proud
consciousness, in the introduction of this bill, and
in advocating its passage, of having done my duty
to myself, to my constituents, and to the country.
1
SPEECH OP MR. RIVES,
OF VIRGINIA.
In Senate of the United Stales, March 2 d, 1843— On
the bill ior carrying into effect the treaty with
Great Britain.
The bill for carrying into effect the treaty with
Great Britain being under consideration, Mr. Al-
len of Ohio moved to amend the sixth section ofthe
bill, which "empowers the President, in execution
of the eighth article of the treaty, to apply so much
of the naval appropriations as may be necessary
therefor, to the preparation, equipment, and main-
tenance of the naval force therein stipulated to be
employed on the coast of Atrica by the United
States," by adding a proviso, that the sum so ap-
plied shall not exceed ^'210,000. The question be-
ing upon Mr. Allen's amendment—
Mr. RIVES rose and said, that if the trea'y be
executed at all, it ought not to be executed by halves,
lie was in favor of a full, exact, arid faithful com-
pliance with the stipulations of the treaty on our
part, till there had been some overt act of contra-
vention to it on the part of Great Britain, which
he had seen no sufficient reason to apprehend. It
is in this way only that the national faith and honor
can be preserved intact, and that the other party
will be left without excuse, if there should be any
disposition on its part not to act fully up to the
spirit and intention of the arrangement. The
sum limited by the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] was ob' ious-
ly, and even glaringly, inadequate to the support
of a squadron of eighty guns, with its proper
complement of men and officers, on the coast of
Africa; and considering it, therefore, equivalent to
a negative on the full execution of the tteaty, he
should unhesitatingly vote against it.
Nor (said Mr. Rivrs) can I concur in the sugges-
tion of my honorable colleague, [Mr. Archer,] that
the whole of the sixth section of the bill might,
without impropriety, be stricken out. On the con-
trary, I see in it, with pleasure, a seasonable recog-
nition ot the doctrine successfully maintained,after
an aiduous conflict, by the Republican party on
two memorable occasions—Jay's treaty in 1705,
and the commercial convention with Great Brit-
ain in 1815—a doctrine which I believe to em-
body the true reading of the Constitution, and
which establishes the principle, that, in regard
to all matteis submitted by the terms of the
Constitution to the action oi Congress, (as in this
instance, the power to provide and maintain a
naval lorce,) the stipulations of a treaty must
depend for their execution on the free and re-
sponsible co-operation of the legislative department.
This, too, is in conformity to the British practice.
On a recent and analogous occasion in that conn-
try, Ihe slave-trade conventions of 1831 and 1833
with France, after having been duly ratified by the
treaty-making power, were formally enacted into
law, word for word, by the authority of Parliament,
and' clothed with all'the specialities of a British
statute. Surely, in our popu'ar representative sys-
tem, there ought not to be less a constitutional bal-
ance and control, in the bands of the legislative de-
partment, to the treaty-making power.
The principle recognised by the sixth section of
this bill acquires an additional hold upon our atten-
tion, in the present instance, from the consideration
that if, unfortunately, there shall hereafter arise
any serious practical disagreement between the two
Governments respecting the true intent and mean-
ing of the arrangement which has been entered
into, it may become the solemn duty of Congress.to
interpose its high remedial powers, as it did in the
memorable example of 1798, :n our relations with
France, for the purpose ofputting an end to stipula-
tions which have not been reciprocally observed by
the other contracting party, iu their true spirit, and
fair and obvious import.
I repeat, Mr. President, that I do not, and will
not, anticipate the occurrence of any such disagree-
ment, until much more substantial grounds for the
apprehension than any which have yet appeared
shall disclose themselves. When Sir Robert Peel,
in the speech which was commented upon here a
few days ago, says that the British Government, by
the treaty of Washington, had not abandoned or
renounced the doctrine of the right of visitation,
as laid down in Lord Aberdeen's letters, I can
readily comprehend the declaration. It was not the
purpose of that arrangement to adjust a creed, or
establish a code of abstract principles. No abandon-
ment or renunciation was asked from Great Britain
of any doctrine or principle she maintained in re-
gard to the alleged right of visitation. It was suffi-
cient that we wholly denied the existence of any
such right; and that we had, in the most solemn
form, through the highest organ of our interna-
tional relations, proclaimed that denial to England
and the world. The rights we. claimed were to be
held, not by the concession or acknowledgment of
any olher power, but by our own confidence in
their justice, and by our determination to maintain,
them.
But there were practical evils admitted by
both Governments, which required a practical
remedy. The flag of the United States had
been extensively abused on the coa>t of Afri-
ca, by the slave-dealers of nations which had
granted to Great Britain the right of search
for the suppression of the slave-trade, to cover the
iniquitous traffic in which they were engaged. The
ciuisers of Great Britain, in the execution of this
right ot search, conceded to them by certain pow-
ers of Europe and America, and puisuing what
they alleged to believe were, m reality, Spanish,
Portuguese, or Brazilian vessels, which sought to
disguise themselves by fraudulently hoisting the
flag of the United Stales, had, in many instances,
visited and detained bona fide merchant vessels of
the United States, and subjected them to interrup-
tions, more or less injurious, in the prosecution of
their voyages These interruptions and detentions
of the vessels ot the United Slates became (as, of
right, they ought to have become) the subject of
spirited remonstrance and demand Tor redress upon
the British Government; and were engendering ^
serious degree of irritation and dissaiisfaction in
the relations of the two countries. The Govern,
ment of Great Britain constantly alleged, in exten-
uati u or excuse of these cases—which were, from
lime to time, brought to its notice—the fact (ad-
mitted by our minister) that the flag of the United
States had been "grossly abused" by the vessels of
other nations, to cover their criminal and unlawful
pursuits. They fuilhei declaied (what, indeed, it
was difficult to gainsay) that, unless effectual meas-
ures of some sort were taken to prevent this abuse,
the flag of the United States would become the
shelter under which the malefactors of all nations
would prosecute, with impunity, a traffic which
the laws of the United States were the first to de-
nounce as infamous, and to pursue with the sever-
est penalties.
The Government of the United States felt that,
whatever measures were necessary to protect the
national flag from abuse, either by our own citizens
or by the subjects of foreign powers, the adoption
and the execution of those measures belonged to
ihe United States themselves. It was inconsistent
with the principles which they had invariably held
in regard to the mutual independence and equality
of all nations on the ocean, as well as with their
own jealous sense of national dignity, to confide
the supervision of their flag, in any case, to the
cruisers of another power. To remove from
themselves, therefore, all possible reproach of even
a negative connivance at the abuse of their flag
by the vessels of other nations, and at the same
time to takeaway from British cruisers all pretext
ior interference with the American flag on the
ground of such suspected abuse,—while they gave
to the ivorld the most unequivocal pledge of their
sincerity, and determination to aid in all proper
