206
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 1843.
27th Cong 3d Sess,
The British Treaty—Mr. Rives.
Senate.
measures for the final extinction of the African
slave-trade, the United States proposed, m concur-
rence with the British Government, the employ-
ment by the two countries of "independent" squad-
rons, of "sufficient and adequate" force, to cruise
on the coast of Africa, and "to enforce, separately
and respectively, the laws, rights, and obligations of
each of the two countries for the suppression of the
slave-trade." The distinctive and avowed princi-
ple of the arrangement, on its face, was the sepa-
rate and independent action of the naval force of
the two countries; and was obviously intended
to supersede, tn practice, so far as its operation ex-
tended, any visitation of the flag of the one power
by the cruisers ol' the other.
That the legitimate and bona, fide effect of the
arrangement, within the sphere and for the time
of its operation, is to put an end, in fact, to those
visitations and detentions of the American flag
on the coast of Africa, which had been the sub-
ject of complaint and discussion between the two
Governments, whatever arguments or pretensions
may still be urged by the British Government on
the abstract question of the alleged right in gene-
ral, is placed beyond all controversy by a recur-
rence to the correspondence between the repre-
sentatives of the two Governments in London,
which preceded the negotiation, and furnishes the
true key to the interpretation of this arrangement.
It was, as I have alreadv stated, the extensive and
admitted abuse of the flag of the United States hy
the vessels of other nations, which sought, by
fraudulently assuming it, to protect the guilty
traffic in which they were engaged from detec-
tion and arrest, that the British Government con-
stantly put forward to excuse or justify the visita-
tion of American vessels by their cruisers. Lord
Aberdeen, in his letter of 13th October, 1841, to
Mr. Stevenson, says:
" The confession of Mr. Stevenson, that the trade
is extensively carried on under the fraudulent use
of the American flag, does, in truth, justify the
whole claim put forward by the British Govern-
ment. It constitutes that re.afono.bte ground oj sus-
picion which the law of nations requires in such
a case. The admitted fact of this abuse creates the
right of inquiry."
Now, when effectual measures have been taken
by the United States to prevent this abuse of their
flag, by the employment ol an adequate squadron
ol their naval lorce on the coast ol Africa lor the
purpose—measures which have received the solemn
and deliberate concunence of the British Govern-
ment, with an express lecognition ol their "suffi-
ciency" by (he tcims of ihc treaty, and after "con-
sultation with the British negotiator" (as the Presi-
dent infoi ms us in his late message to the House of
Representatives) "as to the quantum of force ne-
cessaiy to be employed in order to obtain the ob-
ject in view"—such measures, the "adequacy and
sufficiency" of which are admitted by the British
Government itself, are taken by the United States
to prevent the abuse of their flag, the logical and
necessary consequence, even upon their own prm-
ciples, is, that the visitation or detention of Ameri-
can vessels, which they have attempted to justify
or excuse only by the fact of that abuse, must cease
with it. It is, says Lord Aberdeen, "the admitted
fast oj this abuse mhich c/cates the / ig/it of inquiry
But when effectual provision is made to prevent
and guard against this abuse, by an arrangementto
which Great Britain is herseli a paity, the right
of inquiry, or visitation, which was built upon the
hypothesis of that abuse, mu'.l, to that extent at
least, cease to ex ist. It requires no express agree-
ment, under these circumstances, to create the ob-
ligation of abstaining from the visitations and de-
tentions of the American flag, which harl been
complained of. In such a case, res ipse loquitur.
The transaction explains, and carries its meaning
and obligation on its face.
Any renewal, under such circumstances, of the
vexations to which the American flag had been
subjected on the coast of Africa, would be in di-
rect contravention of what was universally under-
stood here, upon the spot of the negotiation, to be
the practical effect of the arrangement. It could
not fail to give rise to the gravest possible question
in the relations of the two countries. I cannot, and
will not, believe tint there is any such design on
the part of the British Government. When it is
recollected what honorable and emphatic language
was employed, but two or three years ago, on^this
same subject, by that remarkable man—the master-
spirit of his country—whose firm and steady hand
now guides the course of her.public councils, the
highest personal pledge is superadded to the most
solemn national guaranty. I allude, of course, to
the Duke of Wellington. In 1839, when a bill for
the more effectual suppression of the slave trade
was brought forward in the House of Lords, by the
administration of Lord Melbourne, to indemnify
officers of the British navy for visiting and detaining
any foreign vessels on the high seas, on suspicion,
and examining their papers, the Duke of Welling-
ton protested against it with all the honest energies
of his high intellect and character. If his speeches
on the occasion have not been incorrectly reported,
he denounced it as a novelty in the legislation of
the country, and in the practice of nations. He ad-
monished their lordships that there was "one great
nation, at least—the United States of America"—
who would not submit to it; that, if there was one
point more to be avoided than another, it was that
leiating to the visitation of vessels belonging to
the American Union; and, finally, he warned the
Government not to proceed with their bill, but
"rather to issue an order in council, or a declaration
of war!"
While I feel, therefore, (said Mr. R.,) every as-
surance which can be inspired by the faith of a
solemn international transaction, and by declara-
tions of the most imposing weight in the public
councils of Great Britain, that there will be no at-
tempt to renew in practice, under existing circum-
stances, the visitation of the American flag on the
coast of Africa; yet it cannot be denied that the ab-
stract doctrines recently put forth by the British
Government in regard to an alleged right of visita-
tion, arc well calculated to arouse the timely at-
tention of the United States and the other maritime
powers of the world.
I know, Mr. President, how precious every mo-
ment of the time of the Senate is, on this the last day
but one of the session. I do not mean, therefore,
to enter into any systematic discussion of this giave
and most important question. But, being compelled
to differ, in an essential respect, from a docu-
ment of very high authority, (I allude to the mes-
sage of the President to the House of Representa-
tives on the 27th ult.,) and deeming it of very great
moment, if an error should have been inadvertent-
ly committed in that exposition of the doctrines of
maritime law, as supposed to be contended for by
the United States, that it should not go forth to the
world with the presumed concurrence of the other
branchesof the Government—which would natural-
ly be inferred, if no dissent were expressed in
either House of the National Legislature;—the Sen-
ate, I am sure, will bear with me, even at this late
hour, while I state, as briefly as the nature of the
subject will admit, the principles which I conceive
to have been heretofore invariably maintained,
with the justest reason, by the Government of the
United States.
It is of the utmost importance that there should
be no misconception or uncertainty as to the posi-
tion the United States occupy on these vital ques-
tions, affecting the general freedom of the seas.
Providence seems to have cast upon us, in an es-
pecial manner, the responsibility and the honor of be-
ing the standard-bearer in this great cause. While
the attempts made, from time to time, by other na-
tions tosustainit, havegiven way to the seductions of
temporary expediency, or been crushed by the force
of powerful combinations, the United States alone,
through every vicissitude of fortune, and often with
feartul odds against them, have stood forth the
steady and unwavering champions of the immuni-
ty and independence of flags upon the ocean.
The efforts and writings of our great statesmen in
this cause—of Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe—
no less than the brilliant deeds of our warriors, in
the same glorious struggle, are. among the proudest
illustrations of our past history. We mustbecau-
tious, therefore, to surrender nothing which has
been thus dearly and nobly won.
The message of the President to the House of
Representatives, while denying the right of Great
Britain to exercise a general police over the flags
of independent nations, yet asserts that if the vessel
of another nation—of the United States, for ex-
ample—be suspected of piracy upon what shall
seem probable cause, the seizure and detention of
such a vessel by a British cruiser, though the sus-
picion turn out erroneous, would give rise to neither
public responsibility, nor any claim of indemnity
to the owner. "The right, under such circum-
stances," says the message, "not only to visit, and
detain, but to search a -hip, is a perfect right, and
in vol veineither responsibility nor indemnityNow,
Mr. President, I must say, with all respect, that
this doctrine of the message seems to me not to
have been veiy well considered, and cannot be
easily reconciled with those impregnable princi-
ples ot public law, upon which we have heretofore
gtood against the world in arms. I had supposed,
that if any principle ol the maritime code had been
triumphantly vindicated and upheld by the labor of
American statesmen, it was this:—that, in time of
peace, there is n$ right, in any case, on the part of
a foreign cruiser, to interrupt or detain the vessels
of another nation upon the high seas; that a vessel
of a nation on the high seas, m time of peace, par-
takes of the inviolability of hei territory; and that
any entry on board such vessel, without consent,
is, in the eye of the law, a trespass. If a vessel,
under the circumstances supposed in the message,
be suspected of being a pirate, a foreign cruiser
may, upon her responsibility, stop and examine
her; but she does so at her peril. If the suspected
vessel be in reality a pirate, no harm will have been
done; but if, on the other hand, she prove to be abona,
fide vessel of the nation whose flag she bears, a
trespass will have been committed, involving both
responsibility and indemnity, according to the cir-
cumstances of the case.
It would not be difficult to show that these prin-
ciples have, in other times—and those, too, not dis-
tinguished by any peculiar favor shown to the
maritime rights ot other nations—been recognised
in the fullest manner by the highest British authori-
ties. In a well known case brought before him as
judge, the celebrated Sir William Scott (afterwards
Lqjd Stowell) emphatically declared that "he could,
find no authority that gives the right of interruption,
to tlx navigation of Stales upon the high seas, ex-
cept that -which the right of war gives to belligerents
against neutrals." But the whole doctrine upon
this subject has been stated in so lucid and compre-
hensive a manner, and with such self-evident rea-
son, in a despatch of Mr. Monroe, while Secre-
tary of State under the administration of Mr. Mad-
ison, that I cannot forbear to quote here what was
said by the American Government, with so much
weight of authority, on that occasion. In the in-
structions to our plenipotentiaries for treating of
peace with Great Britain, dated the 15th April,
1813, the American doctrine—the matured and care-
fully considered result of our long di cussions
with that power on the subject of maritime rights—
was thus clearly and deliberately summed up:
"That the vessels of a nation are considered a
part of its territory, with the exception of the bel-
ligerent right only, is a principle too well estab-
lished to be brought into discussion. Each State
has exclusive jurisdiction over its own vessels. Its
laws govern in them; and offences against those
laws are punishable by its tribunals only. The flag
of o, nation protects everything sailing under it in,
time of peace; and in time of war likewise, with the
exception of the belligerent rights growing out of
the war. An entry on board the vessels of one
power by the cruisers of another, in any other case,
or the exercise of any other authority over them, is
a violation of right, and an act of hostility
It is incumbent upon us to maintain this princi-
ple of the law of nations inflexibly, and in its un-
diminished integrity. The inviolability of the deck
of an American vessel on the high seas, under all
circumstances, in time of peace; and in time of war,
with those limited exceptions only which are estab-
lished by the acknowledged laws of war as affect-
ing neutrals—is a doctrine indissolubly connected
with our national honor and security. To admit
a right of entry on board an American vessel on
the, high sea?, in any case, in time of peace, is to
surrender the principle, and to open a door for the
most dangerous abuses.
On this subject, we may learn useful lessons
from the history of the past. In our long and bit-
ter controversy with Great Britain respecting im-
pressment, unable to find any principle of the law
of nations which gave her the right "to enter on
board American vessels in quest of Britishseamen,
she defended the practice under cover of a right
of entry acknowledged to exist in time of war, for
a wholly different object. She said that, by the ac-
knowledged rules of international law, we have a
right to board and search neutral vessels in time of
war, for contialand and enemies' properly; and be-
ing, in the exercise of this unquestioned right, law-
fully on boaid an American vessel, if we find Brit-
ish seamen there, we may lawfully impress and
carry them away; though we had no light, in the
