March, 1843.
SfTH C/0K8 ...3D SKS«.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
207
The British Treaty—Mr. Bites.
Senate.
first instance, to go on board for such an object.
This was the British argument, in justification of
the impressment of seamen on board American ves-
sels, gravely put forth to the world in the memora-
ble declaration of the Prince Regent of the 9th of
January, 1813.
Now, Mr. President, if, contrary to the Whole
current of doctrine and authuiily by which we have
been heretofore guided on this subject of maritime
rights, we yield a righl of entry into an American
vessel in time of peace, in any case, upon the pica
of suspected piracy, or any other,—do we not afford
a cover, under which Great Britain, if her pride or
policy should dictate, may be emboldened to renew
her claim of impressment, even in a time of gen-
eral peacel She might well say (after the formula
of the Prince Regent's declaration) that, being
rightfully on board, upon suspicion of piracy, by your
own admission, and finding there those we claim to
be our seamen, we will impress them, m the name
and by virtue of that natural allegiance which our
laws declare to be permanent and unchangeable,
and which is due in peace as well as war.*
Of all the pretexts for the violation of our flag,
the loosest, and most susceptible of abuse in prac-
tice, would be the plea of suspected piracy. "What
are the external indicia of a piratel A low, long,
black-looking vessel, we are told; and, under this
description, every Baltimore schooner would be
subject to be boarded and overhauled. What, in
the mpdern use of language, constitutes piracy
itself "J In the plastic hands of diplomacy or power,
nothing is susceptible of a greater variety of Pro-
tean shapes. We cannot have forgotten that, in a
solemn official communication which the late Brit-
ish Principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs
(Lord Palmerston) caused to be addressed to this
Government, in justification of the destruction of
the Caroline within the limits of our territory, the,
citizens of the United States who took part with the*
inhabitants of Canada in the late insurrection in that
province were gravely characterized as "Ameri-
can pirates;" and an elaborate argument from Mr.
Webster was necessary to prove that this applica-
tion of the term was not proper. In the discussions
which took place between the same minister and
our representative in London, on this very subject
of the right of visit, he habitually denominated
vessels supposed to be engaged in the slave-trade,
as "slave-trading pirates;'' and he repeatedly and
emphatically appealed to the denunciation of the
trade as piracy by the laws of the United Slates.
It is easy to foresee, theiefore, how, under an ad-
mitted righl of visit, and search also, according to
the message, upon suspicion of piracy, with a little
of the dexterity and boldness of diplomacy in the
use of language, the whole of our growing and
important commerce on the coast of Africa might
be driven from those seas by insupportable vex-
ations.
The only security to the rights of American
navigation on the ocean, and for the honor of our
Sag, is to adhere inflexibly to the doctrine which
was maintained by our fathers, and which has been
delivered down to us from the great oracles of
public law in Europe and America—that, in time
of peace, there is no righl, in any case whatever,
on the part of a foreign cruiser, to enter and detain,
on the high seas, (whether under the name of visit
or search,) a vessel which bears our national flag;
by which, of course, is meant the legitimate and
bona fide flag of the United States. In the British
discussions of this doctrine, it has been very un-
fairly argued, as if we claimed some mysterious
virtue for the mere outward ensign—"the piece of
bunting," as Lord Palmerston permitted himself to
call it, "with the United States emblems and colors
upon it;" and that any vessel engaged in the slave-
trade could protect herself from search by merely
hoisting one of these pieces of hurtling; and that
thus British vessels, engaged in a violation of the
laws of their own country—Portuguese, Spanish,
and Brazilian slave-traders, expressly subjected to
search by the treaty stipulations of their respective
Governments—and notorious piratical outlaws—
would all be enabled, by this fraudulent disguise,
* The language of Admiral Sir Charles Napier, in the Houpc
of Common*, on the 2d of Febiuary l.ist, when the subject of
the American treaty was under discussion, may seive as an ad-
monition oi the necessity of looking to what u ay seem k  be
even remote consequences, in the treatment of these delicate
questions of maritime law. In the London Times of (he 3d
he is reported to have said, while otiongly condemning the
treaty, that "Lor i Ash burton ought to have stated to tho G >v-
-erjiment of the United Stales that wc would never depart from
the fight of taking British seamen out of American shipe,"
to pass on with security, before the eyes of a British
squadron. Now, Mr. President, it is hardly ne-
cessary for me to say that all this is purely gratui-
tous. The immunity we claim is for bona fide
American vessels, entitled to carry the flag of their
country. We admit, in the most unqualified man-
ner, the right of British cruisers to visit, detain,
and search their own vessels, Portuguese, Spanish,
and Brazilian vessels, and piratical outlaws, even
though any of them may have fraudulently as-
sumed the colors of the United States. Bui, to render
the act lawful, the vessels thus detained and search-
ed must be trulv what they are suspected to be—to
wit, British, Spanish, Portuguese, Brazilian, pirati-
cal—and not bona fide American vessels. It is
an acknowledged maxim of universal law, that
every party, while exercising his own lights, must
take care not to violate the rights of others—Sic
utere luo, ul non ahenum Iccdus.
Our late, able and distinguished minister in
France (General Cass)—who, ata critical moment
for the honor and safety ofhis country, and with a
promptitude and success which give him lasting
claims upon the gratitude of the nation, came for-
ward to vindicate the principles of our American
doctrine in the eyes of Europe, and especially of
our ancient and chivalrous ally—has furnished, in
his admirable exposition on that occasion, an illus-
tration of the subject, from the transactions of civil
life, which cannot fail to carry conviction to every
mind. He conipar'esthesituatioii of a British crui-
ser, claiming and acknowledged to possess the
right to visit and detain British, Portuguese, Span-
ish, and Brazilian vessels on the high seas, to that
of a ministerial officer of justice, under the muni-
cipal law, who has a writ or warrant of apprehen-
ed against a particular individual. His lawful
authority is to arrest A; but he suspects B to be A
in disguise. This suspicion gives him no right to
arrest B; buthe may do so, al his risk If the per-
son apprehended turns out to be A, the act is justi-
fied by the event; but if, on the other hand, he be
truly B, then a trespass has been committed, and
an action of lake imprisonment lies against the
officer. In this action, the damages, it is true, may
be materially reduced and mitigated by the consid-
eration of strong circumstances of suspicion in re-
gard to the identity of B, and the little actual injury
he may have sustained; but, in every case, the in-
violability of the personal liberty of the citizen is
maintained, and vindicated as an inexorable pi in tu-
ple of the* law. In like manner, we r an never ad-
mit as a matter of -right-, (however circumstances,
in rare and extraordinary ca-cs, might be allowed
to mitigate or extenuate the trespass,) the claim of
the British Government to visit and detain Ameri-
can vessels on the high seas, in time of peace, be-
cause they may be snspectcd of being British, or
other vessels law fully subject to search, and seeking
to screen themselves by hoisting American colors.
If British cruisers, under such circumstances, visit
and detain vessels which tuin out to be bona fide
American vessels, they do it, necessarily, at their
risk, and without light.
It is curious and instructive to trace the succes-
sive phases under which this claim has been, tit
different times, presented by the British Govern-
ment. It was first brought forward by Lord Pal-
merston, in his letter to Mr. Stevenson of the Q7lh
August, 1841. It was then claimed as "a right to
sec, by an examination of papers, that the vessel
bearing the flag of the United States was provided
with papers entitling her to wear that (lag, and
proving her to be United States propertv, and navi-
gated according, to law;" and it was to be exercised
generally undei "circumstances whith justify a
suspicion that such vessels are engaged in the
slave-trade." The annunciation of the claim was
met by our minister (Mr. Steven'on) with an ener-
gy and decision, and a ready ability, which do him
much honor. A change of administration having
occurred, the subject passed into the hands of Lord
Aberdeen. While re asserting the British claim,
he did so m lar more limittd and cautious terms.
In his letter to Mr. Stevenson of 13th October,
1811, he described it as a right to "ascertain, by
visit and inquiry,ihe nationality," simply, "of the
vessel;" and limited it to cases of "ihe most grove
suspicion and, well-founded doubts of the genvi -ic-
ness of its haracler" The claim, as yet, was not
qualified by any admission of the obligation of in-
demnity, in case of mistake. At length came the
letter of Lord Aberdeen to Mr. Eveiett, of the 20th
December, 1841, in which his Lordship states that
"if, in spite of the utmost caution, an error should
bo committed, and any American vessel should
suffer loss and injury, it would be followed by
prompt and ample reparation." Here, it is readily
admitted, is an important modification of the ground
originally assumed. But, in the same letter, the
right issiill asserted, in absolute terms, to visit and
detain American vessels on the high seas, when
their nationality is suspected, in order to ascertain,
by their papers or "other proofs," the genuineness
of their character; and we are now, it seems, for-
mally apprized, through a despatch of Lord Aber-
deen to Mr. Pox, that this alleged right continues
to be maintained by the British Government, and
will not be abandoned. To this there is but one
answer,—that the ri%ht claimed is still denied by
the United States, and will never be admitted or
acquiesced in; and I trust, sir, when the official
answer shall go from this Government, due care
will be taken to guard against any inferences, to
the prejudice of those doctrines of maritime law
which we have hitherto invariably maintained,
from any hurried or inadvertent expressions in the
recent message to the House of Representatives.
The people of this country, Mr. President, will
never admit the claim of Great Britain, orany other
power, as a matter of right, to slop and examine
their vessels on the high seas, in time of peace, in
any case, or under any pretext whatever. They
cannot be reconciled to a demand, thus imperious in
its chaiacter and dangerous in its consequences,
by the promise of reparation and indemnity in case
of mistake and consequential injury. They have
not forgotten that a similar inducement was held
out to a lecognition of the odious claim of impress-
ment, and how that proposition was answered by
their Government. Mr. Monroe, as Secretary of
Slate, was instructed to communicate the views
of the American Government upon it, in the fol-
lowing terms, to our plenipotentiaries for treating
of peace:
"It has been suggested, as an expedient for the
adjustment of this controversy, that British cruisers
should have a righl to search our vessels for Brit-
ish seamen; but that ihe commanders thereof should
be subjected to penalties m case they made mis-
takes, and took from them American citizens. By
this, the British Government would acquire the
■right of search for seamen, with that of impressing
from our vessels Ihe subjects of all other powers.
It will not escape your attention, that, by admitting
the i ighl in any case, wc give up Ihe p mciple, and
leave'Ihe door open to every kind of abuse. The
same objection is applicable to any and every other
arrangement which withholds the respeel due to our
flan, by not allowing it to protect the crew sailing
under it."
The same considerations are equally conclusive
against the admission of a right on the part of
British cruisers, in any case, and under any prom-
ise of contingent indemnity, to board and detain
American vessels, whose nationality may be ques-
tioned, in time of peace. 1 can hardly persuade
myself that the British Government has yet real-
ized to itself the startling magnitude of this new
claim of maritime police. If they have the right to
ascertain, by visit and examination, the genuine-
ness of every flag which their cruisers may en-
counter on the high seas, do they not, in effect,
revive and extend to the whole ocean the obsolete
claim of sovereignty and dominion which they for-
merly asserted within the narrow sea surrounding
their own island. Eveiy 'right has, too, its corres-
ponding remedies, if British cruisers have the
right to visit and detain all flags they meet on the
ocean, to satisfy themselves, by personal examina-
tion, of theii genuineness,—they might enforce that
i ight,in case of any attempt to resistor evade it on the
pait of the vessels sought to be visited, by the sum-
maiy naval remedies of capture and confiscation.
This is the settled maritime law, in regard to the
right of search of neutral vessels in time
of war. If a neutral vessel attempt to resist
or escape from the exercise of the right of search,
she, by that fact alone, subjects herself to capture
and condemnation as lawful prize. The same
consequence would analogically attend the right of
visit claimed by Great Britain in time of peace, if
it exist (as she contends it does) under the law of
nations; and a vessel on the high seas, conscious.of
Ihe integiity of its flag, and unwilling to submit
to the indignity and vexation of an inquisitorial
visit from a British cruiser, might find herself
punished for her contumacy, by a speedy capture,
followed by a sentence of condemnation in a
British admiralty court,
