W0fiu$l
APBBND1X TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB9
209
2Zra Cono. .. 3d Sksb.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
ascitis friends insist; but an unnecessary, arbitrary
set,, perpetrated for the purpose of harassing or
overawing the officers of justice in the performance
of,#-high constitutional duty,—it will present such
aiglarmg case of outrage and wrong as none can
veriture to justify, and few, I hope, be found to ex-
Hfion this point also depends, in a great measure,
^.authority of the judge to proceed for the con-
tempt of court. The question is this: Did General
Jacfeon imprison Judge Ha'l for the purpose of
preventing any further proceeding by the court up-
on the. writ"? Let us examine the facts carefully.
-TJhfi order for the writ was granted on the even-
ing o£ the 5th of March; Mr. Morel carried this
older to the clerk the same evening, and wrote
immediately to General Jackson the letter which I
harc'already read to the Senate. This letter first
informed General Jackson of the writ; and upon
this Information, and this alone, he ventured to
issue the order for the arrest at 7 o'clock the same
evening. This appears from the affidavit of Mr.
Claiborne, the clerk of the court, in which he
states that, in the evening of the same 5th ol
March, he called upon the General, in company
with the marshal, Mr. Duplessis, and others:
"The General showed me aletter he had received from Mi
More?, theeounselofMr.Loua!tier,informinghim(the General)
that .a, writ of habeas corpus had issued in the ca^e of Mr.
Lojtylfier."
'"fMs, witness further says, that in the course of
tijaehe was with General Jackson; and the con-
versation turning upon Judge Hall, the General
observed—
"That he had no personal prejudices against the Judge;
but that his conduct in the instance in question had brought
him under the cognizance of his ((he General's) general order;
tbatihis washts (the General's) camp, and that no person or
power must or should be over him in it."
But, sir, there is still stronger proof upon this
point. General Jackson, in his letter of the 23d
December, 1842, says:
"Onthesubjectof Louallier'a arrest, it should be known that
he secreted himself from the issuing of the order for his at rest
until he had made arrangements with Judge Hall for the habeas
corpus;:and when arrested and delivered to tbe colonel of the
provost guard, being told thatihad given directions for his good
treatment, he replied, with thanks, that it was unnecessary, as he
wouldbetheie but a short time. Hewas asked why) His re-
ply was, that Judge Hall had issued a writof habeas corpus for
hiip, on which Colonel Arbuckle wrote tome asking advice. 1
directed him to keep the prisoner as Imp: as he could wield a
bayonet, unless he was liberated by my order. Having made in-
quiry into the matter, and found that Hall had so issued the writ,
I forthwith gave orders for the arrest of Domioick A. Hall, and
setitCaptain Butler, of South Carolina, and Dr. Wm. JB.uler,
with a fileof men, for that purpose."
General Jackson's determination to defeat*
writ does not stop with the arrest of the Judge. He
had been informed that an original order for the
writ had been made by the Judge, and filed with
the clerk of the court. Fearing that this order
might in some way interfere with his-purpose, the
General, at about 9 o'clock in the evening, sends
one of his aids (Major Chotard) with a written or-
der to the clerk, requiring him to give up the ori-
ginal -order of the Judge. The clerk refuses to
comply, bat consents to accompany Major Chotard
lo the General's quarters; when the following Scene
took place, which I will permit the clerk to describe
in his own language:
"The Genera] showed me a letter he bad received from Mr.
Morel, the counsel of Mr. Louallier, informing him (the Gen-
eral), that a writ of habeas corpus had issued in the case of Le-
ather. I told the General that the wilt had not issued; he asked
me for thereason. I answered, hecause the marshal had told me
lie would not serve it on the Sabbath; and that it being returna-
ble at 11 o'clock on Monday, I thought it would be time enough
toisaue it in the morning. The General a^ked me if I intended
to issue it? I said that it was my duty to do so, and that it would
issue. At this the Genetalhanded me a printed paper, which
hpsaid was his general order, and observed that that order would
allow me he would do his duty also. The General asked me for
tRe original order of Judge Hall before mentioned. It was writ-
tenon the back of Mr. Loualiier's petition, and I handed the
General the paper. The Geneial read the order, and also the
affidavit of Mr. Morel, which was at the foot of the petition, and
observed to me thatthedates of both the order and the affidavit
had been altered, and asked what all this juggling was about! I
assured him there was no juggle, and the reason of an alteration
la the dates was as I have stated above. The General mention-
ed to me heshouid keep the paper in his o^n possession. I ob-
served to him that there was an order of court that no original
paper should be delivered out of the office. The General said
hfe should keep it under his own responsibility; that it should be
safely preserved, and that fee would give me a certified copy of
it; Which he did."
Here it is important to observe, that, prior to this
interview, General Jackson was under the impres-
sion that the writ had issued. He was led into this
mistake by the letter from Mr. Morel, stating that
% writ had been awarded. As soon as the clerk
Worms him that the writ had not been issued, but
14
was still under the control of the clerk, the Gen-
eral, with all that military quickness peculiar to
his character, perceives that the writ is still at
large. This new difficulty must be overcome; and
he forthwith sets to work l'ike a hero to strangle the
writ in the hand of the clerk. "The General," says
the clerk, "asked me if I intended to issue it. I
said that it was my duty to do so, and that I would
issue it. At this, the General handed me a printed
paper, which, he said, was his 'general order;' and
observed that that order would show me that he in-
tended to do his duty also."
Failing, by this threat, to intimidate the clerk
from issuing the writ, the General next proceeds,
by stratagem hardly to be justified even by the arbi-
trary rules of martial law, to obtain possession of
the original petition and order. At the request of
the General, the clerk hands him the paper to read;
he refuses to return it, although the clerk urges
upon him the rule of the court, "that no original
paper should be delivered out ot the office." He
replies that he will keep it under his own responsi-
bility; and then despatches the clerk with a copy of
his own record, the original remaining in the
pocket of General Jackson. But, sir, the case does
not stop here. The General understood, from this
interview with the clerk, that, although he had
shopped the Judge, and pocketed the order, the writ
would, nevertheless, issue. He therefore turns to
the marshal, (who was present with the clerk at
this interview,) and, after remarking that he had
shopped the Judge, said "that he would treat any
person who might improperly meddle with his
camp.in the same manner that he had treated the
Judge." The marshal further testifies, that it was
manifest, from the whole tenor of the conversation,
tKat the General intended to disregard the writ.
' These several acts on the part of General Jack-
son; the sudden arrest of the Judge between the
test and return of the process; the attempt to sup-
press the writ by intimidating the clerk; the surrep-
titious manner of obtaining possession of the rec-
ord; the threatening language to the marshal, and the
utter disregard of the writ itself, can admit of but
one construction. They prove, beyond all doubt,
the settled purpose of General Jackson to defeat, by
means of tyrannical and irresistible force, the legal
operation of the habeus corpus. And most thoroughly
did he succeed in his purpose; for he demolished
the court, bullied its officers, carried off its records,
and trampled beneath his feet, as so much blank
paper, its record and seal.
By way of excusing these arbitrary proceedings—
for no one even attempts to justify them—it is said
that they were necessary to the military defence
of New Orleans. I might here show, by incontest-
able evidence that the city at this time needed no
extraordinary defence; that the enemy, defeated
and routed by the battle of the 8th of January, had
retired from' the city, and were not to be found
within one hundred and fifty miles; that, in fact, the
war was over and peace declared, and known in
New Orleans; and the city, on the 5th of March,
could have been safely defended by the same band
of sixty armed soldiers who expended their military
ardor in storming the house and arresting the body
of Judge Hall. All this, however, is irrelevant to
the present inquiry. Could any state of things,
militant or peaceful, an enemy present or absent,
a siege or a blockade, a victory or a defeat—could
any emergency of war render necessary to the de-
fence of a city that a judge should be imprisoned
for the peaceful act of granting an order for a writ
of habeas carpus'1.
Is there anything in that act which could possi-
bly affect the defence of a city1? Could the impris-
onment of Judge Hall add to the strength of ram-
parts'? Would its battlements be enlarged, or its
towers strengthened, by the incarceration of his
body1? Were the seizure of the record and the
duress of the clerk necessary military movements
of defence1?
This writ was directed to General Jackson, and
upon him it was served; he had the custody of the
person for whose benefit it iss.ued, and it was with-
in his option either to have the body before the
Judge, according to the command of the writ, or to
return that the safety of the city required the reten-
tion of the prisoner. If he had taken the latter
course, we might then with propriety discuss the
other question which has been agitated here, (but
which is, in my opinion, irrelevant to the case,)—
the legality of the imprisonment of Mr. Louallier.
But, sir, he determines to take neither of these
: courses. Not satisfied with disobeying the writ
and detaining the prisoner, and with neglecting to
give any excuse or reason for the detention, -lie im-
prisoned the Judge also. The only excuse Gener-
al Jackson could allege for disobeying the.writ,
was the urgent necessity of retaining, his custody
over Louallier: having determined to retain him,
his whole object was accomplished. Where was
the necessity of taking the other step"? Assuming
supreme power, under what he called martial lav/,
over all the civil authorities, and surrounded by a
victorious army obedient to his will, Louallier was
as secure under his custody after as before the issu-
ing of the writ of habeas corpus. The imprison-
ment of Louallier conld not be rendered less secure
by the liberty of Judge Hall. Where, then, I ask,
was the necessity for4his wanton and cruel act of
oppression"? Neither the safety of the city nor the
security of the prisoner required it; and the only
reason that can be assigned for this proceeding is
the one I have named—an arbitrary determination
on the part of General Jackson to defeat any-fur-
ther pi^ceeding upon the habeas corpus.
The minority report, which accompanies this
bill, does not, in nay opinion, touch the true point in
this case. That report merely attempts to excuse
and justify General Jackson for the arrest and de-
tention of Mr. Louallier. It says not a word about
the arrest of the Judge, nor offers the slightest apol-
ogy for the contempt offered to the court. The
question is stated in the report as follows:
" This question, however, having been introduced by the
committee, the undersigned submits, that, in time of war and
of imminent public danger, it may he the duty of the comman-
der to arrest those regarded as traitors, spies, or mutineer*,
within the limits of his camp—especially in cases where it was
obvious to him that his refusal to exercise such powei would
involve the disbanding of his forces,.the defeat of his army,
and the surrender of that army, and of tbe country which he
was hound to defend. The alternative, as he fully believed,
was to make the arrest ov the abandonment of his country's'
standard, and the surrender of one other greatest, cities to a
powerful enemy, whose motto of victory involved indiscrimi-
nate plunder and licentious outrage. Under such circuiHsiances,
should he make the arrest and save the country? 'To this
question there will be but one response from the heart of eveiy
true American patriot."
Now, sir, as one of the American people, my
heart fully responds to the sentiment, that, in time
of war and of imminent public danger, it may be
the duty of the commander to arrest traitors, spies,
and mutineers, within the limits of -his camp. I
would even go further, and excuse the General for
hanging traitors and spies under such circum-
slances. But we must not confuse the innocent
with the guilty, the patriot with the traitor, even to
add to the honor and glory of General Jackson.
"Was Judge Hall a traitor, or a spy, or a mutineer?
Is there a fact or a circumstance, stated in thai re-
port, or anywhere else, implicating him in either
of these high crimes'? The imprisonment of Loual-
lier, the circumstances under which it was made,
and the reasons for its continuance, are distinct
matters from the imprisonment of Judge Hall: the
former may be excused, and even justified, without
at all affecting the legality of the latter. May not
a man be legally imprisoned, and yet a judge be
permitted to grant a writ of habeas corpus, to in-
quire into the cause of his duress, without sub-
jecting himself to the penalties of the crime which
rests upon the prisoner"?
' The law (says this report) which justified this act waathe
great law of self-defence: it was the law of necessity."
What actl The arrest of Judge Hall1? No. The
honorable gentleman who made the report does
not mean that arbitrary proceeding. He could
find no necessity so urgent, no salf-defence so
pressing, as to legalize, under any code of law,
civil or martial, an act so destructive to personal
security and civil liberty.
Did these several acts on the part of General
Jackson amount to a contempt of court"? To
answer this question satisfactorily, we must ascer-
tain what constitutes this offence. The best au-
thorities in the law describe it as follows:
"A contempt is a disobedience to the court, or an opposing or
despising the authority, justice, or dignity thereof. - It- com-
monly consists in a party's doing otherwise than he is enjoined
to do, or not doing what he is commanded or required by the
process, order, or decree of the court. Sometimes it arisesby
one or more, their opposing or disturbing the executioner
service of the process of the court, or using force to, the
Dartv that serves it; sometimes by using words importing
scorn, reproach, or diminution of the court, its process, or-
ders, officers, or ministers, upon executing such process .or
orders."
The authority to restrain and punish in a sum-
mary way a.cts of this nsturc, is -essentia:! -to tzi©
existence of every court. It is part of the law of
its judicial life necessary toils self-preservaUoji, It •
I is the right to resist or punish, on tb.e spot, JUU}
