APPENDIX tfO THUS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.i84t:
7th ConG"«*8d Sess.
Fine on General Jackson—Mr. Miller.
Senate.
•without delay, an/ insult or act calculated to dis-
turb or restrain, its judicial action in. a cause or
proceeding depending. The law of contempt em-
braces the right to maintain the honor and order of
the court; to protect its officers in the legal discharge
of their duty; to preserve Its records; or to defend
its process and writs, in their service or return,
against insult or violence.
- If we deny to a court this power of self-protec-
tion, the obstinacy or the violence of any one man
may at any moment stop the proceedings in a cause,
bar the doors of your courts, and break up the ad-
ministration of law and justice.
Was not that the result in the case before us1? A
legal proceeding had been commenced—a writ
issued under the authority and seal of the court, and
made returnable at a certain time and place. The
object of the writ required that it should be execut-
ed with as 1 ittle delay as possible; its purposes being
to inquire into the cause of the imprisonment of a
citizen, who alleged that he was illegally deprived
of his liberty. ^
Now, sir, if a person, conscious that these pro-
ceedings are in progress, and desirous of defeating
them, wrests from the hands of the clerk the order
and petition upon which the proceedings are found-
ed, and, between the test and return, seizes with
armed force and imprisons the judge who issued
the writ, and thus prevents him from being present
to hear the parties on the return day, is he not
guilty of a gross contempt'! If this be not con-
tempt of court, then, alas! are our courts beneath
contempt.
This is, in fact, something more than a con-
tempt. For a contempt is seldom so outrageous as
to deprive the tribunal of its existence; but here
the blow was so fierce and fatal, that the whole
court, with all its functions and faculties, judicial,
ministerial, and executive, together with its record,
process, and seal—all fell paralyzed in death be-
neath the arm of the hero of New Orleans.
Thus far I have spoken only of the outrage to
the Judge—of the contempt to the court. These,
•unjustifiable as they are, might have been excused
by an indulgent and grateful people; but there is
exposed by these proceedings a still deeper outrage,
and a still higher contempt—an outrage against the
Constitution, a contempt of the writ of habeas corpus.
I could forgive much, in consideration of the mil-
itary services of General Jackson; but who that re-
veres the institutions of his country can sanction a
■wanton breach of its Constitution? Who that loves
liberty can excuse the blow that strikes down the
bulwarks of its defence"?
In the erection and maintenance of a Govern-
ment founded upon liberty and law, principles,
and sometimes things, are of more importance than
men. Thousands of lives were sacrificed to obtain
our Constitution. Our ancestors contended for
years, amidst revolutions and persecutions in the
field and m the Senate, for the establishment of that
freat instrument of English liberty—the writ of
abeas corpus; and shall we, their descendants, yield
both these proud trophies of patriotism to the in-
satiable ambition and craving vanity of one man"!
Gen. Jackson, in the vigor of his youth, was willing
to sacrifice his life in defence of his country; and
does he now, in old age, grudge a thousand pieces
of silver, expended in vindication of a principle, de-
prived of which his country would not be worth
defending"!
Our fathers, mindful of the history of the writ of
habeas corpus, sad duly appreciating its importance
in the protection of personal and civil liberty against
the aggressions of arbitrary power, did, in and by
the Constitution, secure the privilege of this writ
to every American citizen in the following words:
"The privilege of the writ of habeos corpus shall not be
nuspended, unless yrhen, in cases of rebellion or invasion, the
public safety may require it."
Mark the words, "the privilege of the writ\"—a.
inown right, a common prerogative, used and en-
joyed by the people before and at the time of the
adoption of the Constitution; and which that instru-
ment does not grant, but merely preserves. The
jpower to suspend this great common-law privilege
is reserved to Congress, the Representatives ofthe
people; and even then their control over it is limit-
ed to two emergencies—rebellion or invasion; and
not even then, unless the public safety require it. •
Of little value would be that constitutionally pre-
served privilege, if the power to suspend it is left
in the hands of every commander in our army and
Mvy, to be exercised according to his judgment or
whiflij neither the Executive, the commander-in-
chief of the army and navy, the judge.who issues
the writ—no, not even the sovereign people, for
whose benefit this privilege is reserved, have the
power to suspend it; Congress, and Congress alone,
can do it.
This is acknowledged by all. Yet we are told
that there is a law superior to the Constitution—the
law of war, called martial law! Do gentlemen
mean to say that a declaration of war abrogates the
Constitution"! Was not our Constitution made for
war as well as for peace"? Is its potency only to
be felt in the quiet unresisting times of peace, but
lost amid the din of arms and shouts of victory"? It
would, indeed, be an ill-constructed instrument for
the government of a free people, if it made no pro-
vision for the protection of the property, the liberty,
and the life of a citizen at a time when all these
rights demand the most efficient support, and re-
quire the most powerful protection.
But this martial law—what is it"! What its defi-
nition"! From whence does it proceed, and what
are its limits'!
This thing called martial law once had a kind
of existence in England. It was felt, but not seen,
dwelling in the dark corners of the star-chamber,
seizing citizens in the darkness of the night, and
dragging them off to be tried and executed by arm-
ed men; in its character, half military, half civil—a
court-martial for trial of civil offences.
So ill-shapen, so monstrous, so undefinable was
this law, that Judge Blackstone, who could, in one
short sentence, define the municipal law of Eng-
land, found himself utterly at fault in describing the
martial law, and contents himself by telling us that
it is the absence of all law. If I should undertake
to define this law, it would be by reversing Judge
Blackstone's definition of municipal law, to wit:
"Martial law has no rule of action, does not pro-
ceed from the supreme power of the State, neither
commanding what is right, nor prohibiting what is
wrong."
If by this law is meant that code of laws which
govern men in arms—the rules and regulations of
an army and navy—we all understand it. But when
you claim for this law a supremacy over the Con-
stitution; when you extend its jurisdiction over the
citizen—over the life, liberty, and property of the
private individual, and subject liim and all his
rights to be dealt with according to the will or whim
of a military commander—you present a monster, a
tyrant, under whose government no freeman could
live in safety for an hour.
General Jackson seems to have been under the
impression that this constitutional privilege was
only to be enjoyed in time of peace; that the writ
of habeas corpus was a tame, quiet process, to be
sent to county jails, and only obligatory upon sher-
iffs and turnkeys; but upon a major general, whose
camp is a city, and whose only law is a camp order,
enforced at the point of the bayonet! what avail
parchments, writs, and paper constitutions'? Shall
the soldier yield to the civil marshal"! Shall the
general yield to the judge"?
General Jackson forgot, at the time, the history
of that writ. You, sir, know that it had its origin
in war and civil commotion, when, under pretence
of an urgent necessity and public safety, men were
seized by armed soldiers, thrown into prison, and
kept there, unheard and untried, by the mere man-
dale of the King.
That man Jenks, whose imprisonment was one
of the immediate causes that produced the famous
act of habeas corpus, was a citizen of London, on
the popular or factious side. He was committed
by the King in council, for a mutinous speech in
Guildhall. The Chancellor, on an application for
a habeas corpus, declined to issue it during the vaca-
tion; and the Chief Justice of the King's Bench
made so many difficulties about issuing the writ, that
Jenks lay in prison several weeks. This arbitrary
imprisonment of an humble citizen of London ex-
cited the spirit of liberty throughout all England;
and notwithstanding the mandate of the King in
council, and the craven prevarication of the Chan-
cellor and of the Chief Justice, the Commons of
England never rested until they had secured by law
an effectual remedy against anv future outrage
upon the liberty of the citizen. That remedy has,
since that day, been sacredly preserved as a great
landmark in the progressive advancement of civil
liberty. It has been called the second Magna Char-
ta of English rights. Our fathers brought it with
them as a cherished jewel; they re-enacted it in
every State Legislature; they embodied it in the
Constitution of the Union; arid there it now stands,
stereotyped forever, in these words: "The priv-
ilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be sus-
pended."
From the time when the commons of England
triumphed over the arbitrary martial-law power of
the crown—from the day of the enactment of the
habeas corpus, in the reign of Charles the Sec-
ond—from the formation of our Constitution—
through all the commotions, revolutions, and wars
in England and in America—no King, no President,
no popular military chieftain ever ventured to sus-
pend, even for an hour, the privilege of the writ of
habeas corpus, until General Jackson, on the 5th
of March, 1815, and in the 39th year of our inde-
pendence, took upon himself the responsibility.
This case stands alone. For one hundred and
fifty years has this writ been revered as the guardian
spirit of human liberty, pursuing unmolested ths
even tenor of its way, commandingobedlence from
every authority, entering every prison, descending
into every dungeon, and, through grated doors and
arms of steel, bringing forth the prisoner, together
with the cause of his imprisonment, to the light of
day.
Now, sir, I ask, can we, the Senate ofthe United
States, existing by and acting under the Constitu-
tion, excuse, and thereby justify, this suspension of
the habeas corpus"! No, sir; we cannot; we dare
not. I would do anything for General Jackson
rather than this. Erect monuments, make triumph-
al arches, bnild temples in honor of the glorious
victory at New Orleans; but I cannot sacrifice a
great constitutional principle—a principle more
valuable to this people than a hundred cities, more
glorious than a thousand victories.
Why is this measure urged upon Congress just
at this time"! After sleeping for a quarter of a
century, this claim suddenly awakes, as by the
touch of a magician's wand; the whole country be-
comes agitated with an anxious sense of justice,
brooking no delay. The public treasure groans to
be delivered of the fine money; and General Jack-
son and his friends can live no longer under the
foul imputation of the sentence. Why this sudden
outbreak of justice, gratitude, and sensibility"?
Were not all the facts of the case as well known
twelve years ago, as they are ai the present moment"?
Has delay advanced the validity of the claim"? Has
neglect aroused our gratitude^? Has time made the
outrage more glaring"?
Passing over the eight years of General Jack-
son's administration, (during whicha senseof deli-
cacy might forbid action upon this subject,) how
can we account for the silence of Mr. Van Buren,
during the four years of his administration"? Did
his keen eye not perceive this stain upon the char-
acter of his great benefactor"? Was his gratitude
so obtuse that it could not give a word or a hint
that the thing would be agreeable^ Or was it that,
having glory enough in those days, this little matter
ofthe'thousand dollars fine was laid by for a season
of sea rcity"?
I believe I know that this measure has here and
elsewhere many honest supporters. The honora-
ble Senator from Missouri, who introduced the bill,
has too much sincerity and honesty of character
ever to advocate a measure here which he does
not believe to be right and just. Yet, sir, from all
that I have seen and heard, I cannot divest myself
of the impression that a certain aspirant to the Pres-
idency is attempting, through this measure, to use
once more the name and influence of Gen. Jackson
to obtain a second time the object of his ambition.
t Having once been warmed and illuminated by the
meridian influences of his glorious predecessor, he
has, during a short eclipse, been examining with
telescopic accuracy, the clouded face ofthe great
luminary, to discover, if he could, some little spot
from which might be elicited a solitary ray of re-
flected glory.
In order to get at this little matter of glorifica-
tion, the life and history of the old hero have been
conned over to find, if possible, some dubious point
of official conduct—some unjustisfied act—some un-
varnished spot, a vanity not satisfied, an insult un-
avenged; and, at last, this matter of the fine is fixed
upon as an offensive object in the picture, and we
are called upon to varnish it over by legislative en-
actment. Let me say to the friends of Gen. Jack-
son, you are not true limners; you will spoil the
painting by this varnish. It is these rough points
and dark shades that give character and individu-
ality to the picture. Smooth them down, or gild
them over, and it will no longer be a true likeness of
pour responsibility-taking hero. It is better for all
