Feb. I'fetS.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%13
27TH CONG*-**3D Sess.
Treasury Note Bill-r-Mr, Barnard.
H. of Reps
tf&t'the Governrnent may, at any time, on reasona-
ble notice, pay off or reduce its indebtedness to the
MiS; '£mi alio that the bank may, on reasonable
'fiMipe,-require the paymentor reduction of its debt—
-^tamped notes of such bank being, in either
-'Cise;,cancelled to an amount equal to the payment
:df'reduction; and, in case of a demand of payment
"by'ftebank, the Government to have the option of
'w^Sient in cash, or of giving its bond for a term
oif'.feat's, upon interest not exceeding six per cent.
This, sir, is the general outline of the plan. It is
.perfectly simple; can be comprehended by a child;
adtoits of no mystification. It means, and can mean,
"noting more and nothing less than -what is ex-
* pressed on its face. If it is objectionable andinad-
niikible, gentlemen can state how and why, and
can do it as well to-day as they could after a
weed's reflection. It is not a plan to be thrust aside
bfe"<5&use it cannot be understood, nor because it pro-
■ppses'any experiment the operation of which may
not be fully foreseen. It proposes no mere experi-
ment in anything, and scarcely anything which is
really new and untried. It is nothing new for this
Government to borrow money, and to borrow of
batiks; and, though the act of stamping State bank
currency receivable for public dues has not been
heretofore attempted, yet banks have issued their
notes before, and Government too has issued its
notes. No new kind of currency is to be tried; it
is the currency of State banks, limited in amount,
that is proposed to be employed, resting on the same
.responsibility of the banks to redeem, and on the
same specie basis for its convertibility, as hereto-
fore; and the Government, instead of issuing notes
of its own, on which it should stand solely respon-
sible, will merely stamp this limited amount of
State bank paper, so as to make it a legal medium
of payments to the treasury by the debtors of the
Government; and that by such an arrangement, that
the Government cannot be subjected to the possible
loss of a dollar. It is not to be Government paper
in any sense; the Government is not to undertake
for its redemption, or even for any default of the
banks, other than by making it receivable at par
.for public dues as money, whether the banks re-
deem or fail to redeem. This, of course, is a valu-
able security to the holders of these bills, beyond
the responsibility of the sources of issue; for it is
clear, supposing suspension by any bank, or even
the most complete failure and insolvency of such
bank, the holders ot its stamped paper could suffer
no considerable loss, inasmuch as its value could
never fall below that of treasury notes receivable
at the treasury. The Government, in the mean
time, undertaking for nothing,but receivability,
stands without the slightest liability to loss; since it
already has the money of the bank in its hands, to
the full amount of the stamped paper outstanding,
for which it is indebted to the bank, and which in-
debtedness is reduced and paid off as fast as the
stamped paper is received at the treasury, cancel-
led, and returned to the bank.
It is not doubted that the banks would gladly
embrace the proposal held out to them by this bill.
Their condition at the present time is a crippled
one, just in proportion to the depressed and stagnant
state ofbusiness in the country—crippled, I mean,
in regard to the extent and profitableness of their
current transactions. Their numbers have been
much thinned by the prevailing distempers of re-
cent times. Some of those that remain are undoubt-
edly still in a critical, if not desperate state; but by
far the greater number never were in a sounder
condition. Specie payments have been resumed
all over the United States, except, I think, at two or
three points only at the South. It is probable, in-
deed, that never before, since banking commenced
in this country, did the specie in the vaults of the
banks bear so large a proportion to their circulation.
In the city of New York, as shown by recent re-
turns, the bar.ks have seven millions of specie to
one million of actual circulation; and, taking all
the banks of the State together, the excess of specie
over their paper in the hands of the peopleis above
a million and a quarter. .
But banks may be in a very sound condition, and
yet not be in a condition which favors or indicates
a itate of prosperity in the commercial community.
At present, their circulation is greatly restricted;
and yet, no doubt, the currency is as full as the real
demands of business require in its present depres-
sion and stagnation; and I hope that hereafter,for-
ever, their circulation will continue to be limited to
Cereal.demands of business, though I hope also
that the time is not distant when, by better facilities,
confidence will revive, and business along with it.
Nothing can tend to furnish these necessary facili-
ties so effectually as a national currency. At pres-
ent, too, these banks—very many of them, certain-
ly—are in want of good customers for their money,
and can be in no way reluctant, therefore, to sup-
ply the Government with the moderate sum it re-
quires. Indeed, the Government is already their
debtor to a large amount in treasury notes, and the
loan proposed by this bill will only change the form
of the indebtedness. The advantage to the banks
in this transaction is obvious. It secures to them
not only a good customer for a portion of their loan-
able capital, but also the pretty certain benefit of a
circulation to an amount equal to the loan. If they
can keep out any paper whatever, they can certain-
ly keep out this stamped paper. Much of it will
travel far beyond the range of their ordinary issues,
on errands which will only be accomplished, often-
times, by running the whole circuit of commerce
from one end of the country to the other. With
this advantage, drawing interest as they will in
their circulation, they can atTord to put down the
interest on their loans to a very moderate rate.
And this I have no doubt would be done, and so as
to effect an important saving in the item of inter-
est, by the diminished rate, as compared with that
which the Government now pays to the banks and
others on its treasury notes and public debt.
But it is in no respect with any special view to
the benefit of banks that this plan is brought for-
ward; least of all, to bring them under the patronage
or the pettings of the Executive, If incidental ad-
vantages accrue to them in any proper financial
measu re of this Government, I am not one to make
that matter of difficulty or objection. I should re-
joice to see this Government and the banking in-
stitutions of the country, which exist, and must
exist, brought once more into harmony, after the
ruthless war that has been'waged upon them; but
I do not want to see them brought again into a cor-
rupt subjection to the Executive, aad I cannot dis-
cover any such dangerous tendencies in the plan
here proposed. Under this plan, the Government
will make proposals for a business arrangement
with the banks in the way of a loan, just as any
other customer might do. There will be no lack
of sound specie-paying banks to offer for the loan,
and the Government will be forced to take the
offers that are most advantageous to the Govern-
ment. In all this, there is no chance for any such
favoritism or corrupt practice, as when the treas-
ury, having a surplus of very many millions of
revenue on hand, was at liberty to select a few
favored institutions, without limitation or restric-
tion on its choice, as the recipients of its high boun-
ty, in the shape of deposites, amounting to a gratui-
tous loan of heavy sums of money from the public
coffers.
The Government, as I have said, is, and must
for some time continue to be, a debtor for borrowed
money. The plan now proposed does not contem-
plate any increase of the public debt—none, certain-
ly, of any consequence. Fifteen millions is named
as the maximum amount to be borrowed of the
banks. Twelve millions, or thereabouts, will be
required within the year, to pay treasury notes ac-
tually due; and no more is allowed by the bill to
be borrowed than may be found indispensable for
this purpose, and to meet any actual deficit (cer-
tainly, in my opinion, not likely to occur) in the
treasury in the recess of Congress. The President
seems to think there is danger of a deficit; the
Secretary does not, and the Committee of Ways
and Means do not. This bill will, at any rate,
put this matter so beyond the reach of contingency,
as to leave no apology, on this score, for an extra
session of Congress. This will be one point gained,
but not the most important.
The stamped currency will be a perfectly safe
as well as a convenient medium of payments and
receipts at the treasury. No failure of the banks
can affect its value in the hands of the Government.
If such an event occurs, while this paper or any
part of it is in its hands, it is still worth its amount
in gold and silver—every dollar of it; for it will pay
debts due from the Government, as well as so much
gold and silver. All this kind of paper, whether
in the treasury when failures occur, (it they should
occur at all,) or coming m afterwards, will be equal
to specie for the uses of the Government, because
it will be immediately turned back to the sources
from which it issued, in payment of the public debt
in those quarters. .
There is one possible hazard to which the treas-
ury might in one event be subjected, but which, is
easily provided for beforehand. If, at anytime
while this plan should be in operation, one of (hose
revulsions in the commercial world -^should .qeispi;,
which should drive the banking institutiop^qf.lhe
country toageneral suspension of specie pgynpetil^-r-
an event which has twice happened, and opjy twjq^,
in our history—then the treasury might-, find, i§j!lf
in the receipt of a medium for curregt, revenue*,
which it could not pay out for current expenses. Just
having passed through one of those scenes and
seasons of general suspension, every one will - see
how little is to be apprehended at present on this
score; and yet I have thought it prudent to provide
for such a possib'e occurrence, by inserting in my
billa provisional authority to the Secretary of'the
Treasury to meet any such event and exigency
which should arise in the recess of Congress, Dy to
issue of treasury notes not exceeding five millions
of dollars. Such would be a proper occasion for
a resort to treasury notes; and this provisional'au-
thority gives every possible security to the treasury
in the practical working of the plan.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is mainly to the advantage
of the community, of the American people, that I
have looked in bringing forward this measttfe..
Suffering as this people have done now for IptjS
years, under the oppressive action or the crutel
neglect of this Government in regard to the vijal
subject of the currency, it is time not only that
something were attempted, but that soinethltig
should be done. Admit that the attempts.already
made, and which have so signally failed of sb'c-
cess, have put an end to every hope of establish-
ing any permanent measure for fiscal purposes'afrdL
for currency, any measure worthy of the subject,
worthy of statesmen to devise, worthy of the coun-
try, and likely to stand the test of all trial and bf
all time—admit all this, and what then"! Are we,
therefore, justified in doing nothing'?
If there be an expedient—a provisional measure
like this which I have brought to the notice of -the
House this morning, involving no intricate details,
nothing to perplex, nothing to raise apprehensions,
nothing to doubt about, and nothing which can be
tortured into a departure from our own well-estab-
lished political and economical principles andvtett'S
of public policy—a measure standing, inftofaSy
or degree, as an obstruction or impediment to bur
bringing out and establishing hereafter a favorite,
a more worthy and permanent measure, applica-
ble to the same subject, whenever (if ever) we anay
be clothed with the requisite political poWeI<—jpia,
finally, a measure which fairly promises to be suc-
cessful, to accomplish eminent good -without the
slightest hazard of doing any harm whatever,—if,
I say, there be such a provisional measure, and if
this which I here offer be such a measure, (and I
religiously believe it is,)^what excuse or apology
can we ofler to the country for failing to resort to it
and to adopt it? I address myself to men of my
own political faith and party. Do we wish for the
confidence of the countrv, and for future political
successes and triumphs'? Let our first wish and res-
olution be to deserve that confidence aftd those Suc-
cesses and triumphs. Wc cannot command the
confidence of the country by sullen inaction or a
dogged resolution to do nothing, while everything
valuable and effective, and not positively mis-
chievous, remains to be done; we cannot'Ponotfiand
that confidence otherwise than by steady, "persever-
ing, and zealous efforts for the relief cf the people
in a season of unprecedented depression and dis-
tress, and for their prosperity. The necessary-
means and instruments of public prosperity, the
necessary facilities for the re-<Stablishment of the
ordinary business relations and the transaction of
the ordinary business operations of this gfeat
American community, cannot be supplied but
through the agency of" this Government. Without
its action, there can be no national currency; and
without such a currency, there Can be no stable
system of cheap and equal exchanges; and there can
be no return to profitable business and to prosperity
without such a currency and such exchanges. "We
cannot have a bank, and we will not have an ex-
chequer; but we may have, for the current time, a
national currencv and equal exchanges, without
either of those establishments; and, in my solemn
conviction, we are much to blame if we do not no'w
make the necessary provision on the subject.
I do not entertain a doubt that the paper con-
templated by this bill will form a currency of
national import and .character—bow perfect or
complete it may be in this respect, I do not under-
