214
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Feb. 1843.
27th Co g«...3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Gushing.
H. of Reps.
take to say. That it will answer, however, for
the uses of travel between different and distant
States, for remittance; and thus serve, to a valua-
ble extent, for exchange, I have no manner of
doubt. A New York or Boston bank note, re-
ceivable at the treasury for public dues by virtue
of the treasury stamp upon it, will be equal to gold
and silver at New Orleans, at St. Louis, or at
Cincinnati; and the like notes of banks issued at
either of these latter places would be of equal value
at New York or Boston. These notes will have
the essential "odor of nationality," and will fairly
answer the direct uses of a national currency from
the moment of their issue.
And their influence on the local currencies, it
seems to me, cannot fail to be the most beneficial
and salutary. When the local institutions now
fail to furnish a sound convertible local currency,
it may be expected that ihey will return—at least
that some banks among them will do so—to sound
practices in banking, in order to embrace the ad-
vantages which the Government will offer thdfc, by
proposing to become their customer for a portion
of their loanable capital, and to help them, by its
name and credit, to the benefits of a healthy cir-
culation. Where the local currencies are now
sound, but the circulation is restricted and straiten-
ed by the prevalent want of confidence between the
banks and the community, the effects of the new
currency—enlarging in some degree, as it probably
would, the volume of the whole circulating me-
dium—would be to invigorate and quicken thelan-
guidflow of that which already exists. It would
be impossible to infuse ten or twelve millions of
good convertible national currency, of equal value
everywhere, and commanding equal and universal
confidence, into the mass of the general currency,
withont producing at once a striking and marked
effect on the whole material of the circulation.
Some of the present paper—the most worthless
portions of it—would be displaced; and all that re-
mained to take its chance alongside of the new
paper must be improved. It must put on a charac-
ter fit to appear in public with that better sort of
paper whose company it keeps.
This will be especially true of the unstamped
paper of those banks, a portion of whose issues
have the countersignature of the treasury upon
them. The paper of such banks cannot fail to
command the special confidence and respect of
the community. The community will see that, by
the very terms of the arrangement of the Govern-
ment with these banks, the strongest motives are
broifght to bear upon them to keep themselves in
a healthy and sound condition. If they fail for one
instant to redeem any of their issues in specie on
demand, they suffer the loss of interest on their
loan; their stamped paper comes back upon them—
not depreciated, but at par—which they are obliged
to receive in payment for so much of their capital
lent to the Government; they lose at once all the
advantages of their position, and must fall back out
of the line where tney have stood, in disgrace, and
probably in ruin. These banks will have every
inducement to follow none but safe practices, to try
no experiments, to indulge in no expansions. On
this point, indeed, all banks have been taught a
lesson, by their recent experience and sufferings,
which they will not be likely to forget immediately.
And my opinion is, most decidedly, that from this
period forward, for a series of years, with the aid
only of a sound national currency to begin with,
and the proper action and conduct of this Govern-
ment generally on the subject, we may expect,
from the State banks in every quarter of the coun-
try, a better system of banking and a sounder con-
dition of the currency than we have had for a
very long period—certainly since the war of Gen.
Jackson on the late Bank of the United States first
commenced. I believe that the simple plan which
I now propose, while it will furnish directly an
available sort of paper for national and general
uses, will be the means also, at once, of improving
the local currencies all over the country, and bring-
ing them up, where they are not so already, to an
equal and uniform value, and to the specie stand-
ard; and 1 believe that nothing else is wanting
to revive confidence and business all over the
land, to restore public prosperity, and, at the same
time, to replenish our exhausted treasury. For, let
me add, I am not oneof those who think that the tanfi
has ruined the treasury; I think the tariff a good one
for the treasury, as well as for other interests; and
that it will so prove itself to be, the moment the
country returns to anything like fair prosperity. If,
by the aid of this bill, or otherwise, the business of
the country shall revive, we shall have twenty mil-
lions of revenue from this tariff in the year 1844.
I venture this prediction.
Mr. Chairman, there is one topic more that I will
touch, and then hasten to a conclusion. It seems
to me that there is a prevalent and mischievous er-
ror abroad on the subject of the exchanges of the
country, whichneeds to be corrected. It seems to be
entertained/in some eminent quarters, which makes
it all the more dangerous, if it be error, as I sup-
pose it to be.
There can be no doubt that deranged exchanges
are a fatal obstacle to business between the different
parts and seciions of the country. The question is,
how shall equal and cheap exchanges be supplied1?
Can it be done by means of a national bank, or a
Government exchequer, authorized and required to
sell cheap exchanges'? No doubt of it in the world;
but is such an institution or instrumentality ne-
cessary or effective for this purpose, except when
the local currencies are deranged? No, no. It is
the deranged condition of the local currencies,
their unequal valueas compared with specie, which
makes the exchanges unequal and dear. But for
this cause, exchange from any one commercial
point in the country to any other commercial point,
would never, except under very peculiar and
temporary circumstances, command a price be-
yond the lair cost of remitting specie; generally
it would fall far below that price, and private deal-
ers, banks, and bankers would supply it in abun-
dance. Certainly, I am of opinion that a bank of
the United States, with branches, is the best and
most convenient institution the countiy could have
to supply the commercial community with ex-
changes. It could probably supply then; more
cheaply than they could possibly be supplied in any
other mode. But if we are ever to have again
regulated and equal local currencies in the coun-
try, (as I trust we are,) 1 confess I do not perceive
the great advantage, in respect to exchanges, from
setting up a Government bank, called an exchequer,.
to sell exchange to the community, as the Execu-
tive exchequer proposes to do, at a price "not ex-
ceeding the fair cost of remitting specie." I deny
that at any time, even with the local currencies
most deranged, the exchange of specie funds be-
tween commercial places m this country has, on
the whole, exceeded the fair cost of remitting spe-
cie. It has been very different with the exchange
of funds consisting of local paper, and the exchange
of such paper funds for specie. If A, in New
York, has money due him in Mobile, and that
money has been collected in local currency, or
consists of local paper, which is twenty-five per
cent, below the par of specie, he or his agent must
pay twenty-five per cent, to convert this money into
specie, or specie funds, before he can exchange it
with B, in Mobile, for his (B's) specie funds in
New York. And if the Government exchequer,
by its agency, was then in Mobile to sell A's agent
a draft in New York at one per cent., still it would
cost A twenty-six per cent, to get the specie value
of his money placed in New York. In all this
there is no mystery, and there should be no mysti-
fication. Once make the local currencies sound,
and give us at the same time a national currency
of equal value everywhere, and there will be no
difficulty about the exchanges. Why, sir, at this
moment, without any national currency, but with
the resumption of specie payments by the banks in
the various quarters of the Union, the exchanges
at New York are down to the most moderate rates—
to one-eighth of one per cent, in many cases:
scarcely anywhere exceeding two per cent., except
on Mississippi, where the bank paper is irredeem-
able, and at a heavy discount. There is, of course,
little demand for exchange where there is no busi-
ness. With the introduction now of a currency of
national import and equal value—which I believe
the measure I present would afford—supplying the
means of remitting small, or comparatively moder-
ate sums, furnishing of itself, to some extent, a
sound local currency, and acting favorably on the
mass of the local currencies, there would be noth-
ing to apprehend, and nothing to want in regard to
the exchanges. They would be cheap, and they
would be abundant, just in proportion to the busi-
ness operations and the trade of the country, and
to the demand for them; and I believe the business
and trade of the country, and its common prosper-
ity, would immediately revive under the operation
of this measure. Let it be tried, and we shall see.
It is at least innocuous—it can do no harm, if it
should do no good.
I have already said, 1 think, that I regard this, at
present, as a provisional measure. The very found-
ation on which the plan rests, in its present form,
is temporary—it rests on a loan of money from the
bank's. Whenever the treasury shall be in a con-
dition to pay ofi this loan, and it shall be deemed
necessary and advisable to pay it off, there will then
be nothing left for the measure, as a currency meas-
ure, to stand upon. Unless, therefore, the practical
working of the plan should chance to exhibit ad-
vantages which the country would be unwilling to
forego, merely to avoid the trifling expense at
which it might have to be maintained, it must, in
due time, give place to some wiser and more per-
manent measure. Nor need the country nor par-
ties wait even for such an event for its displace-
ment. Either party, or any party in power in the
next Congress, or under the next Administration,
may bring in its favorite plan, and substitute it for
this. If those who shall be in power shall prefer a
sub-treasury, they can have it; if a national bank,
they can have it; if an exchequer, they can have it.
One thing, at least, seems certain—and that is, that
the party holding the majority in the present Con-
gress must act now on the subject of the currency,
or not at all for more than two years to come. Our
term of office and our power are just ready to ex-
pire; and we shall be succeeded in our places and
in our authority in this hall by men of very different
views of public policy from our own. We have no
right, if we can possibly avoid it, to leave it to the
so-called Democratic party—destructives, as we
hold them to be, on this, as on some other topics—to
legislate for this great country in regard to the vi-
tal question of the currency. At least, let us, be-
fore we separate, adopt a measure—though not the
best, which we know is impossible—yet one which
cannot fail to set the country forward on the right
track, and in the high road to prosperity, so that the
party which is to supplant us here in the next Con-
gress, if they shall then venture on their destructive
measures, i-hall not have this excuse for their con-
duct—that they found the whole field of operation
waste and derelict, and that they -were bound to re-
claim and re-enter upon it after their own wonted
manner. We have now an opportunity of acting
on this subject in a way which cannot fail to result
in some benefit to the country, and so as to make
our opponents pause before they shall lay their
hands on our work to destroy it. Perhaps in this
way they may be wholly deterred from their de-
structive policy. "Who can tell'? If not, we shall
have done our duty. But how can we justify inac-
tion'? We have ourselves, by our own acts of re-
peal, thrown open a broad highway to the question
of the currency; and do we now propose to with-
draw ourselves wholly from it, and leave it free
and unobstructed, for those to rush in—almost invi-
ted by ourselves to enter—whom we lately struggled
so desperately to dispossess and expel from this
very position? Strange conduct this, it seems to
me; and such as we shall find it difficult to stand
upon before those to whom we must render up our
account.
But, Mr. Chairman, I take leave of the subject.
I have spoken, some may think, as if I expected to
succeed. No, sir; no. I have only spoken as ifthe
measure I present deserved to succeed. I indulge
in no vain expectations about it. I understand per-
fectly the difficulties it has to encounter in this
body; and, having acquitted myself fully of my duty
in regard to the whole subject, I leave the measure
to its fate.
SPEECH OF MR. CUSHING,
of Massachusetts.
In the House of Representatives, Feb, 28, 1843—
On the Ashburton treaty.
Mr. CUSHING, in addition to the remarks made
by him on the 28th of February, in support of the
bill for carrying into effect the Ashburton treaty, as
reported in the National Intelligencer of the 1st of
March, intended (if time had permitted) to submit
to the House the lollowing general view of the bill
under consideration:
The Committee on Foreign Affairs found, on in-
spection of the treaty, that, in order to give full ef-
fect thereto, legislation, by Congress was necessary"
on the following points, viz:
1. The organization and compensation of a com-
mission to run, trace, and mark certain parts of
the boundary line between the United States and
