Feb. 1843.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
218
aiTTB Comg*--'3d Sess.
The British Treaty—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
the British possessions in North America, as fixed
and prescribed by the said treaty.
, 2. To make appropriation of, and provide for
drawing from the treasury, certain sums of money
required by the said treaty to be paid to the States
of Maine and Massachusetts.
The committee were also of opinion that it was
proper to insert in. the bill a provision to authorize
• the application of a part of the regular naval appro-
priation to the preparation, equipment, and main-
tenance on the coast of Africa of a sufficient squad-
ron, in order to the execution of the laws of the
United States for the suppression of the slave-
trade.
This treaty having been duly negotiated under
authority of the Executive, and ratified by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, now consti-
tutes an integral part of the supreme law of the
land, in the express terms of the Constitution; in
consideration of which the committee would, with-
out otherinvestigation of the subject, have deemed
it their duty to present to the House, as they had
done, a bill covering those points of the "treaty
which call for action on the part of Congress.
Mr. C. desired for himself, as this question had
been very voluminously discussed elsewhere, to lay
before the House only a brief analysis of those
particularprovisionsand objects of the treaty which
call for present legislation, and of the reasons of
public right and policy on which such of its several
stipulations are iounded.
The treaty has three great objects, viz: 1. To set-
tle and define the boundaries between the territo-
ries Of the United States and those of Great Brit-
ain in North America. 2. For the final suppres-
sion of the African slave-trade; and, 3d. For the
reciprocal extradition in certain cases of criminals
fugitive from justice.
I. To settle and define boundaries.
In the treaty concluded at Paris on the 3d of Sep-
tember, 1783, by which Great Britain recognises
the independence and the existing territorial rights
and possessions of the United States, the boundary
between the United States and the British posses-
sions in North America on the north and east is
described in the words following:
"Article 2. And that all disputes which might arise in future,
on the subject of the boundaries of the said United States, may
he prevented, it is hereby agreed and declared that the following
are, and shall be, their boundaries, viz: From thenorthwest an-
gle of Nova Scotia, viz: that angle which is formed by a line
drawn due north from the source of the Saint Croix river to
the highlands which divide those riversthat empty themselves
into the St. Lawrence from those which fall into the Atlantic
ocean, to the north westernmost head of Connecticut river; thence
down along the middle of that river to the forty-fifth degree of
north latitude; ftom thence, by a line due west on said latitude,
until it strikes the river Iroquois or Cataraguy; thence along
the middle of Baid river into Lake Ontario, thrsueh the middle
of said lake until it strikes the communication by water be-
tween that lake and Lake Erie; thence along the middle of said
communication into Lake Erie, through the middle of said lake,
until it arrives at the water communication between that lake
and Lake Huron; thence aiong the middle of said water com-
munication into Lake Huron; thence through the middle ol said
lake to the water communication between that lake and Lake
Superior, northward to the Isles Royal and Philippeaux, to the
Long Lake; thence through the middle of the said Long Lake,
and the water communication between it and the Lake of the
Woods, to thesaid Lake of the Woods; thence through the said
lake to the most northwestern point thereof; and from thence, on
a due-west course, to the river Mississippi, until it shall inter-
sect the northernmost part of the thirty-first degree of noith lat-
itude. South by a line to be drawn due east from the determina-
tion of the line last mentioned, in the latitude of thirty-one de-
grees north of the equator, to the middle of the river Apalachi-
cola or Catahouche; thence along the middle thereof to injunc-
tion with the Flint river; thence straight to the head of St.
Mary's liver; and thence down along the middle of St. Mary's
river to the Atlantic ocean. East by a line to be drawn along
the middle of the river St. Croix, fiom its month, m the Bay of
Fundy, to its source; and from its source, directly north, to the
aforesaid highlands, which divide the rivers that fall into the At-
lantic ocean from those which fall into the river St. Lawrence*
comprehending all islands within twenty leagues oi any part of
theshoresof the United States, and lying between lines to be
drawn due east from the points where the afoiesaid boundaries
between Nova Scotia on the one part, and East Florida on the
other, shall respectively touch the Bay of Fundy and the
Atlantic ocean; excepting such islands as now are, or here-
tolore have been, within thelimitsof the said province of Nova
Scotia."
- Much of the line thus described running through
regions of country the geography of which was
very imperfectly known at that time, controversies
soon sprang up between the two Governments as to
the exact locality of various sections of the de-
scribed line; which controversies, though some of
them were adjusted from time to time, yef contin-
ued to exist in part until they were all terminated
by the negotiation of the present treaty.
A question arose in the beginning as to what
river was intended by the name St. Croix, consti-
tuting the commencement of the boundary line on
the Atlantic coast—there being three several rivers
which were known, or claimed by one or the other
party, to have been intended by the designation of
St. Croix. This controversy was settled by joint
commissioners appointed under the 5th article of
the treaty between the United States and-Great
Britain, concluded at London on the 19th of No-
vember, 1794, who fixed upon the Schodiac as the
true St. Croix of the treaty of 1783, and thus veri-
fied and established the line from the mouth of that
river to its source.
A question arose next as to the line beginning at
the source of the St. Croix, as above ascertained,
and from thence to where the boundary strikes the
river Iroquois. For the settlement of this, a con-
vention was concluded between the two Govern-
ments in 1803, referring to arbitration this among
other parts of the line, which received the unani-
mous assent of the Senate, with the exception of
its 5th article relating to the line between the Lake
of the Woods and the Mississippi; in consequence
of which, the convention failed to go into operation;
and this, with other questions, remained open, to be-
come one of the subjects of discussion at Ghent.
By the treaty concluded at Ghent on the 24th of
December, 1814, provision was at length made for
the adjustment of all the questions of boundary be-
tween the two Governments on the line, beginning
at the source of the St. Croix, and from thence to
the most northwestern point of the Lake of the
Woods.
This line was divided into three sections, which
were respectively referred to joint commissioners
to adjust; and, if they could not agree, then the
question in each case was to be submitted to the
arbitration of some friendly Sovereign or State.
1. Provision was made, under the 5th article, for
the section beginning at the source of the St. Croix
and ending at the river Iroquois.
2. Provision was made, under the 6th article, for
the section beginning at the latter point and ending
at the water communication between Lake Huron
and Lake Superior.
3. Provision was made, under the 7th article, for
the section beginning at the water communication
between Lake Huron and Lake Superior, and
thence to the western extremity of the Lake of the
Woods.
Meanwhile, the United States having, by the
treaty with the French Republic of the 30th of
April, 1803, acquired possession of Louisiana, it
became necessary to adjust the boundary line be-
tween the possessions of the two Governments west
of the Mississippi; in doing which, correction was
made for that part of the line of the treaty of Paris
between the most northwestern point of the Lake
of the Woods and the river Mississippi, which part
of the line had been erroneously described in that
treaty, under the false supposition that, if drawn
due west from the Lake of the Woods, it would
strike the Mississippi. These lines were in part
fixed by the stipulations of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, concluded at Lon-
don on the 20th of October, 1818, which provide
that, for the boundary from the most northwestern
point of the Lake of the Woods, a straight line
shall bedrawn to intersect at right angles the forty-
ninth parallel of latitude, proceeding thence to the
Stony Mountains; the adjustment of the respective
rights of the two Governments west of the Stonfc
Mountains being reserved for future negotiations.
Of the several sections of boundary intended to
be arranged under the provisions of the treaty of
Ghent, by commissioners or by arbitration, one part
only was in fact adjusted, viz: from where the
forty-fifth parallel of latitude intersects the Iroquois
to the foot of the Neebish rapids, between Lake
Huron and Lake Superior. Upon -the other parts
of the boundary—that is to say, on the one hand,
the long line from the source of the St. Croix to
the river Iroquois, constituting the northern bound-
ary of the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, and part of New York; and, on the other
hand, from a point between Lake Huron and
Lake Superior, to the northwestern extremity of
the Lake of the Woods, constituting, in part, the
boundary of the State of Michigan—the commis-
sioners did not agree.
In conformity with the stipulations oi the btn
article of the treaty of Ghent, the two Governments,
by the treaty of the 29th September, 1827, submitted
one of these two unadjusted lines to the arbitra
tion of the King of the Netherlands; whose award,
made in 1831, not having been accepted by the
United States, that portion of the boundary has con-
tinued to be in litigation between the two Govern-
ments, perpetually disturbing their harmony, and
subjecting them continually to the imminent dan-
ger of war. The treaty of Washington concludes
all the questions of boundary between Great Brit-
ain and the United States, which arose originally
upon the terms of the treaty of Paris, and for the
adjustment of which the provisions made by the
treaty of Ghent had, as yet, remained without full
effect.
It does not appear that, prior to the late negotia-
tions, any discussion occurred between the two
Governments in regard to the unadjusted North-
eastern boundary line—that, namely, from between
Lake Huron ana Lake Superior, tothe most north-
western point of the Lake of the Woods; which,
therefore, the less requires particular notice, it be-
ing sufficient to say that it is believed to have been,
settled in a manner honorable to the United States.
In regard to the controverted Northeastern
boundary line, the two Houses of Congress have
heretofore expressed their unanimous opinion in
conformity with the convictions of the people of
the United States at large, and in which I fully
concur: that, according to the true construction of
the terms of the treaty of Paris, the whole of the
disputed territory did not belong to the United
States.
At the same time, it is due in candor to both
Governments, to consider whether the position of
the controversy was such that the honor of the
United States required, and their interests admit-
ted, a resort to war as the only means of termina-
ting the controversy; or whether, on the other
hand, it might not be terminated honorably •with-
out war, and, if so, upon what terms and condi-
tions.
In the first place, it must be observed that the
successive admissions or acts of the United States,
in the different stages of the controversy, have
been such as to discountenance the idea of war
upon the mere point of title, unless by incidents
occurring in the controversy, or by the absence of
any other alternative that should be rendered ne-
cessary to vindicate the honor or maintain the in-
terest of the United States.
Mr. Jefferson, in whose Presidency the treaty of
1803 for the settlement of this question was nego-
tiated, expressed at that time the following opinion
upon the subject:
" A further knowledge of the ground in the northeastern and
northwestern angles of the United States has evinced that the
boundaries established by the treaty of Pans, between tha
British territories and ours in those partB, were too imperfectly
descnbed to be susceptible of execution. It has, therefore,
been thought worthy of attention, for preserving and cherish-
ing the harmony and useful intercourse subsisting between tha
two nations, to remove, by timely arrangements, what unfa,
vorable incidents might otherwise render a ground of futur*
misunderstanding. A convention has, therefore, been entered
into, which provides for a practicable demarcation of thoaa
limits to the satisfaction of both parties."
Mr, Madison, the then Secretary of State, not
only entertained the same views, but also on that
account recommended the adoption of a new con-
ventional line, as follows:
"In fixing," said he, " the point at which the line is to ter
minate, and which is referred to as the northwest angle o
Nova Scotia, the difficulty arises from a reference of the treaty
of 1783 to 'the highlands,' which it is now found have no defi-
nite existence. To remove this difficulty, no better expedient
occurs than to provide for the appointment of a third commis-
sioner, as m article 5 of the treaty of 1794; and to authorize
the three to determine on a point to be substituted for the de-
scription in the second article of the treaty of 1783, having dua
regard to the general idea that the line ought to terminate on
the elevated ground dividing the rivers falling into the Atlantic
from those emptying themselves into the St. Lawrence Th«
commissioners may also be authorized to substitute for the de-
scription of the boundary between the point so fixed and the
northwesternmost head of the Connecticut river, namely, a.
line 'along the said highlands;' such a reference to intermedi-
ate sources of rivers, or other ascertained or ascertainable
points, to be connected by straight lines, as will admit of easy
and accurate execution hereafter, ar.d as will best comport with
the apparent intention of the treaty of 1783."
Mr. Monroe and Mr. Adams, each either in the
Cabinet or in the Presidency, sanctioned an ori-
ginal act of arbitration in preference to war.
General Jackson was in favor of acceding to the
award of the King of the Netherlands; and after-
wards authorized a proposition of construction,
which was equivalent to a new conventional line,
and also a proposition of mutual arrangement by
equivalents.
Mr. Van Buren had entered into negotiations
with Great Britain for settling the question by re-
currence to a second arbitration, which negotia-
tions were pending when the present Administra-
tion came into power. Upon which there re-
mained for the Government of the United States
