Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21§
gfta CON<$.""SD SESS,
The British Treaty—Mr. Cushing.
H. of Reps.
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty one.
ABERDEEN, [l. s
KOLLER, l. s.
STE. AULAIRE, [l. S.
SCHLEINITZ, 't,. s.'
BRUNOW, [l. S.;
ANNEX A,
To the treaty between Great Britain, Austria,
Prance, Prussia, and Russia, for the suppression
of the African slave-trade, signed at London ike
20th December, 1841.
Form 1. Warrants in virtue of which a cruiser
of one of the high contracting parties to this treaty
may visit and detain a merchant vessel belonging
to; or bearing the flag of, another of the high con-
tracting parties, and suspected of being engaged in
the slave-trade, or of being fitted out tor that
traffic:
Whereas, by a treaty concluded between Great
Britain, Austria, Prance, Prussia, and Russia,
signed at London on the 20th of December, 1841,
for the total suppression of the African slave-trade,
it was stipulated that certain cruisers belonging to
the said countries, respectively, should be instructed
to visit and detain, within particular limits, merchant
vessels of the othtr contracting parties engaged in
the traffic in slaves, or suspected of being fitted out
for that traffic; and whereas the Government
of- has thought fit that the vessel you
command shall be one of the  cruisers fur-
nished with said special instructions, you will ac-
cordingly receive instructions from the said Gov-
ernment for your guidance on the said service:
you ar^ therefore, authorized, by virtue of these
instructions, and of the present warrant, to visit
merchant vessels under the  flag, suspected
of being engaged in the traffic in slaves, within the
limits set forth in the second article of the said
.treaty, and to deal with such vessels as shall have
engaged in the slave-trade, or shall be suspected of
being fitted out for that traffic, as pointed out in
the said treaty, and in the instructions thereunto
annexed.
Given under our hands and the seal of the — ,
office of , the of ,
To the commander of the .
Form 2. Orders for the guidance of the com-
mander of the cruiser of one of the high contract-
ing parties in visiting and detaining a merchant
vessel belonging to, or bearing the flag of, another
of the high contracting parties:
Whereas, by a treaty concluded between Great
Britain, Austria, France, Prussia, and Russia,
Signed at London on the twentieth of December,
1841, for the total suppression of the African slave-
trade, it was stipulated that certain cruisers belong-
ing to the said countries, respectively, shall be au-
thorized, under special instructions therein men-
tioned, to visit and detain, within particular limits,
merchant vessels of the other contracting parties
engaged in the slave-trade, or suspected of being
fitted out for that traffic: and whereas we think fit
that the vessel you command shall be one of the
 cruisers furnished with the said special in-
structions, we herewith transmit to you a copy of
the said treaty of the 20th of December, and of the
instructions thereunto annexed, hereinbefore men-
tioned; and you are accordingly authorized, by virtue
ofthispresent order, and of the accompanying war-
rantfromthe Government of , to visit, with-
in the limits set forth in the second article of the said
treaty, merchant vessels under the flag sus-
pected of being engaged in the slave-trade, and to
deal with such vessels as shall have been engaged
in that traffic in the manner pointed out m said
treaty, warrant, and instructions; and we charge
and require you to conform most strictly to all the
provision^ and stipulations contained therein, ta-
king care to exercise the authority so conferred
upon you in the mildest manner, and with every
attention which is due between allied and friendly
nations, and to co-operate cordially with the com-
manders of any vessels of war employed in
the same service.
Given under our hands and the seal of the ,
office of , the day of .
To the commander of the .
These forms of warrants and orders shall be
annexed to the treaty signed this day between
Great Britain, Austria, Prance, Prussia, and Rus-
sia, for the suppression of the African slave-trade,
and shall be considered as an integral part of that
treaty.
In witness whereof, the plenipotentiaries of the
high contracting parties have signed this annex,
and have thereunto affixed the seal of their arms.
Done at London, the twentieth day of December,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-one.
ABERDEEN, [l. s.l
KOLLER, [b. s."
STE. AULAIRE, [l. s.
SCHLEINITZ, [l. s,
BRUNOW, [l. s.]
ANNEX B,
To the treaty between Oieat Britain, Austria,
France, Prussia, and Russia, for the suppression
of the African slave-trade, signed at London, the
20Ih December, 1841.
Instructions to Cruiseks.
First. Whenever a merchant vessel belonging to,
or bearing the flag of, any one of the high contract-
ing parties, shall be visited by a cruiser of any
one of the other high contracting parties, the offi-
cer commanding the cruiser shall, before he pro-
ceeds to the visit, exhibit to the master of such ves-
sel the special orders which confer upon him by
exception the right to visit her; and he shall de-
liver to such master a certificate, signed by him-
self, specifying his rank in the navy of his coun-
try, and the name of the ship which he commands,
and declaring that the only object of his visit is to
ascertain whether the vessel is engaged in the
slave-trade, or is fitted out for the purpose of such
traffic, or has been engaged in that traffic during
the voyage in which she has been met with by the
said cruiser. When the visit is made by an officer
of the cruiser other than the commander, such offi-
cer shall not be under the rank of lieutenant in the
navy—unless he be the officer who, at the time, is
second in command of the ship by which the visit
is made; and in this case such officer shall exhibit
to the master of the merchant vessel a copy of the
special orders above mentioned, signed by the com-
mander of the cruiser; and shall likewise deliver
to such master a certificate, signed by himself, spe-
cifying the rank which he holds in the navy of his
country, the name of the commander under whose
orders he is acting, the name of the cruiser to
which he belongs, and the object of his visit, as
hereinbefore recited.
If it shall be ascertained by the visit that the
ship's papers are regular, and her proceedings law-
ful, the officer shall certify upon the log-book of the
vessel that the visit tool? place in virtue of the
special orders above mentioned; and when these
formalities shall have been completed, the vessel
shall be permitted to continue her course.^
Secondly. If, in consequence of the visit, the offi-
cer commanding the cruiser shall be of opinion that
there are sufficient grounds for believing that the
vessel is engaged in the slave-trade, or has been
fitted out for that traffic, or has been engaged in
that traffic during the voyage .in which she is met
by the cruiser; and if he shall, in consequence,
determine to detain her, and to have her delivered
up to the jurisdiction of the competent authorities,
he shall forthwith cause a list to be made out, in
duplicate, of all the papers found on board; and he
shall sign this list and the duplicate, adding, after
his own name, bis rank in the navy, and the name
of the vessel under his command.
He shall in like manner make out and sign, in
duplicate, adeclaiation stating the place and time
of the detention, the name of the vessel, and that of
her master, the names of the persons composing
her crew, and the number and condition of the
slaves found on board.
This declaration shall further contain an ex-
act description of the state ot the vessel and her
cargo.
Thirdly. The commander of the cruiser snail,
without delay, carry or send the detained vessel,
with her master, crew, passengers, cargo, and the
slaves found on board, to one of the ports hereinaf-
ter specified, in order that proceedings may be in-
stituted m regard to them, conformably to the laws
of the country under whose flag the vessel is sail-
ing; and he shall deliver the same to the competent
authorities, or to the persons who shall have been
specifically appointed for that purpose by the Gov-
ernment to whom such port shall belong.
Fourthly. No person whatever shall be taken out
of the detained vessel; nor shall any part of her
cargo, nor any of the slaves found on board be re-
moved from her, until after such vessel shall have
been delivered over to the authorities of her own
nation; unless the removal of the whole or part of
the crew, or of the slaves found on board, shall be
deemed necessary, either for the preservation of
their lives, or from any other consideration of hu-
manity, or for the safety of the persons who shall
be charged with the navigation of the vessel, after
her detention. In any such case, the commander
of the cruiser, or the officer appointed to bring in.
the detained vessel, shall make a declaration of
such removal, in which he shall specify the reasons
for the same; and the masters, sailors, passengers,
or slaves, so removed, shall be carried to the s&me
port as the vessel and her cargo, and they shall
be received in the same manner as the vessel, agree-
ably to the regulations hereinafter set forth.
Provided, always, that nothing in this para-
graph shall be understood as applying to slaves
found on board of Austrian, Prussian, or Russian,
vessels; but such slaves shall be disposed of as is
specified in the following paragraphs:
Fifthly. All Austrian vessels which shall be de-
tained on the stations of America or Africa by the
cruisers of the other contracting parties, shall be
carried and delivered up to the Austrian jurisdic-
tion at Trieste,
But, if slaves shall be found on board any such
Austrian vessel at the time of the detention, the
vessel shall, in the first instance, be sent to deposite
the slaves at that port to which she would have
been taken for adjudication, if she had been sailing
under the English or French flag. The vessel
shall afterwards be sent on, and shall be delivered
up to the Austrian jurisdiction at Trieste, as abov*e
stipulated. j
All French vessels which shall be detained on
the eastern coast of Africa by the cruisers of the
other contracting parties shall be carried and de-
livered up to the French jurisdiction at Goree.
All French vessels which shall be detained oil
the coast of America to the southward of the 10th
degree of north latitude by the cruisers of the other
contracting parties shall be carried and delivered
up to the French jurisdiction at Cayenne.
All French vessels which shall be detained in
the West Indies, or on the coast of America to the
northward of the 10th degree of north latitude, by
the cruisers of the other contracting parties, shall
be carried and delivered up to the French jurisdic-
tion at Martinique.
All British vessels which shall be detained on
the western coast of Africa by the cruisers of the
other contracting parties, shall be carried and de-
livered up to the British jurisdiction at Bathurst,
on the river Gambia.
All British vessels which shall be detained on
the eastern coast of Africa by the cruisers of the
other contracting parties, shall be carried and de-
livered up to the British jurisdiction at the Cape
of Good Hope.
All British vessels which shall be detained on
the coast of America by the cruisers of the other
contracting parties, shall be carried and delivered
up to the British jurisdiction at the colony of
Demarara, or at Port Royal, in Jamaica, according
as the commander of the cruiser may think most
convenient.
All British vessels which shall be detained in the
West Indies by the cruisers of the other contracting
parties, shall be carried and delivered up to the
British jurisdiction at Port Royal, in Jamaica.
All Prussian vessels which shall be detained on
the stations of America or Africa by the cruisers
of the other contracting parties, shall be carried
and delivered up to the Prussian jurisdiction at
Stettin.
But if slaves shall be found on board any such
Prussian vessel at the time of her detention, the
vessel shall, in the first instance, be sent to de-
posite the slaves at that port to which she would
have been taken for adjudication if she had been
sailing under the English or French flag. The
vessel shall afterwards be sent on, and shall be de-
livered up to the Prussian jurisdiction at Stettin,
as above stipulated.
All Russian vessels which shall be detained on
the stations of Africa or America by the cruisers
of the other contracting parties, shall be carried and
delivered up to the Russian jurisdiction at Cron-
stadt, or at Reval, according as the season of the
year may allow the one or the other of those ports
to be reached.
But if slaves shall be found on board any such
Russian vessel at the time of her detention, the
vessel shall, in the first instance, be sent to depos.
ite the slaves at that port to which she would have
