Wtp Cong. .....3d Sess.
Aj^TOfPI^ m fjjl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Fine on General Jackson-r-Mr. Smith. .
Senate.
sjjp'tjld unite his strength with the enemy, and op-
the citizens, is any one bold enough to claim
citizens would be liable to any one for an
ejretcMe, of their patriotism'!
Now, I would ask whether these cases differ in
pmcjple from that of Judge Hall with Gen. Jack-
SMif, If they do, I am not able to perceive the
OT^eftce. The great crime in his defence of
Orleans, with which you charge him, is, that
h^ trampled upon our sacred Constitution. But, I
w^ttid ask, what is our Constitution worth, when
ou; couotry is gone1? And what was the defence
afjSew Orleans, but a struggle for our country)
V$ji,en. our country was secure from the enemy,
wi%"tlie patriot Jackson the man to trample down
a4<stdisreg?ird that instrument which every patriot
regards, as'holy and sacred"! But, while our coun-
trpwas in danger, and nothing but pure and un-
ajloved patriotism, with the bravery of a Jackson,
cBfjld s^ve'it, Judge Hall, a foreigner by birth and
iit sefltitoent, was ready and willing to sacrifice his
copjitry to save the Constitution. What astonish-
ing patriotism he exhibited! The nation duly appre-
ciated it. But, Mr. President, if I may be permitted
toVdrlress nrcself to a party, I will ask our political
offl)Qhept« whether they have, on other occasions,
dreaded as much an mfraciion of that sacred in-
strument, the Constitution"! Let me call their at-
tention, to the alien and sedition laws. All axe
ready to admit, now, that those laws were un constitu-
titftjal; and no candid man will deny that they
wer.e used for the basest purposes while in the
b&irdsof the Federalists. The free and unoffend-
ing citizens were seized and forced into loathsome
pr^sofis, and there incarcerated (many of them)until
an indignant people hurled them from power, and
urilpelre4#the prison doors, and set at liberty the
victijns of an austere and revengeful party. For
other, violations of that sacred instrument, more
fresh in our minds, let me refer you to the late ap-
portionment law, and the remedial justice bill:
both, of which are too clearly unconstitutional lor
any sane man to doubt. Several others of the same
character I might refer you to; but I trust I have
not been unsuccessful in presenting cases enough
to satisfy the mind of any man that your holy re-
gard for the Constitution is seldom awakened
when patriotic exertions are most needed. I
should not omit to notice a bank of the United
States, which you have chased under that vagi ant
power, so happily described by your leader in his
more palmy days, until you have literally worn
yourselves out.
But to return, Mr. President, to the law paramount
to all others, either political, civil, or international—
the law of self-preservation I refer to. Let me re-
mark here, th^t it is not alone applicable to indi-
viduals, and to private property; but it is applicable
to bodies of men, and to nations and national prop-
erty. We ourselves, as an independent and sov-
reign nation, have enforced it upon other nations
with which we were at peace. I allude to our
descent upon the Spanish territory, and dislodging
some marauders and outcasts who had taken up
their abode there, and made sallies upon our inhab-
itants, and robbed and murdered them, and then
retreated back into the Spanish territory for safety.
The Spanish Government was too feeble to restrain
these outlaws; and, to preserve ourselves from their
depredations, we took the law of self-preservation—
that which General Jackson exercised at New
Orleans—into our own hands; and,sofaras I know,
the whole world acquiseced in it, and justified the
act.
The British sheltered themselves under the same
principle, when they seized the ships at Copen-
hagen, and appropriated them to their own use.
No independent nation or individual, to my know-
ledge, denied the correctness of the principle at
that time. "Whether the circumstances were such
as to warrant the act, there might well be doubts.
The British claimed that these ships were going
into the service of another nation at war with them;
. and therefore, to preserve themselves from destruc-
tion, they were justified in taking the ships of a
friendly nation, because it was not able to pre-
vent their use against the Biitish. And do we not
see men hung under this same law of self-preserva-
tion, by force of physical power, without the sem-
blance of trial, and without even a pretence that
the apt was authorized by any other law than that
of self-preservation1! But let me call the attention
of the Senate to a recent act of the British, under
this sam.e law of self-preservation; and the act is
one which, I presume, is indelibly impressed upon
the mind of every American patriot. I have ref-
erence to the brutal conduct of the British at
Schlosser, near Buffalo, in the State of New York,
in 1837. They claimed that we were not able, or
would not, restrain our citizens from entering their
provinces, and exciting iheir subjects to rebellion;
and, coik-equen iy, they had a right to enter our
territory while we were at peace with them, and
exterminate our citizens by fire and sword. Every
one "knows that the principle of self-preservation
could not be applied to that case; and that it was
a flagrant violation of our territory, and an insult
to our nation. But the British had the impudence
to claim that it was under the law of self-preserva-
tion that they inflicted the wound upon us. And
did we suffer our national escutcheon to be stained
by the nefaiious act"! Let the facts answer. We
have, to the grief and mortification of every citizen
of the Union, who has an American heart, per-
mitted them to go off under that pretence, without
even a murmur on our part. Tlie eye of the
American nation is turned with scorn upon the
negotiations upon this subject; they will be long
remembered, and as long despised. But our dis-
grace does not end here, Mr. President.
We have, on the insolent demand of the British,
passed a law violative of every principle known
to civilized nations, and of our Constitution; in
effect, authorizingthemto repeat the acts with im-
punity. This law takes away the criminal juris-
diction of the States, whose land is crimsoned with
the blood of their inoffensive citizens, by the liand
of ruthless vagabonds, and leaves the people of a
sovereign State without the least remedy for mur-
der, robbery, arson, and burglary, and other in-
famous crimes, if committed by a British subject
in the employ of his sovereign—no matter what
that employment is, whether of a civil or military
character." And suppose we had the power and
right to pass such a law: what have we got from
the British in return for it"! Nothing but national
disgrace.
But, let me ask, why are you so anxious to sustain
the civil power at New Orleans, even at the risk of
the loss of our country; while you are so extremely
anxious to destroy it at the North, as to pass a
palpably unconstitutional law to further your
views'? Your inconsistencies are tobe reconciled only
by one supposition—and that is, that your strong-
est desire was to place yourselves by the side of the
enemies of our country, and in harmony with them.
I believe every true American will come to this
conclusion, on comparing your conduct on both
occasions.
General Jackson at New Orleans only defended
his country against the public enemy Did he need
a general's commission to aulhorize him to do this'!
1 hardly think any one will answer this question in
the affilmative. If he had, without any commis-
sion, but as a private citizen, made the same de-
fence tRat he did with the commission of a major
general at New Orleans, I desire to know who is
to call him to an account for it, or punish him for
if!
No one will doubt, if a citizen hasa right to de-
fend himself, or his neighbor, against the attack of
another citizen of tl;e United States, that he would
have a right to defend himself, or his neighbor,
against a public enemy. There is a great dis-
tinction between the defence of one when at-
tacked by a citizen, and by a public enemy. In
regard to the latter, any citizen may attack and
destroy him without being first attacked. In
the former, he has only a right to repel an
attack made upon him without right. What pow-
er could Judge Hall have exerted to punish a pub-
lic enemy at New Orleans, other than that exer-
cised by General Jackson—physical power1! If
every soldier had been captured and delivered
over to Judge Hall, bound hand and foot—even if
he had killed our citizens—Judse Hall could not
have punished them; they would be treated as
prisoners of war. Why, then, vield to him the
physical power, and lay it at his feet, when the
enemy were at your doors, and he refused to ex-
ercise it, and could not the civil power"? If his
patriotism had been as pure as General Jackson's,
lie would have exorcised the same power that
Genera! Jackson did to expel a ferocious and vin-
dictive enemv.
Situated as General Jackson was, with raw and
undisciplined troop--—not much above one-third in
number as many as the enemy had of what they
called invincibles—could he be justified in doing
less than he did"? The enemy had for their motto
"beauty and booty." What could have been more ex-
citing and animating to a licentious soldiery"! No
one claims that he did more than his duty in any par-
ticular, except it was to subject Judge Hall and
his associates to his control while he was defend-
ing the place. And may we not reasonably con-
clude, if the Jud e had not patriotism enough
either to help to defend himself, or suffer the Gen-
eral to carry out his plans unmolested in making
ihe defence at that critical moment, that he had
none too much to give aid to the enemy—indirect-
ly, if not directly"! I think we may; and so I think,
a large majority of the people of this county be-
lieve.
To defend the city of New Orleans, it became
necessary to establish a cordon of posts around it,
and to guard effectually every passage and avenue
to the city. The city must necessarily become a
paitof the General's camp. How easy would it
have been for the enemy to communicate with dis-
affected citizens in the midst of his camp, if he
could not have the entire control of all the ground
within his posts) Wilh all the power the General
had exercised, and with all the guards he had
placed round the city, it was well known that
there was a constant communication between
the enemy and the city. A quartermaster in
the British army (Peddie) boasted that he
had every day from the city, from seven or
eight persons, all the information he wanted
in relation to our movements. Every true
American in New Orleans could be trusted; but a
large portion of the people were mere adventurers
from various nations, without any attachment to
our country; and most of them were hostile to our
Government and our institutions, and mere despera-
does ready and willing, and waiting only for an
opportunity, to unite with our enemies. One
whole village but a short distance on the bank of
Ihc river from New,Orleans, was composed of
Spanish and Portuguse, who aided and assisted
the British in disembarking their troops, and acted
as spies upon us, and as pilots to the British.
They were known as banditti. General Jack-
son was informed, before he reached Louis-
iana, by the highest and most reliable authority,
that it was filled with spies and traitors.
The Governor of the State informed him that
there was a great spirit of dissatisfaction with
many, and great despondency with the patriotic
portion of the population.
It was well known that every desperate band of
outlaws in the vicinity were leagued with the enemy,
and were ready to share with them in the pillage
and plunder of the city.
The subject of martial law, before it was de-
clared, was fully discussed in the presence of
Judge Hall, who apparently approved it. The
Governor, and many other functionaries, and all
patriots, advised its adoption.
And no reasonable man, I think, will doubt that
it was absolutely necessary to save the city from
the sackage of a licentious soldiery, and of their
motto being ful'y verified. But we have only to
advert to one act of Judge Hall's, to know that he
acquiesced in the necessity of the measure, or that
lie was a traitor to his comitry.
In making preparation for the defence, Judge
Hall assumed the power to open the prison doors,
and to let out all the criminals to assist either the
enemv or the friends of our country; and many
pirates then in prison, among others, were dis-
charged, and let loose, and went at large among
the citizens. If this was for the purpose of aiding
the defence, it is conclusive evidence that he
thought all that General Jackson did was necessary :
and much more, because his own act was a much
greater violation of duty than any that was im-
puted to General Jackson—unless it was absolutely
necessary for self preservation, and then neither
was a violation of duty.
Which would inflict the deepest wound upon the
civil power of our country—for a general, while
defending his country against invasion by a public
enemy, to arrest a judge of the court, when he sup-
posed he was (at least indirectly) co-operating with
ihe'enemy; or for a judge to open the prison doors,
and let loose all the criminals, including many pi-
rates, whos.e lives were forfeited to an injured
country, to "again commit piracy, and other crimes
little inferior in degree of enormity"! I leave it to
every candid mind for decision. That the civil
power was adequate to the defence of New Orleans,
no one will pretend. What, then, was left to de-
fend it but the military"! None. No candid maBj
