ARP1NB1X TO TBE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBg:
fleb. 184&
27'TH CONS' — SD Skss.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Cfidale.
Senate.
question. It stands, in the first place, on totally dif-
ferent grounds from the question of the Northeast-
ern boundary. To that, England and this Govern-
ment were clearly the only parties. That each
ojitrned, exclusively of all the world, up to the true
l^ne, was certain. Where that line was, depended
upon nothing but the meaning of a contract written
by the parties themselves. But in the Oregon
question, the nations ofthewhole world have color
of interest. England claims for them all. Except-
ing Prance, Spam, and Russia, she insists that they
all must be parties to that great bill in chancery,
by which this controversy of empire shall be finally
composed, But, besides this, the controversy it-
self turns on matter altogether its own. It in-
volves the loftiest and most shadowy speculations
of international law. It lies among the very apices
juris—the Alpine heights—the transcendentalities of
ih'at department of thought. Discovery as a ground
of title; its nature, and limitations, and extent;with
which party is the fact of first discovery; what
occupation must follow to ripen and define it; the
effect ot interior contiguous possession; the meaning
of the old English charters, the JNootka Sound con-
vention, and what not;—these are the Oregon topics,
and happy is the negotiator who shall weigh them
out, and equalize and settle them without, like the
Gaul, putting his sword into the scale !
The other circumstance which has always held
the Oregon question in a state of partial insulation,
applied with peculiar force to the time when this
treaty was made. The Northeastern boundary
line required immediate adjustment; the title to
Oregon might rest to be tried m its order on the
docket. Here, in the Northeastern and in the North
was a line running 3,000 miles, between populous
Stat.es and populous Provinces. It was for hun-
dreds of miles an unsettled line. Excited and nu-
merous communities of two different nations were
fiercely disputing where it was. Men stood fa-
cing each other with guns on their shoulders, sepa-
rated by fordable rivers thirty yards wide. The
dischargeof one single musket would have brought
on a war, whose fires would have encircled the
world. Did not the exigent circumstances of the
hour—did not the ancient and uniform policy of
the Government require that this controversy
should be settled at once, leaving the distant desert
for a space to take care of itself!
I was hurt, therefore, sir, to hear it intimated
that a Northern negotiator had neglected and ex-
cluded the Oregon, because it was a Western ques-
tion. You see why it was neglected, and why it
w.as excluded; and you see that it was a wise diplo-
macy, wheresoever its author was rocked in his
cradle. But how long is it, sir, that this has been
a Western question, I "should like to know1? Is it
any more a Western question than the China mis-
sion, or the Sandwich Island mission is a Western
quesdon'! Did not the East discover the terri-
tory and its great river'! Do you not found your
title upon the log-book of Captain Gray's good ship
Columbia, of Boston'! Was it not a Massachusetts
man (Captain Wyeth) who first attempted to open
a direct trade to it by sea"! Was not Astoria set-
tled from the East1? Have you not upon your table
more memorials from New York and .Boston than
from all the Union beside, soliciting your atten-
tion to this interest! Will not the Nantucket and
New Bedford whalemen go there to rest, among his
own countrymen and kindred, tired out with the
chase of his gigantic game'! Will ii not be the uni-
versal Yankee nation by whom thatgrcat valley of
the tranquil sea shall be filled"! and will they not,
one and all, as the day of annual thanksgiving
comes round, pause to trace their line with tears of
gratitude and pride to the Plymouth Rock'! Sir,
it is no Western question.
But, sir, the honorable Senator discerns a great
deal of mischief in settling part of our differences
with England at a time, leaving others open. He
perceives it to be a master-stroke of hers, and a
capital blunder of yours, to determine theboundary
line of the Northern States and the free States,
without adjusting the questions which pertain
mote immediately and exclusively to the West and
South.
Sir, I am not sure that I comprehend the point of
his complaint.
Did not President Jael-son vehemently desire to
settle this question of Northeastern boundary by
itself"? Did he not offer to Maine more than a mil-
lion of dollars to settle it by itself, according to the
King of the Netherlands' award"! Sir, we all know
that he did. He, whose well-appreciated qualitie?
and services, and well-earned "fame, enabled him
to despise the vulgar clamor about the fear of Eng-
land,—he, and all thepublic men who formed and
stood round his Administration, (including, as I had
supposed, the honorable Senator himself,) thought
it clear gain—a measure of undoubted expediency,
as lar as it went, to settle one great question at a
lime. Why, he would have thought it about as ab-
surd to keep all open, because all could not be ad-
justed instantly and together, as to refuse, if such
an offer could be supposed to be made to man, to
have any one of the great diseases by which the
human race is wasted away, extirpated, until all
diseases could be extirpated—holding on to small-
pox till you know how cholera and yellow fever are
U) be disposed of!
And pray, sir, what advantage does England
gain over us by the adjustment of this portion of
your differences with her"! The honorable Sena-
tor argues that she is preparing for war with you.
She is preparing for immediate war. Released
from China and from Affghanistan, she is in the
very act of lifting her blood-red hand against your
life. The beard is grown already, he thinks, on
the chin of the hero who is to turn back the dark
tide of that war upon her own coast, and conquer
Oregon in the streets of London.
Well, sir, if England is going to war with you
so soon, what good is this settlement of the North-
eastern line to do her"! I have heard of Govern-
ments which, meditating a war with one nation,
prepared for it by adjusting their differences with
other nations; thus securing their friendship or
their neutrality. But does England expect to get,
by a treaty of peace made this year, a war next
year, with one half only ol the people and States of
this Union'? Does she suppose she has given the
East, and the great central mass, so satisfactory a
boundary line, thatthey will lie down behindit, and
leave the South and West to fight her alone! Do
you not know that if one drop of blood is shed on
the Columbia river, or one regiment (black or
while) landed in Mississippi, this line would be on
fire—one long chain of fire—instantaneously, from
the St. Croix to the Rocky Mountains'! Would
this treaty hinder Maine, New Hampshire, Ver-
mont, New York, Michigan, from walking over
it, without knowing or caring where it is1? Would
this treaty, or any treaty, or anything, keep the
commercial East out of your Southern and West-
err, war! Why, sir, all war—all war of America
with England—is a war directly and chiefly on the
Eastern Atlantic States. Necessity, interest, not
less than patriotism, compel them into participation
in it. Every merchant ship, every fishing craft
that is driven from the sea, sends a gallant crew to
the gun deck, and ensures other laurels to the brows
of other Decaturs, and Hulls, and Perrys. So it
was in the last w#r. Hunted from the Grand
Banks, the fishermen of Marblehead rallied to the
radiant flag of the Constitution; and, in half an
hour, broke forever the spell of English invincibil-
ity on the sea. Such men are not long in learning
their new profession. I was told this story by a dis-
tinguished officer in the navy—the first lieutenant
of that frigate at the time when she captured the
Guerriere: Daring the action, the officer in com-
mand of one of the divisions observed that the firing
of his guns had ceased for a short time, and in-
quired of a sailor the reason. "Sir, (said he,) there
is so much smoke, we cannot see; and we are wait-
ing for it to clear up. It is a pity to throw away
our shot." This from a fine young fellow of twen-
ty, or thereabouts, who had never seen fire before in
his life!
No, Mr. President1 while I could wish, un-
doubtedly, that this treaty had settled everything, I
deny that it composes the slightest objection to it,
of a positive nature, that it does not settle every-
thing. What is done is altogether good. What is
done is not the worse for what is not done. The
chances of the continuance ot peace are heighten-
ed. The hazards of war are diminished. The
entire mass and aggregate of our relations with
England is disembarrassed, and, if I may so say,
dulcified. What is done makes it easier to do all
the rest. It sweetens the temper of the parties: it
purifies the vision: it calms the passions; it con-
firms the purpose of the wise and good of both na-
tions to be forever at peace with one another, and
to put away forever all war from the kindred races
—war, the most ridiculous of blunders, the most
tiemendous of crimes, the most comprehensive of
evils.
The honorable Senator next assails the treaty
for what he calls its sins of commission. Hating,
it all with hate unappeasable, lie chiefly bestows,
his indignation on two great concessions whidbii^
says it makes to England. The first gives, away a
strip of mountain territory, some eight or tfen miles
wide, and one hundred and ten miles long, on .'the
American side of the King of the NetherlandH'
line. The other changes an important portion 'of
the boundary line west of-Lake Superior, and be-
tween that lake and the Rainy lake; removesdt'far
south of its ttue and ancient course; gives to Eag 
land the old, customary, and best route fromXiake
Superior to wan s the Northwest, together withifiye
hundred thousand acres of rock and water, called
Hunter's island, and admits her travelling traders
to a common use of all the portages upon the new
line of boundary actually established. Thesecon-
cessions (so he calls them) he assails vehemently
and bitterly. Part of them he has assailed before;
all of them he declares his purpose to assail again.
He only regrets, he tells us, that this session is. too
short for what he has to say; but consoles himself
with the hope that the forty, speeches which he
means to make upon the subject at the next session
may convey to the country some faint and dim im-
pression of its inexpressible importance and enor-
mities.
Mr. President, it is not my purpose to engage in
a general examination and defence of" this 'treaty.
Regularly, the subject is not before us. Bills tbfere
are, here or in the other House, making appropri-
ations to execute it, on which it must be debated.
I would rather reserve myself to that occasion. Be-
sides, sir, why should I, or why should any one,
assume the defence of a treaty, here in this body,
which but just now, on the amplest consideration,
in the confidence and calmness of executive ses-
sion, was approved by a vote so decisive"! Sir, the
country, by a vote far more decisive, in a proportion
very far beyond thirty-nine to nine, has approved
your approval. Some there are—some few, (I
speak not now of any member ot this Senate,)
restless, selfish, reckless, "the cankers of a calm
world and a long peace," pining with thirst of no-
toriety, slaves to their hatred of England—to whom
the treaty is distasteful; to whom any treaty, and
all things but the glare and clamor, the vain pomp
and hollow circumstance, the toil, and agony, and
inadequate results, of war—all but these, would be
distasteful and dreary. But the country is with
you in this act of wisdom and glory : its intelli-
gence, its morality, its labor—its good men, its cool
men, the thoughtful, the philanthropic, the discreet,
the masses—the farmer in his field, the mechanic
in his shop, the merchant in his counting-room, the
fisherman on the deck of his night-foundered skiff,
—are all with you. •
It would be quite superfluous, therefore, here or
anywhere, to defend an act on which the public
judgment of approval has been pronounced with a
voice so decisive. Let me, however, sir, before
attending to the particular objections of the hon-
orable Senator, submit a view or two of the gen-
eral charactcr and merits of the treaty as a treaty
of boundary.
Consider first, sir, that, by concession of every-
body, it is a better treaty than the administration of
President Jackson would have most eagerly con-
cluded. You all know, and the country knows,
that that eminent person, and -his constitutional and
unconstitutional advisers, (if such he had,) without
exception, desired to adopt the line settled by the
award of the King of Holland. Yes, sir, although
that award pretended to adjust nothing but the ex-
treme and mere Northeastern question—although
it touched no part of the line west of Lake Cham-
plain—although it gave away one hundred thou-
sand acres of New Hampshire, left to Canada a
strip of fifty-seven thousand acres which this treaty
secures to Vermont and New York, and admitted
you to no rights of navigation in the St. John—he
and they preferred such a settlement to none; and
there were offered to Maine alone a million and a
quarter acres of land, estimated to be worth more
than a million of dollars, to procure her assent
to it.
Well, sir, the treaty of Washington makes a
better settlement than that." Such is the judgment
of Maine herself. Although she receives from,
the General Government, under the treaty, nearly
a million of dollars less than she might have had
for assenting to the award, her sagacity prefers the
treaty to the award. She had the offer of the ad-
justment proposed by the award, during the pen-
dency of the negotiation in this city last summer;
