Feb. 1843.
27th Cong 3d Sbss.
and she promptly rejected it. A friend has this mo-
ment referred me to the report just made by her
•commissioners to her Legislature, from which I
read a passage:
"Secondly. We were given to understand thai
it was not yet loo late to adopt, ratify, and confirm
the line recommended by the arbiter, and settle the
controversy in that way. In reference to sucli a
proposition, we suggested on our part that if the
limited right to the navigation of the St. John could
be conceded as an equivalent, we might bring our-
selves, perhaps, to assent to it—particularly if wo
could mutual y agree upon a modification of that
line. But every suggestion on our part, as to mod-
ifying and narrowing the bounds, and as to equiv-
alents, was met by a prompt and decided negative
If we acceded to that line, it could only be on the
basis of the award, simply and purely, and with-
out any equivalent. Would, then, the commis-
sioners of Maine be justified by their fellow-citi-
zens in assenting, in behalf of the Sta'e, at this
late day, to a ratification of the award of the Kin 
of the Netherlands'! More than ten years ago, the
Legislature of Maine repeatedly and solemnly
protested against the ratification of that award.
It even refused to trust in the hands of the Presi-
dent and Senate of the United States the discre-
tionary power of ratifying it, although, in ease of
its eventual ratification, Maine would have realized
as an indemnity, more than two millions of dol-
lars, and avoided all the expense and border
troubles to which the controversy has since given
occasion. The views of the Legislature, so re-
peatedly expressed, weie opposed to any assent on
the part of its agents. The spirit of the resolves
under which we derived our authority was op-
posed to it Considering the course which the
Legislature and Executive of Maine have pur-
sued in regard to this matter, the acceptance of
such a proposition was out of the question. To
have acceded to it, would have been, m our opin-
ion, to disregard the interest of the State and
to trifle with its character and honor."
Sir, the judgment of Maine on the comparative
merits of these two arrangements is conclusive.
It is the opinion of the party having immeasura-
bly the deepest interest in the matter, and the best
means of understanding it.
For years, the whole public mind of the State
has been directed to the subject. If the navigation
of the St. John is worth anything, or worth noth-
ing, she knows it. If she needs this strip of moun-
tain land, to shelter her giant limbs behind, she
knows that also. She is patriotic, as well as at-
tentive to herself; and I disparage nobody when I
say that, on all parts and all aspects of this ques-
tion—national or State, military or industrial—her
opinion is worth that of the whole country beside.
Consider, in the next place, that in a broad and
obvious view of this long and celebrated contro-
versy of boundary, the whole civilized world will
pronounce it lei initiated honorably to you. The
smaller details of the arrangement, the world, his-
tory will never know, or will speedily forget.
The glory or the shame of the general result will
abide, and will foim a part of the wide and irresisti-
ble opinion pronounced for agesupon your acts and
your character. Look, then, at the larger aspect
of the dispute and the settlement. Here has been
for half a century a contention with England
about a territory of twelve thousand square miles,
or seven and a half millions of acrcs. She has
claimed it all; we have claimed it all. Like all
the controversies of nations, it has been conducted
on the high places, and in the eye of the world.
Like all such controversies, it has involved an ap-
peal to the judgment of civilization. England, a
monarchy—a European monarchy—the first pow-
er of the first class of powers, near to the great
sources of public opinion, and, by her press, her
diplomacy, and hei universal intercourse, almost
omnipotent to mould that opinion—England has
pronounced our claim groundless and insincere.
We, a republic, at a distance, have been heard in-
credulously to assert its validity and its good faith.
And what now does the world seel An adjustment
hy a special minister at Washington, by which
•four fifths in value of the whole subject in contro-
versy is left to you ai your own, and by which, for
tliat one-Jfth which she desires to possess, she
pays you, over and over, in national equivalents—
imperial equivalents—such as a nation may give,
such as a nation may receive, satisfactory to your
interests, soothing to your honor—the navigation
15
APPENDQ: TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe
   The Oregon Bill—Mr. Choafe.
iUOSmm
Senate.
of the St. John, a hundred thousand acres in New
Hampshire, fifty thousand acres in Vermont and
Ne w York, the point of land commanding the great
military way to and from Canada by Lake Cham-
plain, the fair and fertile island of St. George the
surrender of a pertinacious pretension to four'mil-
hons of acres westward of Lake Superior ! Sir I
will not say that this adjustment admits, or was de-
signed to admit, that your title to the whole terri-
tory in controversy was perfect and indisputable,
i Will not do so much injustice to the accomplished
and excellent person who represented the modera-
tun and the good sense of the English people and
Government m this negotiation. I cannot adopt, even
lor the defence of a treaty which I so much approve
the language of a wntei in the London Miming
Chronicle of September last, (and who has been
sa]u io be Lord Palmerston,) which over &nd over
asserts that the adjustment "virtually acknowledges
the American claim to the whole of the disputed
territory,'' and that "it gives England no share at
all—absolutely none; for the capitulation virtually
and practically yields up the whole -territory to the
United States, and then brings back a small part of
t ln e*c',Iange for the right of navigating the St
John. I will not say this. But I say the treaty
admits the substantial justice of your general
claim. It admits that, in its utmost ex'ent. it was
plausible, formidable, and made in pure good faith
It adjudges to you the possession of four-fifihs as
innisputably your own; and, as considerations of
policy made the possession of the rest desirable to
England, suppressing the question on the mere
right, she pays you for it as nations pay to their
equals, "in all love and honor." And how will the
world reason on this matter"! Will it not say
"Why, America was right, after all; the proudest
and mo*t powerful of the nations substantially has
admitted that she was right; the fair republic,
(hroned by the West,' has not been rapacious, has
not made false claim and false clamor; she has
asserted her own, and she has obtained her own "
Satisfied, sir, with this general aspect of the con-
troversy a. d the adjustment, I do not propose to
spend time in inquiring whether the equivalents
we get for the one fifth we concede are worth what
they cost us exactly in federal money. It is enough
that they are given as equivalents, eo nomine, on
purpose to soothe and save the point of honor and
that their intrmsical and their comparative value
is such that you may accept them as equivalents
without reproach to your judgment, or your firm-
ness, or your good faith. And yet I cannot feel a
shadow of doubt that what we receive is compen-
sation over and over again for what we concede.
Lift aloft to the sky the vast scales m which such
values may be weighed, and try by the maxims of
imperial traffic the acquisitions of England against
the acquisitions of America! To begin with yours.
There is the navigation of the St. John. Nobody
disputes the value of this concession; but it is said
to be a concession to Maine only. Not at all, sir—
not at a) I. It is a concession to the whole country, to
commerce, to the mercantile marine, to tonnage, to
trade, "as far as winds blow or waters roll."' It is
said that, by the laws of nations, we were entitled to
it. A}'; but did the law of nations give it to youl
No more than honor, in Falstaff's catechism, sets
broken bones. England, till now, has laughed at
the Claim on the law of nations; she laughs at it
new. She has given it as an equivalent of inap-
preciable value, opening to the primeval forests,
virgin soil, and hardy enterprise of Maine an am-
ple path to the sea, as an equivalent in part for
what she receives of the territory in dispute. Ask
the people of Maine what they would take for this
equivalent.
Then, sir, there are one hundred thousand acres
of New Hampshire to which England surrenders
her pretensions forever. I know, or I believe, the
pretension wa« groundless; and yet the award of
the King of Holland gave it away from you. There
is that long margin of fifty-seven thousand acres in
Vermont and New York. It belonged to Canada,
according to the true line of boundary, as much as
Gluebec; an American populating had settled it un-
der mistake; and by this treaty they retain it, and
retain their country too. There is the important
island of St. George, lying in the water communi-
cation between Lake Huron and Lake Superior,
containing more than twenty-five thousand acres of
fertile land; and thereis the final surrender of a lone-
unsettled claim of England to a southern boundary,
and to four millions of acres of land west of Lake
Superior. Above all, there is Rouse's Point, at the
northern end of Lake Champlain. It is on the Ca-
nadian side of the line; nobody now disputes this.
We had fortified it formerly, under an erroneous
supposition that it was on the American side; and
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Calhoun]
reminded you of the deep regret and apprehension
with which military men and the War Depart-
ment (over which he then presided) heard of the
ascertainment of the error. This treaty makes it
yours. I need not tell you what it is worth. It is
far the most important military position on the
whole line from the mouth of the St. Croix to the
Rocky Mountains. Commanding the only access
to invasion from Canada, the old military path
along which came the glittering host of Burgoyne,
the fleetof Dovvnie, and the army of Prevost, wind-
ing across the calm waters of Macdonough's victo-
ry, and along and down between Bennington on
one side and Saratoga on the other, to Albany and
New York; that old classical pass, our Thermopy-
lae, consecrated by as noble blood, illustrated by as
durable glory; two thousand brave men on this po-
sition would hold m check an army and a fleet of
a hundred thousand.
These, sir, are your equivalents for the three
or four millions of acres, the one-fifth of the value
ill controversy in Maine which you yield—not so
much to England, as to peace, to rest, to security,
to certainty of national and individual possessions.
I leave you to judge if you have not the worth of
your money.
But I must now say something to the two par-
ticular objections on which the honorable Senator
from Missouri has laid out so much good indig-
nation. And, first, he complains that we give up a
strip of highlands eight or ten miles wide, and
running one hundred and ten miles in length, from
Lake Pohenagamook to the Metjarmette portage,
which the award of the King of Holland assigned
to us.
Sir, this is true. Yet Maine, you see, prefers
this treaty to that award; and this concession, and
the entire concession to England, you also' see,
is paid for again and again.
But this particular strip of land. The queslioft
is,if, for any purpose of advantage to England, or
of detriment to us, it is worth a pin's feel
Well, sir, that it is good for nothing, for agri-
culture, lumber, minerals, or any other of the uses
of man's life, is admitted. It is a succession of ir-
regular eminences, some of them three thousand
feet high, with morasses between them. The
growth of the highland is a stinted, worthless
forest tree; and of the morass, beds of moss lying'
upon a waste of rock and water. Throughout, it is
unfit, and ever must remain unfit, for cultivation
or for habitation. There is nothing upon or be-
neath the surface of use to anybody or for any-
But the question still remains, if, in reference
to any of the larger objects of her policy or ours, it
possesses valued Sir, it is not worth a pound of
wet gunpowder, for any purpose, to either Govern-
ment.
The first object which I suppose England to
have had in view in her pursuit of this contro-
veisy, has been to obtain a short, secure, and con-
venient road of communication between New-
Brunswick and Canada in winter. Now, Lord
Palmerston (or whoever is the writer for the London
paper from which I have read) asserts that Eng-
land does not effect this object by this treaty. But
however that may be, certain it is that this treaty
gives her no safer, or shorter, or better commu-
nication between her provinces than she acquired
by the Dutch award. Whether vou settle one
line or the other, her road from the'St. John to the
St. Lawrence will pursue exactly the same conrse-
it will be of exactly the same length; it will be
just as much exposed, and just as much sheltered.
The second object of England has been thought
to be to interpose an unoccupied and uninhabitable
space between the Canadian and American popu-
lation—a sort of non-conductor, as Lord Palmers-
ton calls it, of sympathies or of antipathies, as the
case might be. She fears collisions between bor-
der communities, living up to an imaginary line
on both sides of it. She more, and more rationally
perhaps, fears friendships, communication, prosely-
tism, sympathy—the animal magnetism of turbu-
lent and enterprising liberty. Probably, had she
ever acquired the whole territory m dispute, she
would have held large tracts of it ungranted', un-
peopled—a wall of wilderness against the spirit
of change.
