APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Feb. 1843.
" Senafe^"
27th Gong"~S© Sess.
The, Oregon Bill—Mr. Choale.
Now, however desirable it may be to her, or un-
desirable to «s, to keep these two communities a
good safe quarantine (distance apart, it signifies,
obviously, not one straw, whether she or we own
this strip of good-for-nothing hill and bog. Who-
ever owns it, the two races will be exactly the same
distance apart. There would not be one solitary
pa'riot or sympathizer on the whole of it, if our
title weijt to the desolate crest of the mountain
range iiself, as the King of Holland defined it.
Your propagandist of liberty affects not blighted
firs, cold mountains, declining into beds of luxuri-
ant moss, which clothe, imperfectly, silicious rock
and shite!
Let me say, sir, that I should feel it to be no very
frievous thing if a non conductor border, such as
Ingland has contemplated, were interposed be-
tween her people and oar own. I dread the collis-
ions of so long a lme of actual contact. Looking
to the mere interests of my own country, loo, I am
perfectly content that the provinces of British
America should continue subject to the Crown of
England. The near neighborhood of (he posses-
sions, the troops, the navy, the armed image of a
European monarchy, bodes no sort of evil or of
danger to you. Better, perhaps, if we were en-
circled and compressed by the "iron quality" of
Austria, or the impassive ice of Russia! It would
hold us fast together. It would make our "nation-
ality more intense and more concentrated. Our
liberty would be more dear and more disiinclive.
The sentiment of union, the sentiment of Ameri-
can brotherhood, would be more profoundly graven
in our hearts. We should love our home better,
and dwell in it more contentedly, because it would
be seen and felt to be the only home of freedom
"within our reach. But, however all this may be,
it is of no sort of importance which Government
owns this strip of uninhabitable land.
The only remaining question is, Whether, for
any military uses, it possesses any value! Is it
desirable that we should own it for the purpose of
defence or of aggression against Lower Canada1?
Well, sir, upon this question I seek for the opin-
ions of military men. It involves a point of mili-
tary science. It turns altogether upon inquiries
"with which it is their business to be conversant;
upon which they are competent to judge; upon
"which their determinations are necessarily quite
authoritative. And I do but repeat—what every
Senator perfectly well knows—when I say that, in
the judgment of the eniirc militaiy profession of the
country, this range ol land has no military import-
ance or use whatsoever. Neither Government
"would fortify it in timeof peace. No troops would
l>e marched across it m time of war. The title to
it, theiefore, and the possession of it, in time of
peace, are objects of not the slightest value to either
party.
But let ine open this plain matter a little more
largely. It is known to you, sir, that, in the sum-
mer of 1838, a military reconnoissance of the fron-
tier of Maine was made by General Wool, and by
Major Graham, of the corps of topographical en-
gineers. The results of it are contained in reports
made in December of the same year to the Senate,
and which are in the hands of Senators. In 1840,
a board of officers were assembled-Secretary"
of War, and directed, after full and careful exam-
ination of the subject, lo present a connected plan
of defence for the maritime and inland frontiers of
the United States. You have their report also, em-
bodying such a plan. In addition to this, aboard
of commissioners, consisting of three officers of
much distinction, (Messrs. Graham, Talcott, and
Renwiek,) under the direction of Major Graham,
in 1840, 1841, and 1842, made a complete survey of
the territory in dispute, one of the fruits of which
js the new and beautiful map which I have by me,
and which I invite Senators to examine. In all
these ways there has been collected a body of mili-
tary opinion on this subject, which leave's nothing
to be desired.
And this opinion is decided and uniform. A
glance at the map at once explains and confirms it.
There are two paths, and two only, communicating
between the St. Lawrence on the one side, and the
valleys of the Penobscot and Kennebec, and the
waters of the Bay of Fundy, on the other. One of
these is the old road, from the St. Lawrence up the
Chaudiere, to the waters of the Kennebec; and
thence to the beautiful and peopled valley of that
river, and to that of the Penobscot, the track of the
memorable march of Arnold and Montgomery.
All this road is many miles west of the point where
the line of the Dutch award and the line of this
treaty begin again to coincidfe; and, so far as this
road is concerned, the possession and title of the
strip of land under consideration are confessedly of
no importance. The other is the English road up
the St. John, and across, north of the line settled
by the Dutch award and by this treaty, to the Sr.
Lawrence, and up the St. Lawrence to duebec.
The space between these paths, of which this strip
of land is part, is one great trackless wilderness.
No army, coming from Canada, or invading Can-
ada, would set fool on it. Why should an English
General, deserting the old and open road—by the
Chaudiere, for example, which leads at once to the
heart of Maine—march across these highlands;
place their inaccessible crest and faithless morasses
behind him, to cut off his own retreat, il retreat
became necessary; enter a vast forest, offering him
not one inch of road, nor one single article ol sup-
ply, nor one single friendly guide—all on fire with
the blaze of the musketry of the militia of Maine, to
arrive at last, tl he lived to get through—nowhere'.
upon a poor, extended, and scarcely inhabited fron-
tier, where lie could win neither booty nor honor"!
Why, it would be the Alps without Italy! The ab-
surdity of such a thing is inconceivable. And, on
the other hand, if you were aiming a blow at Clue-
bee, would you seek the St. Lawrence across this
pathless wild at a point below Quebec"? No, sir.
If you felt yourselves strong enough for such
achievement, you would maich at once upon one
or the other of the old roads of war—up the Chau-
diere, in the footsteps of Mongomery; or across the
Champlain, furrowed by the keels of invading fleets
before.
On this point the judgments of military men, as
I have said, are unanimous. Gen. Wool, in one
ofthe reports to which 1 have alluded, after rec-
ommending a fortification' on the road of the
Chaudiere, observes:
"This position is a commanding one, and would
be highly important if, by any circumstance, Eng-
land should be induced to invade Maine from the
direction of duebec or Lower Canada. It is situ-
ated on the only route by which a military force
would attempt to penetrate the country from Low-
er Canada. Any other route would be attended
with almost insurmountable difficulties, and which
could not fail to retard the advance of an army.
On either side of the Canada road, for nearly or
quite forty miles south ofthe line, the country is un-
settled, and covered with a dense forest, through
which roads must be cut and made, streams bridged,
and boats built, and where neither forage, provis-
ions, nor any other supplies could be obtained. If
England, however, should make war upon the
United States,—m order to secure the possession of
the disputed territory in question, she would not
waste her resources by contending for ii in the
wilds or dense forests of Maine. Having an army
and a navy at her disposal, she would endeavor
to compel the United Stales to a cession of it by
the destruction of our commerce, navy depots, com-
mercial cities, and frontier towns. These, with
the present disposition of the military establish-
ment of the country, constitute our vulnerable
TOinKand of which England would not fail to take
advantage. wrnxld m-it-her send her armies
into our forests, nor into the heart of the country,
from whence it is not probable they would return."
Such I know to lie Major Graham's opinion
upon a still more thorough study of the subject.
Such I believe to be the opinion of every military
man in the United States.
If we had this strip of mountain and bog for a
thousand years ot peace or war, we should never
fortify it, or any part of it. In another of the re-
ports to which I have referred, the board appointed
to report a plan of defence for this very frontier
say:
"It is altogether inland until it reaches the St.
Croix, where the principles that have been applied
lo other portions of the frontier similarly situated
will again become applicable. Running ona par-
allel of latitude to the Connecticut river, and
thence along a chain of highlands, not yet clearly
defined, to the Province of New Brunswick, the
board are not aware that there are any points im-
mediately on the frontier sufficiently commanding,
of themselves, to call for the establishment and
maintenance of fortifications, or works of defence.
"Should it ever become necessary to sustain, by
force, our fitle to the territory now in dispute, it
must be done not by isolated forts along the frontier,
commanding, probably, nothing beyond the-range
oi their own guns."
The good sense of this opinion is too obvious to
need enforcement. If no army is to cross this, sec-
tion of the line, why fortify it? If an army chose
to cross it, what wi-ald one fort avail"! Would you
build, then, a chain of forts, one hundred and ten
miles long"? A hundred and ten dogs, baying the
moon, would be more sensibly occupied. But if
you would not fortify this wilderness (as you know
you would not) in time of peace, whydesire to ojvn
it in time of peace"? If, as a physical barrier of
impediments and defence, it has any value, it has,
it whoever is the owner. If, in time of war, ypu
have occasion to strengthen the barriers, send the
militia of Maine to guard it. That they can do,
and will do, whether the line ot treaty run along
the crest, or ten miles east or west of it.
I submit, then, sir, that the concession of this
narrow range to England, beyond the line of the
King ofthe Netherlands' award, is a totally unim-
portant one. I apprehend that, if her negotiator or
Government ascribed any importance to it, it arose
from certain European ideas, which more knowl-
edge of the lacts would have taught them werg
wholly inapplicable. They seem to have imagined
that we should occupy and cultivate np to the
very summit ofthe highland,and they had a dread
of this proximity. We, who know that human
life cannot be maintained there, and that it is doom-
e 1 forever to be a desert, may well purchase the
spacious thoroughfare of the St. John, and the key
to Burlington, to Albany, and New York, at such a
price at this.
Pass now, Mr. President, towards the other end
of the line of boundary established b3' the treaty.
You are now west of Lake Superior, and are still
advancing westward, from its vast expanse of crys-
tal waters, along narrow lakes and rapid rivers, and
over portages, towards the Rainy Lake and the
Lake of the Woods. And here the honorable
Senator arraigns the treaty in two distinct particu-
lars. I propose to subject each of them to a dis-
tinct examination. In the first place, he says that
it deserts and abandons the true line of boundary
established by the treaty of 1783, and Cftablishes a
new one further south. To understandthis,Imust
turn tothe treaty of 1783, and to a map of the coun-
try. The second article of that treaty then declares
thattheboundary line from Lake Superior westward,
shall begin at the Long Lake on Lake Superior, and
shall run thence, "through the middle of said Long
Lake and the water communication between it
and the Lake of the Woods, to the Lake of the
Woods." Now, the estuary of what on our maps
is called Pigeon river is admitted by the Senator
to be the Long Lake of the treaty of 1783. He
admits, therefore, that the line is to leave Lake
Superior at the month of Pigeon river, and to
ascend through the middle of that river. And so it
does. But the difficulty is, that, after advancing
some miles westward of Lake Superior, you find
two distinct "water communications," bothextend-
ing westward, but one of them turning northwest-
erly, the other more southwesterly, diverging to a
very considerable distance apart, and not uniting
again until you arrive at Lake La Croix. They
enclose between them an unhappy waste of rock
and water, called Hunter's Island. They aremuch
alike in their general character, being both ofthem
a line of narrow lakes and streams, cataracts and
rapids almost without number, which are overcome
by as many portages. Now, the treaty of Wash-
ington, after arriving at the point of divergence,
adopts the southern water communication; and
draws the line along that, till it again arrives at the
point of union. The honorable Senator alleges
that the northern is the water communication in-
tended by the treaty ofl783, and that the new treaty,
of course, surrenders the true line.
Well now, sir, how will you determine which
of the two is the water communication meant by
the treaty of 1783"? That treaty draws the line
"along the water communication." But here are
two. Which is the right one"?
I should have supposed, in the first place, that
if, in 1783, one of these routes was in actual use as
a mode of water communication, and the other
was not, the one in use was the one intended.
The language looks, or seems to look, towards the
fact of actual travel. It seems to designate not so
much a geographical locality as a human use. It
is not land and water, but communication; that par-
ticular line of land and water over which com-
munication is taking place. And so the honorft-
