fob. 1,848-
APPENDIX f0 Tflfe CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
227
27m Covo. .. 3d Sbss.
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Choate.
Senate.
ble Senator would seem to have at first understood
it; .'for, in his speech delivered in executive ses-
sion against the treaty, he describes this northern
route as "a communication which the Indians had
followed beyond the reach of tradition, which was
the highway of nations, which ail travellers and
traders have fallowed since its existence became
known to oar first discoverers."
"Assuming:, then, for the first aspectofthe argu-
ment, thai the waier communication in use in 1783
was the one meant by the treaty,—which one was in
usel This is a question of fact. It depends on
the proofs. What say they'?
In the first place, the honorable Senator produces
not one tittle of evidence to show that his northern
route from the mouth of Pigeon river was ever
u^e'd at all. None, none. Let him name the book,
thetraveller, the tradition, which says it was He
has not; he cannot. And now, when you con-
sider with how precious hatred he hates the treaty,
his habits of laborious research, his extensive and
minute acquaintance with the whole subject, and
his ample means in his own library and maps,
and those of Congress, of arriving at the truth—this
non-production of evidence must be held conclu-
sive against his position. If it had existed, we
should have had it. The crystal waves of Lake
Superior would have given up ihe dead to testily
if they had known the tact. But I am able to put
this matter at rest forever. Sir, it is susceptible
of the most ample and most precise demonstra-
tion—first, that, while France possessed the Cana-
das, her traders did not ascend from the mouth of
Pigeon river, and pursue either of these routes; but
set out from the river Kamanastiquia, forty or
fifty miles northeast of Pigeon river, on Lake Su-
perior, and thence proceeded westwardly: second,
that, after the conquest of Canada, the English
traders universally ascended from the mouth of
Pigeon river, and throueh it, or lather through
the portage a little south of it; thence up and along
the southernmost of these routes, (never along the
northernmost;) and continued to do so from 1760
down to 1803.
In 1783, therefore, the northern route was not
used, and necer had been; while the southern had
been used from the moment the English knew any-
thing of the country at all. The only water com-
munication of these two, ever used by a human
being, was the one adopted by this treaty. I
shall do no more, sir, than to refer to the sources
of proof. They are ample; they are direct; they
are wholly uncontradicted. I find the evidence,
then, first, in the executive document No. 45], 2d
session of the 25th Congress, containing the pro-
ceedingsof the commissioners appointed under the
7th article of the treaty of Ghent to determine ihe
boundaries of the United States and the British
possessions in North America. You know the
history and the value of this document. Messrs.
Porter and Barclay were commissioners appointed
by the two Governments, respectively, under the
6th and 7th articles of the treaty of Ghent. They
were to fix the boundary from the foot of
Neebish Rapids to the northwesternmost point of
the Lake of the Woods. General Porter was the
American commissioner, Mr. Barclay the English.
They were employed m'this service for a long time.
They agreed to some extent, and to some extent
they differed. The line westward from Lake
Superior to the Rainy Lake they were unable to
agree on, and left it undermined. The document
to which I am about to refer, contains a complete
report of the proceedings of the commissioners,
with a great body of evidence relied upon by
one or the other, or both, in support of their views
respectively. Mr. Forsyth, the Secretary of State,
in his communication transmitting it to Congress,
declares "that it is all the information on the sub-
ject on the files of the department."
Looking into this authentic collection of evi-
dence, then, I refer first to the testimony of Wil-
liam MeGtllivray. Who he was, General Porter
infoims you on page 22 of this document. He
describes him as a "very respectable and intelli-
gent British subject, particularly and personally
conversant with the geography of the interior, and
(at the time of writing the above-mentioned letters
was, probably,) the best living authority on this sub-
ject." Now^what does he testify upon the subject
of the uses of these two routes'? On page 122 he
particularly traces out the southern route from the
mouth of Pigeon river, or rather the portage a
little south of it; and then adds: "By this route,
and this route only, was the trade to the northwest
country carried on by the French, while in pos-
session of Canada, and from the conquest until the
year 1803 by the English traders."
In the next place, Sir Alexander Mackenzie,
in his account ol the fur-trade prefixed to his Trav-
els, describes this southern route as the established
and only track of the English traders and trav-
ellers. He traces their journey step by step, from
Montreal io Lake Superior, and irom Lake Su-
perior to the Rainy Lake, by the precise course
pursued by this tieaty; and declares that it had
been the settled line of communication from a
very short period after the conquest of Canada.
I invite the honorable Senator, as I read this wri-
ter's enumeration of the lakes along which the fur-
trade is described as travelling, to follow me upon
the trap, and say whether they are not the lakes
comprising the southern line of communication.
There is, of course, no question about it.
In the next place, X employ the testimony of Mr.
Delafield, who was the agent of the American
commissioner, General Porter, during the sittings
of the commission of which I have spoken, and
who contributed, I perceive, an able argument in
support of some part of the American claim. I
find him on pages 25 and 26 of the document to
which I have before referred, describing this
southern communication as "ihe old track of the
traders," as "ihe known route," as "one well-known
and continuous chain of waters." Thisgentleman
assisted in surveying it thrice, and in making a
map of it.
To this I add the statement of Mr. Ferguson
who was the principal American surveyor attend-
ing that commission—a gentleman of great talent
and science, now employed upon the coast sur-
vey. In his letter to Mr. Webster of July 25
1842, (which is among the papers accompanying
the treaty,) he speaks of the treaty as pursuing
generally, the "old commercial loute." And in
one addiessed to me, and which I hold in my
hand, dated January 19, 1813, he uses these words-
"The route now described as the boundary was
the one used always by the British fur traders,
when they were in possession of the country inclu-
ding both."
I present to the Senate, then, sir, the testimony
of Mr. McGillivray, whom our distinguished anil
able commissioner, General Porter, declares to
be "respectable, intelligent, and the best living wit-
ness on the subject"—of Sir Alexander Macken-
zie, relating facts, the truth or ialsehood of which
was known to all British America, and without
a motive to relate untruly—and of Mr. Delafield,
our own agent, and Mr. Fsrgnson, our own sur-
veyor on the commission; who all concur in de-
claring, for substance, that, fiom the conquest of
Canada by England—that is, lor more than twenty
years before the treaty of 1783—the only communi-
cation from Lake Superior westward was exactly
this southern communication adopted by the treaty
of 1842, and that it continued the only one down to
1803. And against this accumulation of proof, the
honorable Senator has never produced a particle
of contradictory proof.
If, then, sir, when the treaty of 1783 runs the
line through "the water communication" from the
mouth of Pigeon river, it means that one water
communication then existing and used, and which
had existed and been used ever since England had
owned the country: if it means the only one which,
from the mouth of Pigeon river, had ever been
used, so far as we can learn, by a human being—
then it means the one adopted by the treaty of
1842. On this point there is no room for doubt or
disputation.
2. But suppose it be said that the treaty of 1783
means the best water communication—that having
the most continuous line of deep water, the fewest
cataracts, the fewest rapids, the most practicable
and navigable line.
Well, sir, even so: the honorable Senator offers
no evidence at all that the northern route is best.
None. He assails the treaty. He assails the ma-
king and the ratifying. He assumes the burden of
proof; and he offers not a particle of evidence, good
or bad.
But look to the proof on the other side. In the
first place, is it not an irresistible inference from
the fact that the southern route alone was used, that
it was the best1? If the northern was the easiest,
safest, and shortest, is it not inconceivable that
neither French, nor English, nor Canadian enter-
prise, nor the unerring instincts and immemorial
traditions of the red race, ever found it outl Why,
sir, the difference of one cataract crone carrying-
place in its favor, would hare drawn io it, wnh un-
failing certainty, the universal travel of all the
hunters and traders of all these races.
But again, sir. Mr. Barclay, the British com-
missioner, on page 92 of the document I have used
so much, employs this language:
"The course described by the undersigned is,
throughout, the old commercial route, and the route
invariably used by the traders, who enter or return
by the Grand Portage and Pigeon river. But the
water communication from Lake Kasagenega, by
Sturgeon liver to the Sturgeon lake, and the de-
viation by the Arrow river and Arrow lake, from
the main route, are difficult, and but little known."
And again:
"In fact, it is too notorious to require proof,
among persons in the least acquainted with these
waters, that neither ihe Arrow river nor the Stur-
geon river is an accustomed route: the reason as-
signed is, that they are both mire devious, and
both attended with greater obstacles, than is the
common route."
I know he is the English commissioner; but I
also know that neither our own commissioner, nor
anybody else, anywhere, intimates one word to the
contrary.
3. Upon this point, however, Ihe evidence of
Mr. Ferguson is the most satisfactory. In his let-
ter to me, from which I have already read an ex-
tract, he says:
"2d. The portages on the southern route are
shorter (in this I depend entirely on my recollec-
tion) than those on the northern.
"3d. On the northern route there are several cat-
aracts, or falls, varying in height from 20 to (iO feet
— rendering, for commercial purposes, the naviga-
tion more uncertain and dangerous.
"4th. There is no question but that the route as
designated in the treaty of 1842, was intended by
the treaty of 1783—the ignorance of the geography
of the country only producing the ambiguities."
In another letter, also addressed to me, under
date of January 21, 1843, he favors me with a lii-t
of the falls and rapids in the route north of Hun-
ter's island, and between the points where it de-
parts from and unites to the southern route. He
makes, in all, between those points, about forty
falls and rapids, from two feet to thirty-five feet;
and says that some of them are "especially dan-
gerous." The name of the Riviere Mahgne—
which forms part of this delightful northern com-
munication—he adds, indicates its character. You
see, then, sir, that forty portages, at least, are re-
quired to overcome the impracticabilities of this
unheard-of and nntravelled path; while nobody
pretends that you find that number upon the line of
this treaty.
I understand the honorable Senator to have inti-
mated that there is still another criterion to deter-
mine the "water communication" intended by the
treaty of 1783. He says it may mean that one
a ong which you find the most continuous line of
water of some sort—deep or shallow, rapid or quiet,
straieht or crooked—the fewest places where the
water is completely severed and interrupted by dry
land. Even so, sir, the honorable Senator has not
proved, or sought to prove, that the northern has an
advantage over the southern. If he cites Macken-
zie for the purpose, I can only say that I am not
aware, after a recent and diligent reading of his
book, of one word in it, from beginning to end,
which has the least application to such a question.
The honorable Senator then relies at last, and he
relies exclusively, on two maps of our countryman,
Tanner; one published in 1838, I believe, and the
other in 1841, or 1840or '42. These maps patrioti-
cally and intrepidly draw the line of boundary
north of Hunter's island. But surely, surely we
must admit thai, as evidence on the matters of fact
upon which the interpretation of the treaty of 1783
depends, this amounts to nothing. The truth is,
that the question of this debate, which water com-
munication is meant by the treaty of 1783, remains
exactly where it was in 1783. Nothing has been
said or done by either Government to aid in de-
termining it. No line has been runou1—no mon-
ument erected—no possession taken and main-
tained, and acquiesced in, which changes the as-
pect of the case in the slightest degree;—nothing
which helps to construe the treaty of 1783, and to
apply it to the ground; or which supersedes the
necessity of construing and applying it exactly as
