27th Cong <Sd
appendix to the congressional globe-
The Oregon Bill—Mr. Choate.
fei 184&
Senate.
if it -were iftade twelve months ago. It is alto-
gether an open question. It was so, I should
rather say, up to [he time when the treaty of
Washington was concluded. To determine it,
there is no other-mode than to go out with the
writing itself upon the desert localities; ascertain
their character; see what had been the direction
of the hunter's path across them; and thus, by an
application of the treaty to its subject, deduce its
meaning. Of course, ti.en, a map made in either
country, in 1838 or 1840, affords no useful evi-
dence of anything material to the investigation.
1 cannot collect from this splendid one of Tan-
ner, suspended to the view of the Senate, whether
he supposed the northern route was the one used
in 1783; or whether he supposed it was the best
one; or what he knew, or how he knew anything,
one way or the other, upon these matters of fact.
Yet, upon those matters of fact depends the whole
question at this day. Of what value, then, is the
evidence'! No doubt, since the commission of
Messrs. Porter and Barclay at least, the exist-
ence of the two water communications has been
known; no doubt, since that time, it has been
known that there was or might grow up a con-
troversy about them; and, no doubt, a patriotic
American geographer very judiciously and very
naturally decided the controversy in advance in
favor of his patrons and his country. I approve
his patriotism, and distrust his map.
The honorable Senator interrupts me to say that
he has forty other maps which draw the same line
north of Hunter's island. Sir, if he means (as I
take it for granted he means) those little plates
which are appended to the document to which I
have so often referred, I beg to say that, valueless
for many reasons, they must be admitted by him-
self to be so, for this conclusive reason: that they
all of them lay down the Long Lake not at the mouth
of Pigeon river, where the Senator agrees that it
is, but forty or fifty miles farther northeast. It is
for this that Mr. Delafiekl cites and argues from
them. They come into court, then, each and all,
with an acknowledged and enormous falsehood
upon their fronts, and are utterly discredited ac-
cordingly.
Since, sir, however, the honorable Senator has
cited a map of 1838, and one of 1840, and has
made allusion (if I have rightly understood him) to
other and earlier maps, whose palpable and admit-
ted errors utterly annihilate their testimony, I will
take leave to call the attention of the Senate to one
of a very different character. 1 have here an ori-
ginal Mitchell's map. This map, the Senate know,
the commissioners who negotiated the treaty of
1783 had before them during the negotiation. I do
not mean, of course, that they had this identical
map, but one of the same impression, and exactly
like it. And, sir, without wishing to press any in-
ference from it too far, I cannot but think that it
proves that the geographer intended to lay down
one water communication from the mouth of what
we now call Pigeon river, westward; and to lay
down that one which runs south of Hunter's isl-
and. Senators may see here, first, that this map
places Long Lake at the mouth of Pigeon river; in
truth, it is this fact which induced cmr ctjnnTrtsstOTTfr,"
Gen Porter, to believe that the estuary of Pigeon
river is the Long Lake of the treaty of 1783; sec-
ond, from this point, (which we now agree to call
Pigeon river,) it extends one water communication,
and one only, to the Lake of the Woods; third, and
the course of this communication quite strikingly
resembles the water communication from the
mouth of Pigeon river, south of'Hunter's island, on
our new maps, which is adopted by the recent trea-
ty; that is, after advancing some distance west-
ward from Lake Superior, it inclines south, and
then turns northwesterly, somewhat remarkably,
like the southern and western boundary of Hunt-
er's island.
Now, sir, if this resemblance exists, (of which
Senators will judge,) it affords some presumption
that the geographer intended to lay down the south-
ern of the two lines of communication, and that he
was ignorant of, or disregarded, the northern. If
so, there is ground of presumption, too, that the
framers of the treaty of 1783 meant to designate
and adopt the same line cf communication. You
admit that they place Long Lake at the mouth of
Pigeon river, because you find that the map which
"they had before them does so; why, then, do they
not mean to designate the only line from Long
Lake which the same map depicted, and of whose
jSStetence it made any recognition'?
But, Mr. President, it is not upon these or upon
any maps that I rest the question. The Senator
assumes the burden of showing that the line of the
treaty of 1783 is the northern of the two which we
have been comparing. I controvert his position,
and appeal to the proofs. And, upon these proofs,
I submit that it is perfectly clear that the southern
was the only one which, in 1783, had been ever
used, and that it. was the best of the two. I submit,
further, that there is no evidence that the existence
of the northern was at that time known or suspect-
ed; and there is no evidence that, upon any crite-
rion whatever for determining which the treaty of
1783 intended, however capricious or however fa-
vorable to the position of the honorable Senator, the
northern presents the slightest ground of preference
over the other.
I deny, then, that the treaty has made the change
of a hair's breadth in the line beyond Lake Supe-
rior. It has sought for the line of 1783, and hss
found it. Not an acre of that "wide waste of rock
and water;" not a mile of the old fur-huntei'spath;
not a cataract; not a portage, intended for you by
the treaty of peace, is given away, with or without
compensation. On the contrary, it is certain that a
claim to four millions of acres south of the line
now finally established, on which England has
steadily insisted, is surrendered forever.
The other objection of the honorable Senator to
that part of the treaty which applies to the coun-
try west of Superior, is totally a distinct objection,
requiring to be distinctly examined. It is this: that
even if the line of boundary is rightly drawn, and
in those places where it is confessedly rightly
drawn, the treaty admits the subjects of Great
Britain to a use in common with our own citizens,
of all the customary portages along the line; and,
among these, of the Grand Portage, a few miles
south of the mouth of Pigeon river. And this
objection, sir, is true in point of fact. The second
article of the treaty draws a line of boundary
through the middle of Pigeon river, thence through
the middle of the entire succession of water com-
munications south of Hunter's island, and so to
the Rainy Lake; and then concludes: "It being
understood that all the water communications,
and all the usual portages along the line from
Lake Superior to the Lake of the Woods, and
also Grand Portage, from the shore of Lake Su-
perior to the Pigeon river, as now actually used,
shall be free and open to the use of the citizens
and subjects of both countries."
But while I admit it to be true in point of fact,
the honorable Senator must allow me to say that it
is totally undeserving of his notice as a serious
objection to the treaty. The question of boundary
was worthy of him If he could have established
that branch of his arraignment, it would have been
athingto boast of. But this, sir, is certainly be-
neath the Senator's mark. And I think I am justi-
fied in saying so, by the course of the Senator him-
self. Why, sir, when did he first hold it worth his
while to break these butterfly portages upon his
wheel1? It is only within the last week or fortnight,
according to my recollection, that he ever alluded
to them. How strenuously, and with what ability
TTFtStTglTrtTrerTreaty—m-excciative session, through
one summer's day after another, we all know. His
speech upon that occasion he has since written out
and given to the country. Here it is—twenty-seven
pages—not much short of eighty columns of the
Congressional Globe; the most elaborate, the most
minute, the most searching, the most hostile exam-
ination, dissection, and mastication of a treaty in
the whole history of debate. Yet, in all that speech,
(and I have navigated its whole vast atlantic, and
sounded all its depths,) there is not one word about
these portages—not one. He enumerates twelve
distinct concessions which the treaty makes to
England. He dwellsontheirvolue and importance,
one by one, drop by drop. Nothing seems to es-
cape him; yet a silence as of the grave about all,
and all manner of portages, grand or little ! Cer-
tainly—certainly this must have been a pretty in-
considerable objection, when so powerful a micro-
scope in the hand of such an operator did not then
detect it.
And so it is, when you come to examine it
Why, sir, the treaty attempts merely a liberal,
manly, cypres execution of the treaty of 1783.
The framers of that celebrated arrangement de-
scribe, and mean to divide and give in equal
shares, a water communication from Lake Supe-
rior to the Lake of the Woods. When the lo-
calities come to be inspected, it is found that
there is a geographical or physical water line;
and that there is a line of actual travel which
must and does depart from the other, here and
there, by portages. A liberal approximated exe-
cution of that treaty would seem to require that
the line of boundary should follow the -water
line; and that the portages, indispensable to the
enjoyment of that line as a mode of communica-
tion, should be shared in common. This is what
the present treaty does, apparently, with the ori-
ginal approbation of the honorable Senator him-
self, and still, I hope, with the approbation of all
mankind beside.
The honorable Senator alleges thai the treaty,
in this behalf, makes a concession to England
which Jay, m 1794, refused to make; and that it
brings back the bloody throngs of British traders
to the portage south of Pigeon river, from which
Jay's treaty compelled them to migrate in 1803,
and to which they have been languishing to re-
turn ever since. And thereupon he exclaims:
"Give me the Federalists of 1794; give me George
Washington and his friends—men who had Amer-
ican hearts in their bosoms—for all the Federal-
ists now alive! I stand by the work of John
.lay!"
Mr. President, I have no difficulty in supposing
the honorable Senator perfectly sincere in this eu-
logy of the departed great. I will not say that his
purpose seemed more to depreciate others than to
praise them. I will not say that "he unplumbs
the dead for bullets to assassinate the living." I
unite with him especially in the honors he has
paused to bestow upon the grave of Jay. I rejoice
to see that great man, the friend of Washington
and of kindred virtues, pure, elevated, and refined,
his whole character whiter than the ermine of his
exalted office, receive the justice which, living, he
was denied. The malignant slander of the hour is
shamed to rest, and thousands of the generation
who heard him accused of selling the interests and
glory of America for English gold or praise, have
lived to see the whole world assign him his seat
among the rarer and grander names, who in peace
and war have sought io serve, not sought to please,
their country. What more striking—what more
grateful—what more full of lessons of constancy
and steadfastness in the moment of averted popu-
lar favor, than to hear that treaty for which Wash-
ington could scarcely obtain a hearing, now and
here produced as the standard by which the merit
of modern negotiation is to be tried!
Let the provisions, then, of this treaty of 1842,
which we have now to consider, be tried by the
provisions upon the same subject in the treaty of
1794. Sir, they aie the same exactly! I say to
the honorable Senator, that there is no concession
made in this, upon the subject of portages, that is
not made m that. I say to him that this is a re-
production and re-establishment of that in this be-
half—neither less nor more. The right of transit,
the common use of the water communications
and of the auxiliary carrying-places, the induce-
ments to travel the old route in the old modes,
are exactly the same under one as the other; ana
there is no more propriety in the reiterated assev-
eration of the honorable Senator that the framer
of this treaty has led back the British traders
from Kamanastiquia to south of Pigeon river, than
there would be m saying as often and as loudly
that John Jay offered them a tempting bribe to
induce them not to remove northward of the river
at all. Turn, sir, to Jay's treaty, and judge for
yourself. I select and read all the parts of it
which apply to the question :
"Art. 3. It is agreed that it shall at all times be
free to his Majesty's subjects and to the citizens of
the United States, and also to the Indians dwelling
on either side of the said boundary line, freely to
pass and repass, by land or inland navigation,
into the respective territories and countries of the
two parties, on the continent of America, (the
country within the limits of the Hudson's Bay
Company only excepted,) and to navigate all the
lakes, rivers, and waters thereof, and freely to
carry on trade and commerce with each other."
"No duty of entry shall ever be levied by either
paity on peltries brought by land, or inland navi-
gation, into the said territories respectively; nor
shall the Indians passing or repassing with their
own proper goods and effects, of whatever nature,
pay for the same any impost or duty whatever.
But goods in hales, or other large packages, un?
usual among Indians, shall not be considered a<3
goods belonging bona fide to Indians,"
