Feb. 184S.
APPENDIX. TO THJB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
27th Cong«-* 3d S&ss.
State Debts—Mr. Merrick.
Senate.
It is clear, then, what England's interpretation ,
'Of joint occupancy means. Her practice defines it;
and it is*an exclusive occupancy by her. A "com-
mon-possession with us," means her having a num-
ber of fbrts; "a free enjoyment by both the high
contracting parties," signifies the exclusive fur and
lumber trade, saw-mills, hospitals, &c.; to "hunt
and to fish" intends, beyond doubt, farms 6f 3,000
adrss, worked by 100 laborers. And then what •
cautions equity about infringing your jurisdiction,
when she has already taken such excellent care
that-there should be nobody there for you to extend
it over! If she meant fairly, surely these things
would not be done; and 1 hold the entire series of
her acts, and the manifest designs which they are
every day advancing, as an utter and systematic
infraction of the treaty by her. In confirmation of
this, Mr. M. read a further extract from Captain
Wyeth's statement, detailing the proceedings of the
Hudson Bay Company.
And now, what says she as to these settlements,
and the permanency of claim to them, which she
recognises as obtained by those making them'!
In the negotiations of 1827, between Mr. Galla-
tin, on our part, and Messrs. Huskisson and Ad-
dington on hers, the latter, on this point, thus de-
clarethe intentions of their Government:
"To the interests and establishments which Brit-
ish industry and enterprise have created, Great
Britain owes protection. That protection will be
given, both as regards settlement and freedom of
trade and navigation, with every attention not to
infringe the co-ordinate rights of the United Stales:
it being the desire of the British Government, so
long as the joint occupancy continues, to regulate
its own obligations by the same rules which gov-
ern the obligations of every other occupying parly."
Protection, then, will be given to these establish-
ments, "both as to settlement and trade." Here,
then, are "establishments" and "settlements," valu-
able and fixed possessions, which England declares
herself bound to protect: and this is the joint occu-
pancy ! A powerful exclusion on the one hand,
and "settlements" and "establishments" and "crea-
tions of British industry and enterprise" on the
other.
But that "protection" she will render "with every
attention not to infringe the co ordinate rights of
the United Slates." Oh, of coursenot! Great Brit-
ain never infringes any co-ordinate rights of oth-
ers—never encroaches upon anybody anywhere 1
No, never! Her scrupulousness in this respect is
celebrated over the whole earth, not only upon this
continent,but as far as India and China. And then
it is so easy for her to reconcile our rights of joint
occupancy with this assurance of protecting her
subjects of the Hudson Bay Company in whatever
they have "created by their enterprise and indus-
try"—all their "settlements and establishments!"
Sir, I held the proceedings of her company most
unequivocal; and I urged that her long permission
of them was a sanction which made them abund-
antly her own. But this declaration I take to be
an explicit assumption of all these progressive acts
of possession—a recognition affirming all that pos-
session, and encouraging her settlers to go on and
add whatever other "interests" "British industry
and enterprise" can "create."
What, then, are you to dol All admit the rapid
tendency of her measures completely and finally ©
to dispossess you. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says, "if she takes possession, so should we."
I agree with him, and think I have shown that she
has done so. This bill will but do it equally on
our part. It but goes, as we should at least go,
pari passu with her. I hold the formal grant of
"lands to be no more than she has already, in effect,
practised. But we can at least give with a condi-
tion. Shall she say lhat she will make settlers
whole, and may not we-1 Can she promise, with-
out an infraction of the convention, that she will
make good the establishments of her settlers, and
shall not we? Make then no positive grant', but
only promise, as she does.
As to our title, the common opinion of the entire
Senate makes no doubt of it. Do you intend to
abandon ill Does even Gieat Britain think of
doing so with her flimsy claim'? When did she
ever yield such a pretension, except for a large
equivalent? She nourishes no idea of receding
from her claim, but takes every measure the most
skilful to enforce and to insure it. Hence the
train of measures that she is pursuing.
The question then is but, at last, of negotiation or
war, Ol course, I prefer theformer; but, much as
1 love peace—greatly as I should deplore a breach
with that kindred nation—than to yield to this en-
croachment, I will accept far rather the sad choice
of arms. I may say this the rather, because neither
my feelings nor my taste have ever led me to rail
against Britain. I love that great nation for her
noble institutions, her laws, (the freest in the world
except our own,) her valor, her policy, her social
greatness, her freedom, the venerable mother of
ours. But I am jealous of the gigantic progress of
her power, her vast designs and grasping temper.
On either «ontment, and in the remotest shores,
she stretches towards a universal empire. Afriea
feels her; Syria receives her garrisons; on either
side of our continent she threatens every shore;
and, while she spreads out a new dominion m the
great islands of the South Sea, she dispossesses the
descendants of the great Mogul, and breaks the
commercial wall which hasso long separated China
from the rest of the world.
It is time to abandon our supineness; it has al-
ready.placed us at disadvantage enough. We must
proceed as Britain proceeds. Do not violate the
treaty, but send on your people to settle and defend
the country; and give them assurances that they
will be protected.
REMARKS OF MR. MERRICK,
of Maryland.
In Senate, February 25th, 1843.—Upon the resolu-
tions offered by McDoffie, in relation to the State
debts.
Mr. Walker having concluded his remarks-
Mr. MERRICK rose and said: 1 regret, Mr.
President, the necessity which presses upon me
again to intrude upon the attention of the Senate,
and occupy a further portion of its now almost in-
valuable time with a discussion leading to no prac-
tical results; indeed, I have been much astonished
at the pertinacity with which gentlemen on the
other side continue to renew and force upon the
Senate this discussion, to the exclusion of all the
valuable and important subjects for practical legis-
lation pending before us, and, consequently, to the
great detriment of the public interest, after the ma-
jority of the Senate have twice determined by sol-
emn votes, upon yeas and nays, that they could not
and would not, at this time,'entertain these abstract
propositions. But, much as I have been surprised
at this, I am still more surprised—indeed, sir, I am
utterly confounded—by the declarations made by
the Senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDuffieJ
at the conclusion of his remarks, and repeated by
the Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Walker.] These
declarations are of a character so extraordinary
and so unusual here, that I am unwilling and un-
prepared to make any reply to them; and I shall,
therefore, leave them to be judged of by the Senate
and the country, in the face of which they have
been made. Argument would be vain in combat-
ing positive declarations thatgentlemen will, under
certain circumstances, refuse to redeem the bonds
of this Government, issued under the sanction of
all the forms of a law of Congress; 1 shall leave
them, therefore, to the judgment of the Senate and
the country, and pass on to the consideration of the
subject more immediately in hand. 1 have before
announced on this floor, that, as often as gentlemen
might see fit to renew these assaults upon the
States and upon State credit, I felt bound, and
held myself prepared, to meet them; and I intend to
fulfil the promise then niade. It is a solemn duly
I owe to mv constituents to interpose in every such
case. And what excites my special wonder is, the
distrust—the unusual and unjustifiable distrust—of
the people, manifested by the~-e attempts to force on a
discussion here, for no conceivable purpose, unless
it be to forestall and control the action of the public
mind.
The Senator fiorn South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
DuffieI has been, throughout the whole of that
part of his remarks which I was fortunate enough
to hear, contending against propositions which
have not been presented or suggested here, upon
which we are not required to act, and which, so far
as they exist at all, are mere subjects of discussion
and inqyiry among the people; and shall we assume
upon ourselves the power, or attempt, in any_ way,
to arrest the people in their discussions and inqui-
ries? Are they not to be trusted to deliberate, to
discuss, and inquire into public measures, and
make up their minds as to the direction they may
see fit to give to their public affairs'! Shall we un-
dertake to control and direct them in the exercise of
this great and fundamental right, a'nd teach them,
how they are to demean themselves upon such
questions.as the gentleman has discussed'! o.' is it
not rather our duty, as the mere agents 8f the States
and people, to conform our action to their will?
They are the sovereigns—we the agents; and are
we so terribly afraid of the ignorance, or incompe-
tence, or wickedness of those for whom we are sent
here to act, that the natural order of things must be
reversed; and we are to neglect our appropriate and
assigned duties, for the purpose of teaching them
lessons in advance, and checking the free and full
exercise by them of the rights of inquiry and dis-
cussion on whatever subject they please to discuss?
I rather think it is our duty to obey the behests of
public opinion, not to direct or control its forma-
tion. Such is at least the professed doctrine, and
such should be the practice of gentlemen. The
Senator from South Carolina [Mr. McDoffie] asks
if anybody supposes there is any "inherent wealth
in this Government, or that they have the power to
give to the people any more money than they first
extract from the people1!" and thence he argues all
attempts at relief are worse than useless. Now, sir,
I will admit the gentleman's position, but deny his
conclusion; because you already have, long since,
drawn from the people the money necessary to the
acquisition of that vast fund, the public lands,
which is adequate and ample to afford all the relief
now wanted or asked for, and which you most un-
justly withhold, although it can in no other way be
so well and beneficially applied. Here is an im-
mense property of almost incalculable value, a part
of it acquired by the blood and treasure of our revo-
lutionary fathers, and the residue purchased by
money long since contributed by the people gener-
ally; which is useless, or worse than useless, to this
Government, in the way in which it is now held
and disposed of; but which, properly applied, is
much more than ample for the relief of the indebt-
ed States and the whole community, but which you
sternly, remorselessly withhold, turning a deaf ear
to all the demands from every quarter for the re-
lief it could afford; and false issues are gotten up
about the assumption of State debts, which nobody
has proposed, or thinks of proposing; and of this it is
that I complain, and against which, in the nameand
in the behalf of the people of Maryland, 1 enter my
most solemn protest.
Sir, it has been argued lhat this land fund is ut-
terly insignificant, and therefore you will not grant
it—surrender if, rather—to its rightful owners,
now lhat they want it, and are in distress. This
argument confutes itself. If the fund be really so
insignificant, why do you make such a pother
about it"! Why not yield it at once, if it is not
worth contending fori Be it ever so small, a little
would give some relief to people in distress; it
would give them comfort, and free you from their
vexatious demands. Yet you will not yield it, and
your refusal proves the pretence to be false. It is
true that but a comparatively small sum appears to
have been received into the treasury during the
last year from this source; but then it is equally
true, and cannot be denied, that, until very lately,
these lands had, for a series of years, yielded an
average of about ten millions of dollars annually;
and there is no doubt lhat tiiey will, under a
proper administration, again .yield, in a very little
while, as much, or very nearly as much. " Now,
anybody can calculate how great would be the re-
lief afforded by this sum annually applied to the
use of the States. A child can teil you upon what
amount of State debts it would pay the interest, at
three or at sjx per cent. There is, sir, a steady but
constantly increasing demand for the public lands
for settlement and cultivation, bearing a just pro-
portion to the mcicase of our population, from
natural causes, and by emigration to the country.
This demand has always heretofore been, and
must, in the nature of things, continue to be, pro-
gressively increasing. Tell me not, then, lhat the
fund is insignificant, oi that as much will not be de-
rived from it m future, if properly administered,
as it has heretofore yielded. But genilemen may
ask, why there is so little derived from it just now?
I answer, these are extraordinary times of em-
barrassment and difficulty, and, to some extent,
the land sales are affected thereby; but they are
much more materially and fatally affected by the
manner in which these lands are now disposed of.
There is no inducement, under your present pre-
emption laws, to purchase at all; on theeontraiy,
there is every possible inducement to delay pur-
chasing. As soon as a district of country is sur-
