July, 184 si.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
ZTth Cong 3d Sess.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
in different forms, which are plain and intelligible,
and which admit, in my judgment, of no reasona-
ble doubt. They believe that those interests require
that the act shall not be continued as a part of the
law ot the land. In voting, theiefore, as I shall do,
for the repeal of the law, I shall act m accordance,
asl think, with the wishes of the people who sent
me here—shall respond to the call made upon me
by my fellow-citizens who have given me this
place 3f¥feponsibility and honor—and perform an
act which will be in accordance with their clearly
expressed opinions, and their convictions of what
is required by principles of private justice and pub-
lic expediency. Mr. H. said he had considered it
proper to make this explanation, and would leave
the subject without further remark.
[The following speech was made at the 2d session
of the 27th Congress, as will be seen by its date;
but it was not written out by the member and de-
livered to us until after the Appendix for that ses-
sion was completed, which will account for its ap-
pearance in this volume.]
SPEECH .OF MR. J. 0. EDWARDS,
of missouri.
In the House of Representatives, July 11, 1842.—On
the tariff.
Mr. Chairman : The hour is late, and the House
is thin, and several members yet wish to speak;
and in two hours after we meet to-morrow, this
debate will be closed, under the resolution adopted
fur that purpose.
I shall say only enough to show my position on
the tariff. One hour is not sufficient to enable me
to go into the subject fully; and in less than one
hour I can state my points, and give the character
of my tables, and show the position I occupy in
reference to the tariff'. At this late hour, and so
near the close of this debate, I cannot expect to do
more. I may not, then, occupy even the time al-
lowed me; but if, hereafter, 1 write out my speech,
, I may avail myself of the usual liberty under the
hour rule—that of writing even more than I may
«y-
I am opposed to this bill. I am not only opposed
to this bill, but I have objections to any tariff. But
I am especially opposed to this bill. It has unusual
features for a tariff—features more than usually
objectionable. Its general tendencies will be to en-
courage domestic manufactures; to cut off foreign
importations; and to drive this Government into" a
system of direct taxation. But,in the piogiessof
my remarks, it will be seen that 1 have less objec-
tion to the general tendencies of the bill, than to its
particular features. Any tariff would have the
same general tendencies; lut a more moderate
tariff would hasten the same results less rapidly.
1 am opposed to this bill; but I am not unfriendly
to manufactures, and never have been, but have al-
ways been friendly to them. I have seen many of
them flourish in our country, and have taken great
pleasure in doing so; and I hope that such as can
be made profitable will continue to flourish. The
manufacture of those things which we are com-
pelled to have during a state of war, we should en-
courage at any expense, and at all hazards.
I am opposed to a tariff: but we necessarily have
one; and, while that is the case, a fair protection
will be given to our manufactures generally. But
that tariff which will give the most revenue, under
existing circumstances, will give as much protec-
tion as the manufacturing interest should ask for.
Too high a tariff will lead to results unfavorable
to the manufacturing interests themselves. A high
tariff will reduce our revenue too much, and force
us too soon to direct taxation, even for the manufactu-
ring interests. It will lorce into existence manu-
factures which cannot be profitable except under a
high tariff, and which must be abandoned when
we are driven to direct taxation.
The lowest revenue standard is the highest pro-
tection that should be asked. The expense of im-
porting foreign merchandise cannot be less than ten
per cent., and often reaches fifteen. If it reaches
only ten, this is a protection of ten per cent to our
domestic manufactures. If our tariff be only twen-
ty per cent., this, added to the expense of import-
ing, will make a protection of at least thirty per
cent. This ought to be enough. But this pro-
tection has always been much more, and, under
tljis bill, will be greatly more—not less than forty
or forty-five per cent., on an average; and, on
many articles, one hundred per cent.
The cultivation of the soil is the great leading
employment in our country. Almost every man
who has no employment more profitable, engages in
agriculture.* Almost every man who engages in
any trade, or traffic, or speculation, or manufacture,
does so because he believes it more profitable than
cultivating the soil. And a great question in this
discussion is, whether me should make other pursuits
more profitable than agriculture. We are not
forced into the manufacturing system for want of
land to cultivate. We shall have plenty of room
for all our population for years to come, and much
to spare.
By our last census, we have 3,717,750 persons
engaged in agriculture. Of all the other classes,
but 978,651 have employments. Of this number,
15,203 are engaged jn mining; 117,575 in com-
merce; 50,025 in navigating the ocean; 33,067 in
navigating canals and rivers; 65,236 engaged in
the learned professions; and 791,545 in manufac-
tures and trades. The population engaged in agri-
culture is ab'out five times as great as that engaged
in manufactures and trades both together. All the
other interests of the country hear but a small pro-
portion to the agricultural. It is the leading employ-
ment in point of numbers; and they have the power
to say—if they choose to say it—whether they will
be taxed to support other classes, or not; and, if so,
then how much. The tax on imported goods is a
tax on the people at large, and a protection to the
manufacturers, at least to the amount of the tax.
We must have a revenue. If \vc raise it by a
tax on importations generally, then we must pro-
tect manufactures to the extent of the tax on manu-
factured articles. More protection than thisshould
not be asked. If any description of manufac-
tures is more profuab e in our Government than
agriculture—our great leading employment—then
that description of manufacture can be put into
operation, and can be encouraged and made to pros-
per, without the aid and protection of Government.
If any description of manufactures is only equally
profitable witli agriculture, then that description of
manufacture may be put into operation, and made
to flourish as well as agriculture itself, without the
aid and protection of the Government. If anv de-
scription of manufacture be less profitable than
agriculture, that can be put into operation and
made to flourish only by taxiugagriculture, and the
more profitable descriptions of manufactures, and
other pursuits, to such an extent as to protect the
unprofitable manufactures.
The tax we have been in the habit of levying on
imported goods for revenue, has operated, to the
extent of that tax, as a protection to domestic man-
ufactures. If the tax for revenue be twenty per
cent., then those manufactures which are twenty
per cent, less profitable than agriculture can
be put into operation, and made to flourish as well
as agriculture. If any description of manu-
facture requires more protection than twenty per
cent., then the question may well begin to arise,
whether this manufacture is not costing the other
pursuits of the country more than it is worth. We
must have revenue; and, while we continue the
system of imposts, we must give protection; but
that protection should not be made to cost us too
much.
It is wrong to impose taxes upon profitable em-
ployments, to encouiage unprofitable employments;
to drive capital from'profitable investments to un-
profitable investments; to drive people from prof-
itable labor to unprofitable labor. When the Gov-
ernment does so, the country suffers a clear loss
of the difference in the value ofthe employments,
and of the expense in making the exchange from
one employment to the other. When she does so,
she acts the part of an unwise and foolish Gov-
ernment, and retards her own progress to great-
ness, and that of her people to happiness and
wealth. Her interference with the labor and in-
dustry ofthe country may enrich a few of her
citizens; but, m proportion as partial legislation
enriches a few—and, perhaps, in a still greater pro-
portion—it will impoverish the balance. And,
what is still worse her influence, when exercised,
operates for the benefit of the wealthy, and to the
injury of the poor. If she interferes at all in the j
employments of her citizens, her interference !
should operate in the other direction. It would i
be better to distribute the abundance inthecoffeis •
of the rich, among the poor and the needy, than to :
extract the pittances from the pockets of the poor, [
to be hoarded in the coffers of the rich. But the
Government should interfere with neither. Hands
should be kept off. Each should be allowed to seek
the employment which nature and circumstances,
unconnected with pan'al legislation, have rendered
most profitable; and each should be allowed to reap
the full fruits of his own industry and labor. Give
every man an equal chance. God, no doubt, wills
that each should have fair play. One part of us
should claim no advantage over the balance of our
countrymen; and the balance of us should submit
to no inequality which God himself has not cre-
ated. We should submit quietly to no law which
gives to one part of our community advantages, or
privileges, or immunities, which the balance of us
do not enjoy; and we should oppose all laws which
tend to create distinctions, whether in wealth, or in
rank, or in titles. As a general rule, the Govern-
ment should aid no class of her citizens, when she
must do it at the expense of other classes, no matter
how large or how small. No one part of our coun-
try, and no one class of our citizens, should be made
subservient to another.
I am opposed to this bill—first, because it is pro-
hibiiory; second, because it contains the minimum
principle; third, because it taxes sugar, and coffee,
and salt; fourth, because the general rale of duties
is too high for the purposes of revenue; fifth, be-
cause it proposes to repeal the twenty per cent,
clause in the distribution act! sixth, because under
this, as well us under any other tariff, the taxes
collected are not in proportion to the property pro-
tected—the poor often paying as tnucnas the rich,
and frequently more; and, seventh, because of all
others, the system of imposts is the most expensive,
and consequently the most oppressive, system of tax-
ation.
1. This bill prohibits the importation of many
articles. So far, it is unconstitutional. No power
is granted to this Government to prohibit the im-
portation of foreign goods. And this Government
can do only what she is empowered to do by ihe
Constitution. It is otherwise with the State Gov-
ernments : they can do whatever they are not
restrained by tlien constitution from doing. If the
people ol a State had no constitution, their Legisla-
ture would be unrestiained, and could do anything
in the power of a legislative body to do. But our
Slates have constitutions, and these constitutions
restrain the action ofthe Slate Legislatures, by pre-
scribing what they shall not do; but leave them the
power to do everything which a legislative body
can do, except those things which the constitutions
prohibit them from doing. Not so with Congress-
tile Legislature of the United States. She can ex-
ercise only such powers as are delegated to her by
the Constitution of the United States. If any rea-
sonable doubt had ever existed on this point, that
doubt should have been forever settled by the tenth
amendment to the Constitution. This amendment
provides that " the powers not delegated to the
United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited
by it to the States, arc reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the people." No powers are vested
in this Government, except such as are "delegated
to the United Stales by the Constitution." No pow-
er is jriven to prohibit the importation of goods.
The power given to Congress on the subject of
taxation is "to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises; to pay the debts, and provide for
the common defence and general welfare ofthe
United States." Taxes must be laid and collected .
"to pay the debts and provide for the common de-
fence and general welfare," and not to preventthe
importation of merchandise; and by that means to
give aid to the manufacturers, or any other partic-
ular class. If taxes are to be laid "to pay debts,"
then they must be laid to collect revenue, else no
"debts" can be paid. But taxes, duties, and im-
posts, laid to prohibit the importation of merchan-
dise, are not intended to collect revenue "to pay
debt-,;" and do not collect revenue, but prevent the
collection of revenue; and are, therefore, uncon-
stitutional.
2. This bill is odious, because it contains the mini-
mum principle. On cotton manufactures, this hill
fixes a duty of thirty per cent, ad valorem. The
expression "ad valorem" does not mean, under
this bill, according to actual value, bat according to
the valve which the bill fixes on an article. But
the language of the hill explains itself. It provides
"that all manufactures of cotton, or of which cot-
ton shall be a component part, not dyed, colored,
printed, or stained, not exceeding in value twenty
cents per square yard, shall be valued at twenty
