236
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1842.
27th Cong-"-3d Sess.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
foreign article will be excluded; because that can-
not be sold for less than the cost and tax—the 26
cents per yard; and, at this point, this article ceases
to yield any revenue to the Government; and the
tariff, as to this article, becomes purely protective
—prohibitory—and not a tariff for revenue. If, by
the aid of a tariff to inci ease the price of the im-
ported article, the domestic article can be made to
supply the demand, and to sell for less than the
imported arlicle, the domestic article will utterly
exclude the foreign article. At this point, the con-
stitutional object of a tariff—that of raising rev-
enue "to pay the debts, and provide for the common
defence and general welfare"—totally ceases. I
give this example, and but this one. The same re-
marks apply to other protected articles as well as
this.
By this bill, the manufacturer has 6 cenis bounty,
o'r protection, on the yard of cotton cloth worth 20
cents. This is 30 per cent. The protection on
some articles is less than 30 per cent.; on some
largely over—say 100 per cent.; and, on many,
greatly over that. Even cottons which, ostensibly,
are taxed but 30 per cent., are, in reality, many of
them, taxed 100 per cent, and more. Let us, how-
ever, assume 30 per cent, as the average protection
or bounty.
Ourstatistical tables for 1840 give, as the amount
of cotton manufactures for that year, $46,350,453.
At an average of 12 cents to the yard, this sum would
give us 386,253,941 yards. At (> cents per yard,
this amount would give the manufacturers of cot-
ton $23,115,230 of protection or bounty. And this
sum is paid to the manufacturer by the people who
use the domestic inanulactuied aiticle, while those
who use the foreign article pay the revenues of the
Government.
These same tables show that the woollens manu-
factured in the United States in 1810 were esti-
mated at$'20,696,999. The tanff on woollens is 10
per cent., and 40 per cent, on this sum is $.8,2*8,709.
And this sum the consumers of woollens pay tothe
manufacturers of woollen goods, as protection or
bounty. Let it never be forgotten, here or else-
where, that on these immense bounties the con-
sumers generally pay profits still more immense. I
specify but these two out of the multitude of pro-
tected articles. I can only give examples.
I have not made the examination myself, but my
honorable friend from Alabama [Mr, D. li. LkwihJ
states to me that the whole catalogue of protected
articles amounted, in 1810, to §395,000,000. I think
this an over-estimate; but no matter. The princi-
ple can be seen. Thirty per cent, upon this sum
is ©108,500,000; and, if the amount of protected arti-
cles be not overrated, then the people who buy and
consume these articles pay to the manufacturers
$108,500,000 in the shape of protection or bounty.
The profits which accumulate upon this bounty,
before the goods get into the hands of the consumer,
must not be forgotten. If there be any truth in
these calculations, we can seethereinonecause,and
a prominent cause, of the deep distress and embar-
rassment pervading the land.
As 383,702 inhabitants (the population of Mis-
souri) is to 17,000,000 of inhabitants, (the popula-
tion of the United States,)so is.the portK-rrof'boun-
ty paid by Missouri for protection to $108,500,000,
the amount paid by (he Union By this rule, the
amount ofbounty paid by Missouri on protected ar-
ticles, supposing her to pay only in proportion as
the other States pay, is $2,461,098. If we add the
profits on this bounty, and calculate them as we
have before calculated these profils, we shall have
$6,337,410 as the amount ofbounty and profits on
bounty, to be paid by the people of" Missouri. But,
in the West, we should do the manufacturer injus-
tice to fix the profits on his goods as high as on for-
eign goods. The domestic goods do not pass
through as many hands as the foreign goods, be-
fore they get to the consumer in the West, and con-
sequently do not accumulate as many profits.
I have said this much, to show that the system of
imports wa«, of all modes of taxation, the roost ex-
pensive, and consequently the most oppressive on
the West.
For the reasons- thus given, I am opposed to this
bill; and, for a part of these reasons—the partwhich
must exist against any tariff—I am forced to be-
lieve that the system of imposts is an injurious, op-
pressive, and unwise mode of collecting revenue.
My figures may not be exactly accurate; but, if
they are not, in most cases they will be found rather
to range under than over the mark. Every man
should look into this matter. We know there is
immense suffering all over the country. We are
always at work; we are always in want; we are al-
ways in debt; and we are always oppressed. Much
the largest portion of our population know all these
things. Only a few—those who are born to for-
tunes, and are fortunate enough to retain them—
are ignorant of these things. There ai e some who
never knew what it was to work, to want, to be in
debt, to suffer, or to be oppressed; but the great
mass of the people know all these things well.
Work, want, debt, suffering, and oppression, are
known all over the land. There must be some
cause for it. It may be, we are taxed too heavily.
W e should examine.
But, if taxed heavily, we are told we do not
feel the tariff, because we do not know we pay it.
This may be our sad mistake: no doubt it is. Ev-
ery man feels it, and most grievously too; and the
poor man, on whom the heaviest tariff falls, feels it
most- but, unfortunately for him, although he knows
he feels something sorely, yet he does not know
what it is he feels. He knows he is hurt, but does
not know the thing that hurts him. He feels the
wound, but does cot know whence the arrow sped.
It will he agreed that the sick man is none the bet-
ter off, and suffers none the less, in consequence of
not knowing the character of his disease. And
the man who pays the tariff, and the profits on the
tariff, is none the better off for thinking it the cost,
and profit on the cost; or for knowing nought about
it. The man who thinks his disease is light, but
finds it at length the cholera, will run the risk of
dying; and the man who thinks his tax is light, but
finds it out to be the tariff, will run the i isk of being
ruined.
Every man feels the operation of the tariff. He
feels it in whatever he eats, drinks, or \jears. No
man escapes the tariff. Every man, woman, and
child in the land is affected by it. None can escape.
Every being that eats its salt is affected by it. His
saltjs taxed nearly half its value. Every family
uses sugar and coffee : these are taxed by this bill.
Almost every man, who does not wear fine linen,
buys his cotton shirt: if coarse, this is taxed 100
per cent.; if line, 50. The young men buy cloth
coats- these are taxed 40 percent. When their
coats cost them 25 dollars, 10 dollars of the price is
tax, and profits on tax. Coots, hats, shoes, axes,
oes, plouhghs, flannels, blankets, calicoes, and ev-
erything else, are taxed, (a few free articles except-
ed)—and these, many of them, fur the benefit of
the manufacturer. We pay this tax as much as we
would a direct tax; we feel this tax as much as we
would a direct tax. More: we pay this lax, and
these profits on this tax; there are no profits on a di-
rect tax. And yet we take the indirect, and are
afraid to meet a direct tax I
Let no man deceive himself, by supposing that
he escapes the tax, because it is indirect. Let no
man suppose he does not feel it, because he does
not notice it, on every item on which he pays it.
In my State, let him look into the justices' courts,
. into the county courts, into the circuit courts, where
debts are collected. Let him examine the number
of suits. Let him examine the accounts on which
these suits are founded. Let him examine the
Items of thesen-ceounts-, and tee Uow many are for
tariffed articles, and how much they are taxed. If
the debt has been liquidated, and the suit be found-
ed on a note or bond, let him ask the parties what
character of articles made up the debt. Let him
inquire how much cost accumulates in the suit,
and what part of that is properly chargeable to the
tariff. Let him inquire if the defendant could not
have paid the debt, if it had been 100 per cent, less,
50 per cent, less, 40 per cent, less, 30 per cent, less,
or even 20 per cent. less. The tariff on the debts
for merchandise will generally equal the smaller
sums, and often the larger sums, If, after these
inquiries, any man still doubts whether the people
feel the tariff or not, then let him see the judgment
rendered, the execution issued, the property levied
on and saciificed, the wives and children turned
out of house and home; and then let him say
whe'her the indirect system of taxation is felt or
not. I have no doubt half the suits in the West—
probably eight out of ten. large and small—are for
merchandise. Those who escape for a while are
eventually worn down with the tax, and the
profits on the tax; and then they are brought
within the clutches of the merchant; and the
Western merchant himself does not escape his
higher merchant. Our courts all over the
West, and everywhere else, are filled with suits.
The great body of the people have no comfort.
They are suffering, mentally and physically, and
all the time, with pecuniary embarrassments. They
avoid their creditors; they dread the approach of
an officer; they are afraid to hear their own dogs
bark; the hair rises on their heads when they hear
their gates turning upon their hinges. In every
visiter they look for a dun or an officer. They
have no ease, and no peace, and no comfort. This
is the case with too many of our citizens. The
cause should be removed. We can remove causes,
if we cannot apply remedies. We have no reme-
dies, except the removal of causes.
In the West, we feel the tariff heaviest, and there
it operates most oppressively. In Missouri it is
worse than in Illinois; in Illinois, worse than in
Indiana; in Indiana, worse than it is in Ohio; in
Ohio, worse than in Pennsylvania; in the western
part of Pennsylvania, worse than in Philadelphia.
In other words, the farther you get from the port
of entry, the more onerous will be the operation of
the tariff. The profits on a tariff will generally
increase in proportion to the length of time which
elapses, and the number of hands through which
the taxed article passes, between the payment of the
tariff at the custom-house by the importer, and the
sale of the article to the consumer in the country,
who pays the cost, the tariff, the profits on cost, and
the profils on tariff, all in a lump. The tariff sys-
tem, then, operates less heavily upon the importing
States than upon the interior and Western States.
The whole operation of the tariff is calculated
to give the manufacturing regions advantage over
the agricultural. The labor of the agriculturist,
and of other classes too, is taxed; and that tax is
given to the manufacturer. A constant stream of
wealth is thus flowing from the agricultural re-
gions into the manufacturing regions. However
slow and imperceptible this operation maybe, it
will ill time have its effect; and that effect will be,
to enrich one portion of the Union, by impoverish-
ing the other—to enrich the manufacturi«g region,
at the expense of the agricultural region. The
great inducement held out by the high protective
character of this tariff, and the utter folly and mad-
ness of investing capital in bank stocks, railroads,
and other wild and visionary schemes, for the
future, will givegreat encouragement to manufac-
tories. Every description of articles which can be
manufactured in our own country at an expense
not absolutely unreasonable, wiil, in a few years,
be made in sufficient abundance to supply all out
wants, and to exclude the foreign article of the
same character altogether. The effect of this will
be to cut off the importation of nearly all the goods
on which the revenues of the Government are
now collected The list of articles paying no duty
underthis bill is estimated at $13,000,000. A slight
tariff would prohibit the importation of most of
these articles. From these, and the remnant of
other articles which may be imported, not manu-
factured in our own country, a sufficiency of rev-
enue cannot be collected to defray the expenses of
Government. Then another effect of this tariff
will be to cut us out of a revenue from imports.
But we must have a revenue to keep the wheels of
Government in motion. If we cannot get that rev-
enue by a system of imposts, then we must be
driven to some other system. This is necessarily
the ease; and we cannot help it, except by reducing
the tariff, and suffering the importation of more
foreign merchandise. To effect this, the reduc-
tion would have to be very large. We shall
be driven to another system to supply our treasury,
and the system of excises is out of the question.
We ^hall have nothing left, then, but a resort to
direct taxation. The high tariff will drive us to
this system; and this will be another effect of this
high protective tariff. It may be fortunate, how-
ever, for the country, if this result follows. The
system of direct taxation may prove our greatest
blessing.
The high tariff is driving us to direct taxation.
The withdrawal of capital from the banks, and
wild schemes of internal improvements, and the
large profits from manufacturing, will cause heavy
investments in that business. Thegreat reduction
in the amount of the circulating medium wiil re-
duce the price of everything; the price of labor
must fall, and the price of all the ingredients used
in manufacturing must fall; it is not in the power
of man to prevent it. This fall in prices will be a
protection to the domestic, against the foreign man-
ufactures. The high prices which everything
commanded here a few years back made us the
market for the balance of the world. We bought
