Jiily, 184a. 
27th Cong....3b Suss.
afprndix to thte congressional globe.
Sat
The Tariff Bill—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps
almost everything, and sold nearly nothing. Our
present low prices will reverse the order of things.
We shall now sell, and measurably cease to buy.
: We shall manufacture extensively, and greatly di-
minish our imports. Our revenue from imports
must then fall.
: The result of all this must be to drive us eventu-
: ally into a system of direct taxation. It is idle and
foolish, and worse than madness, to shut our eyes
against this fact. The day Is not far distant, when,
no matter how much a majority of us may regret
it, we shall be compelled to realize it. And, for my
part, I can see no good reason why we should wish
to avert that day; or even why we should not wel-
come, instead of dreading its approach, [t some-
times happens that apprehended evils prove our
greatest blessings; and it may be so with the system
, of direct taxation.
He is blind who cannot see coming events by the
shadows which precede them. He is unwise and
cowardly who shuts his eyes at what might be
seen approaching, because he dreads the object.
We should not shut our eyes against the light
which blazons forth the truth, but should look at
all things as they present themselves, and meet
them fearlessly and manfully. So we should meet
this question of direct taxation, to which high pro-
tective tariffs are driving us at a gallopping pace.
No doubt about it. Our protection enables us to
manufacture for ourselves. By manufacturing for
ourselves, we exclude foreign imports; by excluding
foreign imports, we cut off our revenue from im-
posts; by cutting off our revenue from imposts, we
; are driven to direct taxation. This is inevitable.
Excises are out of the question. The present tariff
= will not yield a sufficient revenue for the wants of
the Government; it is too high; it will check im-
portations too far.
If, then, we are to be driven to the system of
direct taxation, we should begin to look at that sys-
tem calmly and dispassionately, and like rational
men. It may not be the worst; it may be the
best; it has many advocates. It may be the simplest,
cheapest, and safest system. It cannot be more
expensive than the system of imposts. The ex-
pense ol collecting direct taxes will, no doubt, be
greatly less than that of collecting imposts. We
have before seen that 7£ per cent, was the ex-
pense of collecting imposts. This is the amount
paid simply for collecting. Then we have seen
the profits paid upon the tariff. On the Western
people these profits amount to one hundred and
fifty-seven per cent. Many of the States collect
their revenue—by direct taxation too—for less than
even 7 per cent. Then, between the two systems,
there is no comparison in the expense of collecting.
But the revenue for this Government, under a
system of direct taxation, ought to be collected
at much less expense than the revenue for the
State Governments. The State of Missouri pays
about 870,000 annually to support her Govern-
ment. Her portion of the revenue of this Gov-
ernment is $609,232. The State of Connecticut
pays about $80,000 annually for her Government.
Her portion of the revenue of this Government
is about $000,000. These two cases occur to me
at this moment. The other States pay for their
' own support, and the support of this Government,
in about the same proportion. Let me say this
disproportion is immense, and that it is an evi-
dence of the great evil of having a Government
too independent of the people. Our rulers should
be kept close to their constituents, and held ac-
countable.
The 170,000 of State revenue paid in Missouri,
and the 3609,232 of United States revenue paid
in Missouri, are paid by precisely the same peo-
ple. If both sums were paid by direct taxes, the
collector of each sum would call upon precisely
the same number of men, and the same men.
The trouble of collecting the $70,000, then, would
be precisely the trouble of collecting the $009,232.
Only one difference would exist. In the former
ease, it would be less; in the latter, the responsi-
bility would be greater. But this would not be im-
portant. If the trouble of collecting the two sums
would be about the same, then the expense of col-
lecting the two ought to be about the same. Then,
if the $70,000 can be collected for about (say) 7
Per cent., $609,232 ought to be collected for even
less than one per cent. What a result! Allow
even 5 per cent, for the expense of collecting,
apd the direct system would still be cheaper than
the indirect, omitting the profits on the tariff.
l?ut the value of a system of direct taxes must
depend much upon the machinery by which it is
managed. The prejudices against the system
once m operation, may have had their origin in
the imperfections of the laws by which that system
was managed. In many instances, this was, no
doubt, true. There is surely nothing frightful in
the simple fact of knowing that we pay a few dol-
lars to support our Government. In being cheated
out of ten times as much, I can see nothing so ex-
quisitely delightful, which should make us cling to
a system of indirect taxation. The people wit I not,
when it becomes necessary, refuse to pay taxes di-
rectly in proportion to the value of their property.
Iam sure of this. They are doing this verv thing
now in almost every State in the Union. They do
not complain when the taxes are reasonable and
right. If the taxes are too hjgh, the knowledge of
that fact is brought to the notice of the people when
they are called on to pay; and they correct the evil
through their Representatives. This is a dccided
benefit resulting from this system. It would be a
great corrective of abuses and extravagances if
applied to this Government.
I can see no difference in principle between pay-
ing direct taxes to the State Governments and di-
rect taxes to this Government. The taxes are paid
in the same coin; they are levied in the same pro-
portion; they are collected by the same sort of offi-
cers. They differ only in amount. We do not
complain of State taxes. They are direct. Why,
then, complain of taxes for this Government, if
they should ever be direct'! The people will not
complain of them, simply because they arc direct;
but, if they do complain, it will be of their immense
weight. Of this they will be right to complain.
But the distinction should be clearly drawn, that
this is not a complaint against the system of direct
taxation, but against the weight of the taxes them-
selves.
In the West, (unless my system of calculating be
incorrect,) there would be an immense saving to
the people, by exchanging the indirect for the di-
rect system of taxation. We should save, first, the
difference between the expense of collecting—say
four or five per cent.; and we should save, second,
all the profits on the indirect taxes, which amoum,
as far west as Missouri, to 157 per cent. In this
State, we should then pay, simply, $009,232 of
taxes; and from this would be deducted 1 per cent,
(and perhaps something upwards) for collecting,
instead of7j per cent. Under the direct system,
we should pay the $609,232, without paying any
profits on it; instead of paying $958,922 profits, as
we now do, under the indirect system. The same
observations apply to other States—if not in the
same proportion, at least to a great extent.
I have said that the people would not object to
pay direct taxes when it became necessary to
do so, if they were reasonable and right. They
pay direct taxes to the States, and do not complain;
and this is in no way different from paying direct
taxes to this Government. Bat the people of
Missouri pay only about $70,000 of taxes for
State purposes, and $009,232 for this Government.
Connecticut pays but about $80,000 for State pur-
poses, and about $600,000 to this Government. The
people of Missouri, although accustomed to pay
370,000 State revenue annually, and by direct taxes,
might be somewhat astounded when called on for
SG09,232 in direct taxes. And Connecticut, accus-
tomed to pay only about 380,000, would be some-
what astounded when called on to pay $600,000 in
the shape of direct taxes It is urged as an argu-
ment against diiect taxation, that the people would
repudiate when they discovered the amount they
had to pay. The exposure of the burdens heaped
on the shoulders of the people is the best argument
in favor of direct taxes. They would repudiate—
not the Government, nor the system of taxation;
but the expenses and extravagance of the Govern-
ment. When we are driven to direct taxation, a
full exposure of these burdens will follow; and
then every man will learn what he has to pay to-
wards supporting his Government; and then, and
probably not till then, will commence a proper sys-
tem of reform and retrenchment in this Govern-
ment. This exposure should be made. We should
perpe uate noroysteries in our Government. Every-
thing should be laid bare io the people. The light
of day should be thrown on everything'.
It is urged against direct taxes, and in favor of
indirect taxes, that a.man may escape the latter if
he chooses. Let no man deceive himself by sup-
posing that he eludes the taxes because they are
indirect. If he neither eats, drinks, works with
tools, nor wears any clothes, then he may escape
them; but if he wears clothes, works, drinks, or
eats, he is apt to pay his part of the taxes. Every
man, woman, and child in the land, of every age,
color, and sex, is taxed under this bill. Ourh'orses,
our cattle, our sheep—everything using salt is tax-
ed under this bill. We pay the tax on our setlt, on
our coffee, on our sugar, on our tea, on our hats,
our boots, ourshoes, our coats, our shirts; on our
hoes, on our ploughs, on our axes, on our spades;
on almost everything we use, we pay this tax; and
we should never forget the profits we pay on this
tax. Let no man, if any be so mean and so ig-
nob'e as to wish to avoid his share of tax, deceive
h'mself bv supposing he escapes this tax, unless
it be the manutactuier, who uses his own, and not
the imported article. The manufacturer does es-
cape, so far as he consumes his own article; but no
further.
It may be wrong to answer such an argument as
this, li anv, there can be bul few men in our Gov-
ernment who would be willing to escape paying
their quota of taxes. No man should be so unpa-
triotic as to wish to escape the payment of the tax-
es justly due the Government which protects his
life, his liberty, and his property. Every man
should be proud to pay the reasonable taxes due
his Government; and every man of proud and pa-
triotic heart will do so. He is an ignoble son who
would skulk from 1ns just share of the burdens of
his country ,at any time, or of any kind. We should
banish, but never encourage or countenance, such
an idea. The people will not repudiate. They
are too patriotic for that. They would demand a
correction of abuses, and enforce a reduction of
expenditures. This would be right.
The increase of Executive patronage is urged
against direct taxes. This is no objection to the
system, because it does not necessarily exist. An
increase of patronage is easily avoided; and a great
diminution in the amount of patronage now exer-
cised, as easily effected. The Executive patronage
would only be increased by giving him the power
of appointing the assessors and collectors of the
revenue. It would be wrong to give him this pow-
er; and he would find no pleasure in exercising it.
Each State has her collection districts already or-
ganized. This Government could adopt the same
districts. In some of the Slates, the people of the
collection districts, or counties, now elect their own
assessois and collectors. This plan is found to work
well. It is the Democratic plan; and all parties
are now Democratic. It is the best plan, and this
Government should adopt it. This would cut off
all Executive patronage, and obviate that objection.
If we should ever collect the whole of our revenue
by direct taxes—and when we are driven to thatsys-
tem, it will be best to do s® to avoid the expense of'
keeping up two systems—then we can dispense with
the whole custom-house establishment, and all the
fraud and corruption connected with it. This
would cut off from the Executive the appointment
of the host of custom house officers, while it would
cleanse the Government of a rotten system of taxa-
tion. And this would be an immense curtailment
of Executive patronage.
The election of assessors and collectors provides
for the collection of the revenue. Nothing is more
simple,andplain, andeasyof comprehension. "We
see it every day at home. The balance of the
system is carried out easily. Nothing remains,
after collecting, but to pay the money out according
to the order of the Government. The custom-
houses are scattered all over the Union, and so are
the revenues under the system of imposts. Under
a system of direct taxes, the collectors will be
scattered all over the Union, and so will be the
revenue collected by them. In either case, this
Government has to provide the means of trans-
mitting her funds to the proper points. The mail
belongs to this Government; every man in the com-
munity transmits his money by mail, so could the
collectors of the revenue. The Government should
take the risk of herown conveyance. If this would
not do, this Government could have a depository
in each State. Either plan would be simple and
cheap, and the details easily arranged.
There are manvreasons m favorof a system of
direct taxation. My mind has been impelled ia
that direction for years, and by a furce which has
thus far been utterly irresistible, I have endeavored
to combat it; but so strong have been the argu-
ments m its favor, that I have been unable to do so.
I differ from many of my political friends oti this
subject; and from many, and perhaps a majority 3 of
