July, I84S.
u—
2?th CONS *. 3D S^SC.
ApBNPlX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
anoSh-er tribunal if your decisioo be against us.
But we wish to be saved the necessity of goirg to
another tribunal; and we invoke your justice and
yonr magnanimity, and ask you lo save us that
necessity, by giving us a decision according to the
law and the facts of the case.
The Committee on Territories admits that this
question, "so far as the rights of Missouii are in-
volved, is peculiarly for the judgment of the courts-
but the authorities, both of the State and Territory'
have repeatedly referred it to Congress, andbe-
soiigrhi its decision. The action ot the National
Legislature cannot conclude Missouri, but it will
be-binding on Iowa, though it should concede some-
thing of her rights to her adversary in this con-
troversy." See page 11, doc. 791, 2d sess. 27th
Cong. This opinion, advanced by the committee
fa clearly right, lam, therefore, sa ved the neces-
sity of proving this point.
This is not a case in which Missouri is one party
and Iowa the other. Iowa is not directly a partv
in the case at all. It is a case in which the State
pfMissouri is one party, and the United States the
other. The territory m dispute belongs to the
State of Missouri, or else it belongs to the United
States. If it belongs to the State, you have no
power over it; if it dees not belong in the State, then
you can do what you please with it. That speck
of it which does not already belong lo the Indians
you can sell even to thera to-morrow, if you choose'
if the territory be your*, and not ours, "if it be not
ours, yoa have complete control over it, and you
will continue to have till Iowa becomes a State
and then you can give it to her if you choose!
Iowa expects to get it, and for this reason is inter-
ested in your retaining it. This is ali the interest
she has in the case.
The case is one, then, of singular character: the
State isone party, and you ate the other party; and
yet the State asks you to decide the matter. And
not exactly to decide the matter either. We cali
upon you, rather to settle it; and you have the power
to do so. We say the territory is ours, andnot yotas.
We call upon you to acknowledge our right to terri-
tory which we claim tobeour own, and to renounce
your claim to territory to which we contend you
have no title. If you'iefuse to do so, this does not
prevent us from applying to the courts of justice.
This is the nature ot the case.
The boundary in dispute is that between the State
of Missouri and the Territory of Iowa—being the
northern boundary of the former, and the southern
boundary ofthe latter. The State of Missouri in-
sists upon a line which runs with the parallel of
latitude passing through the rapids of the river
Des Moines, at the Great Bend in said river. The
Committee on Territories insists that the true
boundary runs through the "Des Moines rapids,"
in the Mississippi river; but as this line would cut
deep into our counties, the committee, nut of abun-
dant mercy to the State, agrees to give us the old
Indian boundary line run by John C. Sullivan in
1816, four years before the State Government was
formed. This line runs much nearer to the one
claimed by Missouri than that which the commit-
tee says is the true line. But the committee says
this Indian line is not, and cannot be, the true line.
This is an admission, at once, that they have not
decided the case according to the law and the facts.
Let them not say that they have done us more
than justice. We understand that, and will inquire
into it.
The territory in dispute—that lying between these
two lines—-the line claimed by'Missouri and the
old Indian line—at the eastern end, next the Des
Moines river, is over eight, and less than nine
miles wide; and at the western end, next the Mis-
souri river, about thirteen miles wide. The whole
territory in dispute embraces about 2,616 square
miles. Of this tract of country, about one-six-
teenth, being about nine miles average in width,
by an average of about eighteen miles in length,
containing about four and a half congressional
townships, and a population of 1,500 or 2000 per-
sons, has been ceded by the Indians to the United
States. This one-sixtee"nth your committee magni-
fies into "near one-third of the territory now m dis-
pute." But this is by no means their largest blun-
der. The remaining fifteen-sixteenths of ihe dis-
puted territory are still in p . -e^on of the Indians,
and have no population to be affected by the ulti-
mate decision of this ease.
The people already in the disputed territory went
there with a lull knowledge ofthe existence of this
Controversy; and, of course, with a determination
to abide the result. In fact, many of them may
have gone with the hope and the expectation that
this country was part of the State ot Missouri
Hut, no matter what they expected, you should de-
cide this case, not a.s a question of expediency but
according to the law and the facts oi the case
Any other decision must be unjust, and cannot be
submitted to by Missouri.
In the progress of this discussion, we should
bear in mind an important distinction between a
Territory and a State. The former is a sort of
preparatory grade of government. The latter is a
complete and perfect government The jurisdic-
tion of the former is fixed by this Government-
and may be altered or changed, mlarced or di-
minished, at any moment, by Congress. The ju-
risdiction ot the latter is fixed, in the case of Mis-
souri, by the Stale constitution, and cannot be
changed or altered, enlarged or diminished bv
Congress. The territory of the former is fixe'l by
an act of Congress, and can be enlarged or cur-
tailed by Congress. The tei/'iiory of the latter is
fixed bv the Constitution, and cannot he enlarged
or diminished by an act of Congress. °
The 6th day of March, 18*20, Congress passed an
act authorizing the people of Missouri Territorv to
form a constitution and State Government. This
act prescribed boundaries for the State to be formed.
The 19th day of June, 1830. nearly four months af-
terward*, the people of Missouri Territory formed
a constitution and Stale Government. This con-
stitution defined the boundaries of the "State of
Missouri.'' That section of the act of Congress
which describes the boundaries of the Territory
and that article ofthe constitution ofthe Stale which
describes the boundaries of the State, are in the
same words.* It is a curious and an interesting
question of law, that, notwithstanding both these in-
struments use the same words in describing the
boundaries, yet it becomes neees>aiy, in deciding
this case, to de.ermine whether the act of Congress
or the constitution oi the State is the paiamount in-
strument; whether the act of Congress or the con-
stitution of the Slate gives boundaries to the State.
Tho> question, yhtiher the actor the constitution
is the controlling instrument, becomes important,
because the great difficulty in settling this controver-
sy grows out of a latent ambiguity, both m the act
of Congress and in the constitution of ihe State;
and this difficulty is increased by an attempt to en-
large this ambiguity. The ambi^uih/ consists in
the expression, "the rapids ofthe river Des Moines,"
used both in the act of Congress nnd in the consti-
tution ofthe State. We have no evidence that, when
the constitution was adopted, more than one rapid
ofthe river Des Moines was known; but, by late
surveys, we ?scertain that there are several "rapids
ofthe river Des Moines;" and the difficulty now
consists in determining which of these "rapids of
the nrer Des Moines ' were railed for in the act of
Congress and the constitution of the Stale. The
enlargement of the aml/ignity—and which, beyond
all lquestion, is a very absurd one—consists in an
attempt to make the "rapids of the liver Des
Moines" mean the "Des Moines rapids" in ihe Mis-
sissippi tiver. Let me here say, that three miles
above the mouth of| the Des Moines river com-
mences a chain of rapids in the Mississippi river,
which extends up that rivet fourteen miles. These,
"Th© boundaries of'-Missouri Territory," as de?nibed in the
act of (Joruuess approved Maich (5, 1820, and of ihe ''State of
Missouri,'' as described in the corsutnium Of said Slate. adopted
Julv 19 1820, art described in the following wonV
"Beginning m the middle of the Mit^issippi rivet, on the
por.illf1! of 36 degt pes of north latitude; 'hence west, niong the
parallel of latitude, to the Sr. Francis liver; tbehcc up and
foliowirg the course of thnt liver, in the middle "f trie mam
chauiel (heieuf. e> the paialld (f latitude of36 degieos inJ 30
minntes; thencp \vp«% alone the; sair" , to a point" wheie the
said parallel is intersected by a roerixiiari line passing through
the midd!e cf 'lie mouth of the Kansas river, wheie the sime
empties mto the Missouri tivei; thence, from the point aforp*
said, north, alone the said meridian line, to the inflection f>fthe
para'lel of Utinide which parses thiough THE RAPIDS OF
THE RIVER DES MOINES, makin? the said line c.oru-Ppoi d
wuh the loi'wi boundary line: thence ost. from the po nt of
intersect'on bsta for^aid alone the said pairl iel ofU'iit.de, to
tht, middle ot the channel ot the mam foikoi 'he $«id merDes
M ~in^: tbenoe. down ant! afemg the mi"?c>|<? of th<- ma n chan-
nel of the said river Des M"ine*. totbe mou'li oi the same,
where it emoties into the Mississippi \ iver; t nerce, doe easf,
to the middle of ihe mam channel of the MKsis-ippt rivei;
thence d. wn and following the course of the Mississippi rivei,
m the middle of the mam channel thereof, (a tha place oi bo
ginning."
{Note.—Tlio f.ct of Congress and t'np coiqriMi'iori ofthe t?tafe,
m tar as the* de^riht-ihe bounrlarn?, diem the same woide,
wth thi« difference: In the constj'nt'en, >he wo-ds t4tKc <aid"
are tsttl for ihe wu>d "th it" mtufifc ; and die word-? '-to''
and "and'' in 'hp acf, are dropped m the coii$" tufion. but this is
immaterial, and does not change ihe boundaries,]
H. of Repf.
from their proximity to the mouth of the Des
Moines river, and to distinguish them from other
rapids in the Mississippi above, are called the "Des
Moines rapids," and have been so called forages.
The first rapids of any note in the Des Moines
river itself are about sixty miles above the mouth
of that river.
Thisambiguity, like other laient ambiguities, can
be explained by parol testimony. If the act of Con-
gress and the constitution of the State refer to the
same "rapios," then the explanation of ihe one is
the explanation of the other, and ihe testimony
of the same wiinesses -vvonld explain boih.' But
your committee decides that ihe act ot Congress
calls tor one "rapids," and we contend that the
constitution of the State calls for another "rapids;"
and if thi< be so, then the explanation of the one
will not be the explanation of the other; and it
will, consequently, become necessary to decide
which is the governing instrument—tvhich is to be
explained, the act or the constitution.
This explanation can be given only by those
who passed the act and the constitution, and those
who were otherwise connected with Ihe passage of
these instruments. If the act of Congress be the
controlling instrument, then the explanation must
come from members of Congress, and ihose con-
nected with the proceedings of Congress about
the time the act was passed; but if ihe constitution
of the Statp be Ihe controlling instrument, then
the explanation must come from the members of
the convention which framed the constitution, and
those connected with the proceedings of that con-
vention. It is hardly probaole that anybody else
knows or recollects anything about eith'et of them;
and these instruments can be explained in no other
way. It is probable that no member of Congress
recollects ruyihing about the meaning of the act,
except the delegate from the Territory of Missouri
himself. It is highly probable that no member
of' Congress, except the delegate referred to, knew
anything, at the time Ihe act was passed, about the
boundaries. At this time Florida is applying for
admission; and yet I am sure not one member in
this. House, when she is admitted into the Union,
will undei^tand her entire boundaries. Her dele-
gate prob.ibly will. It was still more fo the case
with Missouri. The delegate himself from that
Territory says he was unacquainted with the
country.
We must have Ihe testimony of those who know
what was intended by the ambiguous phrase.
Without that, a correct decision of this contro-
versy cannot well be given. Il is entirely com-
jinent to explain the ambiguity by parol testimony.
The Committee on Territories, m their argument
against us, have followed this course. They have
resorted to a letter of Pierre Chouteau, the case of
Louis Honore, and other evidence, to prove that
an American Congress, removed a thousand miles
from any French influence, had used the expres-
sion "rapid-, of the river Des Moines," when tbey
meant the "Des Moines rapids," in the Mississippi
river, simply because the French called the latter
"rapides de la riviEre Des Moines," Just here,,
however, as it suited their purposes, the committee
may have intended to treat the constitution as the
controlling instrument, and to lay the act of Con-
gress aside for awhile. That constitution was
made among the French at St. Louis; and, al-
though the convention was almost to a man Eng-
lish, yet it might be a little Frenchified. But the
committee should take the act of Congress for
their guide altogether; or else should drop it, and
take the constitution altogether; and not one, and
then the other, as it may suit their convenience.
But the committee introduces parol testimony, and
you are aciing on it. I claim the same right, and
shall, exercise it. But the question is yet to be
settled whether the act or the constitution is to con-
trol, and which is to be explained. Let us now ex-
amine that question, and then we will introduce our
evidence.
The act of Congress "authorizing the people of
Missouri Territory lo form a constitution and
S'ate Government" was passed on the 6th day of
March, 1820. The constitution of the State -was
"ordained and established" the 19th day of July,
1820—the same year—three months and upwards
after the passage of Ihe act aforesaid. The sec-
ond day of March, 1821—four days less than one
year after the passage of Ihe act of March 6th—
Congress passed a resolution providing "that Mis-
souri shall be admitted into the Union on an equal
