m
APPENDIX tO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
Juiy, 184£.
27th Coko ***30 Sess.
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
footing with the original States."* The act of
March 6,1820, and the resolution of March 2, 1821,
being each of them acts of Congress, are of equal
dignity. The latter, by admitting Missouri into
the Union, sanctions the constitution of that State;
and thus recognises that constitution as being of
equal dignity, also. If the three instruments he of
equal dignity, and any of their provisions clash,
then the latter must control the former, under the
general rule that, when laws conflict, the latter
must govern the former. If the boundaries pre-
scribed in the act of Congress differ from the bound-
aries prescribed in the constitution, then the latter
most govern the former, and must give boundaries
to the State. ,
The Territory of Missouri was one thing—the
State of Missouri is another thing. The Territory
existed under an act—the work of Congress. The
State exists under a constitution—the work of a
convention. The Territory of Missouri received
its boundaries under different acts of Congress, and
these boundaries were at one time larger, and at
another time less. They were least under the last
act. The State of Missouri received her bounda-
ries from her constitution, afterwards sanctioned by
an act of Congress; and these boundaries remain
the same, so far as this controversy involves them.
The Territory of Missouri was not admitted into
the Union. A Territory cannot become a member
of the Confederacy. The State of Missouri u-as
admitted into the Union. A State can become a
member of the Confederacy. Itwasnotthe Territo-
ry, but the State, which was admitted into the
Union; and, if it was not the Territory which was
admitted into the Union, then the act oi Congress
does not give boundaries to the State, because the
act of Congress onlv describes the boundaries of the
Territory; but, if it was the State which was admit-
ted into the Union, then the constitution does give
the boundaries, because that instrument describes
the boundaries of the State thus admitted.
The act of Congress did not describe the bounda-
ries of a State. It could not do so, because the
State did not then exist. The act described a cer-
tain tract of country, and authorized the people of
that country to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment. I admit that the act provided "that the
said State shall consist of all the territory included
within the following boundaries," and that it then
went on to describe the boundaries for a State. But
the convention had a right to adopt different bound-
aries in forming the State; and, although Congress
had prescribed boundaries, and had the power to
do so, yet she had a right to waive her boundaiies,
and to adopt those preset ibed bv the convention. In
this case, if there be any difference between the
boundaries prescribed by'the act and the constitu-
tion, then Congress ha--, by admitting Missouri into
the Union, sanctioned the latter, and waived the
former—has given up the boundaries as prescribed
in the act, and has assented to those prescribed in
the constitution. If so, the constitution governs
the boundaries, and not the act.
The act of Congress was merely directory. The
people of the Tenitory were not obliged to follow
it. They had the right to choose boundaries for
their own State, and to ask Congress to grant them
those boundaries. Their selection" erMundanes
amounted to nothing more than a mere choice,
without the sanction of Congiess, afterwards ob-
tained. It gave them no right to the boundaiies
selected by themselves, bccau^e the land belonged
to the United States. But the convention had the
right to describe the boundaries, and Congress had
the light to say you shall have those boundaries.
The convention did prescribe the boundaries, and
Congress did say you shall have those boundaries.
This settled the matter. Congress gave lip the
boundaries when she admitted the State of Mis-
souri into the Union. She admitted the State of
Missouri, not the Territory. There is no State of
Missouri but that described in the constitution of
the State. It consists of that tract of country
bounded by the constitution of that State. The act
'Extract ftomthe resolution admitting Missouri into the
Union,
'•That Missouri shall be| admitted iruo tins Union, on an
equal footing with the original St<ue&. in all respects whatever,
upon the fundamental condition that tlip fnmib rlause of the
twenty sixth section of the third article of the constitution, sub-
mitted on Use part of ss:id state to Uorigreps, shall never be con-
strued to authorize the passag.j of any law, and that no law
shall be passed m conformi'y ihercto, by which any citizen of
either of theS'ates of thisUnun shaU !>i excluded ftom the
enjoyment of the privileges and immimuiesto which such cit-
izen is entitled under the Const'tution of the United Scates "
[Approved, March 2, 1821.
of Congress describes a Territory, and does not de-
scribe a State. The constitution, then, must control,
and not the act.
I admit the lands belonged to the United States.
No question of that. Congress had the right to
give or withhold tliem. No doubt of that. She
had the right to say to the people about to form a
State, you shalltake these boundaries, and you shall
have no others. If the people then adopted differ-
ent boundaries, Congress had a right to say, we
will not admit you into the Union, because you
have not taken the boundaries we gave you. You
have adopted boundaries different from those we
prescribed for you. You must remodel your State
before we can admit you into the Union. You
must change the boundaries, and make them corres-
pond with those we prescribed foryou,before we can
admit you. This Congress could have done. But
if Congress chooses to admit the State, as she clear-
ly has the power to do, although the State has
adopted boundaries different from those which
Congress has prescribed for her, this admission
settles the question of boundaiies in favor of the
constitution, and forever puts that matter to rest. If,
then, the boundaries prescribed in the act of Con-
gress and in the constitution of the State be dif-
ferent, then the boundaries prescribed in the con-
stitution are the true ones.
Congress prescribed boundaries in the act, but it
is not absolutely certain that the people of the Ter-
ritory adopted these boundaries. If the act and the
constitution differ in reference to them, then the
people of the Territory did not adopt them. The
people adopted only the boundaries prescribed in
constitution. To make the boundaries perma-
nent, it required the assent of the people ofthe Ter-
ritory, as well as of Congress. The convention
gave her assent to the boundaries prescribed in the
constitution, by the adoption of that constitution.
Congress gave her assent, also, to the boundaries
prescribed in the constitution, by admitting the
State into the Union. These boundaries, then,
have the assent of both parties. If so, and the
boundaries in the act have not, then the boundaries
in the constitution are the true ones, and the con-
stitution controls the act.
But Congress did not admit Missouri into the
Union, except "on a certain condition." This con-
dition was, not that Missouri should change any
part of her boundaries, or surrender any part ofthe
boundaries which the convention had prescribed in
her constitution, or any part of the territory inclu-
ded in those boundaries. There was no condition of
this character. The Stale was admitted without
any objection to boundaiies whatever. No excep-
tion was taken to the constitution, in any other than
that one condition. The only condition annexed
was, that "no law should be passed in conformity"
to a certain provision ofthe constitution, "by which
any citizen of either of the States of this Union
shall be excluded from the enjoyment of any of
the privileges and immunities to which such citi-
zen is entitled under the Constitution ofthe United
States !"* Every other part of the constitution was
sanctioned by Congress, that prescribing bounda-
ries and all. The exception to one part amounted
Jtoit,.sanction ofthe others.
tl anv other naifie than Missouri had been adopt-
ed by the convention, it would be less difficult to
separate the State fiom the Tenitory—less difficult
to show that it was the State which was admitted
into the Union, and not the Territory. The act of
Congress authorizes the people ot the Territory
"to assume such name as they shall deem proper."
But this was useless. They had the power as full
without the grant of it. But if Congress had re-
quired the people to call the State Missouri, and
they had adopted a constitution, and in that had
'This lesoluuon lequlred the Legislature of ttie Slate, by "a
solemn public act," to assent In [his fundamental condition
The Legislature acted under the constitution ofthe State, They
had no po*er, except what they derived from that constitution,
and could exercise no other. They had no power to change
the constitution, except in the manner pointed out by that in-
strument, and that was not by "a solemn publicact," but by an
amendment supported by two-thuds of each bianch of the
Legislature, at two successive sessions. If this "conrJiiicm"
was to effect anything, it was to effect a change m the coristitu
lion; but the Legislature could not effect a change in the con-
stitution in that. way. They complied with the'cond.tion im-
posed by Congress, but that condition amounts to nothing more
than if Congress had required me to comply wi h it. The Le-
glslatllie had no powerio assent in that way. Then no kgalas.
sent was given An illegal assent is a nullity. The'-solemn
public act" is then a solemn mockery. But the condition im-
posed being complied with, the President, by proclamation, de-
clared ihe admission of Missouri into the Union to be complete.
Her admission was complete; and she came into the Union
with her constitutfon untouched and unaltered.
called the State Osage, or Gasconade, or Nodaway;
or Des Moines, or any other name, and Congress
had admitted the State into the Union with that
name, most clearly, after the admission, the State
would have been entitled to that name, and could
not have been called Missouri, as required by the
act of Congress. In giving the name, then, the
constitution, with the subsequent sanction of Con-
gress, would have controlled the previous action of
Congress, So with the boundaries.
Congress admitted the State of Missouri into the
Union "on an equal footing with the original States,
in all respects whatever." This is the language
of the resolution admitting the State into the
Union, omitting the condition. The State of Mis-
souri shall be admitted into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States. Let us inquire on
what footing the "original Slates" stood when
Missouri was admitted. So far as jurisdiction
was concerned,they exercised complete jurisdiction
over all the territory within their limits, as pre-
scribed in their constitutions. If Missouri, then,
stands on an equal footing with "the original
Slates," she, too, has the right to exercise complete
jurisdiction throughout her limits, as prescribed in
her constitution. If so, her constitution controls
the previous act of Congress, and gives the boun-
daries.
As before said, the act of Congress was merely
directory, and not binding oil the people of tha
Territory. They had the right to reject the bound-
aries prescribed in the act of Congress, or to adopt
them, as they saw proper; but, till the people did
adopt them, they formed no part of the boundaries of
the State. The State itself could have no existence
till the people did adopt them, or some other bound-
aries, to make the State. Congress has no power
to form a State. A State must be formed by the
people who inhabit the Territory of which it is to
be composed. Congress cannot give a single
feature to a State, without the assent of the people
of that State. She can neither fix the name nor the
boundaries, nor any other feature of the State,
without the concurrence of the people. She can
assent or dissent to what is done, but no more. If
the name, the boundaries, the constitution generally,
do not suit her, she can refuse admission. But if
she admits, ; he adopts all. Her power is then at
an end, and the State constitution controls her pre-
vious legislation,
I am not sure thatl can makethis matter plainer.
If, however, the constitution of a State describes
one Territory, and Congress admits another Ter-
ritory into the Union, that is no admission of the
State, and that State is still out of the Union. Con-
gress must admit the Territory described in the
constitution of the State, if so described at all, else
the Slate isnotadmitted. If this be so, it is because
the constitution gives boundaries to the State, with
the assent of Congress, and not the act of Congress,
without the assent of the people. If an act of Con-
gress describes one tract of country for a Statg,
and the constitution describes another tract of coun-
try for that State, and Congress admits the State
cieated by that constitution into the Union, then
she admits her with the boundaries prescribed by
her constitution, and not those prescribed by any
act of Congress- The admission is a sanction of
the boundaries prescribed in the constitution, and
a waiver of any boundaries prescribed in an act of
Congress.
We have the right to admit Texas, or we have
the right to admit one-half of Texas, into the Union.
If Congress should pass an act to admit one-half of
Texas into the Union, and should prescribe the
boundaries of that one-half, and Texas should
"form a constitution and State government," em-
bracing the whole of her territory, instead of but
one-half, and should call that government "the State
of Texas," and Congress should then admit "the
Slate of Texas" into the Union, that would be an
admission of the whole country described in the
constitution ofthe State of Texas," and not ofthe
one-half, as described in the act of Congress. Ifthis
be so, it is because the constitution of the State,
with the assent of Congress, gives boundaries tp
the State; and not the act of Congress without the
assent ofthe Stale.
If an act of Congress gives one limit, and the
constitution of a State assumes another, this may
form a good reason for not admitting a State into
the Union till she changes her boundaries; but, after
the State is once admitted, thequestion as to bound-
ary is settled in favor of the constitution of the
State, not to be altered without the consent of both
