July, 1842.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
343
27th Cong....3d Skss.
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
In the main, the committee may have been differ-
ently organized; yet both reports are drawn up by
the same member, and without any additional testi-
mony on this point, except that of Captain Guion
and Lieutenant Fremont, both of whom say there
are rapids in the De* Moines. 1 allude to this be-
cause it indicates a disposition to waive the tacts,
iDStead of meeting them openly, and deciding the
case according to the law and the facts. You have
the power to save us the necessity of resorting to
the courts. If we are right, you ought to do so.
There is no wisdom in perplexing us, when you
have nothing to gain by it. We wish to avoid any
ill-feeling between ourselves and our near neigh-
bor, the Territory of Iowa. You should aid us in
doing so.
I have now shown that the convention believed
there were rapids in the Des Moines; that they called
for rapids in the Des Moines; and that there are
rapids in the Des Moines. The next inquiry would
naturally be, what rapids in the river Des Moines
did the convention call fort But as the committee
have discredited their own officers and their own
witnesses, and have decided that "there aie no rap-
ids in the river Des Moines," and that"they are lip-
ples merely," and as the House may be disposed to
adopt the opinions of the committee now advanced
. against their former admissions, I shall next at-
tempt to show the magnitude of these rapids, and
that one'of them, at least, is entitled to that appel-
lation'.'
4. Then let us inquire what are rapids; and let
us look'at the size and magnitude of these rapids in
the river Des Moines. Rapids are that part of a
river where the current runs with more celerity
than the common current; and they imply a consid-
erable descent of the earth, but not sufficient to cause
a fall of the water, or what is called a cascade, or
cataract. This is Webster's definition; and it is cer-
tainly a very good one. Rapids, then, are some-
thing less than a cataract, a cascade, or a fall; and
something greater than a shallow, a shoal, or a rip-
ple. Lieutenant Leasays, in speaking of the Great
Bend, "there is, at low water, a fall of one or two
feet in a distance of about eighty yards; and in part
of the width of the stream, the water falls perpen-
dicularly about ten or twelve inches," At this point
the river is about six hundred feet wide. This per-
pendicular fall of twelve inches, as I am informed,
runs from three to four hundrpd leet across the
river. This perpendicular fail is at the foot of the
rapids. The rapids are about eighty yards long;
and the other twelve inches of the fall in the water
are in the eighty yards above the perpendicular fall.
In the report made in 1840, the Committee on Ter-
ritories said: "The first two rapids in that river
have each but a fall of two feet in about eighty
yards." This admission was made by taking the
evidence as they found it. Captain Gnion says he
was met by a flood when he surveyed the river; and
he does not give the fall of any of the rapids.
Lieutenant Fremont speaks of the falls at the
Great Bend as well as otheis. He says: "The rap-
id of the Great Bend * * * has a fall of twelve
inches; and, so far as I could ascertain, had formerly
a depth of eighteen inches at low water. A dam
has been built at this place." The fall of "twelve
inches" here spoken of is the perpendicular fall.
"A dam has been built at this pla.e." This-dam
is near this fall, and backs the water over the fall
in the eightv yards above, and thus prevented
Lieutenant Fremont from seeing any but the per-
pendicular tail.
Lieutenant Lea saw the rapids before the dam
was built. At low-water mark there is an abrupt
fall in part of the width of the stream ot "about ten
or twelve inches," This seems to be sufficient to
constitute a "rapids;" itborders closely on a "falls.'
A declension of two feet in eighty yards, with a per-
pendicular fall at the foot of them of "ten or twelve
inches," through the whole width of the stream,
would evidently have entitled the place to the ap-
pellation of "falls;" but, as the perpendicular fall
was only "in part of the width of the stream," and
that, of course, irregular and broken, it is probable
that few point* could have deserved better the ap-
pellation of a "rapids," as distinguishing it from a
"fall," or "cascade," or "cataract," either of which
might have been higher on the one hand; or from a
"shallow," which might have either a rock or grav-
el bottom, with little current; or from a "ripple,"
with scarcely any fall, and not much current; or
from a "shoal," which always has a "gravel bot-
tom,"
But, as to the amount of declension here, it is suf-
ficiently great, whether it be one or two feet in
eighty yards.
The fall of the "Des Moines, rapids" in the Mis-
sissippi river is but twenty-four feet in fourteen
miles. This is a fall of less than one inch—bare-
ly over three quarters—in every eighty yards. The
fall at the rapids of the Great Bend in the Des Moines
is from twelve to twenty-four inches in eighty
yards. If a fall of less than one inch in eighty
yards will make a "rapids" in one river, a fall of
twelve inches In eighty yards, in another river,
would constitute a pretty fair claim to the appella-
tion of "rapids" also; and a declension of two feet
in eighty yards would give the claim beyond all
dispute. A declension of twelve inches in eighty
yards would give, in fourteen miles, a fall of three
hundred feet and upwards; and a fall of two feetin
eighty yards would give, in fourteen miles, a fall of
six hundred feet and upwards; while the rapids in
the Mississippi fall, in fourteen miles, but twenty-
four feet. Your committee admit that there are
other lapids in the Des Moines still larger than
these, but higher up. (See report 1842, page 4.)
They admit and deny everything; they admit there
are rapids, and they deny that there are rapids.
But these rapids are of sufficient magnitude to de-
serve the appellation of rapids; and this is what I
wanted to prove here.
But suppose, as the committee assert, that
"there are no rapids in the Des Moines river:"
what shall be done 1 It is clear that the conven-
tion thought there were rapids in the Des Moines
river. It is equally clear that the convention called
for rapids in the Des Moines river. As this is so,
you cannot drive us out of the Des Moines river,
and into the Mississippi river. Our bearing point
must still remain where it was fixed originally—in
the Des Moines river itself. It there be no rapids
there of great magnitude, we must then take that
fall or declension of the water in said river, which
bears the nearest approach to a rapids. This is
what must be done. Nothing else can be done.
5. The convention did not call for rapids in the
Mississippi river. The members of the convention
are clear on this point. I will make the extracts
from the evidence as short as possible. Ramsey
says: "I will only add, that neither in nor out of the
convention, during its session, did I ever hear the
rapids in the Mississippi mentioned as in any way
connected with the northern boundary of this
State." Bates says: "I am satisfied that, for ten
years after the formation of the constitution, I
never heard it suggested that the rapids of the
Mississippi river had any relation whatever to the
designation of our northern boundary. I believe
it was an afterthought." Cook says: "I have no
recollection of any other rapids having been spoken
of by any member of the committee or of the con-
vention; and, indeed, I had no knowledge or infor-
mation of the existence of the rapids in the Missis-
sippi, called the Des Moines rapids, until after the
dispute respecting the northern boundary of this
State had arisen." Scott says: "I am satisfied that
the committee, and Congress, and the convention,
all meant and intended the rapids in the river
Des Moines itself, which were then known to ex-
ist, and were spoken of, nnH not the japids ill the
Mississippi river. Clearer, more positive, more
uneouivocal, more pertinent testimony, never "was
o-iven i'n" any case, to establish anv point. The
convention, then, did not call for rapids in the Mis-
sissippi river.
But, aside from the evidence, the language used
in the constitution is itself clear, and distinct, and
unequivocal, so far as any ambiguity, in reference
to the river in which the rapids are to be found,
exists. I admit that, since it has been ascertained
that there are more rapids in the rivei Des Moines
than one, there is an ambiguity as to the rapids in
that river which the convention called for. But
that there is any doubt, from the character of the
lan-nia^e used, whether they called for rapids in
the°river Des Moines or in the Mississippi river, I
utterly deny. The phrase which is attempted to
be made ambiguous is, "the rapids of the river
Des Moines;" but there is no ambiguity in it in ref-
erence to the river called for. This phrase means
"the rapids in the river Des Moines." The "falls
of the Ohio." There isno ambiguity here. This
means "the falls in the Ohio." "The falls of the
Niagara." There is no ambiguitv here. This
means "the falls in the Niagara." "The falls of the
St. Anthony." There is no ambiguity here. This
means "the falls in the St. Anthony. The
rapids of the Mississippi." There is no am-
biguity here. This means "the rapids in the Mis-
sissippi. "The rapids of the river Des Moines."
Why fasten an ambiguity here1? This means "the
rapids in the Des Moines;" and man had to tax his
keenest ingenuity, in perverting language from its
proper use, before he could.torture this expression,
to make it mean rapids in the Mississippi river.
If the convention had called forthe "Des Moines
rapids," then an ambiguity, as to the river in which
these rapids were to be found, might have existed.
"Des Moines rapids" would naturally mean "rapids
of the river Des Moines;" and we know that "Des
Moines rapids," by custom, now means, and has for
a long time meant, certain rapids in the Missis-
sippi river. An ambiguity might then have exist-
ed, if the phrase "Des Moines rapids" had been
used; but that the phrase "the rapids of the river
Des Moines" should be considered ambiguous, as
to the river in which the rapids were to be found,
is, indeed, strange enough.
6. The convention did call for the rapids at the
Great Bend in the Des Moines river. The evi-
dence in support of this point is less clear and less
abundant than in support of some of the other
points. There are several rapids above those at
the Great Bend, and some of them are said to be
evenlargerthantho.se at the Great Bend. General
Milburn says: "My recollection is distinct rela-
tive to the northern boundary of the State, as de-
lineated on the map. It was represented at some
short distance north of the Indian boundary run
by John C. Sullivan in 1816, and as striking the
rapids in the river Des Moines.", Sullivan had
run the Indian boundary line four years before the
State constitution was formed, and had visited the
rapids at the Great Bend, and had examined them,
and was able to give correct information in regard
to them. Our committee are inconsistent and con-
tradictory in their report. In one place they say,
"there are no rapids in the Des Moines." in
another page they tell us that the rapids'at the Great
Bend "are not the first, by three, in ascending the
river." Not the first by three! This is not only
giving us rapids in the river Des Moines; but it is
oiving us one more than anybody else has ever
pretended to find, and three more than anybody,
whose business it was really to look for rapids, has
ever found below the Great Bend. Captain Guion
surveyed the river to find the obstructions to navi-
gation. He mixes them all together, and says
there are six rapids or "ripples" "in the first hun-
dred miles in ascending from the mouth." "one at
Keosauque," [the Great Bend,] another "about ten
miles lower down;" " three in forty miles above
the mill-dam at Keosauque," [the Great Bend;]
and "one in forty miles, [of the mouth,] having a
gravel bottom." This makes tin t e above the Great
Bend; one at the Great Bend, is the fourth; one
ten miles below, is the fifth; and one in forty miles
ofthe mouth, is the sixth: making the six in the
first one hundred miles; and, if I am capable of
counting, only two below the Great Bend, and the
lowest of these has a gravel bottom. Let it be re-
membered that this officer and witness says they
are "slight rapids, termed by the boatmen ripples;"
and that he says, "I was met in my ascent by a
consitleiablc flood-," and then the appearance of the
rapids to him will be easily accounted for. .Ia
high water they looked like ripples merely, and
they all looked alike. Lieutenant Fremont says,
"Another dam has been built at a rapid twelve
miles lower Aovfn, [than the Great Bend,] where
the river was six hundred and fifty feet wide. The
fall * * * * was represented to me as slight."
This is the rapid which Captain Guion fixes ten
miles below the Great Bend. "Four and a half
miles lower down, another dam is in the course of
construction, but the rapid here is inconsiderable."
This is the last noticed by Lieutenant Fremont,and
is the same noticed by Captain Guion, within
foity miles of the mouth. They differ slightly in
distances; but Lieutenant Fremont seems to have
been more particular than Captain Guion.
The lowest he fixes four miles and a half below
the next above, and the next only twelve mile!
below the Great Bend. Guion says ten. This
first one has a "gravel bottom," and an "inconsider-
able" current. The committee say, "there ar«
no rapids in the river Des Moines." Of course,
then, they would not count this "gravel bottom,'
with'"inconsiderable" current, as one. The riexi
is six hundred and fifty feet wide—a little above
the usual width of the river—the current "slight,1
and of course owing to the great width and wan
of fall. And this the committee would not con-
