244
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1842.
27th Cong—3d Skss.
Missouri Boundary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
SI
%
I
I
sider a rapids either. The first rapids, then i a
the Great Bend.
But Lieutenant Lea examined the river especi-
ally in reference to the boundary question and the
existence of rapids. He is your own officer and
your own witness, and you must not discredit
him. He says: "Several shallow places, with
swift currents, are found below the Great Bend;
' but there is no obstruction of magnitude sufficient
to deserve * * * the appellation of 'rapids,'
below those at the place thus named, where there
is, at low water, a fall of one or two feet in about
eighty yards." This settles the question that the
first rapids are at the Great Bend. Commission-
•ers, appointed on the part of the State of Missouri
to examine the river, report the rapids at the
Great Bend as "the first rapids in the river Des
Moines above the mouth." Lieutenant Lea fur-
ther says, the line "passing through the Des
Moinesriver at the Great Bend is understood to
be the line claimed by the State of Missouri; and
if any rapids in the Des Moines river ought to be
regarded as the governing point, I believe that
these should be taken, as being the best known on
account ot their proximity to the mouth and to the
old boundary. * * * Should Congress be of
opinion that the fourth line, or the line passing
through the rapids in the Des Moines river, is the
true boundary, X would respectfully recommend
the definitive adoption of the line already run
through that point by the authority of the State of
Missouri. It was carefully surveyed and marked
by Joseph C. Brown, of St. Louis, a gentleman in
every way qualified to perform the duty." There
are, then, no rapids below those at the Great Bend,
according to the report of your own commissioner.
In claiming the rapids at the Great Bend, then,
we claim the least we are entitled to—we claim
the lowest rapids in the river. If you insist on
forcing us higher up, we cannot help that. That
will be your fault, and not ours. "We show our
moderation by demanding as little as we can—the
lowest rapids.
The next argument to prove that the rapids in
the Great Bend are the rapids called for in fixing
our northern boundary, has, singularly enough,
been perverted by the committee into an argument
to prove that we had never called for rapids in the
river Des Moines. In the report made in 18-10,
your committee says, "the next task is to identify
ihe rapids of the river Des Moines," referred to m
the boundaiy of Missouri. Themmdis struck by
the fact that these rapids are not placed in the
northern boundary line, but are introduced tor the
purpose of fixing a parallel of latitude, upon which
the western line should terminate; and when this
parallel is thus located, the northern line is re-
quired to pursue it east, "to the middle of the chan-
nel of the main fork of the river Des Moines. *
* * * It cannot be readily con-
ceived that a rapids of such note and importance as
to define a parallel of latitude, upon which one
line of a great State was made to terminate, and
along- which another line was made to run and cor-
ner upon ihem, should yet not be called for in the
description of ihe line. An object so we]ixaicu 
lated to give the desired pcrmanTrrnTotoiietv lo the
boundary lines of a member of this confederacy,
would doubtless have been introduced in setting
them forth in the charter of its existence." [House
Doc. No. 2, l>t sess. 2<>ih Congress, pages 4 and 5.]
Now, nothing is more easily explained than all
this; and it seems to me that nothing is more natu-
ral than the manner of describing the northern
boundary adopted by the convention; and that man-
ner of describing shows, beyond a doubt, that new,
and unexplored, and uninhabited as the country
was, yet the convention had information enough
about it to know what ihey were doing, and also
tnat they did call tor rapids at the Great Bend, and
not for rapids higher up ihe Des Moines river. It
shows, also, how the truth will unfold itself, and
how plain it may be made. Here I must ask a
reference to the chart of the Des Moines river,
and of the northern boundary, as made out bv
Lieutenant Lea, and attarhed to his report. It will
be seen by this chart, that there is a great bend in
the Des Moines river at this point, and that the
rapids are on the cast side of this great bend, and
that the river runs some miles south of the rapicH,
and before it reaches she rapids. The rapids are
not called for in the description of the northern
boundary. The northern boundary runs east,
"along the parallel of latitude which passes through
the rapids of the river Des Moines." These rapids
are on the east side of the bend. The north bound-
ary, in following the parallel of latitude from west
to east, encounters "the middle of the channel of
the main fork of the Des Moines" several miles
before it reaches the "rapids" themselves. To have
pursued the parallel of latitude until it passed
through the "rapids," would have taken the line
across the Des Moines river, and would have in-
cluded, in the State of Missouri, several hundred,
and perhaps several thousand acres of land, lying
on the north side of the Des Moinesriver. This
the convention wanted to avoid; they wanted the
Des Moines river to be the boundary line. To
make it so, when the north boundary reached the
main channel of the main fork of that river, they
changed the direction of the boundary, and ran
down the middle of the main channel of the main
fork of that river to the mouth. If the line had fol-
lowed a parallel of latitude running through any
other rapids in this river, the rapids should have
been called for in closing the boundary; because a
parallel of latitude passing through any other rapids
in this river, would have struck the river, for the
first time, at the rapids themselves. It is not so at
the Great Bend; and these are the only rapids in
the Des Moines river where it is not so. This pe-
culiar manner of describing the northern boundary
clearly fixes the rapids in the Great Bend as the
rapids called for in describing that boundary, and
annihilates the argument of the committee that these
rapids had not been called for, and that they were,
therefore, in the Mississippi river.
It may not be in order io say that this error in the
report of 1840 was pointed out to the present Com-
mittee on the Territories, and the matter explained
to them. At all events, they abandon the argu-
ment in the first report, but still maintain the same
position, but by a different argument, in the report
of this session. Your committee now says thai,
"as the line on the northern border of Missouri,
upon the hypothesis assumed by her, would inter-
sect the rapids named in her boundary, the almost
irresistible presumption is, that those rapids would
have been referred to in the description of this line.
It would be strange indeed, if, beforehand, Con-
gress should recognise these rapids as of such prom-
inent consequence as to define upon them a parallel
of latitude which should arrest the course of the
western line, and should then conduct the northern
line along this parallel to the Des Moines river,
and then along the middle of the main channel
thereof, passing through these same rapids, and yet
should wholly omit io mention them in the descrip-
tion of this line. Nor is this position weakened by
the fact that the northern line would strike the river
in the bend above Ihe rapids. * * * * It would
be difficult, indeed, to believe that, impressed, as
Congress must have been, with the important char-
acter of these rapids, it yet should establish this
line so as io cut them in the centre, and yet make
no mention of Ihem as in any way connected with
it. How easy and natural it would have been, after
having proceeded with the boundary to the river
Des Moines, to have added, "thence down said
river, m the middle of the main channel thereof,
IM j£>itrc_of_ -/IC raVlf^ ajoresaid, to
the mouth of the sauTrivef''where it empties into
the Mississippi." I admit this would have been
"easy," but not more "easy" than idle, and silly,
and foolish; because the line was not apt to be
lost as long as it was to follow the middle of the
mam channel of a river six hundred feet wide.
But the convention did not do everything which
was "easy" to be done. Let me give an example:
"The lapids of the river Des Moines." The com-
mittee says this means the rapids of the Mississippi
river. If the convention so meant, how "easy" it
would have been to have said "ihe rapids of the
river Des Moines" in the river Mississippi. An-
other example: If the convention had wanted rap-
ids in the Mississippi river, and had only called
for the "Des Moines rapids" in the Mississippi
river, this would have fixed the rapids in that river
beyond all question; and this would have been
"easy," but they did not do so. Then, if the con-
vention called for rapids in ihe Mississippi river,
they did not do things in the easiest manner; but, in
this case, adopted the most difficult of all modes,
except one, of accomplishing their object. If ihe
convention had called for "the rapids in the river
Des Moines," and not for "the rapids of the river
Des Moines," then I believe it would have been a
little more difficult to have driven us from home,
and into the Mississippi river? than it is now; but
not much more so. Then, our convention did not
do everything which was "easy."
But 1 am disposed to treat this argument serious-
ly, although the committee have shifted from the *
grounds assumed in their first report. Beaten from
their position, they should have surrendered. That
pride which makes us adhere to an opinion when
convinced that that opinion is unfounded, is an
erroneous pride. In such cases it is more manly
to acknowledge our error than to assume another
false position. But the committee has waived the
former, and chosen the latter course.
The committee now says, that although the
northern boundary comes in contact with the Des
Moines river several miles before it reaches the
rapids at the Great Bend, and then takes a new
direction "down the middle of the main channel of
said river," yet, in passing the rapids below, the
boundary should take a passing notice of these
rapids. "The prominent objects through which a
boundary passes should be named." If this be true
with reference to the northern boundary, it is also
true, and equally so, with reference to the western
boundary. Let us then see whether the prominent
objects in the western boundary were called for in
describing that boundary.
The southern boundary runs west, along the
parallel of latitude thirty-six degrees thirty min-
utes, "to a point where the said parallel of latitude
is intersected by a meridian line passing through
the middle of the mouth of the Kansas river, where
the same empties into the Missouri river." Here
is a prominent object near the centre of the western
line—"the mouth of the Kansas river"—and this,
according to the committee, must be called for in
describing that line. But this is a description of
the southern line. It runs to said meridian line—
that passing through the mouth of the Kansas river—
and then stops. Then commences the description
of the western boundary. This starts at the termi-
nation of the southern boundary, and is in these
words: "Thence, from the point aforesaid, north,
along the said meridian line, lo the intersection of
the parallel of latitude which passes through the
rapids of the river Des Moines, making the said
line correspond with the Indian boundary line."
This is the description of the western boundary,
and yet the prominent object—the object which
fixes'the meridian on which it runs—"the mouth
of the Kansas river"—is not once mentioned in
describing this boundary. If a failure to call for
the "rapids" in the northern boundary unsettles the
northern boundary, then, by the same rule, a failure
to call for the "mouth of the Kansas," in the west-
ern boundary, unsettles the western boundary.
But the western boundary is not affected by this
failure to call for the "mouth of the Kansas." No
more, then, is the northern boundary affected by a
failure to call for the "rapids." The "mouth of the
Kansas" is not once mentioned in describing the
western boundary.
Nor are "the rapids of the river Des Moines"
once mentioned in describing the northern boun-
dary. They are introduced as descriptive of the
western boundary. They fix the parallel of lat-
itude on which the western boundary is to termi-
nate. The southern boundary ends at the merid-
ian, passing through the mouth of the Kansas.
The western boundary commences here, and runs
"thence, from the point aforesaid," to "the parallel
of latitude which passes through the rapids of the
river Des Moines." This parallel of latitude the
western boundary intersects, and here terminates;
and here starts the northern boundary; and this
runs "thence east, from the point of intersection
last aforesaid, along the said parallel of latitude,
to the middle of the channel of the main fork of
the said river Des Moines; thence, down and along
the middle of the main channel of the said river
Des Moines, to the mouth of the same." This is
the description of the northern boundary. The
"rapids" are not once mentioned in it, any more
than was the "mouth of the Kansas" mentioned in
describing the western boundary. It was wholly
useless to do so. When you fix the termination of
the western boundary, then you have the beginning
of' the northern boundary. The termination of the
western boundary is the "parallel of latitude which
passes through the rapids of the river Des Moines."
At this termination the northern boundary begins.
Along this parallel of latitude the northern bound-
ary runs. No point need be called for along this
parallel of latitude till you cease to follow it. In
following it, the first objeot yon strike, which
changes your direction, should be mentioned. This
