£t6
APPENDIX TO Tttfe CONGRESSIONAL §tOS®:
July, 184 Si
27ah Gano-*"3d Sess.
Missouri Botmdary Line—Mr. J. C. Edwards.
H. of Reps.
Let it be noticed here, distinctly, that the com-
mittee is making the description of the bounda-
ries emanate with Congress; and this gives the
language of the description an English origin.
And let it be remembered, that when the commit-
tee wish to Frenchify the description of the bound-
aries, they then refer to the constitution of the
State, which had its origin in the city of St. Louis,
■where the population was mostly 'French; and they
give that a French origin. In this way. they have
ingeniously worked themselves into the belief,
that the expression "the rapids of the river Des
Moines" is a translation of ihe French phrase,
"les rapidef de la riviere Des Moines," and that it
was so intended by the convention, and meant the
"Des Moines rapids." After attaching this con-
struction to the constitution of the State, which
was adopted among the French population, and
therefore had a sort of French origin, they then
refer back to the act of Congress, and make the
same construction attach to that instrument, the
origin of which was clearly and purely English.
But I am unwilling to submit to this. The com-
mittee must admit that the act of Congress is pure-
ly of English origin. If so, the phrase "the rapids
ofthe river Des Moines," used in the aet,isnoteven
a translation from the French. And if it was used
in the act of Congress without being a translation
from the French, it is fair to presume it was used
in the constitution without being a translation
from the French also; and if so, it had no refer-
ence to the phrase by which the "Des Moines
rapids" in the Mississippi were designated in
French. The convention consisted of forty mem-
bers, two of whom were Frenchmen—and thirty-
eight Americans, mostly Virginians and Kentuck-
ians—a people who would not readily adopt a French
idiom in any patt of America. As, then, no rapids
in the Mississippi river are called "the rapids of
the river Des Moines," and as this expression is not
of French origin, we must not place these rapids
in the Mississippi river, but leave them in the
Des Moines river, to which they properly belong.
A letter of Pierre Chouteau, jr., in reply to a
letter of Lieutenant Lea, has been referred to in
his report, and the committee seems to have ex-
tracted from that report. He says: "Yours of the
15th instant requests me to state by what appella-
tion the Des Moines and Rock river rapids 'of the
Mississippi are generally known among the French
inhabitants of the country. In reply, I beg to state
that I have never known them designated otherwise
than as lles rapides de la riviere Des Monies' and
'les rafides de la riviere de la Roche.'" I have no
doubt this-is so, and yet I do not know it, although
a Missourian; and I think I hazard very little m
saying, that not a single member of Congress knew
it when the act was passed authorizing the people
of Missouri to form a State constitution. If so,
they dsscribedthe bourdaries of the intended State
without any reference to the French name of the
rapids in the Mississippi river; and no doubt, in
using the same language, the convention did the
same thing. Mr. Chouteau does not say that the
convention called for rapids in the Mississippi
river. In his letter there is no such assertion.
But another item of evideme-gTVWt^TTie'coirN"
mittee in their report, to .show that the convent/oil
called for the "Des Moines rapids" in the Missis-
sippi river, is, that, "as early as 179!), the French
governor-general granted to Louis Honore a tract
of land, to adjoin 'aux rapides de la riviere des
Moines;' and the validity of this grant, upon this
descriptive call, has been affirmed by Congre-s
within the last few years." See page 10, report
of 1842. This piece of testimony is of the same
character with the other—only weaker, being built
upon the other. Congress confirmed the grant to
Louis Honore, because the rapids in the Mississippi
were called by the French " aux rapides de la
riviere des Moines;" and the committeenow intro-
duces this confirmation as further evidence that
the rapids were so called. The confirmation proves
no such thing. But admit these rapids were so
called, and it does not prove that "the rapids ofthe
river Des Moines" are the " Des Moines rapids"
of the Mississippi. Just as well might you say that
"the rapids in the river Des Moines" are the "Des
Moines rapids" of the Mississippi, The language
is of precisely the same import. But a confirma-
tion of a title to a small tract of land is by no means
conclusive evidence that the claimant was entitled
to the land. It is well known, and unfortunate
too, that the best claims are sometimes neglected by
Congress, while the most iniquitous are sometimes
granted. The " Des Moines rapids" are in the
Mississippi river, and are, known by that name; but
these are one rapids, and " the rapids of the river
Des Moines" another, and a totally different and
. distinct rapids, to be found in another and a totally
different and distinct place.
•The rapids in the Mississippi river had a distinct
name, by which they were well known. "Vour
committee says, by the French, they "were known
by the name 'les rapides de la riviere des Moines;'"
"by the Americans, they were called the 'Des
Moines rapids.' " "Both these phrases aie names,
and not descriptions," says the committee. See
report 1842, page 10. This is true: they are names;
and these names were well known to many per-
sons, and had been for many years, before the" State
Government was formed. Now,if the convention
had intended to refer to these rapids, would they
not have used one or the other of these names'! If
they had wanted to call for these rapids, is it pos-
sible that, out of forty members, the most intelligent
men in the country, not one of them knew the name
of a rapids so noted as the committee represents
this to be'! Is it not incredible, if they intended to
refer to these rapids, that they should have dropped
the true name in both languages, and have used a
name by which these rapids were never known,
either before or afterwards"! Would they not have
used the very name by which the rapids weie
known1? Would they not have made the matter
still more certain, by saying "the Des Moines
rapids" in the Mississippi river1? This would have
fixed the rapids beyond all dispute in the Mi:-sis-
sippi river; and how perfectly "easy" this would
have been.
The convention did not use either one or the
other of these names; the convention used no name
—and for the very best reason in the world they
used no name: that is, because the rapids which
they referred to had no name. They were but lit-
tle known. They were high up in a wilderness.
An occasional hunter had seen them; the trappers
had sometimes passed them in their canoes; per-
haps a few traders had seen them; and the survey-
or, John C. Sullivan, had seen them. He had sur-
veyed the Indian boundary in 1816, four years be-
fore the convention was lield. When the conven-
tion met, they called upon him and other gentlemen
for information about the rapids: so we learn from
the remaining members of that convention—and
perhaps they know something more about it than
our commiDce. Sullivan was prepared to give
them the information wanted. The rapids which
he had visited were but about nine miles, or, as the
witness says, but "a short distance north of the In-
dian boundary line." These were at the Great
Bend. The country was wholly new. This was,
no doubt, the first public notice which had ever
been taken of these rapids. Of course, then, thev
had no name. The convention used them as if
they had no name, and were noticed in a public
manner for the first time. It was certainly not
known then that there were any other rapids in the
Des Moines river above. It is'not possible to mag-
nify anything into a rapids which can be found be-
lO'V. The phrase "the rapids of the river Des
"MoinSS^Trasni^etrTts-Tr-dr^criptiaa^.and not as a
name. Of course, the description belongs onlv to
rapids in the Des Moines river. It could no ("de-
scribe the rapids in the Mississippi river.
"Les rapides de la riviere Des Moines." "The
Des Moines rapids." Bv the first, the French, and
bv the latter, the Americans, called the rapids in
the Mississippi river. "Both these phrases are
names, and not descriptions." So says our commit-
tee; and in this they are correct. These names
are quoted wherever we find them. So are all
names made up of phrases; and especially when
of long use and standing, they are almost invaria-
bly used as quotations. It is probable that this prac-
tice of quoting names and phrases has been fol-
lowed nowhere more closely than bv our conven-
tion in forming the constitution of Missouri. Even
the words and phrases, "Senate," "House of Rep-
resentatives," "General Assembly," "Supreme
Court," " Chancellor," "circuit courts," "Stale of
Missouri," "against the peace and dignity of the
State," "great seal of the State of Missouri;" all
these are marked in the constitution as quotations.
And yet the phrase, "the rapids of the river Des
Moines," is not used in the constitution as a quo-
tation; and it is evident, therefore, that the conven-
tion did not use it as a name. If they had trans-
lated it from the French, they would have used it as
a quotation more readily than ever. If they had
used it as an awkward stagger for the "Des Moines
rapids" in the Mississippi river, they would still
have used it as a quotation, under the supposition
that they had staggered upon the right name. But
they did not use it as a quotation, and of course not
as a name, but merely as a description. The term
"Des Moines rapids" would have been used and,
quoted as a name, because it was a nanpe of long
standing, and well known. But the committee
stultify themselves in attempting to stultify our con-
vention. They ought to believe that the conven-
tion meant what they said, and said what they
meant, and knew what they were doing.
The history of this matter shows that there was
nothing French about it—not even a translation of
the name of the rapids of the Mississippi river.
The words used in the constitution, in describing
the boundaries of Missouri, are the same as the
words used in the act of Congress for that purpose.
The act of Congress, I have stated before, was
drawn up in this place, by the honorable John
Scott, who was then the Delegate in this House
from the Territory of Missouri, and who, with the
aid of the committee, gave birth and origin to the
act, and to the memorable phrase, "the rapids of
the river Des Moines;" and particularly to the use
ofthe memorable "of," which has played so con-
spicuous a part in all this difficulty. It would be
rather aw kward to say "the rapids vnlheriver Des
Moines" in the Mississippi river; and yet the ex-
pression, "the rapids of the river Des Moines" of
the Mississippi river, is of precisely the same char-
acter and import. And this latter, according to the
committee, is the mode of expression used by the
convention, only made complete. But neither the
Congress which passed the act, nor the convention
which adopted the constitution, was the place in
which to find such an awkward use, or such an
abuse, of our language, as the committee are dis-
po.-ed to fasten upon them.
Besides all this, "the Des Moines rapids" of the
Mississippi river were unfit to fix a boundary.
They were too long. Tu call for them to fix the
northern boundary, was like calling for the Missis-
sippi river itself. A whole range of counties would
have been left in uncertainty by such a call. The
convention "wanted a point to run to, not a line as
long as some of our States. They never called for
a line fourteen miles long, instead of a point but
eighty yards long. A rapids, eighteen inches deep,
falling two feet in eighty yards, with a swift cur-
rent, but eighty yards long, six hundred feet wide,
falling pelpendicularly as much as ten or twelve
inches, for three or four hundred feet of the width
of the stream, is as good a point, and as prominent
a monument, as any State could ask to fix her
boundary. And this is the description of the rap-
ids at the Great Bend, and a true one. The con-
vention would not have left a point so suitable as
this, and have taken a rapids fourteen miles long.
But "the Des Moines rapids" of the Mississippi
river are "upwards of fourteen miles long." They
"have had great notoriety since the date of the first
settlements above them, and, during the period that
Louisiana was held by the French, were known."
So says the committee. If, then, the convention
had called for them, they would have ascertained
their magnitude, and their "fourteen miles of
length" and upwards. If they had done so, is it not
incredible to suppose that they would have left the
north boundary "dancing" through this distance of
fourteen miles, when, in one word more, they
could have said the line shall run through the low-
er end, the middle, or the upper end, of "the Des
Moines rapids" of the Mississippi river'? But they .
said no such thing. Is it not incredible, then, to
suppose they could have meant any such thing"?
Does anybody believe they did'?
Congress wanted "natural and striking objects
of great notoriety and magnitude" in fixing the
boundaries. So says the committee. If this was all
they wanted, and they were regardless of the size
and shape ofthe State,the mouth ofthe Des Moines *
was the very thing. This was only one mile and
a half south of the "Des Moines rapids," and was
a "prominent monument" and a notable point. It
is strange the convention did not fix on this, in pref-
erence to a rapids fourteen miles in length, if they
were regardless of the shape and size of the State.
But they were not regardless of these things. The
honorable John Sccttsavs they wanted to make "the
Missouri river run through the centre of the State
from west to east." This was natural enough, and
no doubt the feelings of the whole convention. A
memorial of the Legislature of the Territory of
