to rtri c ongre§!§tonal globs.
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The Tariff Ml—Mr. A H. H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
I will not go for raising, by a tariff, a single dollar
more than the -wants of the Government, economi-
cally administered, require. But, in laying that
tariff, I will be at all times willing and desirous so
to discriminate between the articles imported as to
; foster and protect our home labor and home pro-
ductions, against foreign labor and foreign produc-
tions.
I have said,'sir, that this question lies within nar-
row limits. The principal difficulties in regard to
it arise from not having a clear perception of the
true issues involved, and from confounding collat-
1 eral and extraneous matters with them. In order
to get at the proper points of inquiry, I propose to-
separate the undisputed propositions connected with
: the subject from those that are controverted. This
will simplify the matter, and enable us to pursue
our investigations with much more facility. What
points, then, are undisputed1!
1st. All agree that it is the duty of Government
to raise, in some manner, money enough to defray
its current expenses, and to pay, in suitable instal-
ments, the debts it may owe.
2d. AH agree that there are, under the provisions
of the Constitution, but three modes of raising rev-
enue, viz: by imposts, by excises, and by direct
taxation.
3d. A large majority, if not every member of this
House, will agree that the revenue ought not to be
raised by a direct tax on land, nor by that system of
excises which Mr. Jefferson denounced as an "in-
fernal system, which should never have found a
place in our Constitution." The only remaining
way of raising revenue is by a system of imposts
or duties on foreign merchandise—the system
which was devised by the first Congress at its first
session, and which has prevailed without interrup-
tion from that time to the present day.
I mav, then, venture to assume it to be the sense
of Congress and the nation that the revenue which
we need is to be raised by imposing duties or taxes
on foreign goods imported into this country.
We have next to ascertain how much money is
necessary. Upon this subject we have the estimates
of the Secretary of the Treasury and of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and the opinions ofthe
most enlightened of our statesmen, showing that
the current expenditures of the Government for
the next three years will be from twenty-two to
twenty-four millions $er annum; and that, in ad-
dition to that amount, three and a halt millions will
be necessary to pay the interest on the public debt,
and to provide a suitable sinking fund for the ulti-
mate payment of the principal. These estimates,
and the data oil which they are founded, have been
furnished to the country in official documents, and
in various speeches which have been delivered on
this floor; and, as no one has pretended to show
that they are incorrect, T shall not undertake now
to enter into an examination of ihem, but will as-
same that they present a fair statement of the
amount which the Government will require. And
here 1 will take occasion to say, that this estimate
falls, by several millions, below theaveragc annual
expenditure of Mr. Van Buren's administration
which was $28,098,905.
Twenty-seven millions being thus shotvn tube
necessary to supply the wants of the Government^
the present bill has been carefully framed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, after mature con-
sideration of the views of the Secretary of the
Treasury and of the Committee on Manufactures,
to produce that amount. No gentleman has, during
the course of this debate, ventured to say that it will
produce more than twenty-seven millions; but many
have expressed the belief that it will not yield that
much. The friends of the bill cannot, therefore, be
charged with any purpose of going beyond the point
necessary for revenue. . , . , , •
We now come to the great principle involved in
this bill. It resolves itself into thi-c Shall the
revenue bj levied by a horizontal system of ad
valorem duties, operating alike upon all articles; or
shall there be a just system of discrimination, with
a view to the protection of our own industry m all
its departments'? ,
In this question two distinct points of inquiry are
; embraced. 1st. Has the Government the consti-
tutional power to make such discrimination. ^d
> If the Government does possess that power, is it
; expedient to exercise if?
If the first question is decided in the negative
: there is no necessity for prosecuting the matter
] * further; for ifthe power is not conferred upon Con-
j gress by the Constitution, no considerations of ex-
pediency, however urgent, can ever justify its ex-
ercise.
The power of discrimination, to some extent, is
conceded by the sternest opponents of the general
doctrine. All admit, for example, that gold and
silver shall be allowed to pass through our custom-
houses free of duty. A large majority of both par-
ties are also in favor of a like exemption of tea and
coffee. To these instances they seem to have paid
no attention, because they are of a negative charac-
ter: yet, surely, they embody the principle of dis-
crimination just as much as if they paid higher
instead of lower duties than other articles. Whilst,
however, gentlemen concede the principle in these
cases, they deny the right to discriminate with a
view to protect our home productions.
The general question of the constitutional power
of Congress to have regard, in laying duties upon
imports, to our domestic interest, has been so otten
and^n ably discussed, that nothing new can be said
upoff'it; and I shall, therefore, not make the at-
tempt. .The arguments for and against the power
have been spread over the country, and are acces-
sible to all who wish to examine the subject. But
I have recently met with a view of the question,
by a man, in abilities, one of the first of the age,
in an address to the American people on behalf of
a convention held in New York in 1831, which is
so condensed, so forcible, so conclusive, that I can-
not deny myself the pleasure of submitting an ex-
tract from it for the consideration of the commit-
tw.
"By the Constitution, Congress has power 'to lav
and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises.' It
has power, also, 'to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations.'
"The power to lay duties is accompanied by one
express qualification or limitation; which is, 'that
all duties shall be uniform throughout the United
States.' The power to regulate commerce has its
limitation also; which is, that no regulation of com-
merce shall give preference to the ports of one
State over those of another. And there is another
limitation, which may apply to both clauses—name-
ly, that no export duty shall ever be laid.
"Here, then, is a grant of power in broad and gen
eral terms, but with certain specific limitations,
carefully expressed. But neither of these limiia-
tions applies in any manner to that exercise of the
power which is now under consideration. Neither
of them, nor any other clause or word in the whole
Constitution, manifests the slightest intention to
restrain the words so as to prohibit Congress from
laying duties for protection. The attempt is nothing
less than to add a restriction which the Constitution
has omitted. Who has authority to add this'? If
other restrictions had been intended, they would
have been expressed. When the business of lim-
itation was before the convention, what was omitted
was as much an exercise of intention as what was
expressed. It slated all the. restraints on Congress
which it intended; and to impose others now would
be, not to interpret the Constitution, but to change
it;'notto construe the existing instrument, but to
make anoiher.
"The words of the grant being seneral—to lny
duties and to regulate commerce their meaning is
to be ascertained by reference to the common use
aMinrpcrrT of language. No unusual signification
is to be given to the terms, either to restrain or en-
large their import. Congress, in its discretion, is
to lay duties and to regulate trade for all the objects
and purposes for which duties are ordinarily laid,
and trade ordinarily regulated. It such a thing was
never before heard of as laying duties and regu-
lating trade with a view to encourage manufactures,
thenlt might be said that the convention did not con-
template such an exercise of the power by Con-
gress But it was perfectly known to the conven-
tion and to the people of this country, that one
leading object with all Governments, m laying du-
ties and regulating trade, was, and for a long time
had been, the encouragement of manufactures,
This was emphatically true of England, whose lan-
guage the convention spoke, and whose legal and
Feeislative phraseology was theirs also, livery
leading state of Europe was, at that moment, regu-
lating- its commerce for purposes of this nature.
Such a purpose, indeed, had been long sought to be
accomplished by some of the States themselves by
their own regulations of trade. Massachusetts had
attempted it, New York bad attempted
had attempted it, and we believe other States had
done the same. How ineffectual all their attempts
were, for want of union and a general system, was
■soon seen and felt by the whole country; but they
show to what ends, and to what uses, the power to
regulate trade was understood to extend. But not
only in other nations, and in the Slates, before the
adoption of the. present Constitution, as we shall
have occasion to show hereafter, but in the United
States since, and in the administration of this very
Constitution, regulations of trade have been made,
in almost innumerable instances, with no view to
revenue, but with a sole and exclusive regard to
protection.
"If our understanding of the Constitution be not
according to its true meaning, that instrument has
been grossly violated from the very beginning.
What are all the registry acts, what the bounties on
the fisheries, but so many avowed efforts to protect
American industry, under the power of regulating
trade1? On what foundation does the whole system
of the coasting trade stand1? The American ship-
builder and ship-owner has enjoyed, from the first,
(and we think properly,) not only protection in that
trade, but the monopoly of it. He shuts out all
foreign competition; and he does so on the ground
that the public good is promoted by giving him this
advantage. We think he is right in asking this,
and the Government right in granting it. Yet this
is not free trade; it is preference—it is protection;
and protection of a manufacture, under the power
to regulate trade. The laws giving this protec-
tion to the manufacture and the use of ships may
be wise, and laws protecting other manufactures
may be unwise. But the first cannot be consti-
tutional, and the latter not constitutional. If there
be power for one, there is power for both. Both
are drawn from the same grant, both operate by
the same general means, and both regard the
same object—the protection, namely, of American
labor and capital against foreign competition. If
it be said that the navigation act is founded in
national policy, and that it is essential to national
defence and national independence; we admit it.
But we answer, in the first place, that Congress
could not exercise a power not granted, merely
because it might be useful or necessary; and, in
the second place, we say that the same remark
is true of the policy of protecting manufactures.
That policy, also, is essential to national independ-
ence. Iron, hemp, and clothing for sailors and sol-
diers, are not less indispensable to national defence
than ships and seamen. Not only in the general
use of language, then, does the power of laying du-
ties and regulating trade exlend to the protection,
by the use of such means, of domestic manufac-
tures, but such has been the constant interpretation
of the Constitution itself.
"We think, indeed, that when a general power is
given to Congress by the Constitution of the United
States, in plain and unambiguous words, their acts
are constitutional and valid, if they are within the
scope of the granted power; and that, in consider-
ing the validity of the law, the motives of the legis-
lature can never be investigated. Having granted
the power, with such limits expressed as were
thought proper, its exercise within those limits is
left to the discretion of Congress.
"What is the true character of the opposite doc-
trine? li is, that the constitutionality of a law de-
pends, not on its provisions and enactments, but on
the motives of those who passed it. Is not such a
notion new' How are we to ascertain the motives
of a legislature"? By private inquiry; by public
examination; bv conjecture"? The law may be
passed on mixed motives—some members voting
for revenue, some for protection; or one House may-
act with one view, and the other House with an-
other. What will be the character of such a law"?
"Accoidingto this new theory, if the motives be
constitutional, then the act is; if the motives be un-
constitutional, then the act is unconstitutional also.
It follows, therefore, that a law passed by one Con-
gress may be constitutional, which, if passed by
another, though m the same words, would be un-
constitutional. Besides, on this theory a law may
be unconstitutional for its omissions as well as its
enactments; because, in laying duties, articles may-
be omitted, as well as ai tides inserted, from a de-
sign to favoi manufactures."
Here we have a view of the question which
seems to me to be unanswerable.
But, Mr. Chairman, I beg the attention of the
committee whilst I proceed to examine into the
oii°in and history of this doctrine of protection of
American labor and industry. Is U a novel as-
sumption of power by Congress"? Is it a new sys-
tem of policy, which is now sought to be establish,-.
