280,
APPENBIX fo TUB: CONGRESSIONAL fltOSB:
My, 1.849.
7TH C-Of®*"-3n SF.SS.
The Tariff" Bill—Mr A. //. H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
ed, in opposition to the ancient practice of the Gov-
ernment'! So far from such being the fact, I affirm
that the doctrine is coeval wnh the Constitution it-
self, and that the piolicy is sanctioned and sustained
By toe direct opinions and practice of every Presi-
dent of the United States, and of all the leading
statesmen of the country, from the days of George
"Washington to the present time.
If my time permitted, I might prove to you, by
the most authentic histories of our Government,
that the necessity of protecting our home industry
from foreign aggression contributed more than
any other cause to the formation and adoption of
the Constitution of the United'States. The con-
sideration of that topic would, however, lead me
■into too wide a field of discussion; and I must,
therefore, content,myself with barely adverting to
it, and pass on to the history of the action of the
Government under the Constitution.
T-he first Congress assembled in Philadelphia
on the 4th of March, 1789; but, in consequence of
the failure of many members to attend, no business
was done for some weeks. Very shortly after the
organization of the two Houses, petitisns began to
pour in from all quarters, suggesting that our "na-
tional independence was but half obtained," whilst
we remained dependent on Great Britain for our
supplies of the necessaries of life; and praying that
Congress would take the proper steps to render the
people "independent in fact, as well as in name, by
adopting measures for the encouragement and pro-
tection of American manufactures." These peti-
tions were referred to the Committee of the Whole
of the House of Representatives; and the result of
their deliberations was a bill for the imposition of
duties on foreign merchandise. This bill was
promptly passed through both Houses of Congress,
and was approved by President Washington on
the 4th day of July, 1789—that day being thus a
second time consecrated, by the declaration of com-
mercial independence, as it had previously been by
a similar declaration of political independence.
The true character and objects of that act will he
sufficiently manifest when we advert to its pre-
amble, which recites that "whereas itis necessary
for the support of Government, and the encour-
agement of domestic manufactures, that duties be
laid on foreign merchandise," &c. This preamble
distinctly connects the subjects of revenue and pro-
tection, and shows that, in the judgment of the
first Congress, it was competent lor the National
Legislature to look to protection, as well as to
revenue, in a system of imposts. And here let us
pause for a moment, to consider how much weight
shall be given to the opinion of that Congress"!
We miN recollect that it was composed of the
most illustrious sages and patriots ot the Revolu-
tion! We must temember that probably one-half
of its members had been members of the Federal
convention which framed the Constitution, or of
the Slate conventions which adopted it! They
were fully acquainted with its provisions, and
deeply imbued with its spiiit! And that body,
within a year after the adoption of the Constitution,
passed, without even a division, and without the
suggestion of a doubt of the constitutional power to
do so, a law distinctly recoytnsi.os
protection; and George "Washington, who had pre-
sided over the deliberations of the convention, and
who was then acting under the solemn sanctions
of his presidential oath to support the Constitution,
approved it! And yet we aie now modestly told
that the authors of the Constitution did not under-
stand its meaning, and that the power to protect
American labor is an assumption not warranted by
its provisions! I must confess, sir, that 1 hardly
know how to meet such an asseition.or where to
find terms, consistent with parliamentary decoium,
to characterize if.
But let us trace the action of the Government
on this subject still fur;her.
On the 8th of January, 1790, President Wash-
ington, in his address to Congress, uses this em-
phatic language:
"The safety and interest of the people require
that they should promote such manutactures as
tend to render them independent of others for es-
sential, particularly for military, supplies."
On the 15th of January, 1790, Congiess responded
to this suggestion of the President, by adopting the
following resolution:
"Resolved, That it be referred to the Secretary
of the Treasury to propose and reportto this House
a proper plan or plans, conformably to the recom-
mendation of the President in his speech to both
Houses of Congress, for the encouragement and
promotion of such manufactories as will tend to
render the United States independent of other na-
tions for essential, particularly for military, sup-
plies."
In conformity with this resolution, the Secretary
of the Tieasury (Mr. Hamilton") made his cele-
brated report in favor of protecting American in-
dustry. 1 should be glad, sir, if this invaluable
document was in the hands of every citizen of this
Republic. The grounds upon which he rested the
policy are very briefly summed up in the follow-
ing paragraph, which f commend to the consider-
ation of the committee:
"The embarrassments which have obstructed the
progress of our externa! trade have led to serious
reflections on the necessity of enlarging the sphere
of our domestic commerce. The restrictive regu-
lations which, in foreign markets, abridge the^ent
for the increasing surplus of our agricultural prod-
uce, serve to beget an eat nest desire that a more
extensive demand for that surplus may be created
at home; and the complete success which has re-
warded manufacturing enterprise in some valuable
branches, conspiring with the promising symptoms
which attend ,some less mature essays in others,
justily a hope that the obstacles to the growth of this
species of industry are less formidable than they
wereapprehended to be; and that it may not be dif-
ficult to find, in its further extension, a full indem-
nification for any external disadvantages which are
or may be experienced, as well as an accession of
resources favorable to national independence and
safety."
For some years after this report was made, the
American people were subjected to great inconve-
nience by the refusal of the Governments of Europe
to enter into commercial treaties with the United
Slates, founded upon principles of justice and reci-
procity. On the l itfi of February, 1792, President
Washington brought this subject to th* attention of
Congress, that it might adopt such measures as the
interests of the country seemed to require. This
communication was referred to a select committee,
who made a report, which was submitted to the
Secretary of State (Mr. Jefferson) "with instruc-
tions to report to Congress the nature and extent
of the privileges and restrictions of the commercial
intercourse of the United States with foreign na-
tions, and the measures which he should think
proper to be adopted for the improvement of the
commerce and navigation of the same."
On the 11th December, 1793, Mr. Jefferson made
his report, from which I have extracted the follow-
ing passages, in order that the committee and the
country may see what were his views ofthc constitu-
tional powers and duties of the Government of the
United States. [Am.State Papers, vol. 1, p. 300—1.]
"But should any nation, contrary to our wishes,
suppose it may better find its advantage by con-
tinning its system of prohibitions, duties, and regu-
lations, it behooves usto piotect our citizens, their
commerce and navigation, by counter prohibitions,
duties, and regulations also. Free commerce and
navigation are not to be given in exchange for re-
trtctl-nrr^-ffmWwfTe+i'WE^-^iv^-a.ta.J.hey likely to pro-
duce a relaxation of them.
"The following prtneip'cs, being founded in re-
ciprocity, appear perfectly just, and to offer no
cause ot complaint to any nation:
"1. Where a nation imposes high duties on our
productions, or prohibits them altogether, it may
he proper for usto do the same by theirs; first bur-
dening or excluding those productions which they
bring here m competition with our own ofthe same
kind; selecting, next, such manufactures as we take
from them in greatest quantity, and which, at the
same time, we could the soonest furnish to our-
selves, or obtain from other countries; imposing on
them duties, lighter at first, bin heavier and heavier
afterwards, as otlierchanncls of supply open. Such
duties having the effect of indirect encouragement
to domestic manufactures of the same kind, may
induce the manufacturer to come him'elfinto these
States, where cheaper subsistence, equal laws, and a
vent of Ins wares free ofdutv, may ensure him the
highest profits from his skill and industry. And
here it would be in the power ofthe State Gove'ti-
ments to co-operate essentially, by opening the
resources of encouragement which are undei 'heir
control; extending them liberally to aitists in those
particular branches of manufacture for which their
soil, climate, population, and other circumstances,
have matured them; and fostering the precious
efforts and progress of household manufacture, by
some patronage suited to the nature of its objects,,
guided by the "local information they possess, and-
guarded "against abuse by their presence and atten-
tions. The oppressions on our agriculture, in for-,
eign ports, would thus be made the occasion.af re-
lieving it from a dependence on the counsels and.
conduct of others, and of promoting arts, manufac-
tures, and population at home."
On the 4'h of Jsnuary, 1794, Mr. Madison
brought forward in Congiess his celebrated reso-
lutions, which were known to be the joint produc-
tion o' Mr. Jefferson and himself, and were d< sign-
ed to cairy into effect the policy recommended in
Mr. Jefferson'sreport. Theseresolutions distinctly
assumed the power to protect American industry;
and, alter a long 3nd able debate, they received the
sanction of the House. In the course of this debate,
Mr. Madison used the following emphatic, language
in legaid to the protection of manufactures:
' The States that are most advanced in popula-
tion, and ripe for manufactures, ought to have their
particular interests attended t  in some degree.
While these States retained the power of regula-
ting trade, ihey had the power to protect and cher-
ish such institutions. By adopting the present Con-
stitution, they have thrown the exercise of their
power into otherhands. They must have done this
with the understanding that those interests would
not be neglected here."
Without adverting to other recognitions by Presi-
dent Washington of the power and duty of Con-
gress to protect domestic industry, I will add but
a single passage from his last address to Congress
on 7th December, 1790, in which he says:
"Congress have repeatedly, and not without suc-
cess, directed their attention to the encouragement
of manufactures. The object is of too much im-
portance not to ensure a continuance oftheir efforts
in every way which shall appear eligible."
Passing over the administration of the elder
Adams, which is known to have favored the same
policy, I beg leave to invite the attention of the
committee to some evidences of the opinions of M r.
Jefferson, the apostle of Democracy, and the author
of the political doctrines by which the opponents
of protection profess to be guided. Hear what
the sage of Monticello says, in his second message
to Congress on the 15th of December, 1802:
"To cultivate peace, and maintain commerce
and navigation in all their lawful enterprises; to
foster our fisheries as nurseries of navigation, and
for the nurture of man, and protect the manufac-
tures adapted to our circumstances; to preserve the
faith of the nation by an exact discharge of its
debts and contracts, expend the public money with
the same care and economy we would practise
with our own, and impose on our citizens no un-
necessary burdens; to keep in all things within the
pale of our constitutional powers, and cherish the
federal union as the only rock of safety:—these,
fellow-citizens, are the landmarks by which we
are to guide ourselves in all our proceedings.
By continuing to make these the rule of our ac-
tion, we shall endear to our countiymen the true
principles  of their constitution, and promote a
union ol sentiment and of action equally auspi-
cious to their happiness and safety."
From this extract, it will be perceived that Mr.
Jefferson, in enumerating the " landmarks" by
which his administration was to be guided, assigns
a most prominent position to the duty of protecting
manufactures.
But this is not all. In 1806, the revenue from
imposts had increased to such an amount, that Mr.
■ Jefferson had grounds to believe that there would
be, "ere long, an accumulation of moneys in the
treasury,beyond theinstalments ofthe public debt,
which the Government would be permitted by con-
tract to pay." In other words, it was apparent to
Mr. Jefferson that there wasabouttobe a surplus
in the treasury, above the wants of the Govern-
ment economically administered. What did he
recommend in that contingency'! A reduction of
dudes down to the re enue standard-! Let the fol-
lowing extract from his message of the 2d of
December, 180G, answer those questions:
"To what other objects shall these surpluses be
appropi iated, and the whole surplus ofthe impost
after the entire discharge of the public debt"! Shall
we suppress the impost, and give that advantage to
the foreign over domestic manufactures'!"
He proceeds to say, that upon some articles the
