July, 1842.
appendix to the congressional globe.
27KH CONG--"3D S'-ss.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. A. A. H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
Wore expanded and statesmanlike considerations,
the interest of the cotton-planter on the one hand, and
that of the farmer and grazier on the other, are di-
rectly opposed—the one being the seller, and the
other the buyer, of particular commodities.
If, then, Mr. Chairman, this subject of the tariff
is to be treated as a question between the North
and the South, it is plain that the interests of my
constituents are much more strongly allied to those
of the North than the South. The same remark is
applicable, in its fullest extent, to every other dis-
trict in Western Virginia, and to many, if not to
all parts of the eastern division of the State. It wili
not, therefore, be a matter of surprise to any one, if,
in case the question assumes that aspect, I am found
co-operating with the Representatives of other grain-
growing and grazing districts, in endeavoring to
foster the interests of the farmer, by preserving and
enlarging the home market.
There are many considerations in support of
the principles ol this bill, which I had proposed (o
submit to the committee if I had obtained the floor
in an earlier stage of the debate. Bur, as other gep.-
tlemen have anticipated me m regard to th«Tfi,I
shall forbear from repeating themva«d"proeeed to
examine some of the arguments which have been
urged by gentlemen on the opposite side of the
question.
Among other things, we are told that a tariff will
tend to raise the price bf merchandise, and thereby
impose a burden on. the farmers and others who
consume it. This is, to some extent, tr ue; but do
not the farmers receive an equivalent for this bur-
den, in the blessings of a Government which pro-
tects them in the full enjoyment of the rights of per-
son and property, and in the increased price of the
■ productions of their labor? What is thv proportion
between the outlay of the farmer for articles which
are subject to duty, and the whole amount of the
sales of his crop? Suppose it to be one-half: if he
pays ten per cent, additional price for his goods,,
and receives from the improved home market but
five per cent, lacrease on the price of what he has
to sell, is it not plain that he is fully compensated'!
But this is not the only advantage to the farmer.
He is benefited not only in his income, but his
capital is also greatly augmented in value. Let me
illustrate this idea by an example. A farmer raises
on his land 1,000 bushels of wheat, which, in the
present condition of the country, i.s worth 90 cents
per bushel, or .$900 m the aggregate. Let us then
suppose that, by the passage of the tariff bill, and the
consequent impioyement in the home market, the
value of wheat is increased to ten cents per bushel:
what are the benefits which will accrue to the far-
mer? In the first place, he receives the ten cents
per bushel, which is equal to an sedition of S100 to
his income; and, in the next place, the value of his
land (which is his capital) is ^reatly enhanced.
The amount of this enhancement may be estimated
by treating the $100 as the additional annual profit
arising from it; and, as 8100 is the amount which a
capital of ©1,1)66 66 would yield at six per cent.,
we will not be far out of the way if we assume that
sum to be the ineasuie of the increased value of the
land. If the owner wished to sell or to lease it,
would he not require a much larger price or rent, if
its annual proceeds were worth $1,000, than if they
were worth but $900'?
But there is another consideration connected with
this branch of the subject, which must not be over-
looked. The duties on merchandise fall principal-
ly on articles which are not indispensable, and are
paid by the wealthier classes. The man who wears
fine broadcloths, and dresses his wife ami daugh-
ters in silks and velvets, and walks on rich Tur-
key or Brussels carpets, and drinks his costly
wines, pays hundreds of dollars; whilst the farmer
in the country, who owns property of equal value,
but does not choose to indulge in such extravagant
tastes, pays comparatively nothing. This is a mat-
ter which every man can regulate for himself, and
if he thinks proper to purchi^e the articles wh'ch
are subjectto taxation, beincurs the tax voluntarily,
and has no one to blame but himself.
But it is said that many of the articles subject to
duty are indispensable to the comfort of a family.
Thisistrue. But does any gentleman pretend that
the Government can be supported without money?
We must raise revenue from some quarter; and the
true question is, not one of taxation or no taxation,
but whether we will have the revenue collected in-
directly by duties on foreign goods, or by direct
taxes and excises on our lands and workshops!
But 1st its examine the operation of the duty npoa ,
some few articles -which are indispensable, and
see how wisely the system is adjusted to confer a
benefit on the farmer, by way of compensation for
the burden which it imposes. The first that I will
mention is the duty on loreign wool and woollens.
These are indispensable articles, and the tax on
them is a burden to the farmer. But does not this tax,
at the same time, have the effect of increasing the
value of the wool which he shears from his own
flocks'! and is he not thereby, in many instances,
more than compensated? But it is thought to be
veiy hard that iron and salt, which enter into the
consumption of the poorer classes, shou'd be sub-
ject toduty. Here, again, those who make the ob-
jection overlook the fact, ihat the iion-works and
the salt-furnaces bring large sums of money into
the country, and supply extensive markets to the
farmers, which frequently repay them a hundred-
fold for the very small increase in the price of
their salt and iron. „
Let us look at- the provisions of the present bill,
and see what additional burdens they impose upon
-a-f&rmer, who annually consumes 100 pohnds of
iron and six bushels of salt. The duty upon bar
iron, prior to the 1st of January last, was 821 per
ton, or about ninety-four cents per 100 lbs., and the
duty on Salt about 4J cents per bushel. TJbder the
present bill, the duty upon bar-iron is ft27 50 per
ton, or about SI 22 per 100 lbs., and the duty upon
salt is eight cents per bushel; so that, in the worst
aspect you can view it, the increased tax which
the farmer pays on his 100 lbs. of iron is 28 cents,
and on his six bushels of salt 21 cent1-; making the
aggregate of 49 cents per annum 1 And to com-
pensate for this, he has the advantages of the with-
drawal of the labor of thonsandsof operatives from
raising the very articles which come into competi-
tion with his own, and of the maikel which they
will furnish for his produce.
But I deny that the proposition is univeisally
true, that the price of aiticles is necessarily en-
hanced by laying an increased duly on them. The
effect of the increased duty is to enhance the price
for a time; but it eventualiv stimulates our own
citizpns to engage in the manufacture of the pro-
tected articles; and experience, which is better than
all reasoning, has shown that, in almost every in-
stance, an increased duty has, in the end, been
followed by a diminished price. Let us take, by
way of illustration, the articles of coarse cotton
cloths and nails, omitting many others which have
been alicudy referred to in this debate. About the
close of the last war with England, the moM indif-
ferent imported cottons were worth from 17 to 20
cents per yard. The tariff of IHifi imposed a heavy
prelecting duty on them, which has been continued
to the piesent lime, and which induced our citizens
to enter into the manufactuie; and now a better ar-
ticle can be had for Irom 6 to 8 cents a yard.
But the most conclusive evidence of the fallacy
of the notion, that every duty upon an article of im-
portation produces an increase of its price equal to
to the addition of the duty, is found in the article of
nails. Nails weie, until veiy recently, subject to a
duty of Jive cents per pound; and, of course, if the
doetrinc which 1 have stated was correct, we should
expect to find the pi ile ot nails equal to the cost m
the foreign market, the cost of freight and insu-
rance, the profit ol the importer, and the amount
of the duty; but, to the utter confusion of the sup-
porters of that doctrine, the prices current exhibit
the fact, that, while the duty continued, the nails
could be bought for 4i cents per pound—or less
than the amount of the duly1 The fallacy of the
reasoning of those who contend that an additional
duty necessarily produces an increased price, con-
sists m an utter disregard of the most important
fact,that a protective duty, instead of creatmgamo-
nopolv in favor ot the home manufacturer, tends to
destroy the foreign monopoly, by stimulating domes-
tic competition 1
But I am admonished by the rapid flight of time
not to dwell too long upon this topic. I will take
this occasion, however, to state, in a very few words,
my idea of the general principles which should
govern us in the arrangement of our system of im-
posts. In my opinion, our duties should be laid
with a view to revenue and to incidental protection,
but not to prohibition. We should carefully exam-
ine into the exact condition and wants of every in-
terest; tad we should extend to all, as far as we
can, the fostering aid of a parental Government.
But we should have no pet interests. Equal protec-
tion should be given to all. How is this equality to
be attained) Is it by a uniform ad valorem duty in
all cases? Certainly not; for that would produce
the very inequality which you are seeking to avoid.
One manufacture may have arrived at a high de-
gree of perfection, and may be able to enter into
competition with the fabrics of other nations, with-
out any aid from legislation; whilst another, being
in its infancy, may require the most careful pro-
tection. A duty often per cent, ad valorem would
exclude foreign cottons from your markets, whilst
a duty of twenty per cent, would not afford ade-
quate protection to your woollens. It is the prov-
ince of the statesman to obtain precise information
in regard to all these interests, and to adapt his
legislation to the varying circumstances and con-
dition of the country. If he should find that Great
Britain, by her superior machinery, greater skill,
larger capital, and cheaper labor, has an advantage
over our manufacturers of 30 percent, inwoollensj
of 20 percent, in iron,and of 10 per cent, in cot-
tofl^, is it tiot obvious that a uniform ad valorem
duly on these articles would have a most unequal
operation?
In such a case, it would seem to me, that equal-
ity and justice would require that the protection,
should be proportioned to the wants of the various
branches ol manufacture, and that the duties on.
the articles named should be laid at 30 20, and 10
per cent, respectively, instead of bein^f uniform.
Then competition would ensue—the ingenuity of
both nations would be taxed to find out new and
cheaper modes of manufacture, and, in a few years,
the price of the article would be brought down to
the lowest point at which it could be afforded.
But suppose that, ins!cad of thus graduating ytiftt
duties, you were to adopt the principle of my SotKli-i
ern friends, and impose a uniform duty of 20 per
cent.: you would exclude the-foreign cottons al-
together, and thus give the home manufacturer a
monopoly. You would place the iron manufac-
turer upon a fair ground of competition with the
foreign producer; and yoti would afford no protec-
tion to the woollen manufacturer, who would be
compelled to discontinue the business, and leave
it to be monopolized by Great Britain! And thus,
instead of destroying one monopoly, you would
establish two!
t will now leave this branch of the subject, and
proceed to consider the great argument against a
tariff; which has been urged through all time, and
has been put forth, in every modification, by va-
rious gentlemen m this debate. I allude to the al-
legation, that every duty laid upon an imported ar-
ticle operates as a tax upon the'consumer, for the
benefit of the domestic manufacturer.
I have already had occasion to show that this
proposition rests, to some exteht, upoh an uhsouftd
basis, by exhibiting facts to prove, m the first plac'fe',
that it is not trite, in all cases, that an increased
duly causes an increased price; and, secondly, that
if it does, such increase is not equal to the enhance-
ment of duly. But there are other views of the
subject, to which I invite the attention of the com-
mittee. If it be true, that every duty or tax which
is imposed upon an article of merchandise, either
in its law state, or in its progress through the vari-
ous stages of manufacture, or in the form of an
impost duly, constitutes an addition to its price,
wliich must be paid by the person who buys and
consumes it—doesit not follow, by parity of reason-
ing, that every bounty granted upon an article of
meicliandise, at any time up to the period of its
consumption, must tend to diminish, to that extent,
the price to be paid by the consumer? Or, to state
the proposition in a more condensed form: if every
tax on an article is a burden to the consumer; is
not the correlative proposition equally true, that
every bounty upon an article is a benefit to the con-
sumer? No gentleman will pretend to deny that
the second branch of the proposition is an inev-
itable deduction from the first: but to what conse-
quences does this lead us? It proves that all the
bounties which England gives upon her exported
glass, and other articles which are the subjects of
bounty under her laws, are not benefits conferred
on her glass manufactures, &c., but mere gratui-
ties to the American consumers! It proves, also,
that our whole system of drawbacks and fishing
bounties is radically wrong, and, instead of benefit-
ing our own citizens, whose interests they were in-
tended to promote, amount in effect to donations to
strangers ! Yet every intelligent man knows that
such results do not ensue; and hence we are au-
thorized to infer that the theory of the gentlemen
must be unsound.
But I propose to subject this theory to another
