264
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July, 1845.
27TH CO G"..3I) Skss.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. A.H.H. Stuart.
H. of Reps.
. simple.practical test. Its advocates say that the
/consumer pays all the taxes imposed upon an ar-
. tide of merchandise, because the tax becomes in-
corporated into the price of the article, and con-
stitutes part and parcel of it; and, consequently,
Be who buys the article and consumes it, pays the
, tax as well as the cost of production, and the other
elements which, in the aggregate, make up the
price. If this be true, I presume it will be con-
ceded that it is a matter of indifference when the
tax is laid, where it is laid, or how it is laid. It
may be laid upon the raw material or upon the
_ fabric. It may be laid as an excise duty, or an
export duty, in England; or it may be laid as an
impost duty in one of our ports; provided the
amount is the samp, it makes no difference to the
consumer; he has to pay it at any rate, and it is a
matter of no concern to him who gets the benefit
of it. Now, if this proposition be true in regard
to goods imported into this country, there can be
no good reason why it should not be eaually true
in regard to articles exported from it. The princi-
ple is the same, and the inversion of the course of
trade cannot affect it. I then submit it to the ad-
vocates of that doctrine to inform this committee
what is to prevent this Government, by a very
slight change in its fundamental law and com-
mercial policy, from levying all its expenses upon
citizens of foreign countries. Suppose that, by an
amendment of our Constitution, we should author-
ize Congress to lay export duties, and that m
pursuance of that authority our Government should
impose export duties upon those article.s which
Europe can obtain nowhere else—such as cotton,
tobacco, and flour—taking care not to lay ihem so
high as to be prohibitory: according to the doctrine
of Southern gentlemen, these duties would all
fall upon the consumers of the articles in Europe,
and thus we could saddle the expenses of our
Government upon foreign nations, and relieve our
own people from taxation altogether! The producers
of cotton, and tobacco, and flour, surely could not
object to such a tax! They would not have a dol-
lar of it to pay; for, according to their own doc-
trine, it would only tend to enhance the pricc in
the foreign market, and the consumer would have
it all to pay! But suppose such a measure were
gravely submitted for the consideration of Con-
gress: do you think Southern gentlemen would
agree to if! This would biing their faith in
their theories to a practical test; and I think I
. hazard but little in saying thev would reject the
proposition with scorn. Yes, sii, highly as ihey
prize the blessings of this Union, they would soon-
er see it sundered forever than submit to such an
imposition!
But the distinguished gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Pickbns] has taken occasion, in the
course of his lemaik.s, to repudiate, or rather to
qualify, this favorite doctrine of his friends. lie
now admits that the whole duty is not paid by the
consumer, but contends that it is equally divided
between the producer and the consumer. Is the
proposition true in this modified fbim'! If it is, we
have only to adapt our legislation to it; and, by a
judicious arrangement of our levenue system, we
can collect one-half of the expenses of the Govern-
ment from foreigners, by expat:l Juues,- tm-d the
other half by imports; and not a dollar need be
drawn from the pockets of our own people!
But I cannot leave this point without invoking
the attention of those gentlemen who have express-
ed a preference for a system of direct taxation
over the impost system, to the important con cession
in favor of the latter which is contained in the
proposition of the gentleman iiom South Carolina,
[Mr. Picken'o.] Whilst every one must admit that
direct taxation falls exclusively on our own citi-
zens, he admits that one-half of all the taxes levied
indirectly by a system of imposts is paid by foreign-
ers! When these gentlemen bring foi ward then-
project for direct taxation as a substitute for the im-
post system, the only question, according to the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, for the people to de-
cide, w'l! be—whether they prefer to bear the whole
or the half of the taxation necessary for the support
of Government!
In my judgment, Mr. Chairman, there can be no
fixed rule for estimating the relative proportion of
the duty which is paid by the producer and the con-
sumer. It depends upon, and is controlled by, a
variety of circumstances which are fluctuating in
their character. The relation between the supply
and demand exercises a most important influence
over it. II there be a small demand and a
supply, the market will be glutted, and the producer
must reduce his price, so as to lose the amount of
the increased duty. But if the supply be small,
and the demand great, then the producer may exact
a higher price, so as to cover the increased duty.
The truth of these propositions is very clearly illus
traied by a reference to our coffee-trade. At the
extra session of the present Congress, a bill passed
the House of Representatives imposing a duty of
two cents per pound upon coffee; and when the
news reached Kio Janeiro, the price of coffee im-
mediately declined two cents per pound. The rea-
son of this was, that there was a large supply on
hand; and the holders were obliged to take what
they could get for it, and submit to the loss of the
amount of the anticipated duty. But suppose, on
the other hand, there had been a small supply: is it
not obvious that the holders of coffee might have
exacted two cents in addition to the former price,
so as to meet the new duty"! It may not be amiss,
whilst I am on this point, io advert to another fact
connected with the cofTee*trade. Some years ago
Congress removed the duty upon coffee altogether-
and what was the result1? The increased demand
thereby created kept up the pricc to the old stand-
ard; and our citizens were deprived of the benefit
of the tax, without receiving any equivalent advan-
tage. The withdrawal of this tax was, therefore,
a bounty to the producer. If, on the other hand, the
tax had been imposed at the extra session, it would
have (fallen as the facts which I have mentioned
cleatly prove) entirely on the producer; for the de
cline in the foreign value was exactly equal to the
anticipated duty; and we should have received the
tax, and paid no more for our coffee.
But we arc told by the opponents of this bill, that
ihc system of imposts operates unequally, and con-
fers exclusive benefits upon some portions of the
Union at the expense of others. This is a grave
charge, and one which merits profound investiga-
tion; for I hold it to be the duty of the Government
to look with an impartial eye to the interests of the
whole country. I have, therefore, felt called on
to bestow much care in the examination of the
practical operation of our whole revenue system,
and of our commercial relations, upon all the dif-
ferent sections and interests of the Union. The
result of that investigation is a thorough conviction
that a variety of circumstances have conspired to
give to the cotton-growing States most important
advantages over other divisions of the Confed-
eracy. Their representatives are by no means in-
sensible of this fact, as is evident from the tenacity
with which they adhere to them. And if we sift
the subject to the bottom, it will be found that, whilst
South Carolina is so eloquent, through her represent-
atives on this floor, in denouncing exclusive ad-
vantages and partial benefits, she is herself in the
full fruition of them! and however unconscious
her champions may be of the fact, I apprehend
thatthcirzaal in opposition to this bill is not a little
stimulated by the apprehension that it may have
an unfavorable influence on her exclusive priv-
ileges, and diminish the peculiar protection which
is now afforded to her interests. Strange as the
proposition may seem to Southern gentlemen, I
maintain thai no tariff bill which has ever passed
lias cohTTrmraTl"rwoTmrTif-prote«aoii and of par-
tial benefit on the Worth,equal to that which, under
our present commercial system, is enjoyed by the
South, and I will proceed at once to prove it
In pursuing the investigation of this topic, it is
necessary to have a distinct understanding of the
meaning which is to be attached to the term pmUr.-
Uon. I mean by it—not merely the encouragement
and aid which any branch of industry receives from
our own laws and our own commercial regu-
lations, but also the advantages which it derives
tiorn foreign legislation and foreign policy. A
benefit may be conferred, or an injury inflicted,
upon any of our great interests, just as effectually
by an act of the British Parliament, or bv an order
in council, as by a law of Congress. In order, then,
to have a correct idea of the true condition of any
of our great interests, we must examine all their
relations. We must look abroad, as well as at home;
for we would have a very imperfect knowledge of
the actual state of affairs, if we confined our views
to our own legislation, without regard to that of
other nations.
What, then, is the present policy of Gr.eat Brit- !
ain in regard to the various interests of our confed-
eracy, and what are the effects of that policy on
them"! It requires but a very superficial examina-
tion to show that, in regari to most of them, her
interests and her policy are directly opposed to ours.
The principal interests of Great Britain are her
commercial and navigating, manufacturing, agri-
cultural, and colonial interests; and her system of
policy is carefully adapted to the promotion and
encouragement of all of them,by imposing onerous
duties, restrictions, and prohibitions intended to
prevent the competition of similar interests of other
countries with those of her own subjects. It is not
my purpose, Mr. Chairman, to enter into a dis-
cussion of the wisdom or justice of that policy. All
that I propose is, to examine briefly the effects of
it upon the different sections of our confederacy.
Our commercial,navigating, and manufacturing
interests belong generally to the North and East;
and hence the restrictive measures of Great Brit-
ain, which are designed to promote her commer-
cial, navigating, and manufacturing interests, fall
principally upon our Northern and Eastern States.
The great agricultural districts of the United
States lie intheMiddle and Western States, and
hence the burdens of the English coin laws, and
other measures, intended to sustain her own agri-
culture, are felt most severely by the people of the
Middle and Western States.
The sugar inierest of the United States is limited
to the single State of Louisiana, and, as a necessary
consequence, that State is more injuriously affected
than any other by the duties and restrictions which
Great Britain has established for the protection of
the sugars of her own colonies.
It thus appears plainly, that, in regard to all these
branches ot our national industry, England has in-
terests which are adverse to ours; and that those in-
terests have induced her to adopt a system of policy
which is in a high degree injurious to the prosperity
of the United States.
But there is one great staple of our country which,
for the present at least, stands in a different rela-
tion to the interests of England; and hence we per-
ceive that her policy in regard to it is exactly the
reverse of what 1 have shown it to be in reference to
all others. I refer to the article of cotton. That
does not come at present into competition with any
English interest. Great Britain has not vet per-
fected the establishment of a cotton interest of her
own in India; and she is not ready, therefore, to bring
her restrictive system to bear upon ours. It is ob-
vious, however, from all the signs of the times, that
this exception from her general policy, which she
makes m favor of cotton, will be of short duration;
for I perceive from a table which has been pub-
lished in most of the newspapers, that the amount
ofEast India cotton imported into England in the
first sixteen weeks of the year 1841, was but
4G,289 bales, and for the corresponding period of
the present year the amount was 92,688 bales, being
an increase of more than 100 per cent.; whilst the
increase upon the importations from America was
but 15 per cent. For the present, however, our
cotton is essential to the prosperity of her manu-
factures; and hence she makes a virtue of necessity,
and receives it subject to a very small duty.
Having thus taken thi«review of the British pol-
icy, I ask what is the effect of it upon the various
interests of our nation'! Is it not to oppress the in-
dustry of the Northern, Middle, Western, and ex-
treme Southern States, with heavy burdens, and to
confer peculiar benefits on the cotton-growing States'?
Does not the cotton interest, under the existing com-
mercial regulations between this country and Eng.
land,possess exclusive privileges? Doesnotthe pro-
duct of that region find a hearty welcome in the
British ports, whilst those of every other part of the
Union are met with restrictions, exactions, and
prohibitions'! If this be not an exclusive privi-
lege, will gentlemen tell me what constitutes one"?
Isitnot a preference given to the productions of
one part of our country over those of all others'?
And are we tamely to acquiesce in this policy of a
foreign nation1? Suppose that such an unjust advan-
tage had been secured to one part of the Union over
the others, by a treaty stipulation, or by our own
legislation: would the country submit to it? No,
sir! A flame of indignation would pervade the na-
tion from one end to the other! The whole land
would resound with denunciations of the injustice
and iniquity of such partial legislation, and "repeal
or revolution" would be the battle-cry of an in-
censed people!
And yet, because this result is produced by a for-
eign Government, to promote its own interests, we
are told, in effect, that it is our duty to submit to the
unequal operation of the laws of England I What,
sir, Js the argument of the South, to induce th«
