iuly, >841.
gfru Cong.-'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
~$St&
-3d Sbss.
The Tariff Bill-Mr. A. H. H. Stuart.
H, of Reps.
f sections of the Union to bow their necks to
the yoke"! When stripped of all its specious dis-
guises, it amounts to nothing more nor less that
this: "If our Government should impose duties on
English merchandise, England wiH no longer buy
oar cotton! We must, therefore, insist that the
Northern, Middle, and Western States shall give
np their manufactures, c-ease to make their own
supplies, and consent to buy them from England,
that England maybe the mote able to give us a
good price for our cotton!"
Thus it is attempted to make all the agricultural,
manufacturing, commercial, navigating and fishing
interests, subservient to the cotton interest!
There is a great principle of national indepen-
dence which Ties behind this question, which it
behooves i,s to consider well before we act. If
any foreign nation has a right 10 make discrimina-
tions jn favor of the productions of one part of our
country, with a view to promote her own domestic
interests, may she not make discriminations for the
purpose ot striking down the interests of another
parti and ifwe are not at liberty to adopt a counter-
vailing system, may she not, thereby, obtain coot--'
plete control over our domestic policy"! Ifsrtie'can
discriminate for one purpose, may. she-fiotdo so for
ahy and all purposes? If she can do so to favor
one State, she can do so' to injure another. Sup-
pose, then, that England, from motives of resent-
ment towards New York, because of the interfe-
rence of her citizens in the Canadian disturbances,
hereto make a discrimination in her commercial
policy against the trade from New York: would
this nation submit to it! Or suppose (hat Eng-
land were to hold this language to Mississippi:
"You have repudiated your Si ate debts, and, until
you make provision for their payment, we shall
levy a discriminating duty on all cotton grown in
Mississippi, to raise a fund to pay the interest to
your creditors!" Would not every son of that
gallant State be ready to shed the last drop of his
blood, before he would submit to such an assump-
tion of power by England1? Would she not at
once invoke the aid ot the national arm to redress
the injury done to her citizens by such an odious
regulation 1 Yet, X ask gentlemen, if the policy of
Great Britain does not now cieate a discrimination
against the products of three-fourths of the States
in favor of the other fourth, just as effectually as
if her laws had been framed to produce that re-
sult1? It matters not what the motive may be, the
effects are the same; and our duty to guard against
those effects is not the less imperative because
they-may not have proceeded from an unfriendly
feeling.
Butthere is one other form in which I wish to
present this subject to my iriends fiom the South.
Every gentleman upon this floor has„no doubt, had
occasion to advert to the course of the English Gov-
ernment, for many years past, in regard to the sub-
ject of slavery and the slave-trade; and there are but
few who have not been filled with disgust at the hy-
pocrisy and insincerity by which it has been mark-
ed. Weall know that Eng and introduced slavery
intothe United Status; and that her refusal to aid
in suppressing it was one of the wrongs which im-
pelled this country to a declaration of independ-
ence. She wanted .the slaves here for the inter-
ests of her commerce and manufactures. She
wanted them to produce the raw material, and to
supply a market for her fabrics. She also encour-
aged the introduction of slaves into South Ameri-
ca; andactuallv entered into a contract by which
she obtained the monopoly ol ihe slave-trade to Bra-
zil. This also was dune topiornoe her commer-
cial interests. Recently, however, she has con-
ceived the idea of building up a cotton interest of
•her own in India; and liem-e she is smitten with a
sudden feeling of humanily, and a holy horror ol
the slave-trade; and her cruisers aie spread over
the African seas, to suppress the cruel traffic in
human beings, which for years she had monopo-
lized! The object is plain enough. She no
longer ha> an interest m ptoinoting the growth oi
cotton in Brazil, and hence she feels no de<iie to
supply the labor that is to piuduce it. But this ts
not all. She is looking ultimately to the Indies for
her cotton; and when the culture is firmly estab-
lished there, her policy will then ^ be directed
against the cotton ol America, which is the product
of slave-labor. And I venture to predict, that, the
first moment she feels she can do so with safety, she
will be seized with another spasm of simulated phi-
lanthropy, and exclude from her ports the cotton of
the South, on tlie ground that she cannot, even in-
directly, sustain the institution of slavery by deal-
ing in the productions that uphold it ! Are South-
ern gentlemen now prepared to establish a prece-
dent which shall justify such an impertinent inter-
ference with their domestic institutions by a foreign
nation? Are gentlemen prepared to admit the right
ot England to prescribe indirectly, as one of the
terms of our commercial intercourse, that the
Southern slaves shall be liberated! If they are,
then are they justified in maintaining the doctrine
that we are not at liberty to meet, by counter
legislation, the unjust discrimination which the
policy of England has made between the different
sections of our Union. All the consequences which
I have adverted to, plainly follow from the doc-
trine of acquiescence in foreign legislation. What
I desire above all things is to meet these attempts of
England at the threshold, and to assert the- power
of our own Government to regulate our own af-
fairs, and to protecUhe'industry of our own peo-
ple. I, fbr ori-e,-am for adopting an enlarged system
o/polAey, which shall break down all exclusive
-privileges, whether secured by our own or foreign
laws, and extend to all parts of the country equal
protection and encouragement.
I hope now, Mr Chaiiman, that we shall hear no
more from Southern gentlemen of exclusive privi-
leges, since it is obvious that the whole tendency
of their votes here is to-.sustain the exclusive ad-
vantages which they now enjoy under the partial
legislation of England !
But, Mr. Chairman, we ate to'd by the elo-
quent gentleman fiom South Carolina, [Mr. Pick-
ens,] that the system of retaliation and restric-
tion is oppo.-ed to the spirit of the age, and un-
worthy of an enlightened people. He has repre-
sented the genius of commerce as a beautiful
maiden; freed from all the restraints of an anti-
quated governess, panting for the largest liberty,
and ready to unfold her bright pinions to the
winds of heavens, and fly to the uttetmost parts of
the earth! He has then poured forth torrents of
denunciation upon those \\ ho would load her grace-
ful limbs with ciuel fetters! Sir, I will continue
the beautiful simile of the gentleman, and say to him,
far be it from my purpose to fasten iron chains
upon the fair creature of his fancy ! I propose not
to enslave her, but merely to impose on hei that
restraint, and afford to her that protection, which is
necessary to save her ftom the dangers with which
her pathway is beset!
We have heard a great deal, Mr. Chairman, in
the course of this discussion, about "free trade."
Sir, what is it'? A mere phantom ! an idle dream
of visionary theorists ! Is it attainable"? Is imprac-
ticable"? Will any olhpr nation adopt itl Has any
other nation ever adopted it"? No! Whytalkabout
it. then"? The d' ctrine is predicated upon a notion
of what men and nations ought to be, instead of
what they are! Like the wild conceit of the per-
fectability ot man, it seizes upon the minds ol its
votaries, and causes them to lose sight of the exist-
ing stato of things in the contemplation ol some dun
visions of futurity. Sir, speculative philosophy is
one thing—practical legislation is another. We
were sent here to le^i-latc foi this nation as it is.
We must look at the actual state of things at home
and abroad.. We muf^t look to the vices and follies
of mankind, as well as to their virtues; and we
must shape our legislation so as to attain, not the
greatest possible good, but the greatest practicable
good. Have othei nations manifested a desim to
meet us upon the basis of free trade'? Let the
table of comparative tai ifts on your desk answer the
question! What is the aggtegate of ynnr iinpoit-
ations into this ennntry'? and wha' is the amount
ot duties which you collect upon iheml
The whole importation of 18-11 was - $127,915,000
The whole amount of duties, was - 1-1,487,000
Being at the rate of 11J per cent.
What, on the other hand, is the whole jtm'ount of
your products exported to other countries, and
what is the amount of duties which they collect
upon them'? Upon this point we have not precise
mien mation; but I have an estimate which has been
prepared with great cate by a highly skilful gentle-
man, who has collected abroad a large body of
commercial facts for the Government. I have
reason to believe that it is not far from the truth.
According to that—
The whole amount of exportations in
1841 was - $91,000,000
The amount of duties levied on them
was - - 113,500,000
Being at the rate of 124 per cent.
But let us now come to some of the articles
raised in my own district.
The average value of the tobacco exported in 1839
and 1840 was $9,225,145.
Upon this was levied a tax, in Europe, of $32,-
463,540—being a tax of near 300 percent, upon the
value of the article in this country!
The following table will show, in detail, the
amount of the duties, in the principal nations of
Europe, on some of the most important articles of
exportation irom our country, in 1840:
Aiucle.
Great Britain.
France.
Russia.
Flour •
S3 12£ pel bbl
$10 63 per 220
$3 37 per sis:
pounds.
bushels.
Wheat
$.•  20 per qr..
oi 95 cts. pel
bushel.
4 63 per22gal-
lous.
Same rate.
ITnmanufactur
cd tobacco -
72 cts per lb.
PiohibUed on
$7 50 per 3$
pnvate ac't.
Government
pounds.
Manufactured
monopoly.
tobacco
$2 16 per lb.
do.
$3 73 per 36
pounds.
And yet, in the face of these most ruinous re-
strictions and exactions, we are invited to throw
open our ports to the merchandise of those whose in-
genuity is tasked to the utmost to devise new
modes of extortion from us.
But we are told that a change is about to take
place in the policy of England, and that she will
soon adopt the principles ot free trade, and it be-
hooves us to meet her m the proper spirit. For my
part, sir, before I would be willing to change the
policy of this Government to meet the views of
England, I would require rather more substantial
evidences of her intentions, than mere empty pro-
fessions. Her system of lree trade is well defined
m the following extract from the speech of one
of her statesmen. Mr. Robertson, in a recent debate
in the Ilouse of Commons, in which he said:
"It was idle for us to endeavor to persuade other
nations to join with us in adopting the principles
of what was called free trade. Other nations knew
as well as the noble lord opposite, and those who
acted with him, that what we meant by free trade
was nothing more nor less than, by means of the
great advantages we enjoyed, to get a monopoly of
their inarkeis'lorour manufactures, anil to prevent
them, one and all, from ever becoming manufac-
turing nations."
That is exactly her policy. She knows she has
ill,!,: capital, belter machinery, cheaper labor,
gie; 'er mechanical skill, and a more extensive
marine than any other nation on earth; and that,
o\\ ing to these circumstance^, no other nation can
come into fair competition with her; and hence
she endeavors to delude them by the senseless cry
of free trade.
I have been surprised, Mr. Chairman, that there
has been, during the whole course of this debate,
an apparent acquiescence upon the part of all who
have adverted to the subject, in the idea that, if all
nations would adopt the principles of free trade,
it would be their true policy. Sir, I deny the doc-
tune, our. and out; and I wish, as far as my feeble
blow will avail, to strike the axe directly to the
root of the tree. I maintain that what is called free
trade—that is, trade unrest!ained by commercial
regulation.-, orimposts.or taxes of any kind—would
be the most unequal tiade that could possibly exist,
and would lead to the establishment of the most
absolute dominion of some nations, and the most
slavish subjection of others. In order to give equal
advantages' under such a system, you must adopt
tl-.e principles of national agrariamsm—you must
make all nations equal in all respects—you must
endow them with the same intelligence, the same
industry, and the same mechanical skill—you
must give them equal capital, equal machinery,
equal water-power, and equal amounts of all the
elements of national wealth. They must be equal-
ly refined and civilized, and have equal facilities
for the transportation of their commodities to and
from their markets. The slightest disparity in any
of these respects, or in geographical position, or in
any of a thousand oiher incidents which might be
named, would destroy the balance ofthesystem, and
