'-i -'
APPENDIX tH) THK CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB-
July, 1842,
27th Cong 3d Sess.
The Tariff Bill—Mr. Ji. H. H. Stuart,
H. of Reps.
inequality in wealth and power would immediately
-ensue. How could a nation having no machinery
compete with one like Great Britain, whose steam
power is probably ten times as great as the com-
bined animal power of her whole population"? How
could there be equality between an inland nation
_ ifrithout a bark to bear her flag, and the "Ocean
Queen," whose canvass whitens every seal How
can there ever be fair competition—freedom of
trade between power and weakness—between
■wealth and poverty—between knowledge and ig-
hdrance—between industry and idleness1! Sir, the
hotioii is preposterous. You had as well oppose
the helplessness of childhood to the matured power
of manhood, as to place the infant manufactures of
the United States in competition with those of
England! Adopt the system ot free trade, and the
dream of Pharoah will be reversed: the fat kine
will devour the lean—the more powerful nations
will swallow up the trade of the weaker. The
people who have the advantages of local position,
of industry and intelligence, will soon assert their
natural superiority, and become rich and prosper-
ous at the expense of the less favored and the less
sagacious. We have, upon our own continent, a
specimen of free trade in all its deformities. Be-
tween the United States and the Indian tribe*, the
most perfect freedom of trade exists, unrestrained
and untrammeled by any restrictions or duties;
and what has been the result1? Has there been that
mutuality of benefit which the advocates of free
trade promise to all who will adopt its principles'?
Have the Indians grown rich and prosperous
under the benign influence of a commerce freed
from all the shackles imposed by antiquated and
exploded prejudices! or has the whole intercourse
between the paities to it been a system of fraud,
extortion, and plunder on the one side, and oppres-
sion, ruin, and annihilation on the othcrl
There is yet another example of free trade upon
this continent, to which I will barely advert upon
this occasion. I refer to the trade between the
various States of this Union, which, under the pro-
visions of our Constitution, must, through all time,
remain free. Many of the Southern politicians
have imagined, from time to time, that the North-
ern States have, from some cause, obtained an un-
due advantage over them in the commerce of the
country, and they have occasionally held conven-
tions and suggested various restrictive measures,
to restore to themselves their due proportion. All
these means have failed, and they have persuaded
themselves that the injury results, in a great meas-
ure, from the restrictions imposed by the General
Government on our foreign commerce. Without
pretending to solve this important problem, I will
take the liberty of suggesting the inquiry whether
tho effect which they deplore may not flow fr. m
a cause very different from the one assigned, and
whether, in point of fact, it may not be the perfect
freedom of trade between the Slates of this Union,
and not the restrictions upon loreign commerce,
which has enabled the North to use her natural
advantages in such a way as to gain the ascendenev
over the South! There is one fact which 1 will
refer to, in this connexion, which maybe entitled
to consideration. Before the adoption of the Fed-
eral Constitution, when each State regulated its
own commerce, there was no such concentration of
trade at one or two points, as we now find. Even
Virginia then carried on a large direct trade; and
we are told by tradition, that Yorktown—a village
which, but for its proud historic associations with
the close of our Revolutionary struggle, would
hardly find a place upon the map of the Ancient
Dominion—wasonce the port through which Phila-
delphia received the larger portion of her supplies
of foreign merchandise.
I have now, Mr. Chairman, finished what I pro-
posed to say upon the general merits of the bill.
But I cannot lake my seat without adding a few
words in regard to the deep interest which the State
of Virginia has in the success of the measure now
under consideration. It is my deliberate convic-
tion, that she will derive more benefit fiom it than
any other Stale of the Union; for there is no other
State which has such a variety of interests to be
promoted. Many States possess advantages over
her in some respects, but where will you find one
which combines so many of the elements of wealth,
of greatness, and of powerl She is situated in the
very heart of the confederacy. She has a seacoast,
including the bay, unrivalled m extent; and her
western border is, for hundreds of miles, washed
by the waters of the Ohio. Her shores are deeply
indented with bays, and inlets, and creeks, afford-
ing every facility for navigation. The Ohio, the
Potomac, the James,and half a score of other nav-
igable rivers, have their sources in her mountains,
and, radiating as from a common centre, wind their
way for hundreds of miles through her lerritory,
imparting fertility to her soil, and supplying, at the
same time, the power to drive the most extensive
machinery, and the best possible channel for trans-
porting the manufactured fabrics to market. Her
soilis adapted to the growth of almost every vege-
table production known to our country. Wheat,
rye, Indian corn, oats, tobacco, hemp, flax,potatoes,
and every species of grass and fruit known to tem-
perate climates, a'tain the highest degree of perfec-
tion within herborders. Her mineral wealth is no
less diversified than abundant. She possesses gold,
and silver, and copper, and iron, and lead, and salt,
and gypsum, and coal, to an extent that would seem
almost incredible to one who had not taken some
pains to acquire particular information on the sub-
ject.
Her forests a'cound in the best lumber, and her
mountains afford pastures for sheep, which will
enable her, almost without an effort, to supplant
Vermont in the wool-trade; for whilst, in the fro-
zen regions of the North, the flocks must be fed
half the year, in our more genial climate they
can generally find the means of subsistence for
themselves, in the luxuriant growth of the moun-
tains. In regard to water-power too, she has pecu-
liar advantages, not only in its extent and gen-
eral diflusion over her territory, but from the fact
that machinery- is so little liable to be interrupted
in the winter by ice. The same remark is ap-
plicable to her canals and navigable streams, which
are frequently not closed at all during the win-
ter, and never for more than a lew weeks. If
any gentleman wishes to see a specimen of the
natural advantages of Virginia, let him visit her
metropolis. Where will he find such a combina-
tion of all the natural advantages for a great man-
ufacturing city as Richmond presents'? Inexhaust-
ible supplies of coal and iron are found in the
immediate neighborhood of the city. The James
River Canal, which already penetrates 150 miles
into the interior of the country, and is destined at
no distant day to form the most convenient line
of connexion between the seaboard and the Ohio,
affords not only the means of access to the inland
markets, but supplies an almost unlimited extent
of water-power, to impel the machinery neces-
sary for every species of manufacture. Various
lines of railroads, extending in every direction, in-
vite the trader of the surrounding country, by fur-
nishing the most convenient and speedy means of
effecting the exchanges of the products of agricul-
ture for the fabrics of the merchant and the man-
ufacturer. Her cential position and proximity to
the Southern and Southwestern country, where
cotton is produced, and a large market for manu-
factures is found, must give her decided advantages
over the ^manufacturing towns of the Norlh, which
are obliged to encounter the expense of the double
transportation of the raw material to the North to
be manufactured, and of the fabric to the South to
be consumed. Her manufacturers will also enjoy
another important advantage, from the fact that
they will be enabled to throw their fabrics into the
market without delay; and thus their capital will
always be actively employed, instead of being idle
during the long periods of the transit of the raw
material from the South to the North, and back
again. Give Virginia, then, the benefit of this bill,
and you will soon see factories springing up on all
her water-courses; you will see her coal-fields ex-
plored; her rich mines opened up; her commerce
revived; her agriculture invigorated; her capital
increased, not merely by the gradual accessions of
her own industry, but by the influx from abroad,
which,her superior natural resources will invite.
Give her, I repeat, the benefit of this bill; and you
will diffuse prosperity through all her borders; her
citizens will no longer be compelled to leave the
home of their childhood in search of a precarious
subsistence in the Far West; the tide of emigration
will cease; and the proud Old Dominion will again,
at no distant day, assume her appropriate position
in the front rank of the members of otir glorious
confederacy.
THE END.
