1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to place the rales of this House in such a condi-
tion as will enable us to do the business of the
country.
Let me say a word then in reference to the first
amendment which I propose. The order of things
duryig the whole of last Congress, seemed to be
this: after the expiration of the morning hour,
some gentleman would move to go into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, for the
purpose, as was supposed, of transacting the busi-
ness which appeared on the Calendar; but, instead
of that, the very moment we got into committee,
under the latitude of debate which was allowed
there, the universal practice with all of us was, to
stand upon this floor and make nothing but Bun-
combe speeches. This was the case, day after day.
Now, sir, I am not adveise to such speeches, and
gentlemen will perceive that I have made a provis-
ion in the amendment which I have offered, which
will enable us to engage in that kind of debate when-
evera majority of the House wishes toindulgein it.
Consequently, by the amendment which I propose,
whenever it is the wish of the House to so into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and take up the message of the President, then
debate will open upon any and all subjects; but
unless the message is under consideration, the pro-
vision which [ have offered will confine members
as much to the matter immediately under consid-
eration in the committee as they are confined by
the rules when in the House. I think, therefore,
that the beneficial character of my amendment
must be apparent. If it be not adopted, we shall
have a repetition of the scenes enacted at the last
session of Congress.
Mr. Speaker, in reference to the second propo-
sition, I beg gentlemen, and especially gentlemen
who were present here at the last session, to give
the subject their earnest and undivided attention.
Now, it will be remembered, at the first session of
the last Congress, that when engaged under the
rules, in calling upon the committees for reports,
we progressed as far as the Committee on the
Public Lands. At that point we stalled, and there
remained famine months, or until we adjourned;
and what was the reason?
(Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that a quorum of
that body had assembled, and werfe ready to pro-
ceed to business.]
Mr. M ACE, (resuming.) What was the reason
of our stalling at the Committee on the Public
Lands? Some four hundred subjects had been
referred to that committee, and I do not make any
reflection upon its members on this occasion, nor
did I at the last session, for their course of con-
duct. They were desirous, as all committees
were, to get in their reports before the House; and.
under the rules, a member of that committee had
nothing to do during the morning houi—the only
hour during which reports were received—than to
report a bill from his committee, occupy the whole
of that hour in the discussion of the merits of the
bill, and when the hour expired move that it be
recommitted to his committee. And there was an
end of the calling of committees for that day, as a
matter of couise. Under the provision which I
offer, I have attempted to guard and place busi-
ness in such a condition that if a bill be reported
from a committee, and it be essential that the
House should act upon it at once, that two thirds
of the House can so older it. Unle.ss that neces-
sity exists, bills from all committees will be placed
upon the calendar m their order, and be discussed
when they come up in the Committeeof the Whole
on the state of the Union. So that 1 think that I
have fortified against that great abuse which ex-
isted at the last session of Congress. Now, I am
aware that, during the last session, many gentle-
men supposed our rules were efficient; that they
were proper for the guidance of the House. But
as-one member of the last Congress I protested
that such was not the fact; and I say now to gen-
tlemen, that every man who wishes to legislate
and transact the business of the country, and to
pass affirmatively or negatively upon measures,
that unless he vote for the adoption of the rule
about which 1 am talking, that but little legislation
will be done. There is a class of men who believe
that no legislation should be had, and for the pur-
poses of that class of men there never was a bet-
ter set of rules adopted than the one of the last
session.
committees.
Mr. OLDS. I would ask the gentleman to give
way for a moment, so that a motion may be made
to appoint a committee on the part of the House
to join the committee on the part of the Senate to
wait upon the President of the United States, and
inform him that we are assembled and ready to
receive any message he may have to make. The
gentleman's proposition may give rise to consid-
erable debate, and as the House is organized, I
think that it is best we should have the message
first.
Mr. MACE. I have no objection to yield for
the purpose indicated.
Mr. OLDS. Then I move that a committee of
three be appointed on the part of the House to
meet the committee on the part of the Senate, to
wait on the President of the United States, and
inform him that a quorum of each House is present,
and ready to receive any communication he may
have to make
Mr. McMULLIN. I suggest that all the pro-
posed proceedings be postponed until we shall
have elected a Clerk. I would request the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] to withdraw
his proposition until after the House shall have
proceeded to the election of a Clerk.
Mr. MACE. I should be very much gratified
to accommodate my friend, but I see no reason
why the motion I make should take up much of
the time of the House. I will, however, yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,] in order to enable him to make the motion
indicated by him.
Mr. OLDS. I now submit the motion which
I have stated, in reference to the appointment of
a committee on the part of the House, to meet a
committee on the part of the Senate, to wait upon
the President of the United States, and inform him
that the two Houses are organized, and are ready
to receive any communication lie may be pleased
to make.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
TheSpEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs. Olds,
ofOhio, Chandler, of Pennsylvania, arid Bayly,
of Virginia, as members of such committee.
the rules again.
Mr. MACE. I am not disposed to take up the
time of the House in useless discussion. I have
submitted these propositions; they are perfectly
intelligible, as every gentleman upon the floor
must see, and they are fully understood by most
of them.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I am opposed to
the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Mace,] particularly the first branch of it.
In a Government like ours, I think the largest
latitude of debate should be allowed, which a con-
venient dispatch—not a hasty dispatch—but which
a convenient dispatch of the public business will
allow. By our rules we have already restricted
debate, to some extent, in the House of Repre-
sentatives: but the result of the adoption of that
rule, would be to preclude all debate upon general
subjects in the House of Representatives, except
during the first eight or ten days of the session.
That general debate is allowed by that resolution
only when in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union upon the President's message.
That message is usually referred m ei^htorten
days, and it certainly ought to be referred after the
allowance of some eight or ten days for debate
upon its recommendations, because it is known,
by the rules of this House, thdt the committees
can originate nothing, but can only act upon sub-
jects referred to them by the House; and, until
the message is cut up and referred to the appro-
priate committees, that largest basis of action for
the committees is withheld from them. Afrer the
President's message has been referred, with along
session of Congress before us, no general debate
could arise in this House.
I think myself that the practice of general de-
bate in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union is a wholesome one, and 1 have
not seen, in a pretty Ions: experience in this
House, any great mischief arising from those
debates. This House has the power to stop de-
bate whenever it is weary of it, and it has been
its practice, constantly, as soon as they thought
that general debate had proceeded to a reasonable
extent under the rule, to stop the debate; and it
seems to me, with that rule recognized and con-
stantly acted upon, the House has it in it& power
to protect itself from all interminable and useless
debate.
Sir, it was the first position that I assumed
which causes me to be most earnest in my oppo-
sition to that resolution. It is putting a trammel -
upon us, which it seems to me is inconsistent with
the spirit of our Government. Besides these con-
siderations, there is another one, and that is, it
would lower and degrade the dignity of this
House. It is a question of propriety—a new Ad-
ministration is coming into power. We have an
unprecedentedly large Democratic majority upon
this floor, and the opposition is comparatively
small. It does seem to me, in this view of the "
case, that this immense majority has it already in
its power to check unreasonable debate. It does
seem to me that with so large a Democratic ma-
jority, with a Democratic Administration just
coming into power, at a time, too, when the Wiiigs
are so feeble, that it would not have the most capti-
vating aspect for us for the first time to introduce
a resolution restricting debate in this House.
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not rise for
the purpose of discussing the old rules of this
House. It is certainly evident to every man who
knows anything about the matter, that there are
just grounds of complaint. You know there are,
Mr. Speaker. This House knows it, and the
country knows it. This is the only period of the
session at which we can provide against the diffi-
culties existing in the rules of this House. If
the old rules are temporarily adopted without any
provision looking to a revision and expeditious
action, the very force of the rules themselves is
such, as to prevent any modification or amend-
ments. I propose, Mr. Speaker, not to introduce
amendments m detail now, but simply that this
whole subject shall be referred to a committee,
with a provision that they shall have power to re-
port at any time, and that this House shall be
compelled to act upon this report to the exclusion
of everything else.
I understand, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Mace] accepts my substitute.
Mr. MACE. I accept the substitute of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] as an ad-
ditional amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is another reason
which 1 desire to offer. The honorable gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] has adverted to
the fact, that the Democratic, party has an over-
whelming majority in this House. That is true.
But i wish him to understand, and I wish that
Democrat'c majority to understand, although
there are but few Whigs here, as the honorable
gentleman remarked, yet that these few, and the
country, will hold the large Democratic power in
this House to a sti ict responsibility for their legis-
lation We want them to understand, that we
come forward with readiness and willingness to
assist them in sweeping away the evils that have
existed heretofore. We do not intend that they
shall go back to the country, if their legislation is
not correct, with that old and worn-out excuse
that the rules of the House have prevented them
from adopting proper legislation. I would in-
quire of the Speaker what would be the effect of
moving the previous question upon this proposi-
tion? Would it be to bring the House to a vote
upon my amendment?
The SPEAKER. A motion for the previous
question would not cut off debare. In other words,
it would open the motion for the previous question -
itself to debate,but would cut off all amendments;
Mr. DUNHAM. I would inquire if the adop-
tion of the previous question would not cut off the
amendment itself of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell?]
The SPEAKER. The previous question, if
sustained, would cut off the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio under the operation of par-
liamentary law.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If that will be the effect,
then I will not make the motion. I understood
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] how-
ever, to accept my proposition as a part of his
own resolution.
Mr. MACE. I accept the gentleman s propo-
sition as a part of my own.
The SPEAKER. With that understanding,—
if the gentleman from Indiana accepts the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Ohio as his own,—•'
