1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157L
coast. I believe that it is necessary to open chan-
nels of commerce between our Pacific coast and
the opposite shores of that ocean. I believe that
the obtaining of that commerce is of sufficient na-
tional importance to justify a vote in favor of the
measure now proposed. It is on that ground that
I support it; and I present this view as a defense
to my own constituents for my action.
But, sir, it is said that this measure will have a
bad effect upon the mail facilities in my portion
of the Union. 1 do not believe it will have any
effect at all upon them; but if it has any, I am
satisfied the effect will be as likely to be beneficial
as to be injurious. I consider that we have already
arrived at an exceedingly unfortunate position in
regard to postal, facilities, because the mail revenue
does not equal the expenditure; and yet, in the
opinion of some, it is not so far below it as to call
for action at the hands of Congress to remove us
from the point at which we have arrived; and
Congress lias refused to act.
1 think the postage on letters should be in-
creased. I believe the revenue should be increased
by the action of Congress in some such way as
that. I think we are now carrying letters at too
low a rate, and certainlyat the expense of what
has always hitherto been a fixed policy of the
General Government. In view of these facts, I
have no objection to moving forward. If we move
forward, and yield the facilities to which the in-
terests of the country elsewhere are entitled, it is
to be hoped that it will produce agood effect upon
our legislation in regard to postage facilities.
We shall be called upon to take some step, and
no step can be taken that will not be for the ben-
efit of the people among whom I happen to live.
They, sir, covering a wide extent of country, are
now suffering very much. I do not think this
measure will be of any disadvantage to them. In
the first place, it takes nothing from the actual
postal revenue which is received, and yet it points
the public eye directly to the great difference that
exists between the actual revenue and the cost of
transportation. At the same time it does not ap-
peal to the postage revenue for its support, but goes
to the Treasury. When you turn the public
attention to the fact that the postage system, con-
trary to what has~hitherto been the fixed policy
of the country, is not supporting itself, but that it
is becoming a charge upon the public Treasury,
we shall either recur to the original policy, or
abandon it altogether. If we recur to it, we shall
make the Post Office Department support itself;
and if that is done, it will be followed by an
abridgment, and a very great abridgment, of all
these foreign mail facilities; and it will be followed
by what, it seems to me, is evidently absolutely
necessary, that is, an increase of postage, which
has been recommended by the Executive Depart-
ment of the Government.
We who live at extreme distances, and contrib-
ute largely to the postage revenues, have no credit
for those contributions. A large amount of post-
age is actually paid by us for which we receive
no credit. How is this? When a farmer or
planter m my State writes to a merchant in one of
the eastern cities—New York, for instance—the
merchant charges my constituent with the postage
he pays on the correspondence, but the credit is
given to the place where the eastern merchant
lives. In this way, although we of the West
really pay a very heavy amount of postage annu-
ally, the eastern States get credit for it, and a
charge is then brought against us that we do not
pay sufficient revenue to entitle us to the mail
facilities which we enjoy. Is this just? No sir,
it is injustice of the deepest dye. It prevents us
from getting that to which we are fairly entitled,
and it is time something was done to remedy this
evil.
Now, sir, I am desirous to see the attention of
both branches of Congress drawn directly to the
recommendations of the Department, and to the
burdens under which we labor. I hope that when
Congress fully considers the matter, favorable ac-
tion will be had in increasing the rates of letter
postage, and thus increasing the postal revenue.
If this be done, we in my section shall see what
will be its effect upon us. I think it will have a
beneficial effect. I think by that means we shall
be relieved from many of the difficulties under
which we labor at present.
Sir, look at our position in reference to the ob-
ect Jto be accomplished by this bill. There is
open to us on the Pacific, ready for us to take
possession of, a trade for the purpose of obtain-
ing which we have already spent millions of dol-
lars. We have given very few mail facilities to
our people oq the Pacific. Here is an important
channel of commerce. They cannot of themselves
go on and encourage the increase of it. If we do
not come to their aid, they will make no progress
in this respect. Shall we then refuse this boon to
our Pacific brethren, particularly when it is not
to be a charge upon the postal revenues, and will
not therefore interfere with the mail facilities of
either section of the Union? What will be the
consequence of our standing still in this matter?
Why, the old system will go on. That is a sys-
tem which I wish to see broken down. I wish to
see the whole policy of making mail facilities de-
pend on the postal revenue abandoned. I think
it works unjustly to my section.
I look upon this as entirely different from the
mail facilities which we have encourged and se-
cured by the contracts upon the Atlantic ocean,
and therefore I shall record my vote in favor of
the proposition to establish this mail line from our
western possessions on the Pacific to the Asiatic
continent. I think it is justifiable on other
grounds, but I will not detain the Senate by going
into them.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Sec. —  And be it further enacted, That the Postmastet
General be required to establish a daily mail from Cincin-
nati and St. Louis to New Orleans, and that lie be author-
ized to diaw upon the United States Treasury tor such
amount, over and above the accruing revenues on said
route, as will pay the expenses of transporting said mail:
Provided, riaid sum shall not exceed §500,UUO.
Mr. GWIN. I submit the question whether
that amendment is in order. It is an entirely new
proposition which does not at all pertain to the
till before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller.)
The Chair thinks that that is not a point of order,
but a question of propriety for the Senate to de-
cide.
Mr. BROWN. The bill certainly relates to the
transportation of the mail. Whether that trans-
portation be by ocean or river does not make any
difference.
Mr. GWIN. The title of the bill which it is
proposed to pass is " A bill to establish a line of
steam mail ships between San Francisco, m Cali-
fornia, and Shanghai, in China, touching at the
Sandwich Islands and Japan." This amendment
does not relate to that subject.
Mr. BROWN. I can move to amendthe title
hereafter, by adding " and for other purposes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is compe-
tent for the Senate, of course, to change the title.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of the proposition
contained in the amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi, but lam entirely opposed to encum-
bering this bill with it. It can come up and be
acted upon separately.
Mr. RUSK. I wish to suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi that there is a daily mail be-
tween Cincinnati and Louisville.
Mr. BROWN. I was not aware of that; and,
therefore, 1 will modify my amendment so as to
provide for a daily mail from Louisville, and St.
Louis, and New Orleans.
Mr. CLAY. I have no idea of abusing the
patience of the Senate by making a speech at this
time of the day, but I wish to say a few words m
order to justify myself to my friends from Cali-
fornia, [Messrs. Weller and Gwin,} and my
constituents, for the vote I shall give. I can say,
that there is no State of the Union to which I
would extend favors more cordially ami gladly than
to the State of California. I have many reasons
for that feeling, which I need not declare.
But, sir, the argument of my friend from Texas
did not meet the objection of the Senator from
Mississippi. He says that if you make this ap-
propriation, it will not diminish the mail facilities
now enjoyed by the State of Mississippi. I grant
it; but I ask whether it will not prevent the in-
crease of those facilities? Other Senators from
southern States have complained of the difficul-
ties under which they labored from a deficiency
of mail facilities. 1 say there is, perhaps, no
State in the Union which has as just or greater
cause of complaint than my own State; and if I
were not to prefer her complaints at this time, if
I were to remain silent when others are com-
: plaining, I might expose myself to the reproach
j at home, of having been silent, and therefore^
J admitting, by my silence, that I had no objection'
! to make. As for my own State, I can say, what'
my colleague knows to be the fact," that North
and South Alabama have no inter-communication
whatever by mail, except with.a' pair of saddled
bags and a pony. The two extremes of our State
are as widely separated as New York and Hunts-
ville. Yet, sir, when our delegation in a body
waited upon the Postmaster General, and com-
plained of these things, the invariable answer
was, that the Department was now upon "the
Treasury, and that it could not extend those fa-
cilities unless we furnished the means. Under
these circumstances, I should be doing injustice
to my own section of country if I were to vote
for this proposition.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and, on the question oforderingit to
be engrossed for a third reading, Mr, Brown
called for the yeas and nays; which were- or-
dered; and being taken,*resulted—yeas 20, nays
19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Brodhead, Cass, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Douglas, Fessenden", Gwin, Hamlin, Houston,
James, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee,
Rockwell,Rusk, Seward, Slidell, Stuart.Wade, ami Well-
er—20
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Atchison, Bayard, Bright,
Brown, Ohn^e, Clay, Dodge of Towa, Evans, Fitzpatrick,
Geyer, Gillette, Hunter, Mallory, Ma&on, Pettit, ShieJds,
Sumner, and Williams—19.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
now have its third reading, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. BAYARD. If I have the right I object to
its third reading now. The vote wasa small one,
and I should prefer to-have the final vote taken in
j a fuller Senate.
I Mr. GWIN. Does the Senator now object to
! the passage of the bill ?
! Mr. BAYARD. I do. I mean to ask for the
[ yeas and nays on its passage when the Senate is
■ fuller.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
, from Delaware objects: and, therefore, the bill
I cannot now be read a third time.
| WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it waa
Ordered, That Maurice Powers have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNEp.
| A message was received from the House of
i Representatives, by Mr. Forney, their Clerk, an-
| nouncing that the Speaker had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills ana joint resolution:
An act for the relief of Joseph Jeffries and Jere-
: miah M. Smith;
; An act for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont;
! A Joint resolution directing the connection of
, the public surveys in Alabama, with the boundary
line between the States of Alabama and Florida;
i and
An act to enable the President of the United
i States to fulfill the third article of the treaty be-
| tween the United States and the Mexican Repub-
lic, of the 30th December, 1853, as amended by
: the Senate of the United States.
Which were then signed by the President pro
: tempore.
! RATES OP POSTAGE.
I The message also announced that the House
; had passed a bill further to amend an act entitled
> " An act to reduce and modify the rates of postage
in the United States, and for other purposes,"
• passed March 3, 1851.
; EXECUTIVE SESSION.
] On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate
: again proceeded to the consideration of Executive
i business; and, after some time spent therein, the
doors were reopened, and
| The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, June 29, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, in. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journai of yesterday was read and approved.
