THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 5,
then that is the only proposition before the House,
and the effect of the previous question, when sus-
tained, will be to bring the House to a direct vote
upon that proposition.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I then move the previous
^ The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. There seems
to be some misunderstanding in relation to the
acceptance of the amendment of the gentleman
from -Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.] I understood the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Mace] to accept
it absolutely as a substitute for his own proposi-
tion. .
The SPEAKER.. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. STANTON. But there is some misun-
derstanding in relation to it. Other gentlemen
understand it differently.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand the
matter, the gentleman from Indiana accepted the
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio as an ad-
dition to his own, and as a portion of it, so that
both resolutions are now before the House as the
original proposition of the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Macf,.]
The SPEAKER. With that explanation the
resolutions as they now stand will be reported to
the House.
The resolutions were again read by the Clerk,
as inserted above.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. The two reso-
lutions are utterly inconsistent with each other;
and, therefore, I say that for the gentleman from
Indiana to accept the resolution of the gentleman
from Ohio, as a part of his own proposition, and
for the two to stand together, is an absurdity in
itself. 1 prefer the resolution oiteied by the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio.
Mr, CAMPBELL. I agree with the gentleman
from Tennessee, that there is a misunderstanding j
in relation to this subject. I wish a separate vole !
upon my own proposition, and I thereioie call .
for a division of the question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I desire to inquire of the I
Chair, if this subject is debatable under parlia- I
mentary Jaw' I
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable, the pre- !
vious question having been ordered. What the
Chair stated, was that the motion for the previous ,
question itself was debatable.
Mr. GIDDINGS. It is with reference to that
point that I rose. Gentlemen will recollect that
when the motion for the previous question was
made, the Chair did not listen to several gentle-
men who rose to speak upon it before putting the
question. 1 move that the whole subject belaid
upon the table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I beg to know
what would be the effect of laying the wh«le sub-
ject on the table? Would it have an elfect on
any future motion on the adoption of the rules?
The SPEAKER. None whatever, the Chair
thinks, for we have no rules now, except the par- j
liamentary rules and usage.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I will vote for the
adoption of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that in
another form that proposition may be made.
The question was then taken on laying the whole
subject upon the table, and decided in the nega-
tive.
The Chair then stated, that the question would
be upon the first proposition, which the Clerk
read, as follows:
"Resolved, That the rules of the la=t House ofRppresenta-
tives be adopted as the rules ol this House until otherwise
ordered : Piorided, however, That there .shall be appointed
a eoiriinutee of five membeis to revise the sat<i niles,
which committee shall have power to report at anv time ;
and the report shall be aeted on by the House, until dis-
posed of, to the exclusion of all other business ; anything
in the rules hereby temporarily adopted to the contiary
notwithstanding."
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to know if the vote
now to be taken is on the proposition just read,
or on that made by the gentleman from Ohio '
The SPEAKER. I propose to put the question
on the proposition of the gentleman from Indiana.
After inquiry from the Clerk, however, the
Chair said that the proposition was that of the
gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope that the House will
adopt it.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Ohio, it is to be put
as an amendment to that of the gentleman from
Indiana. . .
The SPEAKER. Such is not the decision of
the Chair. The impression of the Chair is, that
the gentleman from Indiana adopted the propo-
sition made by the gentleman from Ohio as a part
of the original proposition. It is, therefore, the
same proposition, though it is to be voted on in
different branches.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the gentleman
from Indiana adopted the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, and made it a part of his, on
the division of the question I suppose that ihe
proposition of the gentleman from Indiana is first
to be voted on, that being the first branch of the j
proposition as it stands. i
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana i
. will please to state the order in which he desires j
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio to !
stand.
Mr. MACE. I stated expressly when the gen-
tleman from Ohio offered his resolution that I
adopted that, as pait of my proposition.
The SPEAKER. So the Chair understood it;
but does the gentleman not think it would be
; better for it to precede his original proposition?
j Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Upon the first
branch of that proposition I demand the yeas and
nays.
[Loud cries of " No!" " No!"]
Mr. BAYLY. Well, I will withdraw the call,
as that seems to he the wish of the House.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman to say that he withdraws the call for the
yens and nays?
Mr. BAYLY. Yes, sir, I withdraw it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I renew the call.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Mace's
proposition; and it was rejected.
The question lecurring on Mr. Campbell's res-
olution, it was put,and the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which that resolution was adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was asrreed to.
Lane, Latham, Lillv, Lindsay, >   """ra >
McMullm. McNair,M cv, Maxwell, M.t.v, Mavali £>. >fil-
Wi, Morrison, MuMeiibers;, Murray, Nichoi-.nit.le, Olds,
A. Oliver, Orr, Packer. Peck, PwKham, B I er,vm«, J. K.
  Pratt, Kschard^on, Kiddie,
Ftieips
ELECTION OF CLERK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
the House do now proceed to the election of a
Clerk.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DEAN. I believe it is customary to put in
nomination individuals to be voted for for this
office.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. DEAN then nominated John W. Fornet,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. WHEELER nominated Richard M.
Yottng, of Illinois
Mr. CARPENTER nominated E. P. Smith,
of New York.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, nominated
Ebentezer Hutchinson, of Maine; and
Mr. BENNETT nominated Philander B.
Prindle, of New York.
Messrs. De\st, Wasiiburn, of Maine, Car-
penter, and Wheeler, were appointed tellers !j
to take the vote.
The roll was then called, and the following was i'
the result of the vote, viz: |'
Whole number of votes given, 200; necessary |i
to a choice, 101; of which— j!
John W. Forney received 121 b
Richard M. Voung    27 I,
P. B. Pnmlie  18 1:
E Hutchinson    J3
E. I\   10
Jauie? C Walker  G i
W. II. Rojrart  2 j;
J.M.Barclay  1 S
! Cha>. Brow n, of Philadelphia.....  1 j
| Geo. W. Mnmfoiil  1 j
| The following is«4he vote in detail: !
j For Mr. Forney—J. C. Allen, D. J. Bailey, Thoss. TI. 1
Ravly, N. P. Bunks, Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bi^sell, j
; Blis*, Boyd, Kreckinnd^e, Bridges. Chamberlain,Chastam, 1
] C'hrisman, Ohurcbwell, Clark. Cobb, Colquitt, Oiaiue, Cur- !
i ti*, John G. Davis, Thos. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Dent, !
! Disney, Dowuell, Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman, ,
1 Eddy. Edaoiton, Elliott, Ellison, English, Faulkner, Fen- I
' ton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Gre m, Crow, Hamilton, A. '
I J. Harlan, 8. W. Harris, YV. P. Hani*, Hasting, Hon- ,
j dneks, Ilibbani, Hillver, Houston, Iiu^iies, I jjer*oll, i
I Johabon, D. T. Jones, Kidwell, Kituedge, Kurtz, .Lamb, '
Witte, and H. B. Wright. .
; For Mr. Young—Messrs. Abercrombie, Ashe, Ball. Ken-
) ton Caskie, Ethendge. G«>ode, A Harlan, Keitt,
I Kerr Kilo*. Letcher, Lynn, McQueen, Mill-on. Powell,
' Purvear, Reese, Rogers, Sapp, Shaw, A. If. btephens,
' Walsh. Wheeler, Yates, and ZolheofFer.
' Pot Mr. Pi indie— Messrs. Bennetf, Cp.rutliers, Dick,
! Dickinson, Edmonds, Haven, Lindiey, J. G. Miller, Nor-
: ton M. Oliver, Pennington, Preston, D. liitchie, satin,
' Sin'jnons, Tracy, Uphani, and T Wentworth.
1 For Mr. Hutchinson—M^rs. h. L. Hutchinson, L. D.
: Campbell, Chandler, Cook, CuHom, Everhart. Fatley,
j Goodrich, Howe, Ready, E. B. Wa>hburne, 1. Washburn,
j and Berifon.
For Mr. Smith—Messrs Appleton, Oaipentei. Clia«p,
F)a2ler, Hiester, McCulloch,MaUeson,Midd!eswarth,Pnri-
gle, and Rti^-eil. .
For Mr. Walker—Messrs. Chngman, Corvvm, Ewnig,
Hunt, 3. W. Parker, and J. L Taylor.
For Mr, Barclay—Mi. Meacham.
For Mr. Messrs. Morgan and Sage.
For Clunlps Br0,/-n—Mr Bocnck.
For G. W. Mumjord—Mr. Edmundson.
Mr. Forney was then duly qualified by taking
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. For tne pur-
pose of saving time, I offer the following resolu-
tion for the election of the three old officers—the
Serjeant-at-Arms, the Doorkeeper, and Post-
master. I suppose there will be no objection to it:
Resolved, That J. Glos^hrenner bo hereby appointed
Serjjeant-at Arms, Zadoc W. MeKnew, Doork^ep r, and J.
M. Jolm-on, Postmaster of the House ot Representatives
for the pie?<ent Confess.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
; DRAWING FOR KEATS,
i Mr. McNAIR offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House, immediately
after the passage of this resolution, place m a box the name
: of each member and delegate of the House of Representa-
! tives, written on a separate slip of paper ; that he then pro-
1 eeed, in the presence of the Hon-e, to draw from said box,
> one at a time, the said «J:ps of paper, and a.- eaeh is drawn
he shall announce the name ot the member or delegate
upon it, who >hall chose hi* seat for the present :
Ptonrled, Tha% before said diawing shall commence, the
; Speaker shall cau>e every seat to be vacated, and >hall see
! that every seat continues vacant unul it is selected under
j this order.
! Mr. IIILLYER. I wish to surest to the
j gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. McNair] an
1 amendment to his proposition, which 1 have no
I doubt he will adopt. It is that the Speaker cause
; the members of the House to retire beyond the
! bar.
Mr. McNAIR. I accept the amendment^ and
! call for the previous question.
: Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. From the reading
1 of the resolution it would appear, that members
I who have not yet arrived are deprived of the op-
:i portunity of drawing seats under this resolution.
Voices. ''Certainly." "That's right."
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I hope the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania will withdraw his reso-
lution until I can make a suggestion.
[Cries of ii No !" " No !" all over the House.]
Mr. MACE. I move the House adjourn.
[Cries of " No, no! " (< Yes, yes! IJj
The motion was put, and the House refused to
adjourn.
The resolution was adopted.
The House then proceeded to execute its order,
and the members retired without the bar. The
roll was called and ihe drawing proceeded, each
ineinbei,as his name was announced, selecting
his seat.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to give notice that I
will on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask
leave to introduce—
I. A bill to constitute the city of Jeffersonville,
in the State of Indiana, a port of delivery;
II. Also, a bill donating a portion of the public
lands to aid m the construction of a railroad from
the Falls of the Ohio river to a point on the Mis-
sissippi river opposite the city of St Louis*.
ill. Also, a bill to reduce the price of the pub-
lic lands m certain cases.
Mr. DAWSON. I give notice that on to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day I will introduce a
bill of the following; title;
