1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
that they could not get stamps, and for that reason
have requested me to go to the Post Office Depart
roent and get stamps for them. Hence, with this
difficulty existing, tf this bill should take effect
immediately, it would cut off the correspondence
of the country almost altogether, until such stamps
could be supplied to the distant offices. I wUhed
merely to suggest this matter, and not with a view
of objecting to the bill; for 1 am in favor of it.
Mr. OLDS. There are about five thousand
out of the twenty-three thousand postmasters of
the country who are supplied with stamps, and
who supply other postmasters in the neighbor-
hood. But the moment you pass this bill into a
law, the Postmaster General will make it his busi-
ness to see that all the postmasters of the country
are supplied with stamps. He will go at once
about the business, and put the system into oper-
ation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I understand
the bill h nit printed, I wish to inquire if it re-
quires all letters to be prepaid, and prepaid by
stamps?
Mr. OI^DS. It does.
Mr. JONES. How, then, are you to get along
in the post offices out in the interior of the coun-
try, if their stamps should fail?
Mr. OLDS, it is the business of the Post-
master General to keep them supplied, and he
will do so.
Mr. JONES. But there will be times, out in
the remote parts of the country, when the post-
masters will be out of stamps, ana in that case,
the people around the office will have no opportu-
nity or power to send a letter at all.
Mr. OLDS, it is so in regard to the post bills
which are now used.
Mr. JONES. But the postmasters can write a
post bill and put his name to it. The bills are
printed and furnished only as a matter of conve-
nience. No postmaster can make a stamp, but
he can write a post bill which will be as valid as
a printed one.
Mr. OLDS. It is impossible to adopt any sys-
tem that wdl not be liable to some objection, at
least of as much importance as that presented by
the gentleman from Tennessee against tins bill.
Sir, you cannot make your bread unless you have
your fluuror meal; and such being the case, every
prudent housekeeper will keep a supply on hand.
Well, if this is indeed the only mode of paying
the postage on letters, the postmasters will be
likely to keep a supply on hand.
The Postmaster General can ascertain, at the
end of every quarter, from the return of each dep-
uty postmaster, how many stamps he has on
hand; and it will be perfectly easy for him to pro-
vide a supply in advance. I can see no difficulty
in the way of always keeping a supply on hand.
But if an .office should sometimes run out of
stamps, the inconvenience would be worthy of
little consideration, when compared with the great
good that will be the result of the adoption of this
system, by which the PdstOffice Department will
be able to keep an account with all the deputy
postmasters in the country.
Sir, you have no such system now. I under-
take to say, that if your deputy postmasters were
to keep back ten percent, of their receipts, all the
clerical force now m the employ of the Depart-
mentcould notdetectthem. Why, sir, f was told,
at the Post Office Department yesterday, that if
you had a building covering the whole of the
Post Office square, and you had a clerical force
sufficient to occupy the whole building, from the
basement to the fourth story, it would then be
impossible to examine the accounts of the deputy
postmasters of the country.
Now, sir, when it is proposed to do away with
a system so loose as the present, and to substitute
for it a system so simple and so perfect as that
which I now propose, 1 abk if gentlemen are pre-
pared to refuse the change from so frivolous an
objection as that? Sir, the Postmaster General
will take care that the deputy post offices are kept
supplied.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, If the gen-
tleman from Ohio will allow me, I desire to say a
single word. I do not know whether this bill
proposes to increase the rates of postage or not.
If it does, I should be opposed to it. As to the
idea of prepayment in all cases, however, I am
decided'yjn favor of it; and I do not see anything
to tire objection fcf my htmorahlfc colira'gus on the
other side of the House in reference to the diffi-
culty of obtaining stamps in all cases. I think,
when ir comes to be generally understood through-
out the country that the payment of postage'is to
be by stamps, they will become an article of uni-
versal necessity, and will be Kept m all the stores
as well as post offices. I do not, therefore, see
anything in that objection.
If the postmasteis should get out of stamps, it
would be easy to obtain them from the stores.
They would ci^ctflate as freely as dimes or three
cent pieces; and there could not possibly be any
difficulty in reference to the supply. They will
become an article of universal demand, and there
cannot be danger of their running out.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My colleague says
these stamps will come into universal circulation.
Well, sir, that is another serious objection to me.
They will to that extent become a paper currency.
Mr. STANTON, i beg my colleague's pardon.
I did noCsay that these postage stamps would be-
come a circulating medium. 1 said they would
become an ai title of universal necessity; chat they
woukt be found in the stores, and that there would
be no difficulty m reference to there not being a
supply. ,,
Mr. JONES. Then they will go, to some extent,
into general circulation. But, sir, as this bill
stands now, as I understand it—it has flot been
printed, and i have not had an opportunity to ex-
amine its provisions—it requires that your post-
age shall be prepaid; and prepaid in what? In
stamps. That, in my opinion, is in palpable vio-
lation of the Constitution of the United States,
which says Congress shall not make anything a
tender in payment of debts except gold and silver
coin.
You have, by law, required the payment of three
cents as postage on a single letter. There has
been authorized the coining of a three cent piece
which to that amount is a legal tender in payment
of debt from one citizen to another. When a man
goes to the post office with a letter and«three cents
in the current com of the country to pay its post-
age> your bill says that the three cent piece shall
not be received in payment of thepostage, but that
it shall be given for a piece of paper which shall
be received in payment for the postage.
Mr. HENDRiCIvS. That paper is in the re-
ceipt.
Mr. JONES. You require him to buy the
paper with your com, and to give that paper in
paymentyi postage. A man may want but one
of these'stamps. Some may not want to write
letters very olten, and the man who v/ould want
to pay postage on one letter only, would rather
pay the thiee cent piece.
But, as 1 said uefore, if one of these offices
should get outot stamps from neglect or accident,
or any other cause, and the individual goes there
with his letter and money, he cannot procure the
stamp, the only medium by winch he can pay the
postage. It seems to me that there should be pro-
vision that individuals may, if they choose, pay
the postage on letters in the current coin of the
country.
Mr. SAGE. I would suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads the propriety of having the bill punted.
I believe that there is a want of information among
many members of the House in reference to its
provisions, who, when they understand them,
would favor the measure. It is well known that
i a bill somewhat similar was defeated a few days
i since.
Mr. OLDS. With the gentleman'* permission,
I will say that the bill now under consideration is
no more than the fifth section of the substitute for
House bill No. 330, witjfethe amendment now
proposed. Gentlemen c«Cn get the substitute by
sending to the document room for it.
Mr. SAGE. I am myself prepared to vote for
the bill, i think that it is right; and I am of opin-
ion that the objection of the gentleman from Ten-
; nessee will not operate to the extent to which he
speaks. This is an important change, and one
which will result in good to the Department, and
convenience and benefit to the people, i hope it
may be adopted.
Mr. WASKBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend by adding the following:
<£And ali the distributing post offices in the C9qmryfl a]l
be discontinued from-the time thai this act takes effect,'*
Mri ChmYmart^ofara^I u'rtdaretsnd the provis-
ions of the bill which has been introduced by the
honorable chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, f am inclined to support,
it. 1 thirik that the principle it involves' is the:
proper one; and also, that the objection which the
honorable member from Tennessee has urged will
be found not to operate in the manner he nas in-
dicated. I think it will be just as convenient fof
the Department to furnish all these post offices*
with the requisite amount of stamps as it is with
the requisite amount of post bills, as now fur-
nished by the Department.
The amendment which I .have sent to the
Speaker's table 1 desire to see adopted. Every
member of this House knows that there is great
confusion in the mail service throughout the
country. I have heard it attributed,'in a great
measure, and I believe correctly attributed, to the
distributing post offices, which are established all
over the country; not established, in many in-
stances , where the public interests require that they
should be established, but established by political
influences, or by personal favoritism, in order that
certain points may be favored, and certain post-
masters may get the commissions which follow
from the establishmentofthese distributing offices.
For instance, a letter from Washington to ray
own residence, Galena, has to be distributed at
some two or three points on the route, as I under-
stand it, and delayed at each t>f these points. I
| can travel from this city to my own residence, by
! the ordinary mode of conveyance, from one to
' three days quicker than letters can go by the mail
^ on the same route of travel, for the reason I have
\ stated, that these letters have to be distributed at
' various points,.for instance, I believe at Pitts-'
1 burg, perhaps at Toledo, and certainly atChicago.
I Hence, I say, this thing should be corrected.
| It is the duty of Congress to interpose and
j abolish these distributing offices, which are no
! more or less than nuisances to the mail service;
| There was a distributing office at Galena, Illinois,
which, if there were to be distributing offices in
the country at all, should have been continued
as a distributing office, as that city is the great
center of business and commerce for the whole
northwestern country. Without any notice, with-
out any good reason given, and in defiance of pub-
lic sentiment, and to the vast in jury of the mat!
service for the entire northwest, the distributing
office was removed from that place, where it
should be, if anywhere, to another place on the
other side of the river—a point that is inconve-
nient and is out of the way—and with no other
effect than thatofdelayingapd deranging mail mat-
ter throughout that whole section of the country.
I say it is time that Congres should put a stop
to this abuse and this delay in the transmission
" of the mails for the purpose of adding tothecom-
! missions of postmasters, i contend that there is
'' no necessity for this distribution of letters between
jt Washington, Chicago, St. Louis, and Galena,
|i three great points in the West. They might be
j mailed directly to the points where they are to go,
!; without going through all. this machinery, and
I without being subjected to all of these delays. I
ij would call the attention of members of the House,
who have witnessed the operation of this very
thing, to look to it, and see if we cannot strike a
; blow at this system which shall end in facilitating
the mail service, and pntting a stop to all the vex-
j! atious delays growing out of the existing state of
I! things.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I am satisfied that
! this whole question of distributing post offices is
' entirely misunderstood. The system was dtscon-
i tinued at the time that I held the'office of post-
■ master, some four years ago. I know nothing
i about it since that time; but the custom then was
I to have letters sent direct from here to the furthest
. point. Letters posted fiere, and directed to Galena,
i were sent direct from this point to Galena; and
I that ha.d been so for the last six years,
With respect to the trouble of not having
!, stamps, I am very confident that no inconveni-
|| ence can arise from that cause. The smaller
ji offices in the country, when they had exhausted
j{ their stock of post bills, have been always in the
|| habit of giving the mail to the mail carrier to have
• j brought to the nearest office to be mailed. All
ji the merchants, storekeepers, and business men of
I; the country.—if the prepayment of letters Is made
|! compulsory-—willjkeep themselves supplied wjth
