1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, I
manufactures, and all other branches of industry, i
by granting to every man who is the head of a
family, and a citizen of the United States, a tract
of one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
public domain, upon condition of occupancy and
cultivation of the same, &c.
Mr. GROW. I give notice, that on to-mor-
row, or some subsequent day, I will introduce a
bill for the encouragement of agriculture and every
other branch of industry, by granting to every
actual settler upon the public domain one hundred
and sixty acres of land.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that, until other-
wise ordered, twelve o'clock be fixed as the regu-
lar hour to which the House shall each day ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to, and
The House then adjourned until to-morrow'&t
twelve o'clock, m.
m SENATE.
Tuesday, December 6, 1853.
Prayer by Rev. C. M. Butler, Chaplain to
the Senate.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORGANIZATION OF THE TWO HOUSES.
The following message was received from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. W. V. Mc-
Keav, Ghief Cieik:
Mi. President: I amdirecled to inform the Senate that
a quotum of the House of Representatives has assembled;
that Linn Boyw, f>n<* of the itepic.-cnt'Uiws from the Statu
of ICenfueUv, has been clio-en Speaker; John W.Forney,
of IVnnsylvama, Oletk ; and that the House is ready to
proceed m luwness.
1 am aWo directed to inform the Senate, that the House
. of Representatives has passed a resolution for the appoint-
' ment of a committee, jointly with s=uch committee as may
lie appointed on the pait ot the Senate, to wait on the Pres-
ident of the I'mfed Stales, and inform him that a quoium
of the two Houses has assembled, and that Congress is
ready to receive any communication he may be pleased to
make; and that Mr. Olds, of Ohio, Mr Chandlfr, of
Pennsylvania, arid Mr. Bayly, of Virginia, have been ap-
pointed the committee on the pait of the House.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That a committee of two members be appoint-
ed jointly with the committee appointed by tbeEIou.-eof
Representatives to wait on the President of the United
Slates, and inform him (hat a quoiutn of each Mouse has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any com-
munication lie may be pleased to make. ;
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was i
Ordered, That the committee be appointed by the Piesi- j
dent pro tem.
The PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Dodge, of ;
Iowa, and Mr. Bell, of Tennessee, the commit- j
tee. |
PETITION. j
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented a petition of
citizens of the Scate of Iowa, praying for the es- ;
tabhshnnent of n new land district in that State; j
which was ordered to he on the table until the
standing committees shall be appointed. j
HARBOR OF MICHIGAN CITY. :
Mr. PETTIT submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration: ]
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in- 1
ptrucfed to inquire into the expediency oi establishing a
poit  1 entry at Micbisan City, in the State of Indiana, and
also of making an appiopriation to continue the improve-
ment of the iiaibor at that place.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. CHASE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce ahiil to cede to the State of Ohio
the unsold residue of the public lands remaining
in that State.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill to encourage agriculture, com-
merce, and manufactures, and other branches of
industry, by granting' to every liead of a family,
being a citizen of the United States, or having
declared his intention to become a citizen, a home-
stead of one hundred and sixty acres of the public
domain, on condition of occupancy and cultiva-
tion for the period therein specified.
Mr. ADAMS gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to prevent the issue ami
circulation of notes of a less denomination than
five dollars within the District of Columbia;
Also, a bill to reduce and graduate the price of
the public lands;
Also, a bill making donations of land to the
State of Mississippi to aid in the construction of
the Southern Railroad; the New Orleans, Jack-
son, and Aberdeen Railroad; and the Central
Railroad.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the sur-
render to the State of Indiana of certain bonds of
tfrat State held by the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to grant to the State
of Arkansas the right of wayand alternate sec-
tions of the public lauds to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad fromGaine's Landing via Cam-
den and Washington to Fulton, in Arkansas.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GWIN. At the close of the last session
of Congress, I pledged myself to the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Dodge,] that I would assist him
in passing the homestead bill after we got through
the discussion and passage of the Pacific railroad
bill. It is well known to the Senate that both
bills failed during that session. I now give notice
that I shall, to-morrow, or at some early day there-
after, ask leave to introduce the bill commonly
known as the homestead bill.
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
make a donation of the public lands to the State
of California, for the purpose of constructing a
railroad and telegraph line from the city of San
Francisco to the Colorado river, or southeastern
boundary of said State, with a branch passing
through the valley of the Sacramento river to the
boundary line between said State and the Territo-
ry of Oregon; which was read the first time and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, as the commit-
tees are not yet formed, the bill can lie on the table
for the present But inasmuch as the subject is of
some importance,—the road mentioned in the bill
being the commencement of a great national road
between the Pacific ocean and the Mississippi
river,—I move that the bill be printed for the use
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIANA UNIVERSITY LAND.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, on the last
night of the last session of Congress, a bill was
passed " to indemnify the State of Indiana for the
failure of title to a township of land granted to
said State on her admission into the Union in
1816." it received the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives; but, owing to
some mistake on (he part of some officer of the
House, it was not brought to the Senate for the
signature of the President of this body, and was
not sent to the President of the United States,
for his approval: and consequently it did not be-
come a law. The matter at that time was very
j fully understood by the Seriate, and there was no
i objection to the bill then. I hope there will be no
I objection now to my offering the bill and asking
j the unanimous consent of the Senate to pass it at
! this tune.
i There being no objection, leave to introduce
j the bill was granted; and it was read twice, and
! considered bv the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Governor of the
Slate of Indiana to select nineteen thousand and
forty acres of land, out of any land of the United
States in that State now subject to private entry,
in lieu of one of the townships granted to the
State for the use of the State university, by the
act of April 16th, 1816, the title to which has
been decided by the Supreme Court of the United
States not to be m the State: provided, that the
proceeds of the substituted land, when sold, shall
be forever applied for the use of the Indiana Uni-
versity.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
read, read a third time, and passed.
president's message.
Mr. DODGE} of Iowa, Mr. President, on
behalf of the joint committee appointed to wait on
the President of the United States, and inform
him that the two Houses of Congress are or-
ganized, and ready to proceed to business, arid
receive any communication he might have to make
to them, I have to report that the committee per-
formed the duty assigned to it, and the President
of the United States replied that he would imme-
diately communicate with the two Houses.
Sidney Webster, Esq., Private Secretary
: the President, shortly afterwards appeared beiow
! the bar, and said:
j Mr. President : I am directed by the President of the
I United States, to deliver to the Senate several messages m
1 writing.
| The PRESIDENT. I will present to the
! Senate the annual message of the President df
' the United States. The message will be read.
| The Secretary proceeded to read the message,
j which will he found in the proceedings of the
, House of Representatives.
] The message having: been read—
j On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it wag
i Ordered. That the usual number of the message and
' accompanying document- be printed.
j Ordered, That ten thousand cop es of the message and
! aceonipam ing documents, m addition to the usual number,
be printed for the use of the Senate.
UNITED STATES JUDICIAL SYSTEM*,
t Mr. CLAYTON submitted the following reso-
, lution:
! Resolved, That the President be respectfully requested
J to present to the Senate the plan ie'errcd to m his message
to Conpres* thi* day, and which ho is prepared to recom-
mend, tor the enlargement and modification of the present
; judicial system ot the United Slates..
! Mr. CLAYTON. I ask for the consideration
of the resolution at this time.
j Mr. DOUGLAS. Let it lie over.
I The resolution accordingly lies over under the
rules.
j EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
' and, after a short time spent therein, the doors
were reopened; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 6, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. EW1NG informed the Chair that his col-
league from Kentucky, Mr. Clement S. Hill,
who had not been qualified yesterday, was now in
attendance and ready to take the customary oath.
Mr. RICHARDSON made a similar applica-
tion on behalf of his colleague, Mr. Willis
Allen.
The SPEAKER directed those gentlemen, and
any others similarly circumstanced, to come for-
waid and be qualified.
The usual oath to support the Constitution of
the United States, was then administered by the
Speaker to Messrs. Hill, Allen, and A. B.
Greenwood.
The following officers of the House also came
forward, and took the usual oath.
Mr. 1'ohkey, Clerk.
Mr. Glossbrener, Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. McKnew, Doorkeeper.
Mr. Asbury Dickins, Secretary of the Sen-
ate, entered and read the following message from
that body :
th* Senate, December 6, 1853.
Resolved, That a committee be appointed jointly with
the committee appointed on the pait ot the House of Repre-
sentatives, to wait on the President of the United States,
and lnfoim him that a quorum of each House has assem-
bled, and that Congress ready to receive auy comipum-
Ca0^! Do^;of"lo™)?n4 Mr. Bel, be
to con,,n«tee on the Secr<tary.
Mr. STRAUB proposed the following resolu-
tion;
Resolved That the Clerk cause to be furnished to the
j Kf„e°e„-ativcs during the present session, such news-
1 n.,rPers as ll ev may respectively direct, the expense thereof
; not to exceed thirty dollars per annum.
i IV r GROW A resolution of a similar effect
1 passed the last Congress; and does it not remain
. n force until altered by a subsequent Congress r
The SPEAKER. Jf it be a law of Congress,
i it would have that effect. ,
I rpjie Speaker directed the Clerk to read the for-
i mer resolution on the subject. ^
j The Clerk then read the following resolution :
