6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
. << Raolvei, That during and for the present session, and
every subsequent session of Congress, each Reptesentative
and Delegate of Congress be furnished with such new.-pa
pers and publications as he shall select, not to exceed in
amount per annum the cost of four daily papers."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House of
Representatives of the second session of the Thir-
ty-Second Congress cannot pass resolutions for
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-Third
Congress.
Mr. STRAUB consented to withdraw his res-
olution.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce a joint
resolution, for the i-elief of Alexander P. t'ield,
late Secretary of Wisconsin, and his sureties.
And I also ask permission to offer a word or two
of explanation, after which I am sure no person
will object to the passage of the resolution.
This resolution was introduced m the Senate
during the last Congress; it was referred to the
Finance Committee, and by them reported back
unanimously. It passed the Senate and was
returned to this House, and by the House it
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
amended by that committee, reported back to the
House, and passed by this House. It was then (
signed by the Speaker and by the President of the ;
Senate, but through an error of the Clerk, it was !
notreturned to the EnrollingCommittee,and there-
fore was not presented to the President for his
signature. It was thus lost.
A Member. Well, let us hear what it is.
Mr. EASTMAN. It is a joint resolution for
the relief of A. P. Fields, late Secretary of the
Territory of Wisconsin. It was introduced last
Congress, at the express recommendation of
Comptroller Whittlesey, to enable him to pass the
accounts. There were some informalities in the
vouchers, which made it necessary, in his opin-
ion, that a resolution should be passed.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 should like to hear what
amount the resolution proposes to take out of the
Treasury.
Mr. EASTMAN. It takes nothing out of the
Treasury. I will say further, that the joint reso-
lution authorizes the accounting officers of the
Treasury Department to pass certain accounts the
vouchers of which are irregular. I will state
further, that this matter has been standing for ten
years, and during that time the original secretary
has removed out of the Territory of Wisconsin,
and a suit has been brought against the sureties,
and this resolution is merely to enable those sure-
ties, who have been at great trouble and expense
to look up the vouchers, to settle the accounts. The
joint resolution, I repeat, proposes to take nothing
out of the Treasury. The moment it passes, the
sureties are prepared to pay the balance into the
Treasury.
The SPEAKER. Is the reception of the joint
resolution objected to ?
No objection was made.
The Clerk then read the joint resolution.
Mr. McMULLlN. I should prefer that the
resolution be referred to one of the standing com-
mittees of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin will be entitled to the floor if he claims it.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to the reception
of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It has already been received.
Mr. EASTMAN. I will state, for the inform-
ation of the House, that the resolution was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, at the
last session, who took it up, item by item, and
examined them critically. I move the previous
question on the passage of the resolution.
The call for the previous question was seconded;
and ihe main question was then ordered to be put.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed, and read a third time; and, being read a
third time, it was passed.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now
proceed to the election of a Chaplain.
Mr. EASTMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
joint resolution was just passed, and that that
motion be laid upon the tabie.
The question was put, and the latter motion
agreed to.
ELECTION OF CH4PLAT1V.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would .surest to
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr/Oun,]
that the resolution passed by the Senate, in refer-
ence to the election of a Chaplain, has not been
acted upon as yet.
Mr. ORR. I move, then, that that resolution
be taken up.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, the reso-
lution will be read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would ask of
the Chair what is the regular order of business
under the rules ?
The SPEAKER. Calling upon States for
petitions.
Mr. JONES. Then I insist that we start right,
and adhere to the strict order of business, so that
we may see whether our proceedings are ob-
structed by the rules or by the members.
• Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman
from Tennessee object to the taking up of the
resolution ?
The SPEAKER. He does object, and insists
that we proceed to the consideration of the regu-
lar order of business, which is the call upon States
for petitions.
Mr. ORR. Is not the proposition I have sub-
mitted a privileged question'
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of no
order of the House, or law of the two Houses,
making a Chaplain an officer of the House; and,
therefore, cannot decide that the proposition is a
privileged one.
Mr. ORR. The election of a Chaplain is a
part of the organization of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is not the
election for Chaplain provided for in the joint
rules of both Houses?
The SPEAKER. Tt is not. It is generally
provided for by resolution adopted at the begin-
ning of each Congress. Such is the recollection
of the Chair.
Mr. STEPHENS. It appertains to the or-
ganization of the House, and I think has been
held so heretofore.
The SPEAKER. It would do so, were there
any law recognizing the Chaplain as an officer of
the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I would
ask the Speaker at what time the resolution
adopted by the Senate for the election of Chap-
lains will be reached in the regular order of bus-
iness ?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to determine at what time it will be reached.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It would be greatly
to the relief of members if we disposed of this
Chaplain business. [Laughter.] The candidates
are multiplying, and those whose names are now
before us are getting uneasy. I am anxious to
have the matter settled, and therefore ask that the
rules be suspended to take up the Senate resolu-
tion, so that the rejected applicants may apply for
some other office if they do not get this. [Laugh-
ter.!
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, except on
Monday, to move that the rules be suspended.
Petitions are now in order from the State of
Maine.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Then I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to introduce the reso-
lution.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
granting unanimous consent?
Mr HAMILTON. I object.
The SPEAKER. Petitions are then in order
from the State of Maine.
Mr. FULLER presented the petition of
Uriah Hanscom, asking for an increase of pen-
sion, now on the navy list of invalid pensions;
and that the same may be referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions. Also, the petition of
William Pool, of Calais, Maine, asking that an
arrears of ten years' pension may be granted to
him.
Tne SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Maine that there is no Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions yet constituted under
the rules of the House.
_ IVIr. DUNHAM. I wish to inquire whether
it is m order for a member to introduce more than
one petition at a time? My reason for asking the
question is this: that if members are allowed to
present any number of petitions they choose,
those of us low on the list, will find a long calen-
dar run nn before our turn comes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks members
may introduce more than one petition, but they
are confined to the introduction of one resolution
or one bill.
Mr. FULLER. I see the difficulty suggested
by the Chair, and I inquire for information wheth-
er it is not in order to introduce petitions before
the House is fully organized by the appointment
of the committees, and be afterwards referred ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to introduce
petitions, but they cannot be referred until the
committees are established by the orders of the
House.
Mr. HOUSTON. My recollection is, that at
a last Congress an order was madf to refer peti-
tions, which were presented at an early period of
the session, to the committees when they should
be constituted. I am aware that there are no
committees now, but 1 presume it is proper for us
to say that petitions should be referred when the
committees are raised; and if that course is pur-
sued, it will certainly save a great deal of trouble,
and prevent us from getting into a difficulty which
will grow up if all these petitions are to go to the
table, and afterwards be called up and referred by
the action of the House. It seems to me that it
is unnecessary to make the call if we do nothing
with the petitions but put them upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of this body
petitions may be introduced and referred under
the rules of the House, when the committees are
established, at the Clerk's table, under the general
superintendence and inspection of the Speaker.
The Chair apprehends little difficulty in giving
the petitions their proper direction.
Mr. HOUSTON. The petition is better off in
the hands of the members than upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
members to consider, and not for the Speaker.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is any one entitled to
the floor, and is there any question before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The business before the
House is the call upon States for petitions.
Mr. JONES. I wish to make one suggestion
to the House. If gentlemen will permit the States
to be called for petitions, without presenting them,
it will take but two or three minutes to get through
with the call, and then the next business in order
will be a call upon States for resolutions; and I
have no doubt there will be plenty of them ready
to be presented.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I offer the following
resolution in order to complete the organization of
the House :
Resolved, That the Speaker he authorized to appoint
the standing committees ot this House.
The question was taken, and the resolution
was agreed to.
CALL OF STATES FOR PETITIONS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petitions of sundry
inhabitants of New Haven, Connecticut, asking
for an appropriation by Congress for a custom-
house at that place. Also, a petition of sundry
inhabitants of Middlesex, Connecticut, asking for
an appropriation for a breakwater at Westbrook,
in said county.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers of Alfred Nel-
son, and to refer them to the appropriate com-
l mittee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask leave
to withdraw the papers, but they cannot be re-
ferred at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House sundry petitions of in-
habitants of Philadelphia, praying that Congress
will so amend the act of September 28, 1850, as
to give to the soldiers, sailors, and marines, that
were engaged in the war of 1812, one hundred
and sixty acres of land; and that they may be re-
ferred, when the committees are appointed, to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
If it is in order, Mr. Speaker, I desire to in-
struct, with the consent of the House, that com-
mittee to report at an early day upon that subject.
It is a subject upon which great interest is felt in the
city and county of Philadelphia, and especially in
the district which I have the honor to represent
upon the floor of this House. There is a strong
feeling existing among my constituents, that in-
