1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ims
ginal proposition, so that if he moves theprevious
question, and his amendment fails, we may act
upon the amendment I desire to offer as well as
upon the resolution of the Senate. The amend-
ment I propose is to provide " that the Senators
and Representatives shall not be entitled to, and
shall not receive, per diem daring the recess."
Mr. ORR. It was my purpose before taking
my seat to demand the previous question. I have
no desire to preclude any motion being made with
a view of obtaining the sense of the House as to
the time we shall adjourn, or whether we shall
have a recess. I am myself opposed to a recess.
I believe that we can finish the necessary business
of the country by the 31st of July—the day that has
been indicated in the amendment I have offered.
At the time when the original motion was made
fixing the ] 4th of August as the day for adjourn-
ment, we had then before us the Pacific railroad
bill, which promised to consume a great deal of
time, and we also had before us a proposition to
appropriate $10,000,000 to carry out the provisions
of the late Mexican treaty. Those questions have
now been disposed of, and looking back to the
history of the previous legislation of the country,
J think we may safely say that the appropriation
bills may all be passed by the31etof July, besides
disposing of the business which may arise during
the morning hour. I think it would not be safe
for us to fix an earlier day for adjournment than
the 31st of July.
Mr. BOCOCK-. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will allow me, I desire to say a word or
two on this subject.
Mr. ORR. Certainly.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire, in the beginning, to
ask the gentleman from South Carolina, if he has
made his calculation as to the amount of business
that can be done by the House by the Slstof July,
i suppos-ed when the amendment was offered by
him that the day of adjournment had been fixed
Upon solely in relation to the passage of the ap-
propriation bills. The gentleman, in the remarks
which he has made since he rose, has let out that
idea, has conveyed the intimation to the House
that he thinks by the 31st of July the appropria-
tion bills can alone be passed, and that all other
business must he over, except, perhaps, such bus-
iness as may be transacted m the morning hour.
.Now, I am as much in favor of an early adjourn-,
ment as any member on this floor. 1 have voted
for the proposition for an early adjournment when-
ever I thought there was a chance of our being
able to transact the necessary business of the
Hou.se. But I think we might as well adjourn m
the beginning of the session as leave the necessary
business of legislation undone. There is no virtue
in an early adjournment which leaves the business
of the country undone. 1 do not believe in ap-
pealing to the people on any such ground. I came
here to participate in doing the business of the
country, and I want to do it, and to do it as soon
as possible, and when the business is done I want
to go back to the people, and tell them that our
duty is performed.
JNow, sir, there are various bills here to be dis-
posed of. I have charge of one, and I speak only
for that one. I know, however, that there are
various other bills of importance to be acted on.
There is the bill for the reform of the Army, for
instance. Then, 1 am sure there are bills to be
acted on which the gentleman behind me [Mr.
Disney] has in charge. There are still other bills
to the disposition of which the country is looking
forward, and in which the country feels an interest.
Hut 1 have nothing to say about any of them for
which 1 am not personally responsible.
I ask the gentleman from South Carolina, there-
fore, to give me two days for the bill which I
have in charge, and which I think one of essen-
tial interest to the country. It is a bill which is
calculated to confer great benefits upon our Re-
public. If the gentleman from South Carolina
has fixed the 31st of July as the day for the ad-
journment of the House, in relation merely to
the appropriation bills, I ask him to give me only
two days for mine. Let him fix the day of ad-
journment as the 2d of August for the purpose of
allowing the extra two days for the consideration
of the bill on which the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs has labored much this session, and which I
want to have brought before the House and-acted
on in some shape or other. I ask that this time
be given to me for the purpose I have indicated,
and I leave it for other gentlemen to take care of
their own interests.
Mr. ORR. 1 have some bills in the disposition
of which I feel an interest myself, as well as the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] -does in
his. But 
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from South Carolina yield me the floor for
a moment?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. It is, that the gentleman from
South Carolina cannot hold the floor and yield it
to others in that way. There are a great many
members here, I have no doubt, who wish to ex-
press their views on this subject. I hope, there-
fore, that the gentleman from South Carolina,
when he has made his speech, will yield the floor,
and give to gentlemen at the head of committees,
and others who wish to express their views, an
opportunity to do so.
Several Members. Certainly, certainly.
The SPEAKER. In reply to the question of
order raised by the gentleman from Tennessee,
the Chair decides that it is in order for a gentle-
man occupying the floor to yield it for explana-
tion, but for explanation alone.
Mr. JONES. Exactly; but it is not in order
for him to yield it to others to make speeches.
The SPEAKER. No; it is not in order to
yield the floor for that purpose.
Mr. DISNEY. I ask the gentleman from South
Carolina to yield me the floor for a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. ORR. In a moment.
The appropriation bill proper may be disposed
of even before the 31st of July. If the gentle-
man from Virginia wants but two days, and if he
can reach his bill there will be ample time to have
it considered. I have no doubt that much more
than two days will be consumed in matters which
I am free to say, are of much less importance
than the bill which the gentleman from Virginia
has in charge.
Now, as to the necessary business of the coun-
try, 1 am not one of those who believe that Con-
gress is serving the people most when they legislate
most. The great bane of our system of govern-
ment, if there be any bane in it, is the tendency
of all our legislative bodies to pass too many laws.
Now, I think the business may be finished up by
the day that I propose for adjournment. I think
that my friend's naval bill may be disposed of
before then. 1 think that the Army bill, which
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. B'aulknerJ
spoke of this morning, may be also disposed of.
Mr. COBB. What about the railroad bills?
Mr. ORR. I think that with, a little caution
on the part of the gentlemen having charge of the
railroad bills, as the gentleman from Alabama
desires my opinion as to them, they may be dis-
posed of too. I think that in the morning hour
we may pass all those bills that ought to be passed.
Mr. DISNEY. I, for one, sir, am exceedingly
opposed to the agitation of the question of adjourn-
ment at this time, and 1 hope the House will look
into and examine the amount of business pending
before it, and before its committees. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands is filled to repletion with
matters of the most important character, intnjjjjkl
to it for examination; matters involving thsBtt-
vestigation of questions both of law and fact. But
not only that committee, but the various other
committees of this House have struggled for the
floor for weeks and months, and each, and perhaps
all of them with a large amount of business which
they are exceedingly anxious to get before the
House, and have been unable to do so. JNo gen-
tleman knows better than the gentleman from
South Carolina, that if we go on and make this
eaily adjournment, regardless of this amount of
business, the effect will be that you will come here
at the next short session, and pass only the ne-
cessary appropriation bills, and all this immense
amount of matter will go over until the next Con-
gress, which will be composed of a large number
of new members, and the whole business which
is now prepared, and ready to be acted upon, wili
have to be reinvestigated, and will again encumber
our Calendar. It is m this way that matters con-
tinue before Congress year after year, and it is
for this reason that we have matters upon our
Calendar which have been before Congress for
half a century.
The committee with which I have thfe honor to
be connected has an immense amount of business
before it, and ready to be acted upon, important
in its character. That business has reference, riot
only to railroad bills, but to matters connected
with our public domain of a most important na-
ture. These matters have been examined, and
examined with care, and the committee are anx-
ious to make their reports to the House. But it is
manifest that this early adjournment has jto refer-
ence whatever to anything but the passage of the
appropriation bills.
I have an in
incident relating to this matter—and
gentlemen will pardon rae for referring to it. A
gentleman upon this floor, the other day, an-
nounced to the House that, in his judgment, all
the important business of the House could -be
transacted within the time indicated for the ad-
journment. The next day he called upon me to
inquire in relation to a bill in which he was-in-
terested, which was under my charge, and whi^h,
in his judgment, is a bill of the utmost import-
ance. I was compelled to say to him that it cduld
not be reached. Yet he had stated to this House
that there was time enough, before the day desig-
nated for adjournment, to transact all the import-
ant business of the House.
Now, I beseech this House to reflect upon this
matter, and not give way to their an«iety to get
away from this warm weather, but really to sit
down and examine the amount and character of
the business before them.
In my opinion there is but one way to do, an,d
that is to refer this matter to a committee of this
House to examine into the amount and character of
the business before the House. When they shall
have done so, and the committee have reported,
the House can act intelligently and understand-'
ingly upon the swbject, and gentlemen will not be
cutoff from the consideration of matters in which
they feel a personal interest. They sometimes
forget themselves,tmd get up here and say that all
the important business can be transacted, when
there are matters in which they are interested, and
which cannot possibly be reacned before the early
day indicated for adjournment.
But we cannot adjourn at that early day. All
this thing is ill advised. Let the matter be re-
ferred to one of the committees of the House, and
let them examine it before we undertake to fix a
day for adjournment. If you adjourn at the time
fixed in the amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina, you will sacrifice, to a vast ex-
tent, the interests of the country. It is wrong. I
would like to have the matter examined by a com-
mittee, and I hope it will be referred.
Mr. ORR. The committee will perhaps par-
don me for one moment more. I have no objec-
tion to my friend from New York manifesting a
disposition to pass upon all the business of the
House; but my friend has been here long enough
to know that if we were to sit here from now until
the first of December, we should not dispose of
the private claims alone which encumber the Cal-
endars of Congress. As for disposing of all the
business which has been brought before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and which has been, or
will be, reported back by them for the action of the
House, that alone, if properly ^examined, would
occupy the time of the House for three months.
So that it is useless to talk of disposing of ail the
business before the House.
We are already approaching the middle of sum-
mer. Most of us have been absent from our
homes for more than seven months. The hot
weather is upon us; we know that a disease is ap-
proachingfus from all sides; and suppose it should
make its-appearance here, I ask whether we should
be able to keep the House together ? Should we
not at once find ourselves without aquorum? Is
it not important that we should pass the necessary
appropriation bills and go home? Then, when
we come back in December, let us go to work and
not adjourn over from Thursday to Monday, as
we are in the habit of doing. If the naval bill
under the charge of my friend from Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] is not disposed of during the present
session, let us then take it up and dispose of it.
We could have disposed of that and of the Pacific
railroad bill in the time we have lost by adjourn-
ment over during the present session. We may
dispose of them, and of a considerable amount
of private business, in the mo#th of December.
But if gentlemen expect, to dispose of al! the
business that has been referred to the standing
