§
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
to resolutions of the House; but joint resolutions I
are on the same footing with biils.
-Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
reading of the 114th ruie.
The rule was read by the CJerk, as follows:
«114. Every bill shall be introduced on the report of a
committee, or by motion for leave. In the latter ease, at
)east one day's notice «hali be given of the motion in ihe
House, or by filing memorandum thereof with ihe Clerk,
and having it entered on the Journal; and the motion shall
be made, and the bill intro'duued, if leave is given, when
resolutions are called for: such motion, or the bill when
introduced, may be committed."
Mr. DEAN. I now give notice that I shall
move on the first Monday, that such a motion is
allowable, that the rules be suspended for the in-
troduction of the resolution, the title of which has
just been.read.
The SPEAKER: Resolutions are in order
from the State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That two Chaplains
be elected, one by the Senate and the other by the House of
Representatives,"and that they officiate alternately duung
the present session of Congress.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submitthis resolution at
this time, believing that it will bring up that sub-
ject perfectly in order.
Mr. HAMILTON. It is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Being still of
opinion that there is no authority under the Con-
stitution to employ preachers or Chapiains of any
denominations for this Government or this tiouse
of Representatives, and believing, further, that it
io a burlesque upon the Christian religion to have
a Chaplain in this House, I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. HAVEN. Upon that I ask the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Does not this resolution
come under that order of resolutions of which no-
tice must be given ?
The SPEAKER. It is a single resolution in
reference to the organization of the House, re-
quiring the concurrence of the two bodies, and is
not in the nature of a law, and therefore is not
required to be read three times. The Chair over-
rules the point of order.
The House was then divided upon the rail for
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; one fifth
of the House voting in favor thereof.
PRESIDENT'S MESaAGE.
A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the hands of Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary, transmitting to
the House of Representatives his annual message
and accompanying documents.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is there any question be-
fore the House. ]
The SPEAKER. There is; and it is this: Is j
it the unanimous consent of the House, that the >
President's message be read ? j
There being no objection, the message was read .
by the Clerk, as follows : i
Fellow-citizens of the Senate t
and House of Representatives.' |
The interest with which the people of the Re- '
public anticipate the assembling of Congress, and !
the fulfillment, on that occasion, of the duty im- <
posed upon a new President, is one of the best j
evidences of their capacity to realize the hopes j
of the founders of a political system, at once j
complex and symmetrical. While the different !
branches of the Government are, to a certain ex- \
tent, independent of each other, the duties of all, |
alike, have direct reference to the source of power. I
Fortunately, under this system, no man is so high, j
and none so humble, m the scale of public sta- j
tion, as to escape fiom the scrutiny, or to be ex- j
empt from the responsibility, winch all oificial }
functions imply. I
Upon the justice and intelligence of the masses, I
in a Government thus organized, is the sole re- ;
liance of the Confederacy, and the only security j
for honest and earnest devotion to us interests
against the usurpations and encroachments of
power on tfys one hand, and the assaults of per-
sonal ambition on the other.
The interest, of which I have spoken, is in-
separable from an inquiring, self-governing com-
munity, but stimulated, doubtless, at the present
time, by the unsettled condition of our relations
with several foreign Powers; by the new obliga-
tions resulting from a sadden extension of the
field of enterprise; by the spirit with which that
field has been entered, and the amazing energy
with which its resources for meeting the demands
of humanity have been developed.
Although disease, assuming at one time the
characteristics of a wide-spread and devastating
pestilence, has left its sad traces upon some por-
tions of ourcountry, we have still the most abund-
ant cause for reverent thankfulness to God for an
accumulation of .signal mercies showered upon us
as a nation. It is well that a consciousness of
rapid advancement and increasing strength be
habitually associated with an abiding sense of de-
pendence upon Him who holds in his hands the
destiny of men and of nations.
Recognizing the wisdom of the broad principle
of absolute religious toleration proclaimed in our
fundamental law, and rejoicing in the benign in-
fluence which it has exerted upon our social and
political condition, I should shrink from a clear
duty, did I fail to express my deepest conviction,
that we can place no secure reliance upon any
apparent progress, if it be not sustained by na-
tional integrity, resting upon the great truths
affirmed and illustrated by divine revelation. Jn
the midst of our sorrow for the afflicted and suf-
fering, it has been consoling to see how promptly
disaster made true neighbors of districts and cities
separated widely from each other, and cheering
to watch the strength of that common bond of
brotherhood, which unites all hearts, in all parts
of this Union, when danger threatens from abroad,
or calamity impends over us at home.
Our diplomatic relations with foreign Powers
have undergone no essential change since the ad-
! journment of the last Congress With some of
I them, questions of a disturbing character are still
' pending, but there are good reasons to believe
! that these may all be amicaMy adjusted.
I For some years past, Gieat Britain has so con-
! strued the first articleof the convention of the 20th
; of April, 1818, in regard to the fi he'ies on he
- northeastern coas , as to exclude our citizens from
, some of th fishing grounds, to which thry freely
, resorted for nearl a quarter of a century subse-
| quent to the date of that treaty. The United
i States have nev>Tacquie ced in this construction,
j but have always claimed for their fishermen all
the rights which they had so long enjoyed with-
, out molestation. With a view to remove all dif-
I Acuities on the subject, to extend the rights of our
| fishermen beyond the limits fixed by the conven-
, tion of J818, and to regulate trade between the
■ United StUtes and the British North American
' provinces, a negotiation has been opened, with a
'fair prospect of a favorable iesuit. To ptotect
our fishermen in the enjoyment of their rights,
I and prevent collision between them and British
fishermen, I deemed it expedient to station a naval
1 force in that quarter during the fishing season,
i Embarrassing questions have also arisen be-
! tween the two Governments in regard to Central
ij America. Great Britain has proposed to settle
li them by an amicable arrangement, and our Min-
j; ister at London is instructed to enter into negotia-
tions on that subject.
A commission for adjusting the claims of our
citizens against Great Britain, and those of British
subjects against the United States, organized un-
1 der the convention of the 8th of February last, is
now sitting in London for the transaction of busi-
i ness.
; It is in many respects desirable that the
' boundary line between the United States and the
I British provinces m the northwest, as designated
; in the convention of the 15th of June, 1846, and
: especially that part which separates the Territory
i of Washington from the British possessions on
' the north, should be traced and marked. 1 there-
( foie present the subject to your notice.
1 W ith France our relations continue on the most
, friendly footing. The extensive commerce between
; the United States and that country might, it is con-
l ceived, be released from some unnecessary restnr-
: tions, to the mutual advantage of both parties.
; With a view to this object, some progress has
; been made in negotiating a treaty of commerce
and navigation.
| Independently of our valuable trade with Spain,
, we have important political relations with her,
| growing out of our neighborhood to the Islands of
; Cuba and Porto Rico. I am happy to announce,
| that since the last Congress no attempts have been
I made, by unauthorized expeditions within the Uni-
ted States, against either of those colonies. Should
any movement be manifested within our limns, all
the means at my command will be vigorously ex-
erted to repress it. Several annoying occurrences
have taken place at Havana, or ill the vicinity of
the Island of Cuba, between our citizens and the
Spanish authorities. Considering the proximity
of that island to our shores,—lying, as it does,
in the track of trade between some of our princi-
pal cities,—and the suspicious vigilance with
which foreign intercourse, particularly that with
the United States, is there guaided, a repetition
of such occurrences may well be apprehended.
As no diplomatic intercourse is allowed between
our Consul at Havana and the Captain General
of Cuba, ready explanations cannot be made, or
prompt redress afforded, where injury has resulted.
All complaint on the part of our citizens, under
the present arrangement, must be, in the first
place, presented to this Government, and then re-
ferred to Spain. Spam again refers it to her local
authorities in Cuba for investigation, and post-
pones an answer till she has heard from those
authorities. To avoid these irritating and vexa-
tious delays, a proposition has been made to pro-
vide for a direct appeal for redress to the Captain-
General by our Consul, in behalf of our injured
fellow-citizens. Hitherto, the Government of
Spain has declined to enter into any such ariange-
ment. This course on her partis deeply regretted;
for, without some arrangement of this kind, the
good understanding between the two countries
may be exposed to occasional interruption. Our
Minister at Madrid .is instructed to renew the
proposition, and to press it again upon the con-
sideration of her Catholic Majesty's Government.
For several years Spam has been calling the at-
tention of this Government to a claim for losses,
by some of her subjects, in the case of the schooner
Amistad. This claim is believed to rest on the ob-
ligations imposed by our existing treaty with that
country. Us justice was admitted, in our diplo-
matic correspondence with the Spanish Govern-
, ment, as early as March, 1847; and one of my
I predecessors, in his annual message of that year,
recommended that piovision should be made for
■ its payment. In January last it whs again sub-
mitted to Congress by the Executive, it has re-
, ceived a favorable consideration by committees of
: both branches, but as yet there has been no final
action upon it. I conceive that good faith requires
i its prompt adjustment, and I present it to your
early and favorable consideration.
Martin Koszta, a Hungarian by birth, came to
■ this count'y in 185 >, and declared his intention,
■ in due form o law, to become a citizen of the
United States. After rem«imn^ here nearly two
I years, he visitfd Turkey. While at Smyrna, he
: was forcibly seized, take on b' aid an Austrian
; bi ig-of-war, then lying in the harbor of that place,
. and there confined in lions, with the avowed de-
sign to take him into the dominions of Austria.
Our Consul at Smyrna and i egation at Constan-
tinople interposed for his release, but their efforts
were ineifectual. While thus imprisoned, Com-
mander Ingraharn, with the United States hip-of-
I war St. Loivs, arrived at Smyrna, and, after in-
i quiring into the ein umsttmces of the case, came
! to the conclusion that Koszta was entitled to the
! protection of this Government, and took eneigetic
; and prompt measures for his release. Under an
arrangement between the agents of the United
States and of Austria, he was transferred to the
I custody of the French Consul-General at Smyr-
j na, there to remain until he should be disposed
; of by the mutual agreement of the Consuls of
! the respective Governments at that place Pur-
! suant to that agreement he has been released,
and is now in the United States. The Em-
, peror of Austria has made the conduct of our
| officers who took part in this transaction a sub-
i ject of grave complaint. Regarding Iioszta as
j still his subject, and claiming a right to seize him
I within the limits of the Turkish empire, he has
demanded of this Government its consent to the
• surrender of the prisoner, a disavowal of the acts
of its agents, and satisfaction for the alleged out-
rage. After a careful consideration of the case, I
, came to the conclusion that Koszta was seized
without legal authority at Smyrna; that he was
wrongfully detained on board of the Austrian
, brig-of-war; that, at the time of his seizure, he
was clothed with the nationality of the United
j States; and that the acts o£*'our officers, under the
