1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■iwr
Walsh, EUiim B. Washburne, Israel WtggBjpforn, Wells,
John Wi'iitworth, Tappan Wentworth, YaWs, and Zolli
coffer—1 -S'2.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
The question recurred on the ameflSment of the
Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nay « on the question.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask a question of
the Chair. Is the question now on concurring
■with the Senate's amendment to the resolution of
the House ?
The SPEAKER. That is the question.
Mr. PHILLIPS. And the refusal, therefore,
to concur with the amendment of the Senate, will
leave the resolution of the House as it was origin-
ally adopted?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. HOUSTON. And secure a conference
committee?
The SPEAKER. That will be the effect of
such a vote on the part of the House.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the negative—yeas 71, nays 105; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Appleton, Bennett, Camp-
boil, Carulhers, Cook, (Jorwin,Crocker, Cullom, Curtis,
Thomas Dim*, De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Thomas D. El-
iot, Everhart, Flagler, Franklin, Gamble, Giddtngs-, Good-
rich, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hie ter, HiMyer,
Howe, Kerr, Kittredge, Knox, Lath am, JLmdley, McCul-
loch, Mace,Mauesotf, Mayall, Muldleswarih, Morgan,Nor-
ton, Mordecai Oliver, Packer, Parker, Peck, Peekham,
Pemitnglon, Bishop Perkins, Pringle, lleady, Reese, David,
llitcliie, Rowe, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Ssapp, Seward, Fred-
erick P. Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upliarn, Wade, Walley,
Elhhu B. Washburne, John Wentworth, Tappan Went-
worth, and Yates—71.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Ashe, David J Bailey,Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry,
Belcher, Bell, Benson, Benton, Breckinridge, Bridges,
Brooks, Carpenter, Ca^kie, Chandler, Chastain, ChriMii<in,
Churchwell, Clark, Clingtnan, (,'ohh, Oraign, Cox, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dean, Disney, Dowdell, Eastman,
Edd^, John M. Elliott, Ellison, Engl^b, Eiheridge, Ewing,
Faib-y, Faulkner, Fetiton, Florence, Goode, Green, Green-
wood, Wiley P. Hdrn«, Hastings, Hendricks, I-I^nn, Hill,
Houhton, Hughes, Hunt, Ingeisoll, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, J GUncy Jones. Roland Jones,
Keiti, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lmd^ley, McMulhn,
McNnir, M«icy, Maxwell, May, John G Miller, Sinitu Mil-
ler, Millson, Morri.-on, Murray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver,
Orr, John Perkins, Phelps, Phillips, Powell, Riddle, Thom-
as Ritchey, Robbins, Ruffin. Shannon, Shaw, Geriit Smith,
William Smith, William R. Smiih, George W. Smyth,
Alexander H. Stephens, Hcstor L. Stevens, David Stuart,
John J Taj lor, John L. Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Walker,
Walsh, Israel Washburn, Wheeler, Daniel B. Wright, and
Zollicofler—105.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
just taken by which the Senate's amendment was
non-concurred m, and also that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Sidney Web-
ster, Esq., his Private Secretary, transmitting
to Congress copies of two communications of the
2 'th ultimo, and the 4th instant, respectively.from
Her Britannic Majesty's Minister accredited to
this Government, to the Secretary of State, relative
to the health on shipboard of emigrants from
foreign countries to the United States. This was
the subject of the President's message to Con-
gress of the 27th of April Inst.
On motion by Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, the
message and accompanying documents were refer-
red to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by the
hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary,
apprising the House that the Senate had agreed,
among others, to the following bill:
Bii! of the House (No. 405) to enable the Presi-
dent of the United States to execute the third arti-
cle of the recent treaty with Mexico.
RECESS OF CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER. The business next in order
is the consideration of the following joint resolu-
tion:
Joint resolution providing for a recess from the
first Monday in July to the third Monday in
October-
Mr. GREENWOOD. I propose that the House
appoint a committee of conference to confer with
a like committee of the Senate.
The SPEAKER. That would not be regular.
The action of the House wiil be reported to the
Senate, and it will be for that body to determine
on the course to be taken in regard to it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is hardly worth while for
us to travel over all this ground again. We will
probably have a conference about this matter to
agree to some time for the adjournment of Con-
gress. if the House will agree to do so, I would
like to go into committee this evening, and take
up either the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill, or 
[Cries of " Oh, no; oh, no.1']
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I rise to a privi-
leged question I move to reconsider the vote by
which the message of the President of the United
States, which was laid before the House, by the
Speaker, a few moments since, was referred to the
Committee on Commerce. Upon looking at the
papers, I am confident that they ought to go to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The question was put upon Mr. Bayly's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to; and theg, by unani-
mous consent, the message and accompanying
papers were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
On motion of Mr. Houston, (at three o'clock
and thirty minutes) the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
j; IN SENATE.
Friday, June 30, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sl'cer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
HEALTH OF IMMIGRANTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, it being private bill day, laid before the
Senate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting copies of two communications
of the 26th ultimo and 4th instant, from her Bii-
tannic Majesty's Minister accredited to the Gov-
ernment ol the United States, to the Secretary of
State, relative to the health on shipboard of immi-
grants from foreign countries to the United States;
which was referred to the select committee ap-
pointed to inquire into the subject, and ordered to
be printed.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMUTEES-
Mr. CHASE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Isaac Swain,
praying remuneration for losses caused by the
failure of the agents of the Government to com-
ply with the terms of a contract with him for the
transportation of certain commissary's stores
from Valparaiso to Bemcia, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading. The re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PET TIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of Gaston T. Raoul, praying permission to enter
a section of land under a certificate duly issued by
the register and receiver of the Greensburg land
district of Louisiana, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read, and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
RECONSIDERATION OF A VOTE.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I yesterday
offered a resolution calling on the State Depart-
ment for information in regard to the proposition
for the interchange of breadsmffs between Canada
and the United States. *1 made search before
I offered the resolution, and I found none of the
papers which J wished to call out. Since the res-
olution was adopted, however, 1 have discovered
by the aid of one of the clerks, that the greater
part of the information was communicated at a
former day, and as that answers the purpose I had
in view, I move to reconsider the vote adopting
the resolution, in order that it may iie on the table.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and the
resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. GW1N. A bill was passed by the Senate
some weeks since for the relief of D^ivid Myerle.
A reconsideration was moved by the Senator from
Indiana* {Mr. Bright*] That question has been
lying over for many weeks, and I should like to
have it taken up, and disposed of this morning.
The PRESIDENT. That being a private biH
on the Gaiendar, the motion of the Senator is in
Older.
Mr. GWIN. I move to take up for considera-
tion the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed. - -
Mr.,CHASE. The Senator from Indiana is not
in his seat, and I should like to inquire of the Sen-
ator from California if he has conversed with him
on the subject >
Mr. GWIN, When I attempted to call up this
matter at a former day, it was stated that the Sen-
ator from Indiana wished to discuss the question.
1 subsequently saw him, and he told me he had
nothing to say on it, but that he had moved the
reconsideration of the motion for the Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] and that he had no ob-
jection to us coming up at any time, whether he
was present or not.
Mr. BAYARD. It is perfectly immaterial to me
whether the bill is taken up and acted upon now
or at any other time; for in such weather as this
is 1 am not going to speak on it. -1 have looked
into the facts, and I have conversed with some
Senators in reference to it. My own mind is
clear, on examination, that there is no shadow
of claim in the case. After looking at all the ma-
terial papers f cannot realize on what ground'the
report was ever based. I am perfectly willing,
however, to take the vote, if gentlemen have made
up their minds on their own investigation. I am
not going, in this weather, to discuss questions of
this kind.
The motion of Mr. Gwin was agreed to; and
the question being upon agreeing to the motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
Mr. BAYARD called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Adams, Allen,Atchison, Bayard, Bright,
Brodhead, Cha^e, OI y, Cla.uon, Dodge of Wisconsin,
Evans, Fnzp.iirick, Haiutin, Hunter, Mason, SIideli,Stuait,
Toucey, and William*-— 19
NAYS—Met-srs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Fes^end^n, Fish/
Geyer, Gillette, Gwin, James, Jones of Tennessee, Maliory,
Noma, Cettiiy Rockwell, Seward, Wade, and Weller—1-7.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to. 1
The PRESIDENT. The question now is,
tl Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. CLAY called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
The bill proposes to direct the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to David Myerle $30,000 for
losses, sacrifices, and expenses incuned by him
in testing and establishing the practicability and
safety of the process of water-rotting hemp, under
the direction of the Navy Department. *
Mr EVANS. As 1 do not intend to vote now
in the same way that I did when this bill was be-
fore the Senate on a former occasion, £ beg leave
to say merely that since it was then under con-
sideration I have looked more minutely into the
claim than 1 did before, and I am satisfied that
this man is entitled to something. Myonlydiffi- 4
culty is that the bill allows him, perhaps, a little
more iha,n he ought to have; but, rather than not
pay him anything, 1 have made up my mind to
vote for the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. President, as this bill was
returned from the House on my motion, it U
proper that I should state the reasons that gov-
erned me m making the motion. When the bill
was under the consideration of the Senate, I voted
first,for the amendpient to reduce the amount to
$10,000. That proposition was voted down, and
then I had presented to me the question whether
I should vote for the bill as it stood appropriating
$30,000, or should give the claimant nothing? I
thought, under ail the circumstances, that it would
be proper to give him the #30,000. But rny reason
for moving the reconsideration, and asking for the
return of the bill from the House was, that the
honorable Senator from Delaware, soon after the
passage of the bill, expressed the opinion that he
could "satisfy the Senate, if an opportunity was
given hirn, that this was an unjust claim.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to correct his statement?
Mr. BRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I certainly made no allegation
of that kind. The honorable Senator misunder-
stood me. I told him (.thought I could satisfy
him as to his own individual vetfc* frit I did net
/
