1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
circumstances of the case, were justifiable, and I
their conduct has been fully approved by me, and j
a compliance with the several demands of the •
Empeior of Austria has been dechned. j
For a more full account of this transaction and j
my views m regard to it. I refer to the correspond-
ence between the charge d'affairs of Austria and |
the Secretary of State, which is herewith trans- j
nntted. The principles and policy, therein main- ;
tamed on the part of the United States, will, when- j
ever a proper occasion occurs, be applied and !
enforced. j
The condition of China, at this time, renders it i
probable that some important changes will occur
in that vast empire, winch will lead to a moie un-
restricted intercourse w ith it. The Commissioner
to that country, who has been recently appointed,
is instructed to avail himself of all occasions to
open and extend our commercial relations, not
only with the empire of China, but with other
Asiatic nations
In 185:2, an expedition was sent to Japan, under
the command of Commodore Perry, for the pur-
pose of opening commercial intercourse with that
Empire. Intelligence has been received of his ar-
rival there, and of his having made known to the
Emperor of Japan the object of his visit; but it is
not yet ascertained how tar the Emperor will be
dispos d to abandon his restrictive policy, and
open that populous country to a commercial in-
tercourse with the United States.
it has been my earnest desire to maintain
friendly intercourse with the Governments upon
this continent, and to aid them in preserving good
understanding among themselves. With Mexico,
a dispute has arisen as to the true boundary line
between our Territory of New Mexico and the
Mexican Suite of Chihuahua. A former com-
missioner of the United States, employed m run-
ning that line, pui suant to the treaty ot Guadalupe
Hidalgo, made a serious mistake m detei mining
the initial point on th** Rio Grande; but, inasmuch
as his decision was clearly a departure from the
directions for tracing the boundary contained in
that treaty, and was not concuired in by the sur-
veyor appointed on the part of the United States,
whose concurrence was necessary to give validity
to that decision, this Government is not concluded
thereby; but that of Mexico takes a different view
of the subject.
There are also other questions of considerable
magnitude pending between I he two Republics.
Our Minister m Mexico has ample instructions to
adjust them. Negotiations have been opened, but
sufficient progress has not been made therein to
enable me to speak of the probable result. Im-
pressed with the importance of maintaining ami-
cable iciations with that Republic, and of yielding
With liberality to all her just claims, it is reason-
able to expect that an arrangement mutually sat-
istactoiy to both countries may be concluded, and
a lasting friendship between them confirmed and
perpetuated.
Congress having provided for a full mission to
the States of Central America, a Minister was
sent thither in July last. As yet he has had time
to visit only one of these States, (Nicaragua,)
where he was received in the most friendly man-
ner. it is hoped that his presence and good offices
will have a benign effect in composing the dissen-
sions which prevail among them, and in establish-
ing still moie intimate and friendly relations be-
tween them respectively, and between each of
them and the United States.
Considering the vast regions of this continent,
and the number of States winch would be made
accessible by the free navigation of the river Ama-
zon, particular attention has been given to tins
subject. Brazil, through whose territories it passes
into the ocean, has hitherto persisted in a policy
so restrictive, in regard to the use of this river,
os to obstruct, and nearly exclude, foreign com-
mercial intercourse with theStates which lie i.pon
its tnbutaiies and upper branches. Our Minister
to that country is instructed to obtain a relaxation
of that policy, and to use his efforts to induce the
Brazilian Government to open to common Uf-e,
under proper safeguards, this great natural high-
way for international trade. Several of the South
American Spates are deeply interested in this at-
tempt to secure the free navigation of the Ama-
zon, and it is reasonable to expect their coopera-
tion in the measure. As the advantages of free
commercial intercourse among nations are better
understood, more liberal views are generally enter-
tained as to the common rights of alt to the free
use of those means which nature has provided for
international communication. To these more lib-
eral and enlightened views, it is hoped that Brazil
will conform her policy, and remove all unneces-
sary restrictions upon the free use of a river,
which traverses so many States and so large a part
of the continent. I am happy to inform you that
the Republic of Paraguay and the Argentine Con-
federation have yielded to the liberal policy, still
resisted by Brazil, in regard to the navigable rivers
within their respective territories. Trtaties, em-
bracing this subject among others, have been nego-
tiated with these Governments, which will be sub-
mitted to the Senate at the present session.
A new branch of commerce, important to the
agricultural interests of the United States, has,
within a few years past, been opened with Peru.
Notwithstanding the inexhaustible deposits of
guano upon the islands of that country, consider-
able difficulties are experienced m obtaining the
requisite supply. Measures have been taken to
remove these difficulties, and to secure a more
abundant importation of the article. Unfortu-
nately, there has been a serious collision between
our citizens, who have resorted to the Chincha
Islands for it, and the Peruvian authorities sta-
tioned there. Redress for the outrages, commit-
ted by the latter, was promptly demanded by our
Minister at Lima, This subject is now under
consideration, and there is reason to believe that
, Peru is disposed to offer adequate indemnity to
the aggrieved parties.
We are thus not only at peace with all foreign
■ countries, but, in regard to political affairs, are
exempt from any cause of serious disquietude in
. our domestic relations.
The controversies which have agitated the
, country heretofore, are passing away with the
! causes which produced them and the passions
: which they had awakened; or, if any trace of them
remains, it may be reasonably hoped that, it will
only be perceived in the zealous rivalry of all good
citizens to testify their jespect for the rights of the
States, their devotion to the Union, and their com-
mon determination that each one of the States, its
institutions, its welfare, and its domestic peace
shall be held alike secure under the sacred eegis of
the Constitution.
This new league of amity and of mutual confi-
dence and support, into which the people of the
Republic have entered, happily affords inducement
and opportunity for the adoption of a more com-
prehensive and unembarrassed line of policy and
action, as to the great material interests of the
country, whether regarded in themselves or in
connection with the Powers of the civilized world.
The United States have continued gradually
and steadily to expand, through acquisitions of
territory, which, how much soever some of them
may have been questioned, are now universally
seen and admitted to have been wise in policy,
just in character, and a great element in the ad-
vancement of our country, and, with it, of the
human race, in freedom, in prosperity, and in
happiness. The thirteen State? have grown to be
thirty-one, with relations reaching to Europe on
the one side, and on the other to the distant
realms of Asia.
i am deeply sensible of the immense responsi-
bility which the present magnitude of the Repub-
lic, and the diversity and multiplicity of its inter-
ests, devolves upon me; the alleviation of which,
so far as relates to the immediate conduct of the
public business is, first, in my reliance on the wis-
dom and patriotism of the two Houses of Con-
gress: and, secondly, in the directions afforded me
by the principles of public polity, affirmed by our
fathers of the epoch of 1798, sanctioned by long
experience, and consecrated anew by the over-
whelming voice of the people of the United States.
Recurring to these principles, which constitute
, the organic basis of'unmn, we perceive that, vast
| as are the functions and the duties of the Federal
Government, vested in, or intrusted to, its three
' great departments—the legislative, executive, and
judicial—yet the substantive power, the popular
, force, and the large capacities for social and ma-
' terial development, exist in the respective Slates,
■ which, all bemg of themselves well constituted
Republics, as they preceded, so they alone are
canable of maintaining and perpetuating the
i American Union. The Federal Government has
| its appropriate line of action in the specific and
: limited powers conferred on it by the .Constitution,
! chiefly as to those things in which the States have
i a common interest in their relations to one an-
i other, and to foreign Governments'; while the
j great mass of interests which belong to cultivated
i men, the ordinary business of life, the springs of
j, industry, all .the diversified personal and domestic
j, affairs of society, rest securely upon the general
preserved powers, of the people of the several
States. There is the effective democracy of the
j, nation, and there the vital essence of its being
11 and its greatness.
j. Of the practical consequences which flow' from
\ the nature of the Federal Government, the primary
j. one is the duty of administering with integrity
;! and fidelity the high trust reposed in it by the
| Constitution, especially in the application of the
| public funds, as drawn by taxation from the peo-
! pie, and appropriated to specific objects by Con-
(i gress. Happily I have no occasion to suggest
, any radical changes in the financial policy of the
11 Government. Ours is almost, if not absolutely,
i; the solitary Power of Christendom having a sur-
Ij plus revenue, drawn immediately from imposts
,j on commerce, and therefore measuied by -the
11 spontaneous enterprise and national prosperity of
the country, with such indirect relation toagncul-
|! ture, manufactures, and the products of the eart'h
; and sea, as to viorate no constitutional doctrine,
and yet vigorously promote the general welfare.
; Neither as to the sources of the public treasure,
I nor as to the manner of keeping and managing it,
i does any grave controversy now prevail, there
II being a geneial acquiescence in the wisdom of the
present system.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
will exhibit, in detail, the state of the public finan-
: ces, and the condition of the vaiious branches of
; the public service administered by that depart-
! ment of the Government.
i The revenue of the country, levied almost in-
sensibly to the tax-payer, goes on from year to
r year increasing beyond either the interests or the
prospective wants of the Government.
|j At the close of the fiscal year ending June 30,
11 1852, there remained in the Treasury a balance of
!; fourteen million six hundred and thirty-two thou-
!, sand one hundred and thirty-six dollars. The
h public revenue for the fiscal year ending June 30,
'i 1853, amounted to fifty-eight million ninehundred
:| and thirty-one thousand eight hundred and six.ty-
l five dollars from customs, and to two million four
\ hundred and five thousand seven hundred and
ii eight dollars from public lands and other miscella-
iiieous sources, amounting together to sixty-one
r million three hundred and thirty-seven thousand
] five hundred and seventy-four dollars ; while the
<! public expenditures for the same period, exclusive
of paymentson account of the publicdebt, amotmt-
:! ed to forty-three million five hundred ami fifty-
\ four thousand two hundred and sixty-two dollars;
ii leaving n balance of thirty-two million four hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand four hundred and
forty-seven dol'arsof receiptsabove expenditures.
, j This fact, of increasing surplus in the Treasury,
Ij became the subject of anxious consideration at a
;j very early period of my administration, and the
jj path of duty in regard to it seemed to me obvious
i! and clear, namely: first, to apply the surplus rev-
'j enue to the discharge of the public debt, so far as
it could judiciously bs done; and secondly, to de-
■ , vice means for the gradual reduction of the revenue
, to the standard of the public exigencies.
Of these objects, the first has been in the course
;! of accomplishment, in a manner and to a degree
, highly satisfactory. The amount of the public
debt, of all classes, was, on the fourth of March,
'' 1853, sixty-nine million one hundred and ninety
i thousand "and thirty-seven dollars; payments on
account of which have been made, since that
■ ; period, to the amount of twelve million seven hun-
dred and three thousand three hundred and twen-
ty-nine dollars; leaving unpaid, and in the con-
\ tinuous course of liquidation, the sum of fifty-six
' million four hundred and eighty-six thousand seven
, hundred and eight dollars. These payments, al-
• though made at the market price of the resnect-
ive classes of stocks, have been effected readily,
. and to the general advantage of the Treasury, and
have, at the same time, proved of signal utility in
p the relief they have incidentally afforded to the
' money market and to the industrial and commer-
ii cial pursuits of the country.
