%0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 6,
The second of the above-mentioned objects, that
of the reduction of the tariff, is of great import-
ance, and the plan suggested by the Secretary of
the Treasury, which is to reduce the duties on
certain articles, and to add to the free list many
articles now taxed, and' especially such as enter
into manufactures, and are not largely, or at all,
produced in the country, is commended to your
candid and careful consideration.
You will find in the report of the Secretary of^
the Treasury, also, abundant proof of the entire
adequacy of the present fiscal system to meet ail
the requirements of the public service, and that,
■while properly administered,it operates to thead-
vantage of the comrnunity in ordinary business
relations.
I "respectfully ask your attention to sundry sug-
' gestions of improvements in the settlement of ac-
counts, especially as regards the large sums of
outstanding arrears due to th  Government, and
of other leforms in the administrative action of
his Department, which are indicated by the Secre-
tary; as also to the progress made in the construc-
tion of marine hospitals, custom-houses, and of a
new mint in California and assay office in the city
of New York, heretofore provided for by Con-
gress; and also to the eminently successful prog-
ress of the Coast Survey, and of the Light-House
Board. ^
Among the objects meriting your attention, will
be important recommendations from the Secre-
taries of War and Navy. 1 am fully satisfied that
the Navy of the United States is not in a condition
of strength and efficiency commensurate with the
magnitude of our commercial and other interests;
and commend to your especial attention the sug-
gestions on this subject, made by the Secretary of
the Navy. I respectfully submit that the Army,
which,under our system, must always be regarded
with the highest interest, as a nucleus around which
the volunteer forces of the nation gather in the
hour of danger, requires augmentation, or modifi-
cation, to adapt it to the present extended limits
and frontier relations of the country, and the con-
dition of the Indian tribes in the interior of the
continent; the necessity of which will appear in
the communications of the Secretaries of War
and the Interior.
In the administration of the Post Office Depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853, the
gross expenditure was seven million nine hundred
and eighty-two thousand seven hundred and fifty-
six dollars; and the gross receipts during the same
period, five million nine hundred and forty-two
thousand seven hundred and thirty-four dollars;
showing that the current revenue failed to meet
the current expenses of the Department by the
sum of two million forty-two thousand and thir- i
ty-two dollars. The causes which, under the ;
present postal system and laws, led inevitably to
this result, are fully explained by the report oi" the
Postmaster Genera/; one great cause being the '
enormous rates 'he Department has been compelled
to pay for mail service rendered by railroad com-
panies.
The exhibit in the report of the Postmaster
General of the income and expenditures by mail
steamers will be found peculiarly interesting, and !
of a character to demand the immediate action of '
Congress. ,
Numerous and flagrant frauds upon the Pension j
Bureau have been brought to light within the last
year, and, in some instances, merited punishments
inflicted; but, unfortunately, in others, guilty par-
ties have escaped, not through the want of suffi-
cient evidence to warrant a conviction, but in con-
sequence of the provisions of limitation in the
existing laws.
From the nature of these claims, the remoteness
of the tribunals to pass upon thern, and the mode
in which the proof is, of necessity, furnished,
temptations to crime have been greatly stimulated
by the obvious difficulties of detection. The de-
fects in the law upon this subject are so apparent,
and so fatal to the ends of justice, that your early
action relating to it is most desirable.
Daring the last fiscal year, nine million eight
hundred and nineteen thousand four hundred and
eleven acres of the public lands have been sur-
veyed, and ten million three hundred and sixty-
three thousand eight hundred and ninety-one
acres brought into market. Within the same
period, the sales by public purchase and private
entry amounted to one million eighty-three thou-
sand four hundred and ninety-five acres; located
under military bounty land warrants, six million
one hundred and forty-two thousand three hun-
dred and sixty acres; located under other certifi-
cates, nine thousand four hundred and twenty-
seven acres; ceded to the States as swamp lands,
sixteen million six hundred and eighty-four thou-
sand two hundred and fifty-three acres; selected
for railroad and other objects, under acts of Con-
gress, one million four hundred and twenty-seven
thousand four hundred and fifty-seven acres. To-
tal amount of lands disposed of within the fiscal
year, twenty-five million three hundred and i
forty-six thousand nine hundred and ninety- |
two acres; which is an increase in quantity sold, .
and located under land warrants and grants, of |
twelve million two hundred and thirty-one thou- j
sand eight hundred and eighteen acres over
the fiscal year immediately preceding. The
quantity of land sold during the second and third j
quarters of 1852, was three hundred and thirty- ;
four thousand four hundred and fifty-one acres, j
The amount received therefor, was six hundred j
and twenty-three thousand six hundred and eighty- j
seven dollars. The quantity sold the second and i
third quarters of the year 1853, was one million 1
six hundred and nine thousand nine hundred and
nineteen acres; and the amount received therefor,
two million two hundred and twenty-six thousand
eight hundred and seventy-six dollars.
The whole number fit" land warrants issued
under existing laws, prior to the thirtieth of Sep-
tember last, was two hundred and sixty-six thou-
sand and forty-two; of which there were outstand -
ing, at that date, sixty-six thousand nine hundred
and forty-seven. The quantity of land required
to satisfy these outstanding warrants, is four mil-
lion seven hundred and seventy-eight thousand
one hundred and twenty acres.
Warrants have been issued to 30th of Septem-
ber last, under the act of 11th February, 1847,
calling for twelve million eight hundred and
seventy-nine thousand two hundred and eighty
acres; under nets of September 28, 1850, and
March 22, 1852, calling for twelve million five
hundred and five thousand three hundred and sixty
acres; making a total of twenty-five million three
hundred and eighty-four thousand six hundred
and forty acres.
It is believed that experience has verified the
wisdom and justice of the present system, with
regard to the public domain, in most essential par-
ticulars.
You will perceive, from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, that opinions, which have
often been expressed in relation to the operation
of the land system, as not being a source of rev-
enue to the Federal Treasury, were erroneous.
The net profits from the sale of the public lands to
.Tune 30,1853, amounted to the sum of fifty-three
million two hundred and eighty-nine thousand
four hundred and sixty-five dollars.
I recommend the extension of the land system
over the Territories of Utah and New Mexico,
with such modifications as their peculiarities may
require.
Regarding our public domain as chiefly valua-
ble to provide homes for the industrious and en-
terprising, 1 am not prepared to recommend any
essential change in the land system, except by
modifications m favor of the actual settler, and an
might be expected from a prudent proprietor, and
therefore, that grants of land to aid in the con-
struction of roads should be restricted to cases
where it would be for the interest of a proprietor,
under like circumstances, thus to contribute to the
construction of these works. For the practical
operation of such grants thus far, in advancing
the interests of the States in which the works are
located, and at the same time the substantial in-
terests of all the other States, by enhancing the
value and piomoting the rapid sale of the public
domain, I refer you to the report of the Secretary
of the Interior. A careful examination, however,
will show that this experience is the result of a
just discrimination, and will be far from affording
encouragement to a reckless or indiscriminate ex-
tension of the principle.
1 commend to your favorable consideration the
men of genius of our country, who, by their in-
ventions and discoveries in science and art, have
contributed largely to the improvements of the
age, without, in many instances, secui-ing for
themselves anything like an adequate reward. For
many interesting details upon this subject I refer
you to the appropriate reports, and especially
urge upon your early attention the apparently
slight, but really important modifications of exist-
ing laws therein suggested.
The liberal spirit'which has so long marked the
action of Congress in relation to the District of
Columbia will, I have no doubt, continue to be
manifested.
The erection of an asylum for the insane of the
District of Columbia, and of the Army and Navy
of the United States, has been somewhat retarded,
by the great demand for materials and labor during
the past summer; but full preparation for the re-
ception of patients, before the return of another
winter, is anticipated; and there is ihe beat reason
to believe, from the plan and contemplated arrange-
ments which have been devised, with the large
experience furnished within the last few years in
relation to the nature and treatment of the disease,
that it will prove an asylum indeed to this most
helpless and afflicted class of sufferers, and stand
as a noble monument of wisdom and mercy.
Under the acts of Congress of August 31,1652,
and of March 3, 1853, designed to secure for the
cities of Washington and Georgetown an abund-
ant supply of good and wholesome water, it
became my duty to examine the report and plans
of the engineer who had charge of the surveys
under the first act named. The best, if not the
only plan, calculated to secure permanently the
object sought, was that which contemplates taking
the water from the Great Falls of the Potomac,
and, consequently,! gave to it my approval.
For the procress and present condition of this
important work, and for its demands, so far as
appropriations are concerned, I refer you to the
report of the Secretary of War.
The present judicial system of the United States
has now been in operation for so long a period of
time, and has, in its genera] theory and much of
its details, become so familiar to the country, and
acquired so entirely the public confidence, that if
modified in any respect, it should only be in those
particulars which may adapt it to the increased
extent, population, and legal business of the United
States. In this relation, the organization of the
courts is now confessedly inadequate to the duties
extension of the preemption principle in certain j to be performed bythem: in consequence of which,
cases, for reasons, and on grounds, which will be i the States of Florida, Wisconsin, Iowa, Texas,
fullydeveloped in the reports to belaid before you. | and California, and districts of other States, are
Congress, representing the proprietors of the I in effect excluded from thefull benefits of the gen-
territoiial domain, and charged especially with
power to dispose of territory belonging to the
United States, has, for a long course of years,
beginning with the administiation of Mr. Jeffer-
son, exercised the power to constructroads within
the Territories; and there are so many and obvi- ;
ous distinctions between this exercise of power \
and that of making roads within the States, that !
the former has never been considered subject to '
such objections as apply to the latter, and such |
may now be considered the settled construction i
of the power of the Federal Government upon ,
the subject. i
Numerous applications havebeen,and no doubt j
will continue to be, made for grants of land, in 1
aid of the construction of railways. It is not j
believed to be withm the intent and meaning of [
the Constitution, that the power to dispose of the j
public domain, should be used otherwise than '
eral system, by the functions of the circuit court
being devolved on the district judges in all those
States, or parts of. States.
The spirit of the Constitution and a due regard
to justice require that all the States of the Union
should be placed on the same footing in regard
to the judicial tribunals. I therefore commend to
your consideration this important subject, which,
in my judgment, demands the speedy action of
Congress. I will present to you, if deemed de-
sirable, a plan, which I am prepared to recom-
mend, for the enlargement and modification of the
present judicial system.
The act of Congress establishing the Smith-
sonian Institution provided that the President of
the United States, and other persons therein des-
ignated, should constitute an " establishment" by
that name, and that the members should hold
stated and special meetings for the supervision of
