1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1579
ator to at least fifty letters from farmers in Mis-
souri, avowing that it has merit.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senator will allow
me to go on. He has made his remarks; I will
make mine, I am perfectly aware that there are
letters. Those letters are but opinions. There,
are opinions on both sides. There are opinions
in favor of the merits of this man in introducing
the method of manufacturing water-rotted hemp.
There are opinions very probably from fifty farm-
ers. The number may be less, they may be
more. I do not stand upon the number. They
are opinions, no doubt, of respectable men, though
personally unknown to me. They are on one
side, and what they say are but opinions.
On the other side, Mr. President, I have your
own statement of what you told me was the gen-
eral opinion in the State of Missouri, which you
discovered on your return there after having pre-
sented the claim. And, sir, the gentleman who
was formerly your colleague in this body, [Mr.
Benton,] and who, I believe, does not perfectly
accord with you in sentiment on most questions,
on this has very decided opinions. It was my
fortune, just after this case was discussed, in
walking down towards the avenue, .to fall into
conversation with him, and this subject was men-
tioned, he knowing what had been done in the
Senate. I asked him in reference to the claim.
His answer was: (t Sir, he is an impostor; he has
no merits whatever in reference to the transactions;
he is trying to take merits which belong to other
persons; he never introduced the culture of this
article into Kentucky or Missouri."
With these conflicting opinions, the idea that
occurred to my mind was, that, in order to give
me sufficient evidence to warrsftit any compensa-
tion to the party, grounded upon the great benefit
conferred upon the country, but more particularly
upon the States of Missouri and Kentucky, or any
other State which is a hemp-growing State, those
States where this division of opinion occurred, as
they are composed of a generous people, of an
intelligent people, should have furnished to us res-
olutions vindicating his title to having conferred
so gr£at a benefit upon his country.
Sir, if the fact were true, there can be no doubt
that the Legislature of Kentucky or Missouri
would have passed such a resolution. But I have
no such evidence of the general opinion of those
States; and when J find balanced opinions among
individual men as to the existence of any merit at
all on the part of the claimant, as to whether he
rendered any services at all, or whether he did not
impose himself upon the country as having ren-
dered services which were, in fact, rendered by
others, I cannot undertake to vote the money out
of the Treasury of the United States.
It is exactly in that point of view, if you go
upon the ground of benefit conferred, that the
tesfimony which I have seen puts my mmd into
a state of doubt. The claimant may or may not
have icudered services. If he did, it is in his
power to prove his case. I am perfectly satisfied
that this is so. If the case is one of undoubted
merit, as has been alleged, there can be reason as-
signed why long since the Legislatures of those
States which have had the peculiar benefit arising
from the introduction of the water-rotting of
hemp, should not have testified to the country and
to Congress their sense of the merits of the indi-
vidual who has performed that service. On these
grounds, stated very briefly, I am opposed to the
claim.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have effected in part the ob-
ject I had in view in moving the reconsideration.
It has drawn a speech from the honorable Senator
from Delaware. I can say to him I concur gen-
erally in the views he has expressed, that there is
no legal liability on the part of the United States
to pay a dollar of this money. Whatever maybe
allowed the claimant, must be allowed on the
principles of equity and justice. The Secretary
of the Navy had at no time authority to enter
into a contract with this individual. It was an
assumption on his part, that in the event the ex-
periment he proposed making, through his agent,
succeeded, the Government would remunerate
him for his labor; and that if he failed, th.ey
would, to a certain extent, remunerate him for
his losses and expenses. Legally speaking, this
individual has no claim whatever against the Gov-
ernment. It is a mere question of equity, whether
'the Uniteii States will compensate him in part for
the expenses which he incurred in making that
experiment. I have in my hand a report made at
the first session of the Twenty-Eighth Congress,
by Mr. Henderson, then a Senator from Missis-
sippi, in which he elaborates the case fully, and
winds up the report with this resolution, " that
the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be
granted;" and f find, by reference to the Journal,
that it was generally concurred in by the Senate.
I will call the attention of the Senate to the con-
cluding part of the report. He says:
"Whether the memorialist may have had some cause to
consider himself badly us>ed by the Executive Depaitment,
in the refusal to grant him an extension of his contract, or
in not properly appreciating his claims to the placcof hemp
ayent, under the resolution of Congress of January, 1843,
the committee have not been fit to inquire. They observe,
however, by a letter trom the Navv Commissioners to the
Secretary of the Navy, of date 28th January, 1842, they
state: 'Mr. Myerle hau made no deliveries under either of
his engagements wortii notice ; nor has he yet given
tiie requisite s?eeuntv for the laithful peiformance ot his
contract-' And the more recent communication of the
chairman of this committee, from the chief of the Bureau
ot Yards and Docks, expresses the opinion, as entertained
by the commissioners, that Mr. Myerle'a neglect to give
bond and security, as required in all such cases, and his
failure to deliver the hemp according to his stipulations,
lelt him without rightful claim upon the Government lor
any remuneration lor hid alleged losses."
This seems to have been the opinion, at the
time, of the chief'of the Bureau of Yards and
Docks, who had this branch of the public service
in charge, and who, it is reasonable to conclude,
knew all about the facts of the case. This report
sustains the position taken by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, in which I concur, that there
is no Legal liability whatever on the part of the
United States. Whatever we allow is a gratuity;
but, under all the circumstances, I am willing,
(so far as tke proof goes to establish the fact that
this# individual expended money) to reimburse
him. The claimant, I believe, is a citizen of Ken-
tucky or Missouri; at any rate, he is vibrating
between these two States. 1 recollect that, when
the claim was originally intr^luced, it was op-
posed by both the Senators from Missouri, fMr.
Atchison and Mr. Benton-.] It has never had
the sanction of the Legislatures of either of the
States where the claimant resided. As was prop-
erly remarked by the honorable Senator from Del-
aware, if he were a public benefactor, and if he
had conferred such general benefit on those States,
why did they neglect his interests, and not en-
force them, and commend them to the sanction
of Congress ?
Mr. President, I am willing to vote for a small
appropriation to this individual as an equitable
claim; but i cannot vote to allow him $30,000. I
do notconcur with theSenator from California,that
the unjust claims which are presented here are more
likely to pass than those which are just. That
is an illiberal view, I think, of our mode of legis-
lation. It is the duty of every Senator to scan
closely the claims which come here, privateor pub-
lic, and see that money is not improperly taken
from the public Treasury. Sir, to oppose private
claims is a very thankless office; but it is neverthe-
less a duty which prompts many of us to do that
wituch we would gladly avoid. I dislike very
much to oppose the claim. I know the appeal
which has been made from time to time to pass
it; but I feel a sense of duty incumbent on me not
to vote for the bill in its present shape. I wish to
reduce the amount; and, therefore, as the bill in
its present stage is not open to amendment, I
move to reconsider the vote by which it was or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading. My
object is to move to strike out $30,000 and insert
$15,000.
Mr. BADGER. Is that motion to reconsider
in order?
The PRESIDENT. Most assuredly.
Mr. GWfN. The vote on ordering the bill to
be engrossed was taken three or four weeks ago.
The PRESIDENT. One vote has been recon-
sidered.
Mr. BADGER. The vote that the bill pass
has been reconsidered.
Mr. PETTIT. If 1 understand my colleague,
he moves to reconsider the vote by which the bill
was engrossed, so as to get it open to amend-
ment.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senate this morning re-
considered the vote passing the bill. 1 believe,
however, it is not yet open to amendment.
The PRESIDENT. It is not, without recon-
sidering the vote by which the bill wa£ ordered to
be engrossed. The Chair is of opinion that the
vote on the passage of the bill having: been recon-
sidered, this motion of the Senator from Indiana
does not come withm the rule requiring a motion
to reconsider to be made within three days. The
motion is therefore in order.
Mr. BRIGHT." I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed, so
that my amendment may be in order. I call for
the yeas and nays on the motion.
Th^ yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken,'resulted—yeas 20, nays 18; as followe:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bayard,
Bright, Brodhcad, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Evans, Feasen-
den, Fitzpatrick, Geyer,Gillette, Haudin, Hunter, Mason,
Shdell, Stuart, and Sumner—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Dixon, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fish, Gwin, Johnson, Jones of Tennpssee,
Mallory, Norns, Pettit, Rockwell, Seward, Thompson of
Kentucky, Wade, Weller, and Williams—18.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT. The question now is
" Shall the bill be engrossed for a third reading?"
It is open to amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move to amend by striking
out " $30,000"and inserting " §15,000." On that
amendment I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GWIN. I do not intend to discuss the
matter, but I will say, that the success of the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana is equiva-
lent to the defeat of the bill, and I hope its friends
will vote against the amendment.
Mr. BRIGHT. In reply to that,I will state that
it gives $15,000, a handsome sum for nothing.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator and myself happen
to differ in regard to that matter. I think the
claimant is entitled to §30,000. If we give him
any relief, we should give him what he is entitled
to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment, resulted—yeas 20, nays 17;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Atchison, Bayard,
Bright, Chase, Clay, Clayton, Evans, Filzpatrick, Geyer,
Gillette, Hamlin, Hunter, James, Slide!!, Stuart, Simmer,
Thompson of Kentucky, and Williams—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Brown, Dixon, Dodge of
Wisconsin, Fish, Gvviu, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Jones of
Tennessee, Mallory, Norns, Pettit, Rockwell, Seward,
Wade, and Wcller—17.
So the amendment was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to be
engrossed forathird reading;and wasreadathird
time, and passed. -
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIB.
During the discussion of the bill for the relief
of David Myerle, a message w^s received from
the House of Representatives, by Mr. McKean,
Chief Clerk, announcing that the House had non-
concurred in the amendment of the Senate to the
resolution of the House in reference-to the ad-
journment of the present Congress.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will suspend
the consideration of this bill for a moment, and
take up the message from the House and act upon
it.
Mr. STUART. I object.
Mr. GWIN. Then we will pass this bill first.
Subsequently, the Senate, on motion by Mr.
Gwin, insisted on its amendment, providing for a
recess from July 17, to October 16, and asked for
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the President pro
tempore was authorized to appoint the c6mmittee
on the part of the Senate; and the Chair ap-
pointed Messrs. Gwiv, Slidell, and Jish the
committee.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. ADAMS submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Senate meet hereafter at nine o'clock,
a. rn.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. CLAY, by unanimons consent, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to constitute
Tuscumbia, in the State of Alabama, a port of
delivery; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
COLONEL JOHN ANDERSON.
Mr. STUART. I appeal tb the Senate ntfw-to
