Is53.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
the affairs of the Institution. The organization
not having taken place, it seemed to me proper
that it should be effected without delay. This has
been done; and an occasion was thereby present-
ed for inspecting the condition of the Institution,
and appreciating its successful progress thus far,
and its high promise of great and general useful-
ness.
1 have omitted to ask your favorable considera-
tion fortheestimates of works of alocal character in
twenty-seven of the thirty-one States, amounting
to one million seven hundred and fifty-four thou-
sand five hundred dollars, because, independently
of the grounds which have so often been urged
against the application of the Federal revenue for
works of this character, inequality with conse-
quent injustice is inherent in the nature of the
proposition, and because the plan has proved
entirely inadequate to the accomplishment of the
objects sought.
The subject of internal improvements, claiming
alike the interest and good will of all, has, never-
theless, been the basis of much pohtcal discussion,
and has stood as a deep graven line of division
between statesmen of eminent ability and patri-
otism. The rule of strictconstruction of all powers
delegated by the States to the General Government
has arrayed itself, from time to time, against the
rapid progress of expenditures from the National
Treasury on works of a local character within the
States. Memorable as an epoch m the history of
this subject is the message of President Jackson,
of the 27th of May, 1830, which met the system
of internal improvements in its comparative in-
fancy; but so rapid had been its growth, that the
projected appropriations in that year for works
of this character had risen to the alarming amount
of more than one hundred millions of dollars.
In that message the President admitted the dif-
ficulty of bringing back the operations of the Gov-
ernment to the construction of the Constitution set
up in 1798, and marked it as an admonitory proof
of the necessity of guarding that instrument with
sleepless vigilance against the authority of prece-
dents which had not the sanction of its most
plainly defined powers.
Our Government exists under a written com-
pact between sovereign States, uniting for specific
objects, and with specific grants to their general
agent. If, then, in the progress of its administra-
tion, there have been departures from the terms
and intent of the compact, it is, and will ever be,
proper to refer back to the fixed standard which
our fathers left us, and to make a stern effort to
conform our action to it. It would seem that the
fact of a principle having been resisted from the
first by many of the wisest and most patriotic
men of the Republic, and a policy having pro-
voked constant strife without arriving at a conclu-
sion which can be regarded as satisfactory to its
most earnest advocates, should suggest the inquiry
whether there may not be a plan likely to be
crowned by happier results. Without perceiving
any sound distinction, or intending to assert any
principle as opposed to improvements needed for
the protection of internal commerce, which does
not equally apply to improvements upon the sea-
board for the protection of foreign commerce, I
submit to you whether it may not be safely antici-
pated that, if the policy were once settled against
appropriations by the General Government for
local improvements for the benefit of commerce,
localities requiring expenditures would not, by
modes and means clearly legitimate and proper,
raise the fund necessary for such constructions as I
the safety or other interests of their commerce '
might require.
If that can be regarded as a system, which, in
the experience of more than thirty years, has at
no time so commanded the public judgment as to
give it the character of a settled policy—which,
though it has produced some works of conceded
importance, has been attended with an expendi-
ture quite disproportionate to their value,—and
has resulted in squandering large sums upon ob-
jects which have answered no valuable purpose,—
the interests of all the States require it to be aban-
doned, unless hopes may be indulged for the
future which find no warrant in the past.
With an anxious desire for the completion of
the works which are regarded by all good citizens
with sincere interest, I have deemed it my duty
to ask at your hands a deliberate reconsideration
of the question, with a hope that, animated by a
desire to promote the permanent and substantial
interests of the country, your wisdom may prove
equal to the task of devising and maturing a plan,
which, applied to this subject, may promise some-
thing better than constant strife, the suspension of
the powers of local enterprise, the exciting of vain
hopes,-and the disappointment of cherished ex-
pectations.
In expending the appropriations made by the
last Congress, several cases have arisen in relation
to works for the improvement of harbors, which
involve question as to the right of soil and juris-
diction, and have threatened conflict between the
authority of the State and General Governments.
The right to construct a breakwater, jetty, or dam,
would seem, necessarily, to carry with it the power
to protect and preserve such constructions. This
can only be effectually done by having jurisdiction
over the soil. But no clause of the Constitution
is found, on which to rest the claim of the United
States to exercise jurisdiction over the soil of a
State, except that conferred by the eighth section
of the first article of the Constitution. It is,
then, submitted, whether, in ail cases where con-
structions are to be erected by the General Govern-
ment, the right of soil should not first be obtained,
and legislative provision be made to cover all such
cases.
For the progress made in the construction of
roads within theTerritories,as provided form the
appropriations of the last Congress, I refer you
to the report of the Secretary of War.
There is one subject of a domestic nature,
which, from its intrinsic importance, and the
many interesting questions of future policy which
it involves, cannot fail to receive your early at-
tention. 1 allude to the means of communication
by which different parts of the wide expanse of
of our country are to be placed in closer con-
nection for purposes both of defense and commer-
cial intercourse, and more especially such as ap-
pertain to the communication of those great divi-
sions of the Union which lie on the opposite
sides of the Rocky Mountains.
That the Government has not been unmindful
of this heretofore, is apparent from the aid it has
afforded, through appropriations for mail facili-
ties and other purposes. But the general subject
will now present itself under aspects more impos-
ing and more purely national, by reason of the
surveys ordered by Congress, and now in the
process of completion, for communication by rail-
way across the continent, and wholly within the
limits of the United States.
The power to declare war, to raise and support
armies, to provide and maintain a navy, and to
call forth the militia to execute the laws, suppress
insurrections, and repel invasions, was conferred
upon Congress, as means to provide for the com-
mon defense, and to protect a territory and a pop-
ulation now widespread and vastly multiplied.
As incidental to and indispensable for the exercise
of this power, it must sometimes be necessary to
construct military roads and protect harbors of
refuge. To appropriations by Congress for such
objects, no sound objection can be raised. Hap-
pily for our country, its peaceful policy and rap-
idly increasing population impose upon us no
urgent necessity for preparation, and leave but
few trackless deserts between assailable points
and a patriotic people ever ready and generally
able to protect them. These necessary links, the
enterprise and energy of our people are steadily
and boldly struggling to supply. All experience
affirms that, wherever private enterprise will avail,
it is most wise for the General Government to
leave to that and individual watchfulness the loca-
tion and execution of all means of communication.
The surveys before alluded to were designed to
ascertain the most practicable and economical
route for a railroad from the river Mississippi to
the Pacific ocean. Parties are now in the field
making explorations, where previous examina-
tions had not supplied sufficient data, and where
there was the best reason to hope the object sought
might be found. The means and time being both
limited, it is not to be expected that all the accu-
rate knowledge desired will be obtained, but it is
hoped that much and important information will
be added to the stock previously possessed, and
that partial, if not full reports of the surveys or-
dered will be received, in time for transmission to
the two Houses of Congress, on or before the
first Monday in February next, as required by
the act of appropriation. The magnitude of the
enterprise contemplated has aroused, and will
doubtless continue to excite, a very general in-
terest throughout the country, its political,
its commercial, and its military bearings, it has
varied, great, and increasing claims to considera-
tion. The heavy expense, the great delay, and,
at times, fatality attending travel by either of the
Isthmus routes, have demonstrated the advantage,
which would result from interterritoriai communi-
cation by such safe and rapid means as a railroad
would supply.
These difficulties, which have been encountered
in a period of peace, would be magnified and stifi
further increased in time of war. But whilst the
embarrassments already encountered, and others
under new contingencies to be anticipated, may
serve strikingly to exhibit the importance of such
a work, neither these, nor all considerations com-
bined, can have an appreciable value, when
weighed against the obligation strictly to adhere
to the Constitution, and faithfully to execute the
powers it confers. Within this limit, and to the
extent of the interest of the Government involved,
it would seem both expedient and proper, if an
economical and practicable route shall be found,
to aid, by all constitutional means, in the con-
struction of a road which will unite, by speedy
transit, the populations of the Pacific and Atlantic
States. To guard against misconception, it should
be remarked that, although the power to construct
or aid in the construction of, a road within the
limits of a Territory is not embarrassed by that
question of jurisdiction which would arise \vithm
the limits of a State, it is nevertheless held to be
of doubtful power, and more than doubtful pro-
priety, even within the limits of a Territory, for
the General Government to undertake to admin-
ister the affairs of a railroad, a canal, or other
similar construction, and therefore that its con-
nection with a work of this character should be
incidental rather than primary. I will only add,
at present, that, fully appreciating the magnitude
of the subject, and solicitous that the Atlantic and
Pacific shores of the Republic may be bound to-
gether by inseparable ties of common interest, as
well as of common fealty and attachment to the
Union, I shall be disposed, so far as my own
action is concerned, to follow the hghts of the Con-
stitution, as expounded and illustrated by those
whose opinions and expositions constitute the
standard of my political faith in regard to the pow-
ers of the Federal Government. It is, I trust, not
necessary to say, that no grandeur of enterprise,
and no present urgent inducement promising pop-
ular favor, will lead me to disregard those lights,
or to depart from that path, which experience has
proved to be safe, and which is now radiant with
the glow of prosperity and legitimate constitu-
tional progress. We can afford to wait, but we
cannot afford to overlook the ark of our security.
It is no part of my purpose to give prominence
to any subject, which may properly be regarded
as set at rest by the deliberate judgment of the
people. But while the present is bright with
promise, and the future full of demand and in-
ducement for the exercise of active intelligence,
the past can never be without useful lessons of
admonition and instruction !f its dangers serve
not as beacons, they will evidently fail to fulfill
the object of a wise design. When the grave
shall have closed over all who are now endeavor-
ing to meet the obligations of duty, the year 1850
will be recurred to as a period filled with anxious
apprehension. A successful war had just termi-
nated. Peace brought with it a vast augmenta-
tion of territory. Disturbing questions arose,
bearing upon the domestic institutions of one por-
tion of the Confederacy, and involving the consti-
tutional rights of the States. But, notwithstand-
ing differences of opinion and sentiment, which
then existed in relation to details, and specific pro-
visions, the acquiescence of distinguished citizens,
whose devotion to the Union can never be doubt-
ed, has given renewed vigor to our institutions,
and restored a sense of repose and security to
the public mind throughout the Confederacy.
That this repose is to suffer no shock during
my official term, if I have power to avert it,
those who placed me here may be assured.
The wisdom of men, who knew what independ-
ence cost,—who had put all at stake upon the issue
of the revolutionary struggle,—disposed of the
subject to which 1 refer, in the only way consist-
