imo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
J
take up a bill which was reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims, 44 for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of the late Colonel John Anderson,"
which has been pending for a long time.
. The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury Department to examine and
adjust the claim of the legal representatives of the j
late Colonel John Anderson, of Michigan, for a
house or other'buildings destroyed by the enemy
during the last war with Great Britain, in conse-
quence of the occupancy of those buildings by the
troops of the Uniied States,and to pay the amount
found to be due; but no allowance is to be made
for personal property, and the amount paid is not
to exceed $3,000.
Mr, BAYARD. I ask/or the reading of the
report in this case, and then I wish also to have
read the antecedent report of the same committee
-of the Senate, adverse to the case.
The Secretary read the report made by the
Committee on Claims at the present session, from
which it appears that the claim has been long
before Congress, and several adverse reports have
been made upon it, on the ground that the build-
ings were not destroyed till some time after they
had ceased to be occupied by the American troops.
The property was situated at Frenchtown, on the
river Raisin, and, soon after the commencement
of the war of Jt$12, was taken possession of by
Quartermaster Reid,nnd made a depository for
military stores of the United States. In August,
the place was surrendered to the Diitish, a drum
and some muskets being left in ihe house; and it
appears to have been occupied by them until the
approach of General Winchester, when the enemy
retired, leaving the house still standing. On the
defeat of General Winchester, Colonel Anderson's
house was again occupied by the British and In-
dians; and they continued to occupy it until June,
1813, when, being compelled to evacuate the place,
they set fire to Jt and destroyed it, stating, as the
reason for doing so, that the place had been used
fpr a military depository, and as barracks for the
American troops, and that that justified their
destruction, to prevent their being so used again.
By the evidence, as formerly presented, it did
not appear that the place had been occupied by
the American troops during the time that General
Winchester's forces held the town, and after it
had been occupied by the enemy and abandoned
by them without being destroyed. But iiuppettrs
from the testimony now submitted, that it was
occupied by a portion of a company of spies and
rangers* in the American service up to the time of, ;
and during the action which resulted in the defeat j
of General Winchester. It appears to have been !
then immediately reoccupied by the enemy, who, |
after some delay, destroyed it. :
When the case was submitted to the Third j
Auditor, under the act of ]8^5, the ground of ob-
jection, as stated by him, was, that the buddings I
were not destroyed tiil some time after they had <
ceased to be occupied by the American troops. !
But it appears that the American troops did not ,
cease to occupy them until they were driven out j
by the enemy. If the enemy had proceeded to 1
destroy them at once, it would seem to be a case :
clearly within the rules heretofore recognized; and '
the committee do not perceive that their having '
delayed the destruction so long, and only so long |
as suited their own convenience, can justly exclude :
the claimants from the indeminity to which they }
would have otherwise been clearly entitled. \
Mr. BAYARD. I wish only to state, that it !
appears this claim came before the Senate of the ,
United States not on the report of a committee', ■
but on a House bill for the relief of the party, at i
the first session of the Fifteenth Congress, and j
that then it was rejected by the vote of the Senate. j
I cannot see how we can ascertain the facts, or ap- :
ply the principles of relief to those facts, as to re- |
mote transactions, any better now than the Senate i
could then. 1 think that & decision of this kind— ]
not the report of a committee, but the decision of i
the Senate itself—ought to be entitled to some :
wet^ht, particularly when 1 have often heard the [
reports of committees here spoken of as sufficient
to justify the passage of a bill. Further, 1 may
say that I think, within the last four years this
claim was again before the Senate, and an adverse
report was made on it by* 1 thfc Sens tor ;
from New Hampshire, [Mr. Norris.] I think so,
but it is not on the list, for it seems that it was
not printed. I do not pretend to go into the par-
ticular circumstances of this case; i only state
these general facts.
Mr. feiUARr. The report which has just
been read shows distinctly why the decision of
the committee, at this day, was contrary to the
decision of the Senate at a tormer period. The
committee state that additional evidence was fur-
nished to them satisfactorily to prove that the very
point upon which the Seriate rejected it before was
an error. The Senate rejected the claim on the
ground that there was no evidence to show that
the property was destroyed, because it was occu-
pied by the troops of the country; but the com-
mittee say that ttie evidence is now satisfactory to
prove that fact. That is the very point of the case.
Mr. BAYARD. I know, Mr. Piesident, that
that is the mode in which these bids are managed
here, and 1 have exposed it before. Here is a
transaction which occurred forty years ago, and
the men of that day investigated the matter imme-
diately, or shortly after the transaction occurred.
At the first session of the Fifteenth Congress, the
claim wasunderconsideration,and rtjected. No.v,
this committee can know nothing more of what
was then before the Senate, and what discussion
was then had in the Senate,'than we ourselves.
The Senate, on a vote, deliberately rejected the
claim when the transaction was recent, and when
the party had full means of presenting his claim,
and when the principles connected with this class
of claims, and the fact necessary to be proved,
were as well known as they can be now. 1
know not what is evidence in this particular case;
but 1 understand the whole of this doctrine of
44 additional evidence." It means tl\£t the party,
at a late day, comes in with some hearsay testi-
mony—for it cannot be anything else at this lapse
of tune—of some person who swears in such a
manner as to vary the facts of the case, lam not
willing to take auch evidence as counteivailing
testimony, obtairftd when the transaction was
recent.
I have not examined the facts and circumstances
of this special case, and I do not mean to do it.
i have read the former adverse report of the com-
mittee, and that satisfies me. It seems to me,
that when a claim of this character on the Gov-
ernment was made, and there was insufficient evi-
dence to sustain it at a time when the facts were
recent, and the party had ample means of know-
ing what he would be required to prove, we should
not now reopen it. The law was general, and the
tacts necessary to be proved were as well known
then as now, and i say the proof then was not
sufficient to sustain the case, and, on a formal
vote, the Senate rejected the claim. Common jus-
tice to the public requires that we should adhere
to that decision as iinal.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President, as I have a per-
sonal knowledge of many of these facts, and know
more about them, probably, than any man now
living, the Senate will excuse me if 1 make a brief
statement. 1 knew the father of these petitioners
very well, and a more true and patriotic American
never lived. In the face of a solemn capitulation
he was driven from the country by the British ihe
moment they got possession, and never returned
until he returned with the conquering American
Army. His house was a very convenient one.
It was occupied successively by the British and
by the American troops. You cannot carry the
strict principles of civilized warfare into the cir-
cumstances connected with that frontier, wheie
; the English and the Indians were fighting in coah-
! tion against the American troops. Jt is totally
! impossible. This House, as I say, whs conve-
j merit, and it was occupied by the American tioops
1 and by the British troops three or four times suc-
j cessively.
; Now, what is the simple fact of the case? The
j house was occupied by one after the other, until
| finally, m 3813, on the return of the American
; Army, the British, who then occupied it, b irned
| it. It is palpable to me, as they did not burn other
! buildings there, that they burned this house be-
; cause it had been a continued fortification, and
1 because it. had been in the continued possession of
| the British and American armies during the bos-
| tilities on the frontier. No doubt they looked upon
! it, at the time of the burning, as a building be-
longing* in fact* to th« American Government
because it had been occupied by the American
troops, and they burned it in consequence of that
occupation. That is the true state of the case.
This man was obnoxious to the British on ac-
count of his patriotism. Surely, the Senate will
not make that a reason for not paying his children;
*1 know his exertions and services; and I say h^re,
in my place, «nd no man living knows the fact
better than I do, that there never we«e a people
who, under such trials and difficulties, asserted
their attachment to the American Union more
strongly than those who lived on that frontier, m ,
the face of the overwhelming force of the English
and Indians who swept the country, and took
everything from us; yet theyjhave received almost
nothing. This is one of the very few cases that
come almost within the most stringent principles
of relief. I hope the Senate will pass the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not wish to comment on
this particular case, for I have no remarks to
make upon it, except to state that there was an
adverse report on the occasion to which I referred,
and that at an early day the bill was rejected by
the Senate. I wish to mention a fact in connec-
tion with this matter. 1 stated to the Senate,
when i opposed oneof these claims for spoliations
by the British during the war of 3812, which was
subsequently passed, that the committee of the
House of Representatives appointed for the pur-
pose of inquiring into the propriety of extending
the general laws of 1816 and J817, which provided
i for the payment of these claims, reported against
it on the ground that already, at that early day,
frauds under those acts had become so extensive
that it would be better for the general morals of
the people even to have some just cases go unpaid
than to persist in continuing those Jaws. In
looking into the testimony on which that report
was based, I found the wildest system of fraud,
on this very frontier, that has ever existed, I ven-
ture to say, in this or any other country. One
fact alone, which I will mention,goes to show
how far it extended.
A captain who had been in the regular Army
of the United States was afterward appointed a
judge of the court of common pleas in New ^Tork.
It was proved incontestibly, that he used to sign
affidavits by the ream, and let them go out to the
confederates to write over them what names they
pleased,and what statements they pleased, in or-
der to prove losses incurred bv the enemy or by
the acts of our own troops. TtSat was oneof the
general facts proved in the case. There were
many others of the same character, if any Sen-
ator will take the trouble to investigate the teeti-
mony given at that time in relation to thosefraods,
he will be satisfied that it is humanly imposible to
suppose that parties, who were not able to estab-
lish, by fair and sufficient testimony, their claims
at the time when the transactions occurred, (when
there was quite as much willingness to pay as
there can be now,) should be paid at this time,
when we have no means whatever of testing the
accuracy or the truth of the sources on which
they rest their claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his
Secretary, announcing that, on the 29th instant, he
had anpi oved and signed the following bills, which
had originated in the Senate:
An act fur the relief of James Jeffries and Jer-
emiah M. Smith;
An act for the relief of Ira Day, of Vermont;
An act to reimburse to the Common Council of
New York city expenditures made for the first
regiment of New York volunteers;
An act confirming certain land claims in Loui-
siana in the Bastrop grant;
An act to authorize the issueof registers to ves-
sels owned by the Accessory Transit Company;
An act for the relief of Prisciila Simonds;
An act for the relief of Moses Olmstead;
An act for the relief of Zadoc C. Inghram;
An act for the relief of Llewellyn Washington;
and
A joint resolution giving the consent of Con-
gress to the acceptance, by Lieutenant M. F.
Maury, of the Navy, of a,gold medal from his
U4'mly thfe Kiog bi
