1582
THE CONGRESIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
Mr. EVANS. I think it was something less
than §2,000,
Mr. BE LL. On the final settlement of the case
in 1840, it appeared that, at that late period, his
estate was only entitled to nearly $2,000 out ,of
that fund. The major part went to pay a prior lien.
Wow, the honorable Senator sa>s that General
Greene was not the surety of the Government,
and the Government is not legally responsible,
because he was only security for an Army officer,
for example, the comfnissary of purchases, or
whoever was authorized to furnish supplies to the
Army. General Greene became his surety upon
what I understand to be an indisputed fact, that
without his name the purchases could not have
been made. That is admitted.
Mr. EVANS. That is the evidence.
Mr. BELL. As the Senator suggests, that is
proved by the evidence, yet now the assumption
is, that this was no debt of the Government, and
it is upon that legal technicality that the claim for
interest is resisted.
Sir, 1 do not know whether the honorable Sen-
ator from South Carolina is acquainted with the
sacrifices which were made by General Greene;
but I understand they were very great; and the
other day, I heard great praise bestowed in this
Chamber on the liberality and generosity of South
Carolina to General Greene, in consequence of his
military services in the South. As 1 understand
the case, every cent of the bounty allowed him in
1792 was swept away to pay this surety debt to
the Government of the United States—not to the
Government directly, but to the officer of the
Government, who otherwise would not have been
able to purchase the supplies! necessary for the
support of the Army. It is true that General
Greene was not the surety of the Government,
but the surety of the proper officer of the Govern-
ment, and it is not denied that, without his becom-
ing responsible for those purchases, they could
not have been made.
Now, sir, under these circumstances, will the
Senate say that they regard this as an ordinary-
claim against the Government? When the repre-
sentatives of General Greene first presented their
claim in 1792, the Government recognized its jus-
tice, and made, as was then supposed,ample pro-
vision for its payment. It turned out, however,
that it was not sufficient. The question is, whether
you will pay interest for the sacrifices made of
General Greene's property m 1794, or whether
you will put this in the ordinary class of claims,
and say that the Government is always able to
pay its debts, and should pay no interest. That
is the issue.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I shall vote
with a great deal of pleasure for adding to the
amount mentioned in this bill the interest pro-
posed to be granted by the amendnient. For one,
sir, 1 shall not stop to inquire whether it can be
claimed upon strict technical principles, such as
would be enforced in courts of law or in courts of
equity. It is sufficient for me to know that the
original sum is an equitable dematy}; that, in my
opinion, the Government ought never to have
allowed General Greene to incur one penny of
expenditure, or sustain one penny of loss, on ac-
count of the particular responsibility which he had
assumed. This is no ordinary claim. It is a
claim for no ordinary person. Who was General
Greene, sir? WJar, sir, he was a man who ought
to be held dear tlPIhe hearts of every portion of
the American people. Coming from the extreme
northeast, and leading our armies in the most
trying and arduous period of the Revolution,
through the southern country, he has, by his ser-
vices, shed a glory upon the whole country, and
illustrated his military career with a distinction
second only to that of Washington. •
Now, sir, when this question is moved, shall
we trouble ourselves, in making full and ample
remuneration and indemnity, by inquiring about
precedents? Are we afraid that cases of this char-
acter will arise in such numbers as to bankrupt
the Treasury? Sir, we need have no fear of that
kind. When will you have again such a man as
General Greene before you, through his repre-
sentatives and children, to ask anything of this
Government? We shall not have such a man
once in a century. I hope the Senate will vote
not only the principal, but the interest; that they
will say at once, "We do not settle with him or
his children as would a Shylsek; we do not un-
dertake to insist on applying to him what may be
the rules we should apply to ordinary men who
traffic with the Government for purposes of pecu-
niary advantage or profit; but we settle with him
m a spirit of grateful liberality, to which his de-
voted patriotism and glorious services eminently
entitle him, and make up to his family, by a full
and generous indemity, all the losses which he
or they have sustained." The casestands free of
all difficulty in regard to precedent. It is by itself.
It has no parallel in the past, and it will have none
in the future. I do hope, therefore, that the Sen-
ate will add the interest to the principal sum men-
tioned in the bill; and clear the escutcheon of the
nation from the stain of leaving anything unpaid
to which this gallant chieftain, this noble patriot
and benefactor of his country, through his chil-
dren, may be supposed to have any species of
claim.
Mr. EVANS. Mr. President, I would be
among the last to depreciate, in the slightest de-
gree, the debt of gratitude which we owe to Gen-
eral Greene; but the only question here is, whether
we shall depart, in this case, from the uniform
practice upon which our legislation has proceeded ?
General Greene's representatives knew many
years ago that they Irad not got this money. They
made no effort to get it. In the mean time the
money was lying in the Treasury. This, there-
fore, so far as I can comprehend, is like all other
cases where demands exist against the Govern-
ment. I take the rule to be, (and it is that rule
upon which the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims has acted,) that a valid claim against the
Government is like a debt payable on demanded
that, until the demand is made, it does not bear
interest. Now, this debt, which was originally
about §10,000, according to the computation con:
tamed in the memorial which was presented, in-
cluding interest, amounts to $58,000. If the Sen-
ate are prepared to establish a new rule, very
well. If they are disposed to adhere to the old
one, I am willing to vote for the bill as it is.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I rise merely to
say to my friend from South Carolina, that the
proposition to pay interest in this case is not with-
out precedent. It is not two years since, in set-
tling with the heirs of De Neufi'ville, a German
merchant, who made advances to the Government
during the Revolution, we went back and paid in-
terest from the day when the money was loaned,
to the period of settlement—an interval of more
than seventy-five years. That bill passed both
Houses, and De Neuffville's heirs got the money.
The interest was nearly five times as much as the
principal. That was as much like this as two
cases can be like each other—except that General
Greene paid as our security, and the other man
advanced the money out of his own pocket.
Mr. BADGER. Will my friend allow me to
suggest another difference? General Greene was
a native, and the other was a foreigner.
Mr. BROWN. There is another difference too,
T will say to my friend from South Carolina.
When Oe NeuftVille made advances,he did so for
profit. He was a speculator on the Government,
but still it was an accommodation to our fore-
fathers to get the money, even on those terms. Yet,
seventy-five years afterwards, when three quarters
of a century had passed away, one of his heirs
in the third or fourth generation came here and
asked interest at the hands of Congress. Con-
gress passed a bill allowing it. There was scarcely
a dispute in the Senate about it; and the whole
sum, principal and interest, was paid over.
Mr. SLIDELL. Probably they did not know
interest was to be paid.
Mr. BROWN. They did know it. They first
passed a separate bill for the payment of the prin-
cipal, and then, not feeling that they had done
justice, they went to work the next year and
passed a bill allowing the interest. I know all
about it, because the claim came here from my
own State.
Now, I wish to know if we are going to deal
less justly with a native born American, who, as
has been said by the honorable Senator from North
Carolina, occupied the next most conspicuous
place in the army to General Washington him-
self? Are we going to deal less liberally with his
heirs than we have with the heirs of a foreign
German banker? I thought it was right to pay
De Neuffville's heirs, and to pay them interest.
I think it is infinitely more right to pay the heirs
of General Greene, principal and interest. I
would not even cut them off with six per cent. I
would pay them liberally. I have no idea that
there are ever going to be any more General
Greenes, though the Government should last for
two thousand years. You may have plenty of
Greens, but you will have no more Nat. Greenes.
Mr. DIXON. I was a member of thecommit-
tee that reported this bill to the Senate, and I con-
curred in reporting the bill as it stands, although
I confess I believed at the time, as I now believe,
that interest ought to be allowed for the whole
period. In assenting to the report as made, I was
influenced solely by the consideration that the
Government had not been in the habit of allowing
interest .oil such claims. 1 have considered the
matter now, and I have brought my judgment to
the conclusion, in accordance with the feelings of
my own heart, that I cannot, merely on the ground
that the Government has failed to do justice in
other cases, refuse to do justice in this case which
appeals so loudly to the sense of right of the coun-
try.
Sir, there is a bill pending in the Senate by
which it is proposed that we shall make donations
of the public lands to those who have no claims
whatever upon our bounty. By that bill we are
to give to all the persons who come from a dis-
tance, from foreign countries, quarter sections of
land, merely upon consideration that they will
settle upon them, though they have no claims
whatever on our bounty. When those who as-
sisted in achieving the independence of our coun-
try, who expended their fortunes in a cause, dear
not only to the American people, but to the
world^-makmg sacrifices such as no men, perhaps,
under any circumstances, made before-^appeal to
the Congress of the United States, or when their
heirs appeal to the Congress of the United States
to do them justice, to remunerate them for the
losses which they sustained in that great struggle
for human liberty, we turn coldly from them, and
say, we ought not to do this, because it has not
been the practice of the Government to do it< If
this Government has been in the habit of doing
wrong, if it has been in the habit of withholding
what it ought to have given, it is time that it
should change its policy; it is time that it should
act on high principles of justice. I will therefore
vote for the amendment to allow interest.
Mr. EVANS. 1 have no particular wishes
about this matter, but as one of the committee, I
have reported this bill as I have reported all others.
If, however, the Senate are prepared to establish
a different rule, I only desire to say, that I have
four or five cases which should be made to conform
to it, and in which interest ought to be allowed,
if it be allowed here.
The question being taken; upon a division there
was found to be no quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
I am desirous that the bill shall pass to-day, and
I know Senators are about the Capitol, and can
soon be brought in.
Mr. STUART. I think that if the Senator
from Tennessee will withdraw his amendment, we
can easily pass the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I will suggest to my friend
from Tennessee that persistance in his amend-
ment will only endanger, if not defeat, the passage
of the bill in the House. It will lead to discussion,
and that is enough of itself to defeat the bill m the
House.
Mr. BELL. The sum proposed to be given by
the bill as it now stands, will be a mere trifle when
distributed among all the heirs of General Greene;
but if interest be allowed, they will each get some-
thing handsome, It is a case in which what would
now be considered as a large estate, has been sac-
rificed. I do not think that in justice I can con-
sent to yield my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BADGER. ! beg leave to add a single
observation on this subject, which has been sug-
gested to my mind by the remarks of my friend
from Mississippi. It is very remarkable in the
history of this country, what discriminations we
make between our own citizens and foreigners;
and those discriminations are always made ad-
versely to our own people. My friend has pointed
to one case in which seventy-five years' interest
was allowed to a foreign banker, who advanced
moneys for purposes of profitable speculation to
the Gsvernment during the Revolution. Now,
