1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U
If there be no objection, I ask the Senate to
consider the resolution now, so as to fix a day on
which 'o elect a public printer.
Mr. BRIGHT. Let the resolution lie over.
The PRESIDENT. Objection being made, the
resolution must go over under the rules.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OF IOWA.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to furnish to the Senate a copy ot the items of expenditure
allowed at diffeient times for the survey and marking of
th<j northern boundary line of the State of Iowa, together
with any information in the pos,ses&.ion of his Department
touching the accuracy of said boundary line.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 7, 1853.
The House met pursuant to adjournment at
twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was readand approved.
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jokes, of Tennessee,
temporarily occupying the chair.) The first busi-
ness in order is the call of the States and Territo-
ries for petitions.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If there is no objection,
I would move to postpone that matter until Tues-
day next.
Mr. CHASTAIN" informed the Chair that his
colleague, the Hon. James L. Seward, of Georgia,
was now in attendance, and ready to take the cus-
tomary oath.
Mr. SEWARD then approached, and the usual
oath was administered to him by the Speaker.
Mr. HIBBARD. I propose to submit the res-
olution which I offered on yesterda}'-, relative to
the election of a public printer, which I think per-
tains to the organization of the House.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I rise to a
question of order, and it is this: The previous
question having been ordered upon a resolution
offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Florence] yesterday, relative to the election of
Chaplains to Congress, that that is the first busi-
ness in order this morning.
The SPEAKER. That resolution was adopted,
and has to £0 to the Senate before we can proceed
with the election. The Chains of the opinion that
the motion mnde by the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbard] is a privileged one,
and takes precedence, as it pertains to the organi-
zation of the l-Iouse.
Mr. HIBBARD. I now offer the resolution,
which I r-uppose the Clerk has at the desk. I ask
him to read it; and upon it I call the previous
question.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
" Resolved, That thn House do now proceed to an elec-
tion of public printer for the House ol Representatives for
the present Congress-.1'
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put.
The question then being upon the passage of
the resolution, it was taken and decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. Nominations are now in
order.
Mr. HIBBARD. I nominate for public printer,
General Robert Armstrong. Does not the rule
require that the election should be viva voce?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It does.
The House then proceeded to execute its order.
Messrs. Hibbard, Bocock, Chandler, and
Si'ephf.xs, of Georgia, were appointed tellers to
count, the votes.
The SPEAKER announced that nominations
were in order, and the following gentlemen were
nominated as candidates:
By Mr. HI BBARD.—General Robert Arm-
strong, of Washington.
By Mr. GIDDINGS.—Gamaliel Baily, of
Washington.
By Mr, PRESTON.—Joseph Gales, of Wash-
ington.
By Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. —Horace
Greeley, of New York.
By Mr. WALSH.—Beverly Tucker, of Wash-
ington.
The roll was called by the Clerk, members i
voting viva voce. The following was the result: I
Whole number of votes cast, 219; necessary to
a choice, 110; of which—
Robei t Armstrong received 126
Gales & Seaton 64
Beverh Tucker 20
Gamaliel Bailey.... 3
Gideon & Co 1
H. Greeley I
J. C. Rives l
R. H. Piior 1
Joseph Gates ...1
John T. Towers 1
The following is the vote in detail:
For Robert Armstrong.—Messrs. Aiken, \V. Allen, J. C.
Alien, At-he, D. J. Bailey, Banks, Barksdale, Barry. Belch-
er, Bis-ell, Bliss, Bocock, Breckinridge. Budges, Chamber-
lain, Chastain, Chus-man, ChurchweU, Clark, Clinginan,
Cobb, Colquitt, Ciaige, Ourniinng, Curtis, John G Davis,
Thomas J)avis, Dawson, Dean, Dent, Disney, Dowdell,
Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edg^rion, Elliott,Ellison, Faulk-
ner, .Fenton, Florence. Fuller. Gamble,Green, Greenwood,
Grow, Hamilton, Andrew J. JJarlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Wiley P. Harm*, Hayings, H«ndnckj, Henn, Hibbard,
Hillyer, Houston, Hushes, Ingeisoll, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Kidwell, Kittredge, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lindsay, Macdonald, Me-
Dougal, McMullin, MelV-iir, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, May,
Mayall, Smith Miller, Mjllson, Morrison, Murray,Nichols,
Noble, Old?, Orr, Parker, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins,
Phelps, Philips, Piatt, Richardson, Riddle, Thos. Ritchuy,
Bobbins, Rowe, Baffin, Seward. Seymour, Shannon, Shaw,
Shower, Skelton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard
H. Stanton. lies-tor L. Stevens, Stratton, Straub, Andrew
Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout,
Tail, Van-ant, Waibrid^e, Walker, Warren, John Went-
worth, Westbrook, and Hendrick B. Wright
For Gala 4* Seaton — Messrs. Abercroinbie, Ball, Ben-
son, Bugs, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chase. Cook. Corvvm,
Cox, Crocker, Cullom. Dick, Dickinson fctlieridge, Ever
hart, Ewmg, Faitey, Fiddler, Franklin, Goodi ich, Grey,
Anion Harlan, Ilaven, Ilies-t^r, Hill, Howe, Hunt. Kerr,
Knox, Liudlev, McCulloch.Matte^on,Meacham, Middle*
warth, John G. Miller, Morgan, Norton, Morde<-ai Oliver,
Parker, Pennington, Preston, Pringle, Puryear, Reedy,
Ree-e, David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Simmons, Alexander fl. Stephens, John L. Taylor, Tracy,
Upham, Flilni ft. Washhume, Israel Washburn, Tappan
Wentworth. Yates, and ZolhootiVr.
For Beverly Tarkcr—Messrs. 7'homas H. Bayly, Bovee,
Brook*, Caskie, Cutting, Eastman, lSdmundson, Goode,
Letcher, Lvon, Maui ice, Andrew Oliver, Peck, Peckhain,
Powell, Twi'i'd, WaUh, Writs Wheeler, and Witte.
For Gamaliel Bailey.—Messrs. De Witt. Giddings, and
Wade.
For Joseph Gales —Mr. Chandler.
For Horace Greely.—Lewis J). Campbell.
For John T. Towers.—Mr. Bennett,
For Gideon 4" Co.—Mr. Benton.
For John C'. Rii'cs —Mr. English.
ForR. H. Prior.—Mr. McQueen.
Before the result was announced, several gen-
tlemen whose votes had not been recorded rose
and asked to vote.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to know whether
these gentlemen were within the bar when their
names were called ?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair ) In the opinion of the Chair it
makes no difference whether they were within
the bar or not. Every member has the right to
vote.
Mr. WALSH. I desire to have this matter
understood at the beginning of the session.
The result having been announced, as given
above, the Speaker, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair,) said: Robert Armstrong having re-
ceived a majority of all the votes cast, I declare
him to be duly elected as public printer for the
Thirty-Third Congress.
REPORT ON THE FINANCES.
The SPEAKER announced that the annual re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury on the state
of the finances, was now before the House for such
dispositiuii as the House might think proper.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the
reading of the report be dispensed with, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Ways and
Means, with the documents accompanying it.
The SPEAKER. The question, then, will be
on the adoption of that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the motion also em-
brace the printing of the report:
ThejSPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. CULLOM. I believe it was decided only
yesterday, that this reference is out of order, there
being no such committee appointed.
The SPEAKER. I do not recollect that such
decision was made. The rules? of the House have
been adopted, and they provide for the appoint-
ment of committees. As to the instructions to be
given to committees so appointed, it is customary
with the House to order select committees at the
time of ordering the reference.
Mr. CULLOM. I acquiesce in the decision of
the Chair at present; but I dissented from what i
understood to be the decision yesterday.
^ The question was then put, and carried, refer-
ring the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, with the accompanying documents; to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
ACCOUNTS OF TREASURER.
The account of the Treasurer was also pre-
sented, and the following letter, accompanying it
was read:
Treasurv of the IJnites> States, >
December 7, 1853. )
To the Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker of the House ofRepre-
scntatives of the United States :
Sir : In pursuance of Jaw, I have the honor to transmit
heiewith copies of the accounts of the Treasurer of the
United ritates for the third and fourth quarters ol 1652, antf
for the first and second quarters of 1853, as adjusted by the
Accounting Officer of the Treasury Department.
SAMUEL CASEY,
Treasurer oj United States.
Mr. HOUSTON moved that the account be
laid on the table and printed.
j The motion was put and carried,
j Mr. HOUSTON. My friend from Virginia,
| in making his motion in reference to the docu-
j ments just referred to the Committee of Ways and
! Means, has omitted to provide for the printing of
j some extra copies, and I now will make that mo-
; tion. 1 desire to know, however, from the Chair,
j whether that motion is to be referred to the Com-
; mittee on Printing, as to the number of extra
; copies of the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
j to be printed ?
j The SPEAKER, in reply, read the 61st rule of
| the House, as follows:
! "61. A proposition requesting information from the
President <>i the United States, <>i directing it to be furnished
; by the head nt either of the Executive Departments, or by
■ the Postmaster General, or to print an extra number of any
j documents or other matter, excepting messages ot the Pre&-
! ident to both Houses at the; commencomen* of each session
I of Congress, and the reports and documents connected with
[ or referred to in if, shall he on the table one day for consid-
I eration, unless otherwise ordered by the unanimous c-on-
i sent of the House j and all such propositions shalrbe taken
i up for consideration in the order they were presented, im-.
i mediately after reports are called forirom select committees;
I and, when adopted, the Clerk shall cause the same to be
delivered.,y
This being a report and documents referred to
in the President's message, it i& exempted from
the rules requiring all propositions for extra copies
to go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HOUSTON. To save time.and difficulty
about this matter, I move to print the usual num-
ber of extra copies of the report, and to refer that
motion to the Committee on Printing when it shall
be raised.
The SPEAKER pro tempoie. "Will the gentle-
man from Alabama designatethe number of extra
copies ?
Air. HOUSTON. I will move to print ten
thousand extra copies for the purpose of getting a
reference of this matter to the committee, i notice
that at the first session of the last Congress, a
similar motion to print was made, and referred to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire whether
the vote of the House yesterday to print twenty
thousand extra copies of the message, with the
accompanying documents, did not include this
very document? 1 supposed that it did. If that
is the case, the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama is unnecessary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to the gentleman
from New York, that the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury does not accompany the Presi-
dent's message. The reports of all the other
heads of Depaitments accompany the message of
the President; but the Secretary of the Treasury
makes his report directly to Congress. It does
not come here m the way that the reports of the
other heads of Departments come here.
Mr. IIAVEN. I so understood it; but if that
he the case, then it does not cpme within the op-
eration of the sixty-first rule. The Chair having
decided that it came within the sixty-first tule, i
thought I must be mistaken. Still, as it is pro-
posed to refer the motion to print extra copies to
the Committee on Printing, it is unnecessary to
take up time m discussing the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will modify my motion
and fix the number at 15,000. That is the num-
ber which was named in the resolution of last
session, and X now move to refer the motion to
print.
