THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June SO.
The bill .jvas reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message'was received from the Hous* of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a joint resolution
to correct a clerical error in the act approved June
22,1854, fo authorize a "register to be issued to the
steamer El Paraguay by a new name; and
A bilUfor the relief of H.B. Rowan, of Louis-
iana.
FRANCISCO LOPE URRIZA.
On themotion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill for the relief of Francisco Lope
Urriza.
It is designed to direct the Secretary of theTreas-
ury to pay to Francisco Lope Urnza, $10,250 as
full compensation for the value of the schooner
Julia, improperly seized while lying at La Paz on
the l&h of September, 1846, by Commander S. F.
Dupont, of the United States Navy.
The bit) was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. ALLEN. Jf there is a report, I should
iike to hear it read.
Mr. WELLER There is one made by my-
self from the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The repoit was read, from which it appears
that the petitioner seeks from this Government
remuneration and indemnity for certain losses
alleged to have been sustained by him in Lower
California in 1846 and 1848, while that tenUory
was m the military possession and under the pro-
tection of the United States.
The first item is the value of the schooner
Juiia, seized by Commander S. F. Dupont, of the
Untied States Navy, while lying dismantled at La
Paz, on the 18th of September, 184(5, and .subse-
quently on the 24th of June, 1847, condemned ay
a lawful prize, and ordered to be sold by Alcalde
Walter Colton, aa judge of the United States
court of admiralty at Monterey.
Second, for ยง1,600, the value of a lot of cotton
yarn deposited in the house of Don Francisco
Palacia de Micanda, in La Paz, and destroyed by
the Mexican forces in an attack upon the town,
on the 16vh of November, 1848.,
Third, for $3>287, the amount of arrearages
alleged to be due him for puy as a retired lieuten-
ant colonel of the Mexican army, lost by his
espousing the American cause.
Fourth, for $5>000, the alleged value of the
Island San Jose, which he was compelled to aban-
don after the lestoratum of Lower California to
Mexico, under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
in regard to the first item, there is no evidence
to show that the schooner Julia had ever been en-
gaged in the service of the enemy. On the con-
trary, it is proven that she had been employed in
peaceful commerce between La Paz and Mazathin.
That while lying at La Paz, in a dismantled con-
dition, without either flag or sails, on the 18th of
September, 1846, she was seized by Commander
S. F. Dupont, of the United States Navy, used as
a tender for some months, and on the 24th of June,
1847, condemned, and ordered to be sold as a law-
ful prize, by Alcalde Colton.
It is further proved that Commodore Sioat, then
commanding the naval forces of the United States
on the Pacific coast, had, prior to the seizure, (on
the 7th of July, 1846,) issued a proclamation to the
citizens of California, in which he pledged full and
amj-le protection, both of person and property,
to such of them as should lay down their arms,
and either espouse the cause of the United States
or remain neutral in the contest. Upon the issu-
ing of that proclamation, the petitioner at once
became an active partisan in our ranks, and iden-
tified himself with our cause; and further, the
schooner Julia was, at the time of seizure, the
property of the petitioner, anu of the value of
$10,250. These facts are fully established by the
testimony of American officers, who were privy
to the transaction. Under these circumstances,
it is clear that the schooner was not properly sub-
ject to seizure. And besides, the United States
nor having established a court of admiralty at
Monterey, the decision of Alcalde Colton, con-
demning and ordering the vessel to be sold, was
wholly unauthorized and illegal. This item is
therefore allowed.
The cotton yarn for which compensation is
claimed, as shown by the evidence, was, when
destroyed, deposited in a private house not occu-
pied by our troops for military purposes at the.
tune it was burnt; nor does it appear that it had
been previously so occupied, la no case has a
claim of this character ever been allowed to our
own citizens.
As to the arrearages of pay due to the petitioner
as*a retired lieutenant colonel in the Mexican
army, and forfeited by his taking side against his
own country, upon no principle of justice or
national morality recognized by this Government
can this item be allowed.
In regard to the fourth item, without entering
into a consideration of the question how far a
naval commander m an enemy's country can, by
his proclamation, bind this Government, it is
believed that the protection promised by Commo-
dore Sloat to the citizens of California, in his
proclamation of the 7th July, 1846, referied alone
to Upper California, and therefore cannot apply
to any rights of property in the island in question,
it being an appendage of Lower California, which,
under the treaty above mentioned, still remained
as a part of Mexico. This item, therefoie, is not
allowed.
Mr. BAYARD. I mean to ask for the yeas
and nays upon the engrossment of the bill. It is
very evident to me that if the officer who seized
that vessel acted without some just cause, or if he
seized her illegally, and if the alcalde had no juris-
diction as an admiralty court, the officer was
responsible in damages for the personal injury
done to the party. If the officer, under a mistaken
impression of his duty, seized this vessel, a suit
| could have been brought against him by the party
who would have been entitled to ledress. Whether
the officer acted in good faith or not, if he had no
authority to seize the vessel, thf owner could in
that way have been remunerated. But 1 am un-
willing, as the party did not venture to make his
chum where he might have made it, to take the
expirte evidence which he brings forward on which
to base his claim upon the Government. 1 ask
for the yeas and nays upon the engrossment of
the bill.
Mr. WELLER. I think it a very hard case
that this bill should be defeated by the opposition
of the Senator from Delaware. It is very obvious
that there is not a quorum now present; and if the
yeas and nays are taken on the passage of the
bill, it must inevitably produce an adjournment
without final action upon it. I undertake to say,
that if that Senator will take the trouble to look
into the testimony in the case, he will be satisfied
that the Committee on Foreign Relations have
acted properly in reporting the"bill. There were
four different items m the claimant's account.
The Committee on Foreign Relations considered
that but one of them was a proper charge against
the Government. This vessel was seized, as we
are satisfied from the proof, without authority of
law. She was not a proper subject of which to
make a prize. She was carried to Monterey, and
there Alcaide Colton, claiming to he an 'admi-
ralty court, under the laws of the United States,
proceeded to condemn the vessel, and she was
sold. 1 think the Senator from Delaware, if he
will take the trouble to look into the testimony,
will be satisfied that the Committee on Foreign
Relations have not erred in this particular; and I
think it is due to this claimant -that, before the
Senator undertakes to reverse the action of a'com-
mitter of the Senate, he should put himself to the
trouble of investigating the case.
1 have in the report, very briefly, it is true,
recapitulated the testimony as it was produced
before the committee. The testimony was ample
that this vessel had never been used tor any war-
like purposes. She was engaged in peaceable
commerce between the ports of La Paz and Ma-
zatlan; and while lying in the former, without any
Hag to designate her national character, she was
seized by an American officer, used for a long
period as a transport vessel,and afterwards taken
to Monterey and condemned by Alcalde Colton
without any authority of law. There is a record
of the case. You will find that it is a tegular con-
demnation: " The United States court of admi-
ralty, in 1847, at the city of Monterey.'' Now, 1
need not tell the Senate that there was no United
States court of admiralty thereflaving jurisdiction
of this case, even if the vessel had been a proper
subject for prize, Therefore, the committee came
to the conclusion, under all the circumstances of
the case, (and inasmuch as it is proved by the
testimony of all the American officers that the
claimant was one of the most active and efficient
men, upon the American side during the progress
of the difficulties upon the Pacific coast; he had
at one time been taken prisoner, and his life for-
feited, and it was by a bare accident that he made
his escape from the Mexican officer after* he had .
been ordered to be shot,) that he was entitled to
that portion of his claim.
Mr. BAYARD. Before the honorable Senator
undertakes to censure me for my course, he ought
to understand the objection which 1 have made.
I say that, on the face of the report, without re-
gard to the evidence, according to my judgment of
the principle which should govern the action of
the Senate, the bill ought .to be rejected. The
principle is this: 1 have never yet heard that the
Government of the United States, or any other
Government, recognized us liability for the illegal
acts either of its naval or military officers. The
basis on which this claim must be paid is, that
Commander Dupont illegally seized the vessel of
the claimant. Now, sir, if he did it illegally, the
claimant has his remedy against him. The com-
mittee report that this admiralty court had no
jurisdiction. If u had not, then its proceedings
were wholly coram noil judice, and the Govern-
ment would not defend the officer, but the officer
would be liable to the party fur the damages done.
But who ever heard before of a Government being
liable for every illegal act of seizure committed by'
its officers? The Government reserves to itself
the discretion, when an officer, in the performance
of his functions, makes a mistake under circum-
stances in which he becomes personally liable,
and a suit is brought against him, to remunerate
the officer; but L know of no case in which it
interposes to lelieve the claimant. If the claim-
ant hay been injured, he has his right of suit
against the individual who did the illegal act.
That is the ground on which I oppose this bill,
without going into the facts at all. The allegation
on which the report is founded is, that the vessel,
which was the property of the party, was illegally
seized by Commander Dupont, and confiscated by
a pretended admiralty court. If these proceed-
ings were all illegal, the parties who performed
them were unquestionably personally liable in an
action or suit at law to the claimant. Why does
he not press it? If a recovery was had against the
officer of the United States, and he could show
that the act was committed under the emergencies
of war, and by a mistaken opinion of his duty, it
would be a question for us whether we should re-
lieve him; but 1 deny the right of the claimant to
claim payment from us on any principles of which
1 know, according to the facts stated by the com-
mittee themselves. 1 cannot perceive what the
subsequent part which the man took in the strug-
gle in California has to do with the question,
though 1 confess such things are very often thrown
in here.
And further, sir, in judging of the case I judge
of it as I should of a case in private life. Sena-
tors are fond of making an appeal to the analogies
between the transactions of individuals with the
Government, and transactions between individuals
and individuals. In judging of transactions be-
tween individuals, if one person were to present
against* another four claims three of which were
so palpably baseless^and void, if I may say so,
of all pretensions to a claim as those which the
committee have rejected, what would be the in-
ference in regard to a party who could be so
biased by his interest, anc have so little regard
for justice, as to present claims which, on a bare
inspection, would be rejected? Surely it would
not enhance the character of the other claim.
It is, however, sir, on principle that I object to the
bill. 1 am willing to take the report of the com-
mittee; it is unnecessary to investigate the facts.
1 say that 1 know of no principle on which to jus-
tify the allowance of this claim. The case of
Colonel Mitchell, which occurred here some time
ago, is one which illustrates what I have already
said. The Government, after a recovery was
had against its officer, interposed to save that of-
ficer; whether rightly, in tnat case, is not the
question. That is the ground which it took. The
basis of the allegation here, that the aeton the part
of the officer of tfee United States was illegal,.can
