16
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 7.
'"The'question w&M then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
. So the motion to print extra copies was referred
to the'Ccmnjittee on Priming.
SPEAKER'S MESSENGER.
Mr. OLDS.' I'offer the following resolution:
- Resolved, Tbat of the number of messengers now allowed
by the House, the Speaker be authorized to appoint one to
be known as the Speaker's messenger, and that lie be
allowed tile same compensation as the chiet messenger in
the office of the Secretary of the Senate. '■
I will say but a single word-in reference to that
resolution. The President of the Senate, I am
informed, not only has a messenger and a page,
bytis alsb allowed a clerk, while the Speaker of
the House of Representatives, having far more
business to transact than the President of the
Senate, has neither of these allowed to him—
neither a clerk, a messenger, nor a page.
" Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the gentleman from
Ohio what compensation he proposes to give this
messenger?
Mr. OLDS. Four dollars a day is the com-
pensation allowed, it must be obvious to eveiy
gentleman that it is necessary that the Speaker
should have a messenger, who should be under his
control, and he appointed by him. The resolution
does not increase the number of messengers, it
only takes one of those now allowed to the House,
and gwes the Speaker the appointment of and con-
trol over htm. 1 ask the previous question on the
resolution ?
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I believe that the
resolution is now before the House, and now
open to amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to amend, by providing
that this House shall hereafter elect its own
Librarian.
[Cries of "No!" "No!" "No!"]
Mr BUN HAM. If the resolution gives rise
to debate does it not go over till to-morrow ?
The SPEAKER. No; it was introduced by
unanimous consent, pending the call for petitions.
Mr. BAYLY. In making the amendment I
have, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say only a word
or two. Heretofore, I understand, that the Libra-
rian of the House has been an appointee by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives. In my
opinion the duties of Librarian have no connection
with the Cleik whatever. They would appertain
quite as well to the office of Postmaster, as to the
Clerkship. The truth is, it belongs to neither.
We have already a very large collection of docu-
ments in the Library of the House; and if there
beany officer who ought to be directly under
our control more than another, it seems to |
me it would be the Libiarian. He is th  man I
who has to look up the documents for members, !
and such of them as take any active part in the j
business of the House have constantly occasion \
for those documents, and, of course, constant in- |
tercourse with that officer. We are the beat judges
of the man fit for the place. We are the persons
who ought to have the direct, not the indirect, I
control of him If we have a bad Librarian, as the !
law now stands, you can only reach him through ]
tile Cferk, which, to me, is a rather circuitous
process. If he be elected by this House, as the
Doorkeeper, Postmaster, and Clerk are, he will
then be under our direct control, and if he neglect j
his duties, if he be found unequal to his trusF, by
resolution of this House we can turn him out.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order. The
amendment is not germam to the original resolu-
tion, and, there/ore, not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the point is well taken, and decides that the
amend mentis not in order to the original resolution.
Mr. ORG.. I have no objection to the resolution
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] provided
that he will specify a particular sum that the mes- !
senger shall receive. The ISlue Book is not here,
and Ido not know what is the amount of the salary
of the messenger of the Secretary of the Senate. 1
We may be voting this messenger $1,500 per an- ;[
num. 1 move to amend the resolution offered by |
fixing the compensation at four dollars per day. j1
Mr. OLDS. I am willing to accept the gentle-
man's modification. J
Mr. DEAN. I think that the House now un- 11
aerstands this matter, and for the purpose of I-'
i bringing it to a vote, I call for the previous ques-
| tion.
j Mr. OLDS. With the gentleman's permission,
j I move to strike out so' much of my resolution as
| says, " is allowed to the messenger of the Secre-
| tary of the-Senate," and insert therefor the words,
; " a compensation not exceeding four dollars per
i day." It is the same compensation that is al-
; lowed clerks for committees.
j Mr. DEAN. I now renew the call for the pre-
! vious question.
! Mr. BRIDGES. Will the gentleman with-
! draw his call for one moment?
; Mr. DEAN. I will, if the gentleman will re-
! new it.
| Mr. BRIDGES. I will renew the call for the
' previous question. I understand the object the
gentleman from Virginia has in view 
' The SPEAKER. The Chair would inform the
Mr. BAYLY. I do not wish to embarrass my
! friend from Illinois; but we all know the difficulty
! of transacting business is doing things out of order,
i I am not making a point upon him particularly,
I but I would select him, because he is my friend)
| and an old member.
i Mr. RICHARDSON. I regret that the
I tleman has made a point upon me. I think the
| right place to make a point of order is where the
| wrong begins.
; Mr. BAYLY. I will withdraw my point of
I order for the present.
1 Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, presented the
; petition of the heirs of Philip R. Rice, prayin°*
! for the payment of a vessel impressed mto the
I service of the Colonies during the revolutionary
war, and which was lost.
i Mr. EWJNG. I wish to present the resolu-
tion which I oifered yesterday, with a view to
: gentleman that the matter to which he refers has ij have it referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
- been ruled ont of order. j; Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object.
Mr. BRIDGES. I did not understand the
matter. If that is so, I renew the call for thepre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was oidered to be put.
The main question being upon the adoption of
the resolution, the House were divided, and there
were 107 voting in the affirmative, and 16 in the
negative.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This is an import-
ant question, and I call for the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, one-fifth
of the House not voting in favor thereof.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. OLDS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution just adopted was past, and
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
CHAPLAIN.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it not now in order to
execute the order of the House made on yester-
day upon a resolution I then offeied in relation to
the election of Chaplain?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order until the House is informed whether or
not the Senate have acted upon the resolution,
and what disposition they have made of it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Has not that information
been given ?
The SPEAKER. It has not; and the custom
is, where the two Houses agree to elect two Chap-
lains, that the Senate elect one first, and then in-
form the House of the person they have elected.
Mr. FLORENCE. I heard this morning that
the Senate have elected a Chaplain, and I pre-
sumed, if such was the case, that this information
had been communicated to the House.
The SPEAKER. The House has no informa-
tion from ihe Senate upon the subject.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, gave notice of his in-
tention to introduce a bill authorizing the sur-
render to the State of Indiana certain bonds of
said State held by the United States, amounting:
to $210,000. &
Also, a bill for the relief of Moses Petit, of In-
diana.
Also, a hill surrendering to the State of Iowa
$210,000 of the bonds of said State, held by the
General Government.
Mr. MAXWELL. I give notice that on to-
; morrow, or some subsequent day, I shall ask leave
; to introduce a bill to indemnify the State of Flor-
j ida for expenses in protecting her frontier citizens
I against the Seminole Indians. !
i Also, a bill to grant to the State of Florida alter- i
I nate sections of the public lands, for a railroad !
i between the waters of the Atlantic and Gulf of |
j Mexico. i
i Also, a bill to grant to the States of Florida and '
Alabama alternate sections of public lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad from Alosiltfom-
ery, Alabama, to Pensacola, Florida.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to give notice,
, that I shall ask leave to introduce to morrow, or
Mr. PHILIPS s^ave notice that on to-morrow,
or some subsequent day, he would ask leave to
introduce a bill to grant alternate sections of the
public land lo aid in the construction of a railroad
from Mobile to New Orleans.
On motion by Mr. LETCHER, it was
Ordered, That leave lie gianted to withdraw from Hie
ot tilt! House tile papers mtiie case ot jlainel .Meenrod,
of Viryirna.
Mr. HIESTER presented the petition of citi-
zens of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, for the
establishment of a certain mail route in that ooon-
; ty; which was referred to the Committee on the
j Post Office and Post Roads, when raised.
' Mr. DICK presented the petition of citizens of
| the city of Erie, Pennsylvania, for the est-JjIish-
i merit of a United States court in that city.
I Mr. DICK said: It will be apparent to every
j memher of the House that, m view of the srer-it
and increasing maritime operations on our northern
lakes, the establishment of such a court will be of
great importance to the citizens of the State I
j have the honor to represent, this being; the only
port in the State of Pennsylvania upon those
waters, and there being- no other port within one
' hundred and thirty miles of that point. I there-
| fore present this petition, and ask that it may be
1 referred to the proper committee, when raised.
The order was accordingly entered.
On motion by Mr. R0BE1NS, it was
Ordered, That leave lie "ranted to withdraw from the
files ot the lloihe (be p.ippr& iti the ea>e of Ev e MilU, and
that the home be referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, when appointed.
On motion by Mr. CHANDLER, it was
0)(7e><v7, That leave be granted to withdraw from the files
: of the House the papers m the ea-e of Caprajn Lnvrtcire,
: ai'd that nie same be referred to the Committee ou .Naval
i AlTrtirt, when toinied.
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of one
] hundred and eight citizens of Washington county,
j Pennsylvania, asking a grant of one hundred and
i sixty acres of the public land to the soldiers of the
( war of 1812, without regard to rank or duration of
, service: which was referred to the proper commit-
i tee, when formed.
; Mr. LYON presented the petition of Pamela
1 Brown, widow of the late Major General Jacob
Brown, deceased5 for a half-pay pension; winch
was retened to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, when formed.
Mr. L. also gave notice that on to-morrow, or
some subsequent day, he would ask leave to in-
troduce a bill for the establishment of a National
Agricultural College and Expeiimental Farm.
Mr. LATHAM g;ave notice that on to-m  rrow,
or some subsequent djy, he would introduce a bill
granting: certain privileges to the Trustees of the
University of the Pacific, situated m the county
of Santa Clara, State c f California.
Mr. WALBRIDGE presenter! the petition of
mercnants and others, citizens of New Yo?k, for
the establishment of American mail facilities be-
tween the Windward West indies and the Spanish
Main; which was referred to the Committee on
on some subsequent day, a bill making the city of Commerce, when formed.
aM-"CU4ivr"'v ' "/,?•' ofde,iraT- i' ~Mr- HUGHES presented the petition of R. H.
Mi.BAVLY.of Virginia. I rise to a question l> p'att, asking that lie may be placed on the pen-
ot order. Is it in order, under a call upon States ! 8'™ roll, the same as others in similar cases;
T'sonlrpD6 Vll,s! |i ¥fh'ch Was refWreii to Committee on Invalid
i ne oi 1 he ^(,hair thinks it is not j: tensions, when formed.
fM nloticM0nfehilkThe CaU iEforPetltions and not |j Mr. DG WITT presented the petition of John
h A. Fnnk, for commutation pay and bounty land;
