THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JULY 5, 1854.
New Series No. 100.
be supported before this body in no proper mode,
except by showing that a suit has been recovered
against the officer. That is my view of the ques-
tion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr BAYARD. Then 1 suppose I can get a
division.
The question was put; and, on a division, there
was not a quorum voting.
Mr. STUART. That disposes of the question
to-day. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up and pass another bill.
Mr. STUART. I am willing to withdraw my
motion, if we can get a quorum.
Mr. SLIDELL. ff there be the least objection
to my bill, I shall be willing to let it go over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Abams.)
The bill which is now before the Senate must be
disposed of before another can be taken up.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone it until
to-morrow.
Mr. BRODI1EAD. Let it be postponed by
unanimous consent.
, Mr. WELLER. I do not wish to interpose
any objection 
Mr. BAYARD. Can the Senate proceed with
business without a quorum?
Mr. WELLER. I believe I have the floor,
and 1 trust the Senator will allow me to proceed.
I desire to say that I have, of course, no disposi-
tion to obstruct the business of the Senate. A
number of my friends around me are anxious to
get up other bills; but, at the same time, I do not
very much like to be compelled to yield to the
Senator from Delaware, when I sm satisfied that
his opposition is groundless:
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from California that it ap-
pears there is not a quorum present. No business
can be done until a quorum be in attendance. The
bill is still before the Senate, and no other busi-
ness can be transacted until it be disposed of.
_ Mr. WELLER. 1 move that its further con-
sideration be postponed until to-morrow. I shall
then endeavor to press it, notwithstanding the op-
position of the Senator from Delaware.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
WILLIAM H. AND'ROBERT HENDERSON.
The bill to confirm the claim of Wiiliam H.
Henderson and the heirs of Robert Henderson to
five hundred acres of land in the Bastrop grant,
was read a second time; and, on motion by Mr.
Slidell, the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to its consideration.
It proposes to confirm to W. H. Henderson
and the heirs of Robert Henderson, of the parish
of Morehouse, Louisiana, their claim to five hun-
dred acres of land, in the prairie of Jefferson, on
which the heirs reside, as represented in the re-
port of the register and receiver of the land office
at Monroe, in their report of July 30, 1852, and
to direct that a patent issue to them after a legal
survey, duly returned; buWihe act is to be con-
strued only as a relinquishment of title on the part
of the United States,and is not to affect the claims
of other persons, if there be any.
The petitioners claimed five hundred acres of
land in the Bastrop grant, in Louisiana, under the
provisions of the act of the 3d of March, 1851,
for the adjustment of land claims in that grant,
and presented their claim to the board of commis-
sioners provided for by that act. It was not rec-
ommended for confirmation, because it did not
come strictly within the provisions of the act from
which they derived their powers. It is No. 7 of
the first class of claims in their report, and is sub-
mitted to the further consideration of Congress,
because, while, under the principles of the law,
they were forced to report against the case, justice
required that they should recommend it to the in- !
dulgence of the Government, the claimants having '
purchased in good faith, and for a. bona fide con- j
^deration. t
The petitioners, and the persons under whom !
they claim, had remained m qmH and uninter- I
100
Mr
| rupted possession of the land for seventeen years
t —only three years less than the time required by
| the act of 1851. The fact that the chain of title
i to them is not complete, is not material to the Gov-
ernment; for the only question is, ought it to be
I confirmed to the claimants, whoever they may be?
The petitioners have had possession long enough to
hold it by preemption against individuals, and the
bill is so framed as to amount to a relinquishment
| of title only on the part of the Government; so
| that, if any other claimants have a better title to
I it^ it will not be prejudiced by the confirmation,
; but, on the contrary, it would inure to their benefit,
j The bill was reported to the Senate without
| amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
SALE OP RESERVED LANDS.
MALLORY. I find upon the general
orders, a bill which is not a private bill, but which
will not occupy the attention of the Senate for
more than a minute. It is a bill to " authorize the ]
sale of reserved lands, and for other purposes, "and \
is of great interest to ray State. I am confident •
there will be no dispute about it: 1 therefore ask ]
the unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
it now. '
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a second time, and the Senate, as in Committee i
of the Whole, proceeded to its consideration. ;
It had beeh reported from the Committee on !
Military Affairs with an amendment, which the j
| Secretary commenced to read: but he was inter-
rupted by :
Mr. WADE. I believe that is not a private
bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I stated that it was not, and i
therefore asked that it might be taken up by gen- i
eral consent. It will not take a minute to dispose ;
of it It has been prepared at" the Department.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It was taken I.
up by unanimous consent.
Mr. BAYARD. It is well known that there is i
not a quorum present. I shall call for the yeas !
and nays on the bill.
Mr. CHASE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Feidat, June 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer ,
by Rev. Henry Slicer..
TheJournalofyesterday was readand approved.
UNITED STATES ARMORIES.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer, from the select com-
mittee on the superintendency of the armories, the ;
following resolution:
Resolved, That the select committee, to whom wa- re-
ferred the consideration of the change in the superintend-
ing of the national armories, be authorized to visit Spring-
field, m Massachusetts, and Harperrs Ferry, m Virginia,
for the purpose of making such further examination' into
the subject-matter of their inquiries as will enaUe them to
furnish Congress with the fullest possible information be-
fore their final action in the premises.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object.
Mr. DICKINSON. I ask the consent of the
House to say a single word upon this subject.
There was no objection, and
Mr. DICKINSON proceeded: This is the first ;
time I have had occasion to ask a favor of the
House, and I will occupy but a moment of its n
time under the circumstances. I shall be com- J
pelled to leave the city for a few days, and I feel >
compelled to appeal to the House to grant the re- ,
quest contained in that resolution.
The select committee of which 1 :-.m a member
have already had the subject under consideration i
for several months. They have been m session .
from two to five days in a week, for the purpose \
of examining the questions which have been re- .
ferred to them in connection with the superintend-
ence of the national armories-—whether superin- I
tendents should be appointed from the Ordnance !
Corps, or whether they should be appointed from 1
the citizens of the United States generally. We
have had a large mass of testimony before us,
written and verbal; and we have had contra-
dictory testimony; we have had the reports of the
commissioners appointed by the President of the
United States, and who spent some three months
in making examinatfons and taking testimony at
Springfield and Harper's Ferry last year. But
we have had such a mass of contradictory evi-
dence that it has for a long time been my view,
and I have proposed it to the committee time and
time again that we should visit the establishment
ourselves, for the purpose of satisfying ourselves
from our own observation; but I have not been
able until now to obtain the assent of the majority
of the committee.
Oft a recent visit to Massachusetts, I spent twe
half days at the armory at Springfield in prakmg
inquiries into the state of things there; and I found
that 1 was able to obtain more information, such
as was necessary to base our action upon, in that
time, than fronfi all the time I had spent here in
committee; and I believe the committee would
ascertain more reliable information, as to the real
state of the case, by a personal examination, than
they have been able to do in the three months
which they have already spent here in its investi-
gation .
This is a matter of much importance to the
country. It is a matter of which 1 care nothing
about personally: but it is of so much importance
to the country at large, that I think the select
committee should be authorized to visit the armo-
ries personally, by which they will be able to ob-
tain reliable information upon which to base their
action. I offer the resolution which has been read;
and if there be no objection, I will move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I look upon this whole
controversy as a Buncombe humbug, and this as
a proposition to authorize the members of the select
committee to absent themselves from the House.
I object.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the indulgence of
the House to make a single statement upon this
subject.
Mr. CRA1GE. The gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Kf.itt, ] who made an adverse re-
port upon this subject, is not now in his seat, and
I therefore object.
CORRECTION OF AN ERROR,
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce " a joint resolution to correct
a clerical error in an act approved June 22, 1854,
to authorize a register to be issued to the steamer
El Paraguay by a new name."
There was no objection: and the joint resolution
was read,a fiist and second time by its title.
It provides that for the word " Joy,"in the Mi!
of 23d June, shall be substituted the word " Ivy."
The joint resolution was then ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was read a third time, and passed.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
previous notice having been given, introduced a
bill; which was read a first and second timebyi'n
title, as follows, and referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads:
A bill to establish a post route from Citronelle,
Alabama, to Columbus, Mississippi.
Mr FAULKNER. I move, by unanimous
consent, this being private bill day, that commit-
tees be called for reports m reference to private
business.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the disposition of the private bills on the Speak-
er's table: but the Clerk informs the Chair that
there are none there. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia moves that committees be called for reports
on private cases. Is there objection?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes. sir; I object.
Mr. STANTON, o!'Tennessee, i gave notice
of a bill some time since, which 1 wish to intro-
duce now, that it may be referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWAR D. At the request of several gen-
