1588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 30,
A bill for the relief of Joseph Webb; ;
A bill for the relief of John Steen; ;
A bill for the relief of George Elliott; |
A bill for the relief nf Mary Rutherford; and ; j
A bill for the relief of Warren Raymond. !
On motion by Mr.ORR.it was i
Ordered, Til,it the Committeoon Indian AtTiirs be dis- ■
charged from the further consideration of the petition and ]
papers of j. Rutherford Wooster, and that the same be laid 1
npon the table.
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 move that the House ;
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole House j
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 desire to suggest, that if' j
the House decline to go into a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, we can ;j
resolve ourselves into a Committee of the Whole ;|
on the state of the Union, and dispose of the civil :!
and diplomatic, appropriation bill.
The question was then taken on Mr. Green- '
wood's motion: and it was agreed to. !
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Walley in the chair.)
R. W. MEADE.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was t
last in session on the Private Calendar, bill No.
58, entitled " A bill for settling the claims of the [
legal representatives of Richard W. Meade, de- !
ceased," was informally passed over. The Chair
supposes that it is to be now the first matter for j
consideration. The gentleman from Pennsylvania •
[Mr. Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. THURSTON. I hope my friend from
Pennsylvania will give way, ab he did thv other
day, and let this bill go over till the next private '
bill day. '
Mr. CHANDLER. If my friend from Rhode 1
Island has a case that he wants to bring forward j
I will withhold my own bill for another day. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I prefer tu take i
the Calendar as it comes, and dispose of the cases
as we go. .
Mr. HILLYER. The business first in order 1
last Friday, when we were in committee on the
Private Calendar, was a different hill from this. 1
hope the committee will take up the Calendar ,
where they left off last Friday. 1
The CHAIRMAN. That would be true, if
this were objection day; but as it is not, we are
brought back to the commencement, of the Calen-
dar. The gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
objects to passing over informally the first bill,
therefore it must be considered now. Debate is
closed on this bill by order of the House, but it is
open for amendment under the five-minute rule.
The gentleman who reported the bill is, under the
rules of the House, entitled to speak for on hour
in support of it.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I suppose that
if the gentleman is not ready to go on with this
bill now, his object can be attained by moving to
lay it aside.
Mr. IIIESTER. I hope the House will allow
the bill of my colleague to go over. The genile-
man complains that he is not well, and therefore
does not like to take it up at this time. I trust the
House will extend that courtesy to him.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise the ques-
tion of order that the committee have no right to
pass it over. There is a special rule which ap-
plies to the Committee of the Whole on the suite
of the Union, authorizing the committee to pass
over one bill and take up the next bill, sml to pass
that over and take up the next, and so on until
they reach one which theyGre ready to pass upon.
But there is no such rule that applies to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House. I am willing thet
the bill should be reported to the House, with a
recommendation that it do nut pass.
The CHAIRMAN. It is the opinion of (he
Chair that the J35th rule aDpiies exclusively to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and consequently there is no rule which
permits it to be psssfd over, except by unanimous
consent.
Mr, HIESTER. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee oqjec; when my lolle&gue tells him he
is in ill health 5
Mr. JONES. I want to dispose of the hill.
Mr. CHANDLER I believe the report in this
case has never been read, and I desire to have it
read now. It is an interesting document—although
I had the honor to draw it up myself—of seventy-
one and a half pages; and for the edification of the
House, and of the gentlemen who are earnest in
this case, I desire to have it read before I enter
upon the remarks I wish to make. [Laughter.]
I have prepared eome remarks, and in order that
j the House may be enlightened upon the subject,
they should first hear read the report. It is a re-
| port prepared from a basket full of dusky memo-
| rials brought from Spain, derived from different
i languages, and it cannot fail to edify the House.
| 1 therefore call for the reading of the report,
l Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want all the doc-
uments read.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the report.
Mr. HOWE, (interrupting.) I hardly tnink
that my colleague is serious in desiring to have
this report read; jmd I move that the further read-
ing be dispensed with.
j Mr. CHANDLER. You cannot dispense with
I it, and 1 want it read.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The majority can
; dispense with it.
j The Clerk resumed the reading of the report.
I Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, (interrupting.) 1
. would inquire of the Chair if it is in order to move
; to dispense with the reading of the report? If it is,
| I make that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
report must be read, unless it is dispensed with by
unanimous consent. If any gentleman insists upon
having it read, it must be read.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the bill be laid
aside, and reported to ihe House.
Mr. CHANDLER. You cannot make that
motion. I have the iloor, and I desire the reading
of the report as a part of my speech.
The Clerk again resumed the reading of the
report.
Mr. MILLION. My impression is, that the
report has already been read.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1* has never been read.
Mr. MILLSON. My recollection is, that it
was read some months ago.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that it has not been read at length at all. Some
extracts, however, were read upon the occasion
to which the gentleman refers. The Chair decides
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has a right
to have the report read as a part of his speech,
but not otherwise, except by the unanimous con-
sent of the committee.
Mr. BRIDGES. 1 would suggest to my hon-
orable colleague from Pennsylvania, that.he have
the letter of John Ciuincy Adams to Mr. Salmon
rend. It occupies only thirteen pages, and
would suggest that it may not he necessary to
r_'ful the whole report. That comprises a pretty
full statement of the case, and I think, if read
alone, it will of itself settle the question that this
is a most unjust claim, and never ought to be
passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should be sorry to cur-
tail the committee in the gratification which I
know they will derive, and the instruction that
will be afforded by the reading of ihe whole report.
[Laughter.] I ask the Chair whether he consid-
'j ers the decision which he has made, that it is not
-j in order to move to lay aside this bill, as defini-
i| tive>
' The CHAIRMAN. The debate has been
,i closed upon the pending bill, by order of the
| House, and it is not. in order lo take up any other
j biii.
Mr. CHANDLER- And does the Chair de-
I cide thfji 1 have not the right to h.ivc th.^ report
! read ?
! The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
I tiie gentleman has the right to have report
i read as a iiari of his speech, and in no other waj'.
! Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, I ank that
j the 135th mlc rr.ay be rend, and then I shall appeal
I from the decision of ihe Chair ruling that it is not
: in order to move "o lay aside the bib and take up
' another.
| The CHAIRMAN. The Ch/yr hse already
j stated that the 135th rule only applies to the Com-
: niitt^e of the Whole on the state of theUnum
i Mr. STANTON. It then doee not apply to
1 -his: committee, and, therefore, there is no rule to
i prevent us from laving aside any bill,
j Mr. JONES, of Tenn??see. Th^1 rule requires
; that fh* bills shall b^ taken up in th^ir regular
i ort?*r
The 135th rule was then read, as follows:
" In the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in^thetr order 011
the Calendar; but when objection is made to the consider-
ation of a bill, a majority of the committee shall decide
without debate, \Vhether it shall be taken up and disposed
of, or laid on the table, provided that general appropria-
tion bills, and in time of War, tytls forraisingmen or money,
and bills concerning a treaty of peace, s-hall tie preferred to
all other bills, at the discretion of the committee, and when
demanded bj any member, the question shall first be put
in regardto them."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. The rale
which has just been read is the one referring to
proceedings in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. I now ask for the reading
of the rule which applies to the proceedings in
a Committee of the Whole House, and which
directs that business shall be taken up in regular
order as it stands on the Calendar, and that it
cannot be set aside by a majority vote.
The CHAIRMAN. What rule does the gert-
tleman refer to ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know that there is
such a rule.
Mr. COBB. There is no such rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The resolution closing
debate is in these words:
ResolveJ, That all debate in the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, on the'bill for settling the
claims of ihe legal representatives'of Richard W. Meade,
deceased, shall cease at o'clock, on —■ (if the
committee shall not sooner come to a conclusion upon the
same;) ami the committee shall then proceed to vote on
such amendments as may be pending, or offered to the
same, and shall then report it tn the House, with such
amendments as may have been agreed to by the committee.
The Chair knows of no way in which the com-
mittee can proceed, other than that prescribed by
the resolution of the House, under which the
committee is acting.
Mr. STANTON. That order of the House
relates to general debate. General debate has
ceased. We do not propose to have any more
debate. We desire to postpone one bill and to
take up another.
The CHAIRMAN. What authority is there
for the committee to postpone this bill ?
Mr. STANTON. There is nd rule forbidding
it. The resolution does not forbid it. .
Mr. WALSH. Inasmuch as this is the only
possible opportunity by which the contents of this
invaluable document can become known to a dozen
persons, I hope the reading will go on without
further interruption. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a point of order.
My colleague, under the rules, has the privilege
of addressing the committee one hour. Instead
of making a speech, he asks the reading of the
committee's report, and 1 think he has the right
to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has already
sustained that point of order.
Mr. STANTON. I take an appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky moves to lay this bill aside. The Chair
decides that the motion is not in order under the
rules. From that decision the gentleman from
Kentucky take^an appeal. The question now is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
The question was taken,and the decision of the
Chair was sustainefl.
Mr. ./ONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania says that he is indisposed, and
unable to proceed with his argument to-day. That
being so, I withdraw ray objection to the bill being
passed over.
Mr. WALSH. I renew the objection,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky I more that
the committee do now rise.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the motion that the commit-
tee do now rise?
Mr. CHANDLER With pleasure.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I wish to
make an inquiry before I vote. Do I understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to say that he
ia indisposed,and unable to procced with his argu-
ment to-day.'
Mr! CHANDLER Yes, sir.
Mr. STEPHENS. I hope, then, by unani-
mous consent, the bill may be parsed over for the
present. I" the pentleman is unable to proceed
with his argumsnt* —
