20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 8,
become a labor of love to some of her sons to
write the story of its founders and sages. It will
be told in our own political history by whoever
may portray the stirring and eventful scenes in
which he acted a prominent and useful part. It
will be told, too,and perhaps heard, with most in-
terest in the traditions of a family of which he
was the ornament and pride.
Mr. President, those to whom our people have
been long accustomed to look in times of difficulty
and emergency for counsel and opinion, are fall-
ing fast around us. It is an anxious thing to feel
their loss at a period like this, pregnant with
change, and teeming, perhaps, with great and
strange events. The men'we cannot recall; but
let us preserve their memories; let us study their
teachings, and it will be well if, in many respects,
•we shall follow their examples.
1 offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That from respect to the late William ft.
King, Vice President of the United States, and President
of the Senate, the cliair of the President of the Senate be
Shrouded with black ; and, a? a further testimony of respect
to the memory of tile deceased, the members of the Senate
Will go into mourning by wearing crape on their left arm
for thirty days.
Ordered, That the Secretary of the Senate communicate
this resolution to the House of Representatives.
Mr. EVERETT. Mr. President; I have been
requested to second the motion which has just
been made by the Senator from Virginia. I do so
with great cheerfulness. It was my good fortune
to enjoy the acquaintance of the late Vice Presi-
dent—I hope, even some portion of his friendly
regard—for a longer period probably than most
of those within the sound of my voice—a period
of nearly thirty years. Such being the case, I
feel as if I ought not to remain silent &t this last
moment, when our relations to him as members
of this Senate are, by the performance of this
day's melancholy duty, about to be closed forever.
There is an ancientmaxim, sir, founded at once
in justice and right feeling, which bids us " say
nothing but what is good of the dead." I can
obey this rule, in reference to the late Vice Presi-
dent, without violating the most scrupulous dic-
tates of sinceiity. I can say nothing but what is
good of him, for I have never seen or heard any
thing but good of him for thirty years that I have
known him personally and by reputation.
It would hardly be expected of me, to attempt
to detail the incidents of the private life or the
public career of the late Vice President. That
duty belongs to others, by whom it has been, or
will no doubt be appropriately performed. I re-
gret, particularly on this occasion, the unavoida-
ble absence of our colleagues from Alabama, it
is the province of those of us, not connected with
him by political associations, especially of those
inhabiting remote parts of our common country,
to express their cordial concurrence in the affec-
tionate praises, which have been or may be pro-
nounced by his fellow-citizens and neighbors.
Few of the public men of the day had been so
intimately associated with the Senate as the late
Vice President. I think he had been a member
of the body for more years than any person now
belonging to it. Besides this, a relation of a dif-
ferent kind had grown up between him and the
Senate. The Federal Constitution devolves upon
the people, through the medium of the Electoral
Colleges, the choice of the presiding officer of this
body. But whenever the Senate was called to
supply the place temporarily, for a long course of
years, and till he ceased to belong to it, it turned
spontaneously to him.
He undoubtedly owed this honor to distin-
guished qualifications forthechair. He possessed,
in an eminent degree, that quickness of perception,
that promptness'of decision, that familiarity with
the now somewhat complicated rules of congres-
sional proceedings, and that urbanity of manner,
which are requir;d in a presiding officer. Not
claiming, although an acute and forcible debater,
to rank with his illustrious contemporaries, whom
now, alas ! we can mention only to deplore—with
Calhoun, with Clay, and with Webster, (I name
them alphabetically, and who will presume to ar-
range them on any other principle,) whose un-
matched eloquence so often shook the walls of this
Senate, the late Vice President possessed the rare
and the highly importanttalentof controlling, with
impartiality, the storm of debate, and moderating
between mighty spirits, whose ardent conflicts at
times seemed to threaten the stability of the Re-
public.
In fact, sir, he was highly endowed with what
Cicero beautifully commends as the boni Senatoris
prudentia, the " wisdom of a good Senator;" and
m his accurate study and ready application of the
rules of parliamentary law, he rendered a service
to the country, not perhaps of the most brilliant
kind, but assuredly of no secondary importance.
There is nothing which more distinguishes the
great national race to which we belong, than its
aptitude for government by deliberative assem-
blies; its willingness, while it asserts the largest
liberty of parliamentary right, to respect what
i the Senator from Virginia in another connection
| has called the self-imposed restrictions of parlia-
! mentary order ; and I do not think it an exagger-
j ation to say, that there is no trait^in their charac-
ter which has proved more conducive to the dis-
patch of the public business—to the freedom of
debate—to the honor of the country—I will say,
even, which has done more to'establish and per-
petuate constitutional liberty.
The long and faithful senatorial career of the
late Vice President received at last, its appro-
I priate reward. The people of the United States,
| having often witnessed the disposition of the Sen-
i ate to place him at their head, and the dignified
and acceptable manner in which he bore himself
in that capacity, conferred upon him, a twelve-
month since, that office, which is shown by re-
peated and recent experience to be above the
second, if not actually the first, in their gift—the
office which placed him constitutionally and per-
manently, during its continuance, in the chair of
the Senate.
A mysterious dispensation of Providence has
nipped these crowning honors in the bud. A dis-
ease, for which the perpetual summer and per-
fumed breezes of the tropics afforded no balm,
overtook him at an age when he might, in the
course of nature, have reasonably looked forward
to still many years of active service. Clothed by
a special and remarkable act of Congress, even
while under a foreign jurisdiction, with the consti-
tutional qualifications to enter upon the high office
to which he had been elected, he returned, not to
exercise its functions, but to seek his much-loved
home, and there to die.
Thus, sir, he has left us to chase for a little while
longer the shadows which he has exchanged for
unutterable realities. He has left us, sir, prema-
turely for everything but his spotless name, and
his entrance on the well-earned honors of his un-
ambitious career. And we, Senators, for all the
interchange of kindness—for all the intercourse of
private life—'for all the acts of cooperation in the
public service—to which for at least four years the
Senate was looking forward in its connection with
him—have nothing left to offer to his friends and
his memory but the unavailing tribute of this last
mournful farewell.
I second the resolutions of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. CASS. Mr. President: Again has death
invaded the high places of our land, and taken
from us a citizen distinguished by his talents,
his woith, and his services, and enjoying the con-
fidence and affection of his countrymen. In the
Providence of God, these visitations come to warn
us, that none are exempt from the decree, that in
; life we are in the midst of death, and that be ye
1 also ready is a solemn admonition,announced to
us from the cradle to the grave, by the mighty and
the lowly, as they successively fall before the great
j destroyer. The lesson is the more impressive', the
I higher is the position, and the more eminent the
1 character of him, whose departure we may be called
upon to mourn. And when one who occupied
the second station in our country, is summoned
! from the duties of this life to the responsibility of
1 that which is to come, as the loss is a national
one, the manifestation of public sympathy, and
the acknowledgment of the public grief, should
be national also. Our lamented friend, the late
Vice President, has been taken from us, full of
years indeed, and of honors, but in the midst of
his usefulness, and when he was just prepared to
enter upon the high career to which he had been
called by the American people. Upon this occa-
sion, I desire to do little more than to express
those sentiments of affectionate regard, with which
an acquaintance of many years had inspired me,
leaving to others, who have this day well fulfilled
the task, to present those features of his character
and services which endeared him to his country-
men in life, and will endear to them his memory,
now that the scenes of life are forever closed upon
him.
His career was eminently useful and fortunate;
and in the whole range of American statesmen
there are few, indeed, to whom our youth can
better look, when seeking models of imitation and
encouragement, than to William R. Kixr.
Firm but courteous, frank and fearless, of high
honor and irreproachable morals, he brought a
vigorous intellect, and varied and extensive in-
formation, to the public counsels; and the ripe
fruit of his experience, joined to these endow-
ments, gave conviction to his opinion, and au-
thority to his example. We always heard him
with attention, for he elucidated every subject
he investigated, and brought to our discussions
the stores of his knowledge and experience, with
a manner as unassuming as it was captivating.
While loving the State in which he so long resided,
and which had given him so many proofs of
confidence and affection, he loved also our com-
mon country, and at home and abroad proved
himself the true patriot, the able and faithful citi-
zen. In all the relations of private life he was
loved and honored, as well from the amenity of
his manner as from the kindness of his heart, and
in the social circle he was the very model of the
accomplished gentleman. For almost half a cen-
tury he was in the public service, and was inti-
mately connected with many of the great events
which marked that long and stirring period, and
he proved himself equal to all the circumstances
in which he was placed, sustaining himself
with sfgnal ability among men whose renown is
written in imperishable characters upon the his-
tory of our country.
But better than all this, and above all this, he
was a sincere Christian; addfng another to the
long list of eminent men who have searched the
Gospel of Jesus and have found it the will and
word of God. In his last illness, when the world
and the things of the world were fast fading before
him, he found hope and consolation in the prom-
ises of the Saviour; and calmly surveying the ap-
proach of death, he looked beyond its power to
the glorious immortality promised to the believer.
The places that knew him will know him no more;
but, though dead, his memory is embalmed in the
hearts of his countrymen, and there it will live,
honored and cherished, long after all those who
are now taking part in this tribute to his worth
shall have followed him in the journey, where, for
a brief space, he has preceded us through the
darkvalley of the shadow of death.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can scarcely hope to add
anything of value to what has been so well said
by others. For the last eight months the mourn-
ful event, which is now officially announced to the
Senate, has been known, felt, and lamented by us
all. In the mean time, we have passed through
scenes well calculated to engross our thoughts and
divert our attention, if not to obscure the fresh-
ness of the first impression, or assuage the keen-
ness of that sorrow which filled every heart. But
no matter what the lapse of time or its results,
the meeting of the Senate, and the absence of one
whom all admired and loved,- and delighted to
greet and honor, call up associations and remi-
niscences which impart to the occasion all the
effects of a sudden and unexpected bereavement.
Those whose happiness it was to be associated
with Colonel King in public duty and private in-
tercourse, are alone capable of realizing the extent
of our loss. His example in all the relations of
life, public and private, may be safely com-
mended to our children as worthy of imitation.
Few men in this country have ever served
the public for so long a period of time, and
none with a more fervent patriotism or un-
blemished reputation. For forty-five years he
devoted his energies and talents to the perform-
ance of arduous public duties—always per-
forming his trust with fidelity and ability, and
never failing to command the confidence, admi-
ration, and gratitude of an enlightened constitu-
ency. While he held, in succession, numerous
official stations, in each of which he maintained
and enhanced his previous reputation, yet the
Senate was the place of ht3 choice, and the theater
