185B.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
of his greatest usefulness. Here he sustained an
enviable reputation during a period of thirty years
senatorial service, always manifesting his respect
for the body by his courtesy and propriety of
deportment. Here, where his character was best
understood, and his usefulness and virtues most
highly appreciated, his loss, as a public man and
a private friend, is most painfully felt and deeply
lamented.
Mr. CLAYTON. I shall only pay a debt of
honor to the spirit of the dead, by offering my
humble testimonial in addition to what has been
so appropriately and eloquently expressed by
others. A. quarter of a century has elapsed since
1 became acquainted with William R. King as a
brother Senator on this floor. During the greater
part of that long period I was an attentive observer
of his course as a public man, and I cannot in
justice remain silent when an opportunity is of-
fered of paying a tribute to the memory of one
who so honorably deserved it.
That man who, dying, can be said to have
passed his days without a stain upon his reputa-
tion, has justly earned the honors due to a well-
spent life. The Roman poet has immortalized
the sentiment—
"Jfer male nixit, qui natus moriensque fe/ellit,"
and William R. King may be truly said to have
passed from the cradle to the grave without a blot
upon his name.
The chief part of his history is written upon the
records of this Senate, in which his high character
as a legislator and a statesman was firmly estab-
lished. 1 would avoid the common places employed
on occasions similar to the present, when speak-
ing of such a man. It is not enough to say of
him that he performed his duties well as a member
of the Senate. He was distinguished by the scru-
pulous correctness of his conduct. He was re-
markable for his quiet and unobtrusive, but active,
practical usefulness as a legislator. He was em-
phatically a business member of the Senate, and,
without ostentation, originated and perfected more
useful measures than many- who filled the public
eye by greater display and daily commanded the
applause of a listening Senate. He never sought
with some of his cotemporaries to earn a brilliant
reputation by the exhibition of splendid powers of
oratoryv and, to his honor be it spoken, he never
vexed the ear of the Senate with ill-timed, tedious,
or unnecessary debate. He preferred to be checked
for silence rather than to be tasked for speech.
Yet, on all occasions when a great issue was be-
fore the country, calling for the exercise of manly
firmness, courage, and patriotism, Mr. King was
abreast with those who stood foremost for the
safety and the glory of the Republic.
He graced that chair of the Senate longer than
any other man that ever occupied it—not continu-
ously, or by virtue merely of repeated elections as
our temporary President, but often also at the re-
quest of the Presiding Officer. I think he was
thus engaged in the performance of the duties of
President of the Senate during the greater part
of the terms of five Vice Presidents; and at last
he reached the second office in the gift of the
people—an office excelled in honor only by one
other in the world. To preside over such an
assembly as the Senate of the United States, and
to do that, as~*he did it, was enough to satisfy the ,
highest aspirations of an honorable and patriotic j
ambition. In this elevated position he was distin- j
guished (and I may add he was never excelled) for :
the dignity of his deportment, the impartiality of ,
his decisions, and the promptness and fidelity with j
which he maintained the order and enforced the j
rules of this body. I can remember no instance in 1
which he lost sight of what was due to his own i
respect or the rights of his political opponents, by i
the indulgence of party feelings in the chair. Pre-
siding,as hedid,when party spiritraged in torrents
of fire, all just men will admit that he could have
been no common man who maintained his ,
character for justice and impartiality at such a
period. A little man, at that time, would have
shown hif? littleness by yielding himself up as an
instrument of oppression to the minority. But
he sought an honest and enduring fame, and he
obtained it without the employment of any un- ,
worthy means, or the slightest sacrifice of prmci- j
pie. He engaged no hireling press, no mercenary j
fibeler to traduce others, or to trumpet his own j
fame. He paid respect to the feelings of others, 1
and rigidly exacted the observance of the same
respect for himself. Generous as^ he was brave,
his conduct to his opponents suffering under de-
feat, was always liberal and kind; and, by his in-
flexible truth, he won the entire confidence of men
of all parties in his own unblemished honor.
Others have spoken of his services in other
places, but I shall speak of nothing to which I
was not a witness. W^hile Mr. ICing remained
in the Senate, there was still one member of the
body who had served with me on this floor during
the memorable session of 1829-'30, and during
the earlier years of President Jackson's adminis-
tration. It is melancholy to reflect that nearly all
the rest of the Senators of that period have closed
their career on earth, and that not one of those
who survive remain here with me to-day.
The master spirits of the time were among the
Senators of that day. I speak not of the living.
But here, then, were Clay, Calhoun, Forsyth,,
i Webster, and Livingston, the learned and labo-
j rious Woodbury, the astute Grundy, the witty,
j sarcastic, and ever-ready Holmes, the classic
j Robbins, and, among many others justly distin-
; guished, the graceful and accomplished orator of
I Carolina, Robert Y. Hayne,
" Whose words had such a melting flow,
And spoke ol" tiutli so sweetly well,
They dropped like the serenest snow,
And all was brightness where they fell."
Oh ! I could enumerate, and delight to dwell on,
the virtues of them all—and then revert to him
whose fame we now commemorate, as to one not
inferior in integrity and honor to the proudest
among them. But these reminiscences are at-
tended by the mournful reflection that our con-
nections with them in this world are ended
forever—
" Around us, cach dissevered chain
In sparkling ruin lies,
And earthly hands can ne'er again
Unite those broken ties."'
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. As a fuithefmark of respect
to the memory of the deceased, I move that the
Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed to Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRES ENT AT IVES.
Thursday, December 8, 1853.
The House met at 12, m. Prayer by the Rev.
William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ALEXANDER P. FIELD.
Mr. EASTMAN. A slight clerical amend-
ment was made by the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion for the relief of Alexander P. Field, which
passed the House a day or two ago. I hope
there will be no objection to the taking up of the
resolution now, so that the amendment of the
Senate may be agreed to. . . |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 rise to a privi- ,
leged question. I move that when the House ad- j
journ to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The question was taken; and the motion was j
agreed to. , i
The question was then taken on the amend- ■
ment of the Senate to strike from the joint reso- i
lution the word ''Isaiah," and insert in lieu j
thereof " Josiah A.-," and it was agreed to. j
The SPEAKER. Petitions are now in order
1 from the State of Maine. *
j Mr. HIBBARD asked and obtained leave to
■ withdraw from the files of the House the petition
; and papers of Charles M. Howe, for the purpose
of reference to one of the standing committees
| of the House.   
I On Motion by Mr. MATTESON, it was
I Ordered, That the petition and papers of Aaron Stafford
I witndrawn from the liles of the House, and refeired to
i the Committee on invalid Pensions.
I Mr. MATTESON presented the petition of
James S. Abeel, of the Ordnance Department,
and moved that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs; which motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. MURRAY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis of EoswellIMinard
be withdrawn liom the files of the House, and refeireu to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. GAMBLE, it was
Ordered That the petition and papers of Dr. A!ex-ar der
Band be withdi&wn fioni the files ot tin* House, and refeired
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. DRUM presented a petition for the estab-
lishment of a post route from Marchand to New-
man's Mills, in Indiana county, Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask leave^ to withdraw
from the files of the House such petitions and pa-
pers as make application for appropriations to
afford better accommodations for the post office
and the courts of the United States in the city of
Philadelphia. I presented, at the last session of
Congress, the presentment of the grand jury of
the courts of the United States; and, if my memory
serves me right, there was also a petition present-
ed from the Board of Trade, informing Congress
of the bad accommodation for post office and ju-
dicial purposes in that city. I move the petitions
and papers 1 have referred to be withdrawn
from the files of the House, and referred to the
Committee on 'Ways and Means.
Mr. KURTZ. I ask leave to withdraw the
papers of Messrs. Wells and Welsh, for the pur-
pose of reference in the Senate.
No objection being made, leave was granted.
Mr. STRAUB. Is it in order to introduce a
resolution at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not, without the unani-
mous consent of the House. Petitions only are
in order.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the following pe-
ttons: .
The petition of John F. Dumas, asking Con-
gress to interfere in behalf of his claims upon
Spain for spoliations; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; and
The petition of John F. Dumas, asking com-
pensation for claims upon Spain previous to the
cession of Florida; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. McMULLIN. I wish to give notice of
my intention, on to-morrow or some future day,
to introduce a bill for the purpose of equalizing the
pay of members of Congress, so as to reduce the
mileage, and so as not to exceed the present pay.
The SPEAKER. The notice will be entered.
Mr. H1LLYER. I aslc leave of the House to
introduce the following resolution, which I hope
will be read for information.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this a call for
resolutions?
Th.e SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. JONES. Then I hope the rule will be ad-
hered to. ,
Mr. HILLYER. I hope the gentleman will
permit the resolution to be read, and there will be
no difficulty in passingit.
The SPEAKER. The objection is not with-
drawn, and the resolution cannot be read.
Mr. CHASTA1N asked the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
House the petition and papers of Robert Kiikham,
of Georgia, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Claims. _
Also, the papers of Moses Perkins, of Oreorgia,
and that they be referred to the same committee.
It was so ordered. .
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, gave notice of
an intention to introduce at an early day a bill
granting to the State of Louisiana the right of
way to a donation of public land, for the purpose
of locating and constructing a railroad from Shreve-
port to the Mississippi river in said State.
Mr. CORWIN asked the unanimous consent
of the House to withdraw from the files of the
House the papers of the next heirs and legal
representatives of William Dickie, a deceased
soldier of the revolutionary war, for the purpose
of reference to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so ordered.
Mr CAMPBELL. I move to postpone the
further calling of States for petitions for two
weeks. My reason for making the .motion is
simply this, that I see no good to be accomplished,
particularly by this course. Under the rules
every member can file his petitions and give notice
of hfstotentioa to introduce bills It does stnke
ine that this thing of calling the States day after
day is a mere consumption of time without accom-
ohlh'n* anv good. I ask, therefore, the unam-
Snous consent of the House to submit the motion
I have indicated. , .
Mr WENTWORTH. I object.
Mr CAMPBELL. I would inquire whether
it is in order, when States are called upon for
petitions, to give notice of the introduction of
bills ?
