1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1589
The question is not debat-
So the Chair has decided,
I demand tellers on the
Mr. McMULLIN.
able.
The CHAIRMAN,
Mr. STEPHENS.
motion to rise. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs Campbell
and McMollin were appointed. ,
The question was then taken; and the tellers I
reported—ayes 81, noes 21. j
So the motion was agreed to. j
The committeeaccordingly rose; and the Speaker
pro tempore (Mr. Bococic) having taken the chair, ■
the Chairman reported that a Committee of the |
Whole House on the Private Calendar had had i
under consideration House bill No. 58, " for set- •
tling the claims of the legal representatives of '
Richard W. Meade," and had come to no reso- i
lution thereon.
message from the senate. ;
A message was here received from the Senate, ,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in- j
forming the House that they had passed a bill for
the relief of David Myerle; and also, that they 1
insisted upon their amendments to the resolution .
of the House fixing the day of final adjournment, j
and asked a committee of conference on the part i
of the House to meet alike committee on the part ;
of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the rules be '
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into .
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the ;
Union. j
Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 ask for tellers upon
ihat motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kerr, and
JoNF,s.of Louisiana, were appointed. !
The question was taken; and the tellers reported ,
—ayes 47, noes not counted. j
So the House refused to go into the Committee |
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. With a view of getting at the mes- j
sage from the Senate just received, I move that I
the House do now proceed to the consideration of i
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. McMULLIN. I thought the understand- !
ing was, that we were to go into the Committee of 1
the Whole on the civil and diplomatic appropna- 1
tion bill. ;
[Cries of " No; that has been voted down."]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if the motion ;
to go to the consideration of the business on the j
Speaker's table is in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has!
been just inquiring whether an hour had been spent
in receiving reports from committees. j
Mr. JONES. You have let the time pass by ;
when this motion might have been made. j
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair re- ]
members the rule to be, that any time in the course ;
of the session of the day, after one hour has been
devoted to the reception of reports from commit-
tees, it shall be in order to make the motion to
go to the business on the Speaker's table. The
rule is as follows:
" After one hour shall have been devoted to reports Irons
committees and resolutions, it shall be m order, pending the
discussion thereof, to entertain a mouon that the House do
now proceed to dispose of the business upon the Speaker's
table, and to the orders of the day," &e.
Mr. JONES. Are reports from committees and
resolutions under discussion now? The rule says
" pending the discussion thereof." We have quit
that business by going into a Committee of the
Whole House. We have now come from the
consideration of that business, and the gentleman
has no right to make the motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair de-
cides, in answer to the remarks of the gentleman
from Tennessee, that as soon as the committee
returns again into the House, the first business in
order is the further reception of reports from com-
mittees; and, although no committees have been
called for reports, that business is in order, and
is the business now under consideration. There-
fore the motion to proceed to business upon the
Speaker's table is in order.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Orr; and it was agreed to.
adjournment sine die.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The first busi-
ness in order is the resolution of the House fixing
the time for the adjournment of Congress, returned
from the Senate this morning.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House insist upon :
its disagreement to the Senate amendment, and ,
that a message be sent to the Senate, notifying
them that the House concur in their request for :
the appointment of a committee of conference. i
Mr. HENN. I rise to a point of order. That .
resolution is not the first one in order. There are \
several bills before it.
Mr. ORR. It ia the first business in order, i
because it comes in that class specified in the rule
as " messages and other Executive communica-
tions."
The SPEAKER. The rule is, that when the
House proceeds to business upon the Speaker's
fable, it shall first proceed to the consideration of
messages and other Executive communications,
and then to "messages from the Senate, and
amendments proposed by the Senate to bills of the
House."
Mr. OPdt. 1 demand the previous question on
my motion.
Mr. HENN. 1 ask for tellers upon the second.
Tellers were not ordered.
The previous question was then seconded.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
[Cries of " No!" " No !"]
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no idea of a com-
mittee of six men fixing what Congress shall do.
[Cries of " Order"Order'."] !
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was not heard until the House
was dividing upon the pending question; and there-
fore it, is not in order.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that when the House
adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. KEITT. 1 think a better motion would
be, that when the House adjourns to-morrow, it
adjourn to meet on Wednesday next. Tuesday
is the 4th of July, and I make that motion. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 submit that the j
motion is not in order. j
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair thinks .
to-morrow will be the lime to make that motion. ,
Mr. KEITT. I submit to the Chair that when
! the House adjourned over to take up the carpets,
; it adjourned upon a motion of the gentleman from
| Alabama, [Mr. Houston,] made beforehand, pre-
| cisely as I now make this motion.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion of
the gentleman from Alabama, to which the gentle-
man refers, was introduced, by unanimous consent,
on Monday, by a suspension of the rules. The
•Chair decides that the motion of the gentleman
from South Carolina is not in order,
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the
motion to adjourn will be withdrawn, and that
gentlemen will allow the committee of conference
to be appointed. If the House do not approve
the day they agree upon for the final adjournment,
their report may be voted down. Let the com-
mittee be appointed, and let us see what they will
recommend.
Mr. FLORENCE, i am very willing to ac-
commodate myself to what seems to be the almost
unanimous wish of theHouse; but, sir, in making
my motion——
[Loud cries of "Order'."]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion is
not debatable; but the gentleman from Pennsyl-
1 vania having announced his determination, the
Chair was indulging him in a little explanation.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw my motion.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Orr's
motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr. HENN. I demand tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the motion
, was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved that the vote by which the
House agreed to appoint a committee of confer-
ence be reconsidered, and also moved to iay the
!■ motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
I demand the yeas and
Mr. OLDS. I move that the House resolve
itself into a Committee of the Whole House,
The motion wa3 not agreed to.
Mr. WHEELER. I movs that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was put on Mr. Wheeler's
motion; and there were—ayes thirty-eight 
Mr. WHEELER. 1 demand tellers. '
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 hope that the gentleman
will withdraw the call for tellers, and let us go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the civil and.diplomatic bill.
Mr. WHEELER. As we have refused to eon-
sider private business, I shall not withdraw my
call for tellers for the purpose indicated by the
gentleman.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wheeler
and Mace were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 58, noes 6G.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. McMULLiN. I move that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union on the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
Mr. WHEELER.
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SAGE. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ashe and
Breckinridge were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 74, noes 44.
! So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
! House resolved itself into the Committee of the
. Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the
chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
i last in session on the civil and diplomatic appro-
j priaticn bill, the question before the committee
was on agreeing to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler.]
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move that the committee
do now rise, and on that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Prisoleand
Richardson were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 37, noes 80.
j So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 move to lay aside the civil
, and diplomatic bill, and to take up the next bill
! on the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
i motion out of oHer.
; Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, I would like
to know upon what ground the Chair decides the
i motion out of order'
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not tfcink
, it necessary to enter into an argument.
Mr. CLlNGMAN. ! object to any argument.
Mr. STEPHENS. I wish to know the grounds
upon which the Chair decides out of order the
motion of uiy colleague to lay aside the civil and
diplomatic bill, and to take vip the next appropri-
ation hill on the Calendar'
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides it out
of order because the House has closed debateupon
the civil and diplomatic bill, and directed the com-
mittee to proceed to vote upon it.
Thependingamendment, offered by Mr. Green-
wood,was then reported, as follows:
Add to the amendment proposed by Mr. Chandler,
'.vhich is follow*: ' For continuing the aqueduct for
bringing water into the city of Washington, asreeaMy to
the olan adopt-d by the President of the United States, ao-
.■i ,■-(]'>n>' to til", provisions of the net of Congies?, approved
March 3,1853, $500,000-'
—the words:
Procured, That no portion of the foregoing amount
ehM! ho applied unless the corporations of Georgetown and
' Washington shall appropriate and pay a sum equal to one
fillh of the amount, to aid in the construction of the waUT-
woiks proposed,
Mr. SM ITH, of Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I beg
the attention at the committee to the few remarks
' I propose to submit, because I think it entirely in
my power to satisfy the committee that the propo-
sition of the gentleman from Arkansas ia not as
good as the one which is contemplated in the ori-
ginal amendment. I beg the committee to bear
it in mind that the proposition which is now
