2*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 8,
The SPEAKER. " It is in order to give notice
of an intention to do so. That has been the
practice heretofore.
Mr, CAMPBELL. Does it come under the
rule which provides for the presentation of peti-
tions ?
The SPEAKER. That practice has been uni-
versally indulged in, when States were being
called upon for petitions.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Is it in order to move a
reference of petitions to committees at this time?
The SPEAKER. By the unanimous consent
of the House, that order has been made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I shall object to a refer-
ence of petitions, fori see nothing to be accom-
plished in taking up the time of the House in do-
ing that which every member can do by the sim-
ple presentation of his petitions, under the rule, at
the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman misunder-
stood the Chair. The petitions yesterday and the
day before were referred by general consent to
committees which are to be hereafter raised, and
they will be found in the hands of such committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL. That system cannot be
maintained, if there be objections in future.
Mr. CHRISMAN asked leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition and papers
of Anthony G. Willis and heirs-at-law, asking
for pay for the use of a wagon and team pressed
into the service of the United States in the war of
1812, and refer them to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
It was so ordered.
On motion by Mr. CHAMBERLAIN, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files o{ the House the papers'in the case of Captain Simon-
ton, late or"the United rftat' S Army, and that tho same he
refeircd to the Committee on Commerce, when appointed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, gave notice,
that on to-morrow, or some subsequent day, he
would ask leave to introduce a bill of the follow-
ing title:
" An act for the relief of the purchasers and locators of
swamp and oveiflowed lands."
Mr. GREENWOOD gave notice that on Mon-
day next, or some subsequent day, he would,ask
leave to introduce a biii donating a portion of the
public lands to aid in the construction of the Wes-
tern Border Railroad, commencing with the south-
west boundary of the State of Missouri, thence in
a southern direction by way of Van Buren and
Fort Smith, to the southern boundary of the State
of Arkansas, near the Red River raft.
On motion by Mr. WELLS, it was
Ordered) That leave be granted to withdraw from the
fib's of tho House, the papers m tho case of William
Blake, for the purpose of reference.
The States and Territories having now all been
called for petitions, the Speaker announced the
next business in order to be the calling of States
for resolutions, commencing with the State of
Pennsylvania.
NEWSPAPERS FOR MEMBERS.
Mr. RIDDLE. An impression seems to exist
upon the part of some of the members, that a
resolution, passed the first session of the last Con-
gress, authorizes the Clerk to furnish the mem-
bers of the House with such papers as they may
select, within a certain limit. Such an impres-
sion has certainly arisen. Now, we always have
had those papers furnished us, and the sooner we
get them the better. 1 therefore offer the follow-
ing resolution, and hope there will be no opposi-
tion to its adoption. I send to the Chair th'e res-
olution I have prepared, and, upon its adoption,
I move the previous question.
The resolution was read by the Clerk, as fol-
lows :
Resolreds That during the present Concre.«s, each Repre-
sfntativc and Delegate may be furnished with such news-
papers and publications as he shall select, not to exceed in
amount, per annum, the cost of four daily newspapers.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Delaware, who offered the resolution, so to modify
it as to provide the same in amount as the Senate
have voted to themselves I do not know pre-
cisely what provision they have made upon the
subject, nor do I care what it is; f want the mem-
beis of the two Houses placed on the same footing
in this respect; I therefore hope the gentleman
. so modify his resolution as to correspond
with theirs. 1
A Member. I ask the gentleman to make the
limit the cost offive daily newspapers.
Mr. RIDDLE. I accept the modification of
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Clins-
manJ and so modify my resolution as to provide
for the same number of newspapers and publica-
tions as is allowed to each Senator.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope no modifi-
cation will be made. I hope we shall not follow
in the tracks of the Senate in reference to these
matters; but that the members of this House, as
the representatives of the people, will restrict them-
selves in a greater degree, in voting these publica-
tions to be furnished at the expense of the Gov-
ernment. Some of the daily papers of this city
cost as high as ten dollars per annum.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind gen-
tlemen that debate is not in order.
' The question was then put on the seconding of
the demand for the previous question, and carried
—ayes 88, noe^ 43.
The mam question was then put and carried.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennnessee. I move that the
resolution do he on the table.
The motion was put and lost.
The question now being on the adoption of th®
resolution-—
Mr. SKELTON demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
think that we had better fix the amount There
are some papers in this city that charge ten dol-
lars per year, and there is one daily paper that
charges but three dollars.
The SPEAKER. A discussion is not now in
ord er.
The main question was then put on the adop-
tion of the resolution; which was carried in the
affirmative.
Mr. WRNTWORTH, of Illinois. I move
that the vote by which the resolution was adopted
be reconsidered, and that themotion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The question being taken on the latter motion,
it was agreed to.
LIBRARIAN OF THE HOUSE.
When the State of Virginia was called—
Mr. BAYLY,of Virginia, said: I move, sir, that
this House do now proceed to elect a Librarian.
Mr. HIT.LYhll. I second that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect any rule of the House which authorizes such
an election.
Mr. CL1N"GMAN. I object to the motion,
unless it is m order. I think we have a very good
Librarian.
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
Virginia state the authority under which he pro-
poses this election ?
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I believe I misunderstood
the gentleman from Virginia. Does he propose
to elpct a Librarian for this House or for Congress?
Mr. BAYLY. A Librarian of the House.
The Librarian of Congress is appointed by the
President of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is aware of that.
Mr. BAYLY. The Librarian of the House
has heretofore been appointed by the Clerk. His
appointment by that officer has been pretty much
a matter of sufferance. The resolution which I
propose to offer on the subject 1 now send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a question of order. Is
debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not
in order until the question of order has been set-
tled with regard to the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
The Cerk then read the resolution, which is as
follows:
Resolved, That this House wilf proceed at one o'clock to
elect an othcer to be called the Librarian of the House of
Representative*, vvito .-hail have charge of its books and
documents, and -hall dischaige the same duties and receive
the same pay that are now discharged and received by the
messenger appointed by tile Cleik to act as Librarian:
Provide/, That said messenger shall be dispensed with,
and that the number of messengers hereafter employed by
the Clerk shall he one less than are now authorized.
Mr. DEAN. I desire to offer an amendment
to that resolution, whenever it comes up for con-
sideration; but I propose to debate it first, and
therefore it lies over, I suppose.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I withdraw my objection
to the resolution.
Mr. DEAN. I understand that the resolution
lies over under the rule.
The SPEAKER. If debate arises, the reaolq-
! tion will lie over as a matter of course. Is there
objection to the introduction of the resolution ?
Mr. HAMILTON. There is. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY. When will the resolution come
I UP •
The SPEAKER. Whet! the State of Virginia
is called for resolutions.
Mr. BAYLY. The State of Virginia was called,
and this resolution was offered by one of her
members.
Mr. HIBBARD. The resolution is not before
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DEAN. I had the floor to debate the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution must tie over, as it is proposed to debate it.
Mr. BAYLY. I have obviated that difficulty
by calling the previous question.
Mr. DEAN. It was not called when the reso-
lution was first offered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
it is competent for the House to determine the
mode of appointing its own officers, or to change
that mode. The State of Virginia having been
called for resolutions, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Bayly] had a right to introduce this, resolu-
tion.
Mr. BAYLY. I did not surrender the floor,
except to allow the point of order to be deter-
mined.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it,
and is not disposed to rule the gentleman out of
order. The Chair thinks that is a fair adminis-
tration of the rules.
Mr. BAYLY. Well, sir, I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. DEAN. T hope the House will not sus-
tain the previous question. I want to amend the
resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I call the gentleman from
New York to order.
The House was divided on the demand for the
previous question, and there were G3 in the af-
firmative.
Mr. BAYLY. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bayly, of
Virginia, and Orr were appointed.
The question was then taken; and there were—
ayes 81, noes 70; so the call for the previous
question was seconded.
The question was then put—" Shall the main
question be now ordered to be put?" and, on
a division, it was so ordered.
Mr. MACDONALD. I move to lay the resolu-
tion upon the table; and upon that motion I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The roll was then called; and there were—yeas
94, nays 108; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Willis Alien, Belcher, BisselJ, Bliss,
Breckinridge, Bridges, Lewis I). Campbell, Clinrchwell,
Clark, Cobb, Convin, Craige, Curtis, Cutting. Dawson,
Dean, Dunham, Eastman, Eddy, Edsertoa, Fil!iaou, Eng-
lish, Etheridge, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble, Gid-
dmgs, Green, Greenwood, Grow. Hamilton, Aai on Harlan,
Andrew J. Italian, Hastings, Hendricks, Kenn, liibbard,
Hill, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, Hughes, liiitert-nli, Johnson,
Daniei T. Jones, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lane, Latham. Lindsay,
McCulloch, Macdonald, McUnugal, McMulhn, McNair,
Macy, Mayaii, Smith Miller, Morrison, Murmy, Nichols,
Noble. Packer, Peek, Peekham, 13, Perkins, i'lieips, Pratt,
Richardson, David Ritchie, Thos. Ritehey, Robbms, Rowe,
Sapp, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Frederick I'. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton. Stratib,
Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Tajlor, Tiont,
Tweed, Vail, Van-ant. Waibridge, Wentworth, West-
brook, and Hendnck R. Wright—94.
NAYS— Messis. Atiercrombie, Aiken. James C. Allen,
Appleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey, Thomas II. Bayly,
Barksdale, Barry, Benson, Beiuon, Bococfc, Rnyee,
Brooks, Bugg, Carpenter, Oarutllers. Ca^kie, Chamber-
lam, Chandler, Chase, Chastain, Cbrisman, Clingman,
Colquitt, Cook, Cox, Cullom, Cumming, John G. Davis,
Thomas Davis, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Dnwdeil,
Dium, Edmands, Edmundson, Everhart. F.tving, Faib-y,
Faulkner, Flagler, Franklin,' Goodc, ilondrioh. Grey,
Sampson VV. ll.nris, VViicv P. Harris, Haven, Ulster,
Hum, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidweil, Knox,
