1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1691
passed in September, 1&5G, usually known as the
fugitive slave act.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. ADAMS asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
amend the several acts granting bounty lands,and
for other purposes; which was read,and passed to
a second reading.
SCHOOL LANDS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill " allowing
exchanges of and granting additional school lands
in the several States which contain public lands."
It has passed the Senate several tunes, and been
sent to the House of Representatives, but it has
never been taken up there.
Mr. MALLORY. The bill which is first in
order to-day, as the unfinished business of yes-
terday, is the bill to 44 authorize the sale of re-
served lands and for other purposes," which was
half read through yesterday at the time of ad-
journment. It is on the same subject as the bill
to which the Senator from Arkansas refers. There
will be no opposition to it, I am satisfied. It has
been prepared at the Department. Its object is to
authorize the sale of lands hitherto reserved for
military purposes. I would ask the Senator from
Arkansas, as that bill is a prior order, to let it be
taken up first.
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator will not
object to taking up this bill, it has heretofore
passed the Senate without any objection. I can-
not consent to give way. It is for the benefit of
the Senator's State as well as mine; and I do hope
he will not object to it.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not object to the bill;
but the one to which I refer is first in order, and
is on the same subject.
Mr. Johnson's motion was agreed to; and the
bill was read a second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize that where the sixteenth
section, heretofore set apart for the use of schools
in each of the several States which contain public
land, has been or shall be found unfit for cultiva-
tion, or wherein the township, being fractional,
it shall appear that there is no, or only a part of
a, sixteenth section, the States, respectively, shall
be at liberty to relinquish that sixteenth section,
and to select any other section, either as a whole
section, or in any legal subdivisions within the
same township that may remain subject to sale by
private entry; or should none such remain in the
same township, then that the selection may be
made in each case from any land within the limits
of the State subject to sale by private entry, and
upon the approval, by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, of the new selection, the original tract is ipso
facto to revert to and become public lands of the
United States.
There is to be selected, in the same manner, an
additional section of land, either as a whole sec-
tion, or m any legal subdivisions, for each town-
ship wjthm the States, and under their authority,
which section granted for the use of schools with-
in the township, is to be recorded and conveyed
as before stated.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a th/rd
reading, read a third time, and parsed. . /
THE AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE. \f
Mr. CLAYTON. 1 move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill reported from the
Committee on Foieign Relations, 44 for the moie
effectual suppression of the slave trade in American-
built vessels/'
Mr. SUMNER. Before that motion is put, I
should like to ask the honorable Senator from
Delaware, whether it is his purpose to have the
bill put on its passage now ? i
Mr. CLAYTON. Yes, sir, if I can. There !
is no time to lose. If it be longer delayed, the |
other House cannot act on it.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not examined the bill i
with the care which I should like to give to one
of such importance. So far as I do understand
it, 1 hope it may be amended in an impoi tant par-
ticular.
Mr. CLAYTON. That will be a subject for
consideration when the bill is taken up. Let it
come under consideration, and then it will be sub-
ject to amendment. The bill is not under consid-
eration yet; when it is, the gentleman can offer
his amendment, or give his objections, if he has
any.
Mr. SUMNER. I know it is not up; bat I
ma !e the remark by way of suggestion to the
Senator from Delaware; and I wish to follow it
up by the direct suggestion that the bill be al-
lowed <o lie over for the present. Tt is within my
knowledge that at least one honorable Senator de-
sires to speak sornewhatatlength on some aspects
of the questions presented by the bill. I do not
myself.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have only to say that the
effect of such an opposition will be to defeat the
bill, and that I want the American people to under-
stand. It is to defeat a measure winch has for its
object the suppression of the slave trade. Now,
sir, let us get at it, and then let us witness the op-
position. The question is now on the motion to
proceed to its consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct whenever any American
I registered ship or vessel shall, in whole or in part,
I be sold or transferred to, a citizen or citizens of
; the United States, at any foreign port or place in
! North or South America, or in any of the West
' India islands, or in the Cape de Verde Islands,
J or any island on or near the coast of Africa, the
j instrument of writing m the nature of a bill of
! sale, reciting at length her certificate of registry,
! in pursuance of the fourteenth section of the act
I of Congress of December 31, 179'2, concerning
i the registering and recording of ships or vessels,
' shall be utterly void, unless it shall be executed
in the presence of a minister or consul of the
United States there residing, and shall contain an
express condition that such instrument, and the
title of the purchaser claiming under it, shall not
be valid if the vessel shall make, or attempt to
make, a voyage to the coast of Africa before re-
turning to the United States for a new register.
And if any citizen of the United States, m any
such place, being the owner or agent for the sale
of an American vessel, shall sell it, knowing that
she is to be employed in the African slave trade,
or that she is about to make avoyage to thecoast
of Africa before returning to the United States,
or shall charter a vessel of which he may be the !
owner or the agent for a voyage to the coast of '
Africa, with the intent to sell the vessel on that
j coast, every person "so offending, on conviction
i before the circuit court of the United Srates, for
; any district wherein he may be brought or after-
| wards found, shall pay ten thousand dollars, and
! be imprisoned for a term not exceeding three years,
! at the discretion of the court. Every charter of
i an American ship or vessel at any such foreign
j place, with the intent that the vessel shall be em-
: ployed m the African slave trade, and every sale
: of an American ship or vessel on the coast of Af-
I rica, except it shall be duly condemned as unsea-
1 worthy, is to be illegal and void.
When any citizen or other person shall lodge
j information with the attorney of the district of
I any State or Territory, against any person for the
violation of the act, by any sale or charter, or at-
i tempt to sell or charter any American vessel, con-
| trary to the provisions of this act, it is to be the
| duty of the attorney to commence a prosecution
: against the offender, and upon conviction of such |
i olfense, the informer or informers who shall have j
| lodged the information, as aforesaid, are to be en-
; titled to receive one half the net sum recovered
1 and paid into the hands of the marshal of the
, district, exclusive of costs; and every vessel ille-
gally sold or chartered, contrary to any of the
, provisions of this act, is with all her tackle and
: furniture, to be forfeited to the United Srates,
I which, after condemnation by any court of the
United States in the district into which she may
be brought or found, are to be sold, and one half
the proceeds paid over to any citizen, or other j!
person, who shall have lodged the necessary in- |i
formation befoie the attorney of the district for j
the condemnation of the vessel. I
Every owner or agent for the sale of an Amer- ji
ican ship or vessel, who shall sell such ship or |:
vessel in any of the ports as described, and every
purchaser thereof are, at the time of the execution
of the instrument of writing in the nature of a
bill of sale for the transfer of the vessel, to make
oath or affirmation before a minister or consul of
the United States residing at the place, that the
, vessel is not intended to be engaged in the African
! slave trade, which oath or affirmation is to be re-
: duced to writing by the minister or consul, and by
i him duly certified and transmitted to the Depart-
| ment of State^of the United States, which certifi-
j cate, or a copy thereof, under the hand and seal
; of the Secretary of State, is to be evidence in any
I court of the United States; and if any such owner,
• agent, or purchaser, shall swear or affirm falsely
I in the premises, he is to be deemed guilty of per-
i jury, and shall, on conviction suffer all the pains
1 and penalties imposed by the acts of Congress for
| willful and corrupt perjury. Each party to every
I charter party executed in any foreign port is to
i make the same oath or affirmation, to be taken,
? certified, and transmitted, and a copy authentica-
j ted and proved in the same manner, and he is to
' be punishable in the same way for swearing or
affirming falsely. No such instrument in the na-
ture of a bill of sale, and no such charter party is
to be held legal and valid unless the provisions of
the act shall have been complied with.
Mr. CLAYTON. I have only one small
amendment fcp offer. It is in the first section, to
strike out the words,44 North or South America,'*
and in lieu thereof to insert " on the Atlantic
coast of America, or on any island, gulf, bay*
inlet, or river, on or nearthatcoast." The object
of this amendment is to confine the foreign port
or place where these sea-letters shall be prohibited
in the way they are by the bill, to the Atlantic
coast, instead of the Pacific coast of North-and
South Amei ica.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, I have but
a few words to say upon the merits of the bill.
We now maintain a squadron, and we have four
: ships on the coast of Africa. The English have
t twenty-seven, and the French twelve or thirteen.
The English and French together have about forty
vessels on the coast of Africa, and v/e but four.
It is but a fair calculation to say that they have
eight times the force there, that we have. Now
the effect of this bill is simply this: Even if our
squadron be withdrawn from the coast of Africa,
which this bill does not contemplate, it will put
eight times the fofce on the coast of Africa for the
suppression of the slave trade which exists there
now, because it deprives every slaver of American
nationality, and, in consequence of that,a foreign
cruiser can search her and seize her. Without
this alteration in the law, a foreign vessel cannot
seize, cannot search her. If she, as I stated the
other day, has a thousand slaves in her hold when
a foreign cruiser boards her, she cannot stop hep.
Then, Kir, the bill recommends itself at once, with-
out further discussion, to the humane consider-
ation of every gentleman present. I hope, with-
out further debate, it may pass now, in order that
it may go to the House of Representatives in time
to become a law during the session.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall vote
for this bill in the form in which it is now pre-
sented to the Senate; but still, I desire to make a
suggestion to the honorable Senator who has re-
ported it, which, if adopted, will meet my appro-
bation, and will, I think, make the bill much more
effectual. I think I am justified in saymg that
there is no commerce between the Atlantic coast
i of South America and the coast of Africa, m
which our vessels have been engaged, which is not
directly connected with the slave trade; or, in
other words, none of our vessels leave the Qouth
1 AmcricIRi Atlantic coast for Africa, except for the
purpose of participating in the slave trade.
| Tue bill, therefore, m my judgment, should be
! one absolutely prohibiting trade m American ves-
' sels between the South American Atlantic coast
and Africa, and forfeiting the vessel for any engage-
; mentm that commerce. Then, let the bill contain
' a further provision, that where any transfer has
been made in the islands adjacent to us the vessel
shall return home and take out new papers.
The object of granting sea-letters, I take it,
originally was to benefit the navigating interest,
to encourage ship building in the United States,in
order that American vessels might be sold abroad.
I so understand it. If a sale were made in a South
American port, as low down as Brazil, or lower,
and you were to compel that vessel to return to
the United States and obtain a bill of sale befoie
the transfer was made, you might find it impos-
sible, m many instances, to sell whereyou can sell
by grantiug a sea-letter. I would not, therefore,
