1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 5
without which, it is impossible to preserve our sys-
tem of self-government. In the memorable ses-
sion of 1849-'50, Mr. King voted for nearly all
the compromise measures as an act of devotion to
the National Union, without surrendering a single
cardinal point of the political faith which had
guided him through life, and had secured to him
the affection and attachment of the citizens of his
own State. The most important event in his politi-
cal history, was wiien he represented the United
States in the Court of France during a most inter-
esting and exciting period. It was well known that
the GovernmentsofEngland and France, severally
and jointly, opposed the annexation of Texas to
the American Union, and that similar instructions
had been given by these Uovernments to their re-
spective Ministers in Washington and Texas.
These instructions were, no doubt, intended to be
used with diplomatic effect; neither party seeming
at the time willing to proceed to extremities. Mr.
King, true to his American character, and to the
generous instincts of his nature, did not plunge
into the labyrinth of European diplomacy. He
had nothing to disguise, nothing to withhold,
nothing to ask for that was not just; and with the
straight-forwardness and dignity which ought al-
ways to characterize an American Minister
abroad, at once demanded of the King himself a
frank avowal of his intentions. Louis Philippe
might have been prepared to evade the artful ap-
proaches of a Talleyrand or a Richelieu; but he
had no means of refusing to answer a plain idea-
tion, honestly proposed by a foreign Minister,
whose official rank did not add the weight of a
feather to the volume of his private character. Mr.
Kikg received the desired reply as to the final course
the French Government meant to adopt should
Texas be annexed, and became at once satisfied
that our relations with France would not be dis-
turbed by the event. The King's reply was re-
ported to Mr. Calhoun, then Secretary of State,
and the annexation was accomplished, without
even a protest from any European Power. Sub-
sequently, when the diplomatic correspondence
was published, Mr. Guizot, then the French Pre-
mier, attempted to raise a question of veracity
between himself and Mr. King, in regard to the
reply given by Louis Philippe to our represent-
ative in Paris. But such was the character for
honesty and truth he had established for himself
during his short residence in the French capital,
and such the suspicions with which Mr. Guizot's
acts were viewed by the French public, that there
was not a single French paper which dared to doubt
the word of our Minister; and the aspersion was
only translated from an English paper, and pub-
lished in the French Government journal. Theob-
ject was merely to justify the policy of France as
against England; but oar Minister's straightfor-
ward course put an end to even that subterfuge.
He demanded, as a gentleman, that the King
should respect the assurance given him in regard
to Texas; and the King did respect it, and Mr.
Guizot furnished a copy of it m writing to Mr.
King. Thus did not only our Government, but
the person of our Minister, achieve a signal tri-
umph over the sinuous course of European poli-
tics ami statesmen.
Pending this controversy, it is said, Mr. Guizot
attempted to assuage Mr. King, by assuring him
that " he had often been told that he (Guizot)
lied." To which Mr. King modestly replied,
that "he had never been told so." French
appreciation of sarcasm had no difficulty in
discovering the true meaning of Mr. King's
caustic reply. I cannot but allude to his lund
and noble disposition to bring forward, and ad
vance the fortunes of young men, stiuggling up
in life. I have myself been the recipient of his
kindness in this respect. In all such relations he
never assumed the position of patron and client, j
It was not his position, but his heart which de- >
termined the place occupied by his friends, and ;
liis exalted character looked to no return of fa-
vors. After his election to the Vice Presidency, j
when lingering under a painful and mortal disease, i
in a foreign country, his thoughts naturally re- ;
verted to his own beloved Alabama. Once more he
wished to behold the sun of his country'—once more j
he desired to breathe the invigorating air of home.
Friend and kindred had followed him abroad; j
but he yearned for a wider circle of hearts beating
in unison with his own. The American people f
had taken a deep interest in his recovery. They I
had a pride in seeing him occupy the position to
which their suffrages had raised him. They had
an abiding confidence in his integrity as a states-
man, and a warm sympathy for his bodily suffer-
ings. With breathless anxiety did the people
receive the tidings of the progress of his illness,
and each note of sorrow, which traveled with the
velocity of light, found a painful echo in the public
breast. To the people of his country did the old
statesman and patriot return, to draw his last
breath. Once more he trod the soil of his home;
once more his eyes gladdened with the sight of
his native land, free, prosperous, and happy;
once more his heart beat with rapturous delight at
the future prospect and greatness of this glorious
Union. The strife and clamor of ruthless parti
sans had subsided; the olive leaf of peace had once
more spread her blessings over twenty-five millions
of contented beings; and as his dying lips mur-
mured a blessing on them all, his pure soul was
wafted to that unknown land, which, in the
midst of the busy scenes of his life, his Christian
heart always looked to as his last and surest
resting-place.
" Lives of great men all remind us
We can make our lives subhrae;
And departing, leave behind us
Footprints oo the sands of ume.
" Footprints that perhaps another,
Sailing o'er life's solemn main—
A forlorn and shipwrecked brother—
Seeing, shall take heart again.
u Let us, then, be up and doing,
With a heart for any fate;
Still achieving, still pursuing,
Learn to labor and to wait."
Mr. TA"VLOR, of Ohio, said:
Mr. Speaker, Death has so often invaded this
House during the six years which 1 have been a
member, that whenever a new Congress com-
mences, I am strongly impressed with the convic-
tion that some of our body, during their term of
service, must pay the debt of nature, and end their
lives in the public service. The Senate, though
only numbering sixty-two members, rarely passes
a session without being called upon to pay the
usual funeral honors to some one or more of its
members. Even the Executive mansion is not
unfrequently invaded by the King of Terrois; and
men m public siation are eveiywhere constantly
reminded, that foi life, and all their earthly bless-
ings, they are dependent upon Him " in whose
hand our breath is, and whose are all our ways."
The official announcement of the death of the
Hon. Wili i am H. King, late Vice President of the
United States, and the well-deserved eulogiesMhis
day pronounced upon his character, bring freshly
to our recollection the manly form and gentle-
manly beaiing of that distinguished man, and his
long and eminent public service.
With the incidents of his private life and history
I am not so familiar as to speak advisedly: but
his personal friends upon this floor have clearly
presented them for our consideration. 1 hud the
pleasure to know him for many years, as a public
man; and to meet him often in the social cucles of
this city. And though we differed widely in our
opinions upon some of the most important poli-
tical questions that have lately agitated the coun-
try, i always found him mingling moderation
with firmness, and a proper respect for the opin-
ions of those who differed with him. A just
and high sense of honor seemed to me to maik
his public and private career; and I cheerfully
express these \iewa of the distinguished man,
whose death we now commemorate, because I j
hold that no differences of opinion ln^ politics
should ever make us forget that we are all Ameri-
cans; that we are all under the protection of the j
same Constitution and laws, and must share alike j
the benefits or evils that may result from our pub- j
lie actions. A higher motive should always check j
a too great asperity of political feeling, and incul- [
cate a wise moderation and proper toleration to-
wards those who differ with us. For, after all, the
exertions of the wisest and the best men amongst
us are b«t transient; they are vain and futile, unless
sanctioned and approved by the great Author of
all good. Mr. King appea'red to me possessed,
in a high degree, of a wise moderation, and of a
tolerant spirit; and his long experience in publia
life made him eminently useful. He seemed to
me to combine, in a very high degree, the strictest
integrity and purest honor, with what the great
poet so admirably portrays—
" With all good grace to grace a gentleman."
Mr. ASHE rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: Having the honor to represent
the county in which William R. King was born,
and the larger portion of the district which first
returned him as a member of this House—having
enjoyed, in a manner grateful to my recollection,
his friendship and confidence, and being &t pres-
ent the representative of a numerous and highly
respectable kindred he left with us, I feel it a
solemn duty that I should not allow the present
occasion to pass without adding my humble but
heartfelt testimonial to the truthfulness of the
richly-deserved and high commendations which
have been bestowed on him by the honorable
gentlemen who have preceded me. After the
indulgence of obsequial griefs, which are a fit
tribute to departed worth, the soul thirsts to im-
mortalize, to assimilate to itself the noble and
virtuous endowments of deceased friends. Hence
we have, as the remains of a veHerable antiquity,
the most magnificent Egyptian pyramids, splen-
did Grecian mausoleums, Roman sepulchres of ex-
tensive dimensions; but these were designed to por-
tray the outward rather than the inward man. As
ancillary to the same end various expedients and
devices were adopted to perpetuate, to rescue from
the destruction of time the personal appearance,
after the soul had taken its flight. Vain imaginings!
Empty conceits! The recorded reminiscence of a
good work, of a charitable deed, of a benevolent
thought are worth more than a "Pelion uponOssa"
of such monuments. Posterity is grateful, and if
it can be benefited by any single incident of a
man's life, the character of the benefector will be
remembered and appreciated And if .his deeds of
goodness should fill a volume, posterity will never
weary in "turning the leaf to read it," and to
acknowledge its gratitude to the author. And
such a prized volume have we afforded us by the
life of William R. King; a contemplation of
which fills our hearts with gratitude,and inspires
us to rejoice, that, as one among us he lived, and
to sorrow, that " he is no more."
I believe it was Philip of Macedon who grate-
fully sacrificed to the gods that a son had been
born to him in time to derive instructions from the
great philosopher, Aristotle. If such was the ven-
eration of a barbarian warrior for a heathen phil-
osopher, how much move grateful should we feel,
both as statesmen and citizens, that our lots should
have been cast m the same horoscope with that of
Ciay, Calhoun, and King; in the history of each of
whom, " there is a philosophy teaching by exam-
ple," well-fitted to steer our frail bark down its
wayward course, clear of the dangerous rocks and
shoals, which are prone to wreck it. These dis-
tinguished compatriots, who, for nearly half a
century, commanded the admiration of the Ameri-
can world, though widely differing one from
another in peculiarities of character, yet each, in
his hie, left us a legacy which, the more we read,
the more we will appreciate.
The two former " having gathered together their
earthly harvest," previous to the adjournment of
the last Congress, have received from their ad-
miring friends that tribute of respect which we are
now called upon to render to the last. While we
do not claim for our distinguished friend either the
thrilling eloquence of Clay, or the philosophical
discrimination of Calhoun, yet, in the various po-
sitions which it was his fortune to fill, we find de-
veloped the true elements of moral and intellectual
greatness.
" Perhaps one of the highest encomiums ever
pronounced on a man in public life," said the late
John Gluincy Adams, " is that of a historian, emi-
nent for his profound acquaintance with man-
; kind, who, in painting a great character by a
| single line, says: ' He was just equal to all the
; duties of the highest offices which he attained, and
, never above them. There are, in some men, quail-
ties which dazzle and consume to little or no val-
uable purpose. These aeWom belong to the great
' benefactors of mandril'" Such were not the
' qualities of Colonel King; but in ail the relations
i of life, in every position he attained, he was fully
!, eqUa[ to their responsibilities, and discharged their
j varied duties with fidelity and ability.
| Colonel King was born in Samson county, m
