1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
and to whom shall be referred al! resolutions directing
the payment of money out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, or creating a charge on the same.
A Committee on Public Bilildinss, to consist of six mem-
bers who shall have power al<o to act jointly with the same
committee of the House of Representatives.
A Committee on Printing, to consist of three meinhers,
to whom shall be referred every question on the punting of
documents, reports, or other matter transmitted by either
ol the exective departments, and all memorials, petitions,
accompanying documents, together with all other matter,
the printing of winch shall be moved, excepting bills origi-
nating in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator,
communications from the Legislatures, or conventions law-
fully called by the respective Slates, and motions to print
by order of the standing committees of the Senate; and ex-
cepting, also, messages and other communications fiom the
Piesulentof the United States, and such reports and com-
munications from the heads of Departments, as may be
made to Congress or to the Senate in obedience to law, or
in answer to calls from the Senate ; and it shall be the duty
of such Committee on Printing to report in every case in
one day or sooner if practicable.
And a committee, consisting of three members, whose
duty it shall be to examine all bills, amendments, resolu-
tions, 01 motions before they go out of possession of the
Senate, and shall deliver the same to the Secretary of the
Senate, who shall enter upon the Journals that the same
have been correctly engrossed."
Mr. BRIGHT. The only change proposed by
this amendment to the 34th rule is, that fourteen
committees are enlarged to six members each.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now move to suspend so
much of the 35th rule as requires that the standing
committees shall be chosen by ballot, so that the
list which I hold in my hand may be received and
acted upon.
There being no objection, the rule was suspend-
ed, and Mr. Bright offered the following list of
committees for the present session; which was
agreed to.
On Foreign Relations—Messrs. Mason, (chair-
man,) Douglas, Slidell, Clayton, Weller, and
Everett.
On Finance — Messrs. Hunter, (chairman,)
Bright, Gwin, Pearce, Norns, and Badger.
On Commerce—Messrs. Hamlin, (chairman,)
Dodge of Wisconsin, Stuart, Seward, Clay, and
Benjamin.
On Manufactures—Messrs. Wright, (chairman,)
Allen, Fish, Butler, and Dixon.
On Agriculture—Messrs. Allen, (chairman,)
Hunter, Wade, Thomson of New Jersey, and
Morton.
On Military Affairs—Messrs. Shields, (chair-
man,) Weller, Fitzpatrick, Dawson, Johnson,
and Jones of Tennessee.
OnMilitia—Messrs.Houston, (chairman,) Dodge
of Wisconsin, Morton,Shields, andThompson of
Kentucky.
On Navul Affairs—Messrs. Gwin, (chairman,)
Maliory, Brodhead, Fish, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, and Bell.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Dodge of Iowa,
(chairman,) Stuart, Johnson, Foot, Walker, and
Clayton. • / i •
On Private Land Claims—Messrs. Pettit, (chau-
man,) Sebastian, Benjamin, Allen, and Thomp-
son of Kentucky. .
On Indian Affairs—Messrs. Sebastian, (chair-
man,) Walker, Adams, Cooper, Rusk, and
Toombs. \
On Claims—Messrs. Brodhead, (chairman,)
Clay, Chase, Pratt, Williams, and Wade
On Revolutionary Claims—Messrs. Walker,
(chairman,) Toucey, Cooper, Evans, and Dixon.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Butler, (cnatrman,)
Toucey, Bayard, Geyer, Pettit, and Toombs.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—Messrs. Rusk,
(chairman,) Brodhead, Hamlin, Morton, Adams,
and Smith " . .
On Roads and Canals—M§#Srs. Bright, (chan-
son, Chase, and Jones
man,) Slidell, Wright, Daws
of Tennessee.
On Pensions—Messrs. Jones, of Iowa, (chair-
man,) Clay, Foot, Williams, and Sumner
On, the District of Columbia—Messrs Norris,
(chairman,) Mason, Dawson, Bright, and liatt.
On Patents and the Patent Office—Messrs. James,
(chairman,) Evans, Stuart, Seward, Chase, and
Thompson of Kentucky.
On Retrenchment—Messrs. Adams, (chairman,)
Toucey, Fish, Fitzpatrick, and Badger. _
On Territories—Messrs. Douglas, (chairman,)
Houston, Johnson, Bell, Jones of Iowa, and
Everett.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate—Messrs. Evans, (chairman,) Dodge of
Iowa, and Foot.
On Public Buildings—Messrs. Bayard, (chair-
man,) James, Hunter, Badger, Thomson of New
Jersey, and Pratt.
On Printing— Messrs. Maliory, (chairman,)
Hamlin, and Smith.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Fitzpatrick, (chair-
man,) Pettit, and Wade.
On the Library—Messrs. Pearce, (chairman,)
Cass, and Bayard.
On Enrolled Bills—Messrs. Jones, of Iowa,
(chairman,) and Sumner.
PETITIONS.
, ' 'Mr. FOOT presented the petition of Rebecca
! Freeman, widow of Pearson Freeman, praying
! that her name may be placed on the pension roll,
j in consideration of the services of her husband
I during the revolutionary war; which was referred,
> with the accompanying papers, to the Committee
; on Pensions.
I Mr. EVERETT presented a petition of citizens
' of East Cambridge, Massachusetts, praying that
! provision may be made by law for cheap ocean
postage; winch was referred to the Committee on
1 the Post Office and Post Roads.
I Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citizens
! of North Brookfield, Massachusetts, in favor of
| cheap ocean postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Jacob
T. Smith, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
: Also, the petition of Ann L. Moor, widow of
; Henry Moor, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying
for a pension; which was referred to the Coinnut-
; tee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of American ladies resident
at the Sandwich Islands, members of the Stran-
gers' Friend Society, for the relief of indigent
seamen, praying that additional provision may be
made by law for sick and destitute foreign sea-
men discharged from the merchant service of the
United States; which, with the accompanying pa-
pers, was referred to the Committee* on Com-
merce.
Mr. SMITH presented the petition of James
Warden, praying for an increase of his pension;
which was referred to the Committe on Pensions.
Mr. CASS presented the memorial of Maria
Morell, widow of George More)!, one of the
judges of the supreme court of the Territory of
Michigan, praying compensation for the services
of her husband as a member of the board for the
adjustment of land titles in Detroit, &c.; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUiN'TER presented the memorial of
Robert C. Steptoe and others, of Virginia, and
of David Brown and others of Indiana, praying
satisfaction for lands granted by the State of Geor-
' gia, in 17tJ4, and afterwards ceded to the United
I States; which was referred to the Committee on
i Public Lands. . .
! Mr. MASON presented the petition of Richard
' W. Meade, administrator of Richard W. Meade,
i deceased, praying the payment of a debt due him
I by Spain; which was referred to the Committee on
1 Foreign Relations. .
i On motion by Mr. GWIN, the memorial pre-
1 sented bv him some days ago, fiom C. K. Garri-
son and others, ill reference to carrying the mails
from San Francisco to China, was taken from the
table, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the petition of Fran-
cis B. Ogden, United States Consul at Bristol, Eng-
land, praying to be remunerated for expenses of
removing from Manchester to Bristol, undei an
order from the Department of State; which was
referred to the Commit.ttee on Commerce.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented sev-
eral petitions of officers of the Army, praying an
increase of compensation; which were referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the proceedings of a meeting of the
soldiers of the wai of 1812, held m the city of
: Philadelphia, praying that one hundred and sixty
! acies of bounty land may be granted to each
' soldier who served during that war; which were
j referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
i Also, the petition of Michael Hennessey, pray-
! ing for a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mso, a petition of citizens of Dana and lovva
i counties, Wisconsin, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Ridgway, in Iowa, to
Primrose, in Dana County; which wa's referred
to the Committee on the Post OJfice and Post
Roads.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. I beg leave to present the
memorial of Messrs. Warren and others, intelli-
gent and enterprising citizens of California, pray-
ing for the endowment, by the General Govern-
ment, of an Agricultural College, in the State ot
California, upon a permanent basis, with ample
means to sustain the necessary professors of the
several branches of science. I move that this
memorial be referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT, laid before the Senate a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Treasury, relative to
'[ the manner of paying Senators; which was re-
' ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a communication from the State Depart-
ment, transmitting a copy of the laws passed by
the Legislature of the Terrltoryof Oregon, at its
last session; which was referred to the Committee
oh the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That Thomas M. Tayloe have leave to wilb-
i draw from the files of the Senate his petition and the ac-
companying papers, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs*.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, ThntE. P. S. Sanger have leave to withdraw
his petition ami paper** from the files of the Senate, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Naval Affaivs.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, it was
Ordered, That Thomas Pcmber have leave to withdraw
fiom the files of the Senate his petition and papers, and
that they be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That Joseph Gideon have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers from the files of the Senate, ana
that they be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Samuel H.
Hempileaeh he vvithdiawn from the files of the Senate, ana
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Me. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the brig Kate
Boyd he withdrawn from the files of the Senate, a d re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered. That the petition and accompanying papers fn
the case ot fnscilla D. SiinomU be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of John Kiddle and
Jonathan Kersey be withdrawn from the files of the ben-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Pfcbhc Lauds.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Oidered, That the papers in the ease of Hiram Moore
and John Hascall be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Patents and the Pat-
ent Office.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered. That the papers m the case oi A. Purivicr be
witbdiawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
' Ordered, That the petition and papers of Wiilard Boyn-
■ ton be withdrawn from the file? ot the Senate, andreierrea
! to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
i On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
! Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of Samnel
! Hushes be withdrawn from the fifes of the senate, and
j referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That leave be "ranted to withdraw
in the case of Captain Hiram Paulding from the file* ot the
Senate, and that they be referred to the Committee on Na
va) Affairs.
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was
r\ j j rpin>t thf* nnnpisin the case of*James Chapman,
Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DIXON, it was
rt 'pi,,  (]->p naners in the case of Jeremiah rl
a hr ut fn htawn S the files of the Senate and re
i'erred to the Committee oil the Post Oihce and Post Itoada
' On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of Mrs. bvans,
dmchter of Colonel Anthony W. White, and the papers ill
the cane of Nancy Holker.be withdrawn from the hies of
