1596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 1,
former Cortes, which sat in Cadiz during the years 1811
Ahd 1812. The Cortes deemed itself especially hound to
seb such engagements complied with : and the said Meade
was considered as more than commonly meritorious, having
been unjustly persecuted on account of the services he had
rendered the Spanish nation. The deponent adds, that
the Cortes founded their right to vacate, as to the individ-
ual grantees, the cessions of land in Florida above referred
to, and to reserve them for the nation, to be devoted to any
purpose that might be deemed just and proper, upon the
law called reversion and incorporation, well known m the
history and legislation of Spain since the fourteenth cen-
tury—a law which converts into national property what-
ever the prodigality of the monarchs might confer on their
favorites, as happened with those termed Enrequenas, and
with many others."
The whole of the deposition goes to prove most
fullyand distinctly that that was the understanding
of the Cortes. Another deposition, that of Don
Ajvaro Flores Estrade, is to the same effect; and
there are atill others which likewise go to prove
the same. Don Alvaro Flores Estrade deposes
that he is in possession of most indisputable proof
that the Cortes of Madrid acceded to the ces-
sion of the Floridas on the basis that the claim
of Richard W. Mende should be satisfied by the
Government of the United States. It should be
known, and 1 desire gentlemen who feel an inte-
rest in the matter to note, that the first treaty, the
treaty of February 22, 1819, ceded to the United
States the two Floridas; but, of course, did not
cede with them the private rights, the fee-simple,
which had been granted to three distinguished
Spaniards. But, between the negotiations of 1819 j
and those of 1820, the Cortes of Spain, by the (
exercise of a power granted to them by an old •
law of that country, took back the lands which !
the King of Spain had granted to these three no- '
blemen, and included them in the grant of the j
Floridas to the United States; and that is what |
this deponent alludes to when he says that, hav- 1
ing withdrawn the land from these individuals, j
and having included it in the cession made to !
the United States, Richard W. Meade was j
to be, as if he had said therefore, he was to be, j
paid the full amount of money due to him from ,
bpain by the Government of the United States [
because of such an extraordinary grant of the !
best lands in Florida. 1
Mr. Chairman, I have examined this claim with
more care than 1 usuallygive to casesof this kind.
I hove examined it with the assistance of a law-
yer's eyes. 1 have examined it with a conscien-
tious desire to bring to this House nothing more
than was justice, and nothing more than what I
should endeavor to do, in all honesty, to persuade
this House of the amount justly due to the claim-
ant. When this was decided in Spain when the
treaty was signed, it was generally understood
that Mr. Meade had no longer any claim upon
the Government of Spain. The understanding,,
of course, arose from a report of the committee of
Cortes and the action oftliat body. He returned,
at once to this country, and made arrangements
to present his claims before the commission ap-
pointed in pursuance of the provisions of that
treaty. At the proper time he called upon the
commissioners—or waited upon that court, which
is a more proper expression—with his claim.
After some consideration, they asked him for the
vouchers of his claim. He presented to them the
order upon the Treasury, signed by the King of
Spain. lie pre.sented it to them with the same
confidence that you would present to the Treasury
of the United States any token of indebtedness;
a Treasury note, or any certificate of loan, signed
by the proper officer of this Government. But
the commissioners hesitated. They said: "These
are not the vouchers of the original debt; and the
law, which is based upon that treaty, the treaty
itself, gives us the right to claim those vouchers."
They did claim them.
Mr. Meade, pursuing his rights, addressed a
letter to the Spanish Minister, asking him to sup-
ply him with the ways and means of presenting
those vouchers, that he might lay them before the
commission. Indignant at the insult, as he con-
sidered it; indignant that any one should refuse
to comply with the order, and dare to go behind
the record, he refused. The court was all the
time acting—or, what is more like a commis-
sion'—was waiting for the supply of these vouch-
ers, that they might decide upon the credit of that
claim. They had ceased to doubt that it was in-
cluded, but they thought they had the right to
demand the vouchers; and the fact that they de-
manded the vouchers is proof that they considered
the claim included in the treatv The Secretary of ' ami for t,lat PurPose am willing to continue the cause. If
tne Claim tnctuuen in tne treaty, xneoeuieiaiyui . w[_ can procure more evidence, xtis well; we shall have
State of the United States undertook the affair. ; greater certainty in our ultimate decision. If we cannot
He addressed our Minister at the court of Spain 11 procure more, we must come to the best conclusion in our
to call upon the Government and demand the i! power, from the proofs as they now exist, as to the validity
vouchers: The Spanish Government delayed, H of the claims and the extent of allowance."
and stood upon its dignity—a very small standing
point it proved, but the Government finally yielded,
and promised to supply them.
She sent her orders to the several officers to
supply the American Minister with the vouchers
from the courts. Those orders were reluctantly
given, and were very tardily obeyed. No vouchers
came. Mr. Meade grew restive. The Govern-
ment again interfered. Our Minister there, at
length, when the commission was approaching its
termination, again interfered, and the Spanish
Government offered a part of it, and pleaded, as
an excuse for not giving the whole, that there
was a great deal of difficulty in complying with
Why, if Mr. Meade had no claim, if he was
not included in the cession, was Judge White
willing to allow him to take measures, or them to
take measures, to prove the claim ? If he believed
that Mr. Meade was not included in it; if Judge
White believed that he had no claim on them by
the agreement of the Cortes of Spain and our Min-
ister, their duty, his duty would have been—and
none knew it better than Judge White—to reject
the whole concern, and reject it whether right or
wrong, good or bad, faithful or unfaithful. He
should havesaid, " We have nothing to do with it.
The whole question is between Mr. Meade and
the Government of Spain; and Mr. Meade and
the demand, from the fact that the court had !'the Government of Spain must make a settlement
changed from Seville to Cadiz, and thence to || of it." This must strike the attention of every
Madrid, so that the v^hole archives of those :: gentleman who hears me. They admitted that he
courts were in confusion. They found it difficult, j was included if he had a claim on Spain; I assert
' that he had a claim, and now ask, by the bill I have
they found it impossible, at that time, to supply
I the vouchers. The vouchers were necessary, j
| absolutely necessary, to establish the claim. 1
j Mean time, as I have said, the time when this j
I commission was to expire grew near. The law,}
: which gave it existence, gave it existence only for j
! such a time. The board wrote a letter to Mr
! Meade, confessing that, in their judgment, the claim
I was just, but at the same time denying the proof
I of that justice. Ifit was founded upon justice, un-
■ doubtedly. But the time to which the commission
| was limited m its existence expired, the money
I was distributed among the other claimants, and
| Mr. Meade was left to seek justice from other
soui'ces. The letter from the chairman of the
| commission is worth reading. He speaks of it as
j a just claim, but states that it was impossible for
| the commission to allow it, in consequence of the
i want of these proofs
presented, that hemay be allowed to prove that he
had.
Now, sir, I am aware—I hear it while I am
talking—I am aware that while I have quoted to
this committee the language of the members of
the Cortes, there is objection made that Mr. For-
syth, our Minister at the time to Spain, does not
agree to it; that he does not think that that was
the language, Nothingis more clear in the affida- "
vits presented in the report than the assertions of
four or five of the members of the Cortes that,
on the understanding of the Spanish Cortes, the
Spanish King was authorized to ratify the treaty
of 1819, which was renewed in 1820. And, sir,
an honorable gentleman, a month or two since,
asserted on this floor that Mr. Forsyth did not
allow that any such agreement had been made.
Mr. Forsyth, after his return, and when this
These vouchers did not make their appearance; jj matter had come into discussion between the See-
but is that, any excuse for not doing justice to this
claimant? Suppose Spain had, in the progress of
events, refused to give up the Floridas. Suppose,
after reflection, she had come to the conclusion
that it would be better for her to retain possession
of them, and sell the fee-simples out to purchas-
ers. /They would have been valuable. But if
Spain had done this, everybody knows that an
appeal to arms to enforce the treaty woujd have
been the result.
Now, sir, I believe that no one part of a treaty
is more binding upon the parties than another.
And u was the duty of this Government, when it
had made a treaty, to enforce it in all its provisions.
It was not only our duty to insist upon the giving
up of the Floridas by Spain, but it was our duty
to insist upon the carrying out in every respectali
the stipulations contained m the treaty. One of
retary of State and the Marquis de Case Yrujo,
ji bore this testimony:
"Richard W. Meade having submitted to my examina-
h tion a deposition of Joseph Moreno de Guerra, dated at
j Philadelphia, the 23d day of April, 1824, and taken before
11 Francis ilopkmson, and by him reduced to writing: On
j that part of the deposition which relates to myself, I cer-
!j tify that I have no recollection of any conversation with
i [ Joseph Moreno de Guerra and Thomas Isturio, both of
whom were deputies of the Cortes in 1820, in relation to
j; Mr. Meade's claim. No persons ever presented themselves
11 tome^s a committee of the Spanish Cortes, during my
; j residence in Madrid as the Minister of the United States.
;i 1/I ever had any conversation with tho^e deputies on the
i subject of the Florida treaty, 1 am entirely unconscious
] j that they spoke with me by the authority of that body, or
, j that any importance was attached to the opinion I might
j! express. It is proper (o add, that I should have stated,
on such application, that I believe Mr. Meade's claim
j! was provided for in the treaty of cession. Thi* opinion
was freely expressed to all who conversed with me, and
those stipulations was that Spain should give up ! ^ p^ee°o^. Kia 'SiSSj
these vouchers; ana it was the duty of the Uov- | satioii I distinctly recollect was held with Martinez de la
ernment to insistupon their beinggiven up. Spain :! Rosa, nlen a deputy of the Cortes, and of the commission
held these vouchers, which were against herself. !. to whom was referred the treaty ofltjl9.
RntSn.i  Havinglearned, by accident, that an attempt was about
to be made to make a distinction tavorable to Meade, be-
But Spain delayed—this Government delayed
the commission delayed. Mr. Meade, however,
did not delay. He was early, constant, and un-
failing in his applications for these vouchers.
But, sir, they were, as 1 said, delayed. The com-
mission delayed. They met one day, and did not
meet another day. At the end of eight months
they had done something. At the end of a,year
'i they had done something more, and so it went on.
jj Mr. Meade suffered by the negligence of thecom-
I mission, and suffered still more from the negligence
jj of his own Government to enforce the treaty,
j They were bound to enforce it; and shall we allow
!, them to take advantageof their own error? Shall
I we allow the Government to do what would not
:j be allowed between individuals f
ij Mr. "White, the president of the board ofcom-
i' rnissioners, said:
|! "I cannot sec that anything has been either said or done.
; i by any of those officers, by which this claim is to be treated
,, different fiom what it would have been if they had been
ji entirely ignorant of this award at the time the tieaty was
! | finally ratified. Although I am unwilling to trust thi^ evi-
j Uerice as at present furnishing any evidence of the validity
} of these contract?, their terms, or the extent of eompensa-
! { tion for a violation of them, yet, believing as I do, from the
{j other testimony, that Mr. Meade has a well founded claim,
h or at least a claim which the Spanish Government consjd-
jj ered well founded, f am perfectly willing to require any
I document from that Government which there is reason to
II think they possess which will elucidate those transactions;
tween hi* claim and the claims of other persons embraced
in the treaty, I expressed my conviction to Mr. De la Rosa
that the claim was just, and was provided for by the treaty,
but that it ought to be left to share the same tdte, as to its
payment, with the equally just claims of other citizens ol
the United Stales. The Corte? deliberated in secret ses-
sion on the subject of the treaty of 1819, and of Mr. Meade's
claim. The little information I could obtain of what was
done was communicated to my own Government, and is on
file in the Department of State. From the nature of the case,
I did not consider myself at all answerable for the correct-
ness of the information procured and communicated.
"The conversation I had with Mr. De la Eosa was not
considered by me as of sufficient importance to be communi
rated to the Secre'taiy of State m any of my letters written
at Madrid; nor has it ever been stated in writing to the
Department since my return home.
u I wish it to be clearly understood that f do not question
the accuracy of Joseph Moreno de Guerra's statement fur-
ther than relates to my conversing with him and Mr. Istu-
rio as a committee from the Cortes. The Cortes may have
given them such a commission, and the conversation may
have been held in consequence thereof; if it was, I have
no recollection of it, and do not know that they were con-
versing with me officially, and certainly did not say more
than that Mr, Meade's claim was included in the treaty of
1819."'
Mr. Forsyth says, in this affidavit, that no
persons ever called upon him as members of the
Cortes, Three or four gentlemen called upon him,
but he does not know that he stated what they
said years afterward he did state. He thinks
that he told them that he asserted it only as Mr.
