30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 12,
portions it is very handsome, and the soil ot most excel-
lent quality. Through the whole length of this valley runs
a tula marsh, which expands in some places into lakes.
These lakes aie, during most of The time, connected by a
siugai-h stream of water, and borderd by marshes of tula,
but during verv dry seasons, these canals or channels are
dry, and the lakes are warty or quite so. A Mr. Anderson
tells me he crowed the valleyfrom east to west, to about the
middle, iu 1&44, and found the whole valley dry, with no
water from mountain to mountain. The average distance
from the Sierra Nevada, on the east to this marsh, is about
twice as great as the distance from the marsh to the coast
range of mountains on the west. As theie are no streams
making down from the coast range into this marsh, except
in very wet weather, the whole of that portion west of the
Tula lakes i<? worthlesssin the extreme.
The proportion, then, of this immense valley which can
possibly be looked upon as inhabitable is small indeed—in
all not more than three hundied and peventy-five square
mile5?, or one twentieth part. With the exception of the
places above-mentioned, there is little or no timber through-
out the length and breadth of fhe whole valley. The In-
dians throughout this valley (and the same inay be said of
those in all this part of California) appear to have no par-
ticular name for any of their lakes, rivers, plains, or mount-
ains, but call that one, or that portion of efther occupied
by them, after the name of the particular tribe orranchena
living there The names thus derived of those portions of
the aoove-mentioned GieatTulare marsh, where it expands
into lakes, are, commencing at the north, Tache, Clin ta-
che, Clio-i&m, Tu-lum-ne or Kern, arid Tu-Ifi-ris (com-
monly called Buena Vista) lakes. Kern river, near where
it expands into Kern lake, is called, by the Indians, Po-
sin-cu-la; higher up, the La-ha hen; and in the mount-
ains, Chi ma wee-ya. Pose creek is called How-che, or
Haughch-che. Itis a great pity that the Indian names of
the different natural features of the country could not be
preserved, instead of replacing them by those of psuedo
discoverers, who take this means of gratifying a prurient
desire for fame, at a great expenditure of good taste, com-
mon sense, and common justice. In a tew years more
these Indian names will be all that remains of a once pow-
erful but rapidly decreasing people, victims ot cruelty, in-
justice, and the various diseases which follow m the wake
«f civilization. The Indians that live in this valley, re-
side, for the most pari of the time, along the base ot the
mountains. They have no permanent residences down in
the plains, on account of the great annoyance which they
experience from the mosquitoes, ants, and other insects.
They come down, however, at the proper seasons to fish and
gather the roots of the tula, wild rice, and grass seeds, for
food. (Jpori these, together with the acorns on the mount-
ains, and a hltlc game which ihcy contrive to kill, they
manage to eke out a most miserable existence; but when
veiy hard oft* for food, they are compelled to resort to theft.
They have the reputation of being most accomplished
thieves; but I know, from the best authority, that a great
deal of the credit they have obtained tor this kind of ras-
cality is justly due lo a class of Americans stopping on the
Four creeks, King's liver, and at some other points as far
north as Stockton—particularly as to the stealing of hordes,
mules, and cattle. Among those to whom the most credit
should be given, are two men, partners ui business. (what
busimsi deponent saith not,) by the name of Dick Boat-
rights and J. S. Hawkins. Tfoe^e two men live on the
Merced river, below Snelhng's rancho. They make, as
do many others 01 the same stamp, a periodical visit
to the -vicinity of the Tejon pass, bring down a few
goods, and a quantity of hquois, and always go back
with a number of horses and mules which they say they
have purchased from the Indians, but that some one has
stolen them is shown by the fact of none having been
visited witiv the brand ot the owner. However, after they
get further north, they manage to get an it on, which sei ves
the purpose of a vent; a piece of common hoop iron can
be veiv easily bent so as 10 answer the purpose denned.
Before I proceed any further, I am going to ask myself
several questions. What is the necessity or use of Fort
ft!/Heras a garrison post? What are the objects to be ac-
complished by having troops there? As they are at present
located, can those objects be accomplished ? If not, what
more advantageous position can be selected ? 1 say 1 ask
Myself these questions, because I have formed my own
ideas upon the different points, or rather have presumed
that such and such was the case.
1 would say that as to actual necessity, there is none ;
and their only use is, to act as a sort <>f nucleus for about a
hundred lazy, shiftier vagabonds who con>titme ►* Mug-
ginsviiio,"or " Millerstown." The Indians m that vicinity
—and I am surprised at their paucity—are very peaceable,
(in fact they are too much diseased to be otherwise,) and
weiethey not, the white men more than equal the Indians
iu numbers, men, women, and children.
i?ome of the objects to be accomplished aie, I pie«umo,
to protect the Indians fiom the white man'sabine, and the
whites from the Indians' retaliation, commonly called out-
rages or depredation*. To prevent the Indians from the
mountains fiom stealing fiom the inh ibitants on the plain?,
or iroui any oiher section of country, or to keep peace
amongst the different tubes or llancherias.
As to the possibility of accomplishing these objects, I, of
course, cannot say ; but I can say that they ate not ac-
complished, nor do [ think it possible for the troops at Fort
Miller to accomplish tlicm. Twill explain: There is no
business earned on in California inoie successfully than
that of hor<e stealniii by Indians and white horse thieve*
in this section of conntiy, and no section, so long as it is
occupied by those whose business it should be to check it
an much as possible, presents more advantages lor the
business.
The Indian thieves live along the east side of the coast
range, from the Cajon pass up as fai as the Tejon pass,
and along the east fide of the Siena Nevada as tar noith
as the head waters of the Merced and Tuolumne nvers.
These Indians are all connected together; but the laigest
arid worst band live just north of the head water*, of
Kern river, and m the vicinity of a Iar e lake, probably
the one put down on Fremont's map "(Frdmont never
was there, though a portion of his party was) as Owens's
lake. They are called the Sey-pan-te-se tribe, and in the
Indian language the Mez-tene-os, (or bad Indians.) Now
imagine youiself in Tejon pass, to the north you have the
great Tular and San Joaquin valleys, to the east the eastern
slope of the Sierra Nevada, to the south the eastern slupe
of the coast range, and to the southwest and west, the
passes of San Francisco and Walker's pass, leading to Los
Angeles, and Santa Barbara respectively. (This last pass
is named after ail Indian chief, called Wal-ke-ra, and by
Americans perverted into Walker's; and is ihc Walker's
pass of the coast range, not of the Sierra Nevada. lie is
from the river Severn, and the most expert horsn-tluef m
all California. He is a Eutaw chief, speaks Spanish, and
ha3 a large band with him ; and several of the ltancheros,
amongst whom is Williams, pay him tribute or black mail.)
Pioin this point you can go with wagons in each ot the
directions mentioned, except to Santa Barbara. Bear m
mind the fact, that the mountain Indians are those who
steal and commit all the depredations, (though those in the
plains may be cognizant ot the act,) and also that they live
on the east side of the mountain range. They go to the
southern country, steal animals, run them out ot the Cajon
or San Fianeisco passes, bring them north, run some of
them into the Tulare valley, through the Tejon pass, dis-
pose of thorn to traders, (many of whom are deserters fiom
the army,) and take the rest on north and cache them near
the head waters of the Merced and Tuolumne rivers, and
then at their leisure dispose of them to these or other
Americans and CaliforniAns. A large proportion ot the
animals stolen are killed for food, or used by the Indians as
saddle animals. Among these horse thieves are a great
many Indians who were brought up on the missions ; they
speak the Spanish language, and are commonly great ras-
cals. Now, the nearest practicable way to get at any of
these Indians, starting fiom Fort Miller, is to go by this
point: fift} miles from the Tejon pas-;. (It is said, with what
ti nth I know not, that horses are stolen from the uorth, and
taken to the south by the same routes.) In fact, tor all
movements against these Indianshvmg between the Cajon
pass on the south, and Catson valley on the north, the
Tejon, or Walker's pass, (though I think the touner by far
the preferable location,) appears to be the two best points
from which to start; and as the great s.ind plain on the east,
rut! the coast range on the west, necessarily foice all trav-
elers by land between the above-mentioned limits, to go by
tint point it is most admirably adapted for all the purposes
of a frontier post. There is an amount of good laud sufficient
for raising a supply of grain, or supporting a number of
animals adequate for all practicable purposes. The dis-
tance from San Pedro, to Los Angeles, is twenty-seven
miles, and from Los Angeles, to the Tejon pass, but eighty-
five, and all but a few miles a mo^t excellent and level
wagon road, with plenty of grass, water, and wood:
it buing at an elevation of seveial hundred feet above
the valley, the wind blowing ftesb most of the year,
and no marshes in the vicinity, nothing should pre-
vent it from being one of the most healthy spon in the
healthiest country in the world. Fiom what I have
aheady said, you can readily imagine what would be my
answer to the last question. Another idea has struck me
very forcibly, this point—the Tejon pass—is right in
the'midst oi the very Indians who go to Jurupa, (a post
garrisoned by fifteen or twenty soldiers, and within nfle
shot of a settlement of five hundred stalwait, two-fisted
Mormons,) and steal animals almost every moon. Thus,
then, stands the case: The Indians which the troops sta-
tioned at Fort Miller will hereafter have to watch over, live
to their east and south, and those under the charge of those
stationed at Jurupa, come from their north. How would
it work to bring those from the former place one hundred
and seventy-five miles south, and those from the bitter
plT.ce.one hundred and twenty five miles north, where they
would be joined in one body, and furnished with supplies
from San Pedro by wagons, one hundred and twelve
miles, or from Santa Barbara by pack mules, about eighty
five miles, or from Memphis, by raihoad, distance un-
known ? Each would then be in the very best position
to accomplish the objects most necessary, and to perform
the duties which will hereafter devolve upon them.
. Between Walkei's pas.-. and the Tejon pass, and about
thnty miles distant from each, there is plenty of pine
timber for building purpose ; and although it is in the
mountains is accessible. I am thoroughly convinced, that
could the General form his ideas from actual obseivation,
be would agree with me in mo-tot the views I have advanced
above ; and I have not the slightest doubt but that the posts
of Fort Miller and Jurupa will be bioken up within a year
from this time.
Lieutenant Williamson is getting along remarkably well
with his survey, fie has completed his reconnoi-s^auoo of
all that portion of the Sierra Nevada fiom the head of JOm
river to the coast range, and a most thorough one he has
made. Walker's pass is of no account at all. He will
pioeeed, as soon a« the wagons arrive from Fort Miller with
the subsistence, stores, (and what detains thein I cannot
contrive, for they are now due six days,) to run several
lines of levels tluough the different passes in the vicinity of
the Tejon. Nothing as yet has been heaid fiom Beal.
The body of the man who strayed from Lieutenant McLean's
party, was found on the plains between Kem rivci and the
Tejon. The weather is quite w.nm, varying from 93° lo
1(1;')" at mid day, and in the cool shade, and from -15° to GO0 at
sunrise in the moimng. Although the difleience of tem-
perature during twelve hours has been as great a-s 50", yet
this great change is hardly felt. If has been raining for the
last ten day--, «r a fortnight, over in the basin or plain be-
yond the mountains, some days quite hard. We had con-
sumable of a shower here on the 17th mutant, lasting about
three hours, and wetting the ground an inch or more in
depth. Please excuse my prosiness and fieedom of <*peoch;
and should the communication contain any ideas you may
consider worthy of attention, you can make what use of
them you may think proper.
I remain, very trulv and respectfully,
GEORGE aTO.VEMAN,
Fiist Lieut. Dragoons.
Major O. Cross, Quartermaster U. S. Jlrmy.
I have, in addition to these interesting state-
ments, notes of Mr. Aubrey's expedition from the
Tejon pass to the Rio del Norte, at Albuquerque,
which I will read to the Senate:
NOTES BY F. X. AUBREY.
Tejon Pass, July 10th, 1853.—As the country between
this point and San "Francisco is well known, I have kept
no minutes of mv journey thus far. We crossed the Sierra
Nevada at the Tejon pass, which is about the thirty-fifth
parallel of latitude, and about fifty miles south of Walker's
pass. From this point, we will travel east until we reach
the Rio Grande, at Albuquerque, New Mexico. It is well
to remark that, unfortunately, there is no one with us who
knows anything of the country through which we must
pass, and we could not obtain any information in regard to
it. My party consists of eighteen men—twelve Americana
and six Mexicans. Messrs. Tuily, of Santa F6} and Adair,
of Independence, have joined us for a pleasure trip. We
use pack animals entirely, having neither waggon nor car-
riage.
July 11.—Left the pass, and made twelve miles east, over
a level, gravelly, and sandy soil, and found a spring of good
water.
July 12.—Traveled twenty miles eastward. The country
similar to that of yenterday ; we met with no timber, but
found several springs of fresh water; there is timber in the
mountains, about the Tejon pass, but none on the eastern
side of them.
July 14.—Traveled to-day thirty-five miles east, and
struck ffie Mohave river, where we found plenty of good
water. This river souvetimes disappears in its course, whilst
atothprsit contains as much as two feet of water. There
is a little cottonwood timber upon its banks, and cane-
brakes in great abundance. The cane is not of the large
species.
The Mohave takes its rise in the San Bernardino
mountains, which lie to the south of us, and after pursuing
a northern course to a point a little north of our present
camp, turn suddenly east, and soon south of east, to empty
into the gieat Colorado. Found good grass for our animals.
Made twenty miles back along the Mohave, and found
water, timber, and grass abundant.
July 15.—0 'ntuiued along the river about eighteen miles
further in a direction nearly east; then leaving the Mohave
to our right, we traveled fifteen miles northeast. Met with
abundance of grass, a little timber, and a few miles of fer-
tile land, along the river. There is no water in the bed of
the stream, but it may be had by digging a few feet. Found
wild cane from time to tune. Encamped without watei,
gjass, or wood.
July 16.—Still puisuing a noitheastern course. We trav-
eled to day thirty-five miles, over a level, giaveliy soil.
We have'deviated from our due east course, in order to
avoid a region of sand hills that lie to our right, and di-
rectly between us and the great Colorado. The weather is
very hot, and no rain has fallen since we left the pass. So
far we have met with neither Indians nor came of any
kind. We obtained a little water about half way m our
day's journey, but saw no timber or grass.
July 17.—Made thirty-three miles, noitheast, over a
level, gravelly country; about half way, obtained a little
very bad water. No grass or timber m sight during the day ;
but at night we obtained good water, grass, and wild cane.
Prairie mountains he on both sides of the trail.
July 18.—Traveled twenty miles, still northeast, over a
level country. Saw but little good land, and no timber.
Alter traveling about five miles, we found good spring water,
but encamped witnout any.
July 19.—Course still northeast; distance, thirty-two
miles, country level, soil inferior; grass and water, but no
timber.
July 20.—Made twenty miles northeast, over a IpvpI,
gravelly country, and obtained good spring water and grass.
Saw no timber.
July 21.—Were detained in camp all day, by the sick-
ness of one of the men.
July 22.—Traveled twenty miles east southeast, most
of the distance through a little canon, where we found
grass, water, and cane in abundance, and struck the gieat
Colorado of the west. The river, at this place, is over
three hundred yards m width, and has from ten to fifteen
feet water in the channel. Its banks are entirely destitute
of timber and glass: in fact, no vegetation is met with ex-
cept a small shrub called ckamezo by the Mexicans, and
I beiieve artemisia by botanists. We were very fortunate
in striking the river at a point where there are neither can-
ons nor mountain.*; although the country appears very
rough and mountainous, both to the north and south of us.
To the north, the rocks are black and irregular, and seem
to be volcanic; wbust the clilxs to the south are of red
sand-stone. The banks, at the crossing, are low, rocky,
and unchanging, and the cm rent exceedingly rapid.
We followed the uver up for five miles, and selected a
crossing wheie it is some two hundred yaids wide and
twenty or twenty-five feet deep. We succeeded in find-
ing a little drift wood, of which we made a raft. Four
men took charge of it, and it was carried some three miles
with the current b«M'oie it could be landed. The heights
were covered with Indians, in readiness to shoot us down.
I started down with tour men to follow the laft, and protect
the men who were upon it, having ordered the <.;inip to
move down in haste. Having unloaded the raft upon the
eastern bank, the men reerossed the river, and we selected
a camp opposite the place wheie the baaaaae was de-
posited, and during the night kept up a constant fire with
our rifles across the river, and in this manner protected it
from the 1 ndians.
The animals were taken to the cro-eing I at firet se-
lected to swim the river. I took them up with three men
on the west bank, and four men received them on the op-
posite side. Thi.s detained u  half a daj; and altogether,
we were detained five days fiom crossing the nver.
The diifuwood of which we constructed our little raff,
appeared to have been cut by beaver?. These animals
must be exceedingly abundant, as they destioyed, during
the fiist night, tiie ropes with which our raft was bound to-
