1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
gether, and carried off the timber. The loss of the ropes I
was a great mconvenicncc to us. We net a guard after- '
war<K at night, over our second raft, to protect it from a
simiiar fate.
The river showed signs of having been some fifteen feet
higher than when we crossed it. ft is here a grand and
magnifiest stream—swift, like the Mississippi, and, appa-
rently, as well adapted to navigation.
The place of our crossing is well suited to bridging, or
ferriage by steam, or otherwise.
We saw no water fowl about the river, and only a few
antelope and black-tailed deer. East of Hie river we en-
countered a great many rattle-snakes; of an uncommonly
large size. They seem to be a new specie®, as their tails
are covered, for some six inches from the point, with al-
ternate white and black rings of hair or bridles', about a
quarter of an inch long.
According to my observations, the Colorado of the west
is <et down upon the map-; greatly to the east—perhaps as
rr.U ;h as one bundled and fifty miles.
The Indian^ were constantly in sight, and watching our
movements. They could not be induced to approach us;
but assured us, acioss the river, that they were Mohaves.
On one occasion, while at rest for a few minutes in a
deep gulley, about a mile from the crossing on the west
side of the river, a Mexican mule-boy discovered some-
thing glistening upon the ground, which, on examina-
tion, proved to be gold. We at onee,commenced washing
sand in ourtm-cups, and in every one dUeoveied paitides
of gold. This gold was discovered in a dark, coarse sand,
and a black, heavy sand \ra" found in the cup after wash-
ing away the gravel. The sandy soil was so compact, that
we could riot dig it up with our fingers. The Indians being
still on the heights neai us, and our party being separated
by the river, the danger wa« so great 'hat we could not re
main longer at this spot. I intended to return again, but
the Indians became so numerous that it was impossible to
do so. This gulley is on the right bank of the river, and
the h *ad of it is m'a very rough and rugged mountain.
Julij 27.—We washed  and on the east side of the river,
and found gold in greater abundance than on any previous
occasion. "1 myself washed a tin cup full of jellow clay,
and found about twenty five cents' worth of pure metal.
7'he Mexican boy, on washing a frjmg-pan full of coaise
sand, found from forty to fifty particles of pure gold, some
of which were as large as the head of a pin. We took the
clay and sand from the top Of the ground without digging.
The appearance of the country also indicates gold ; made
no further examination, as our animals had subsisted for
five days upon the chamezo, without a blade of grass, and
our provisions had been damaged m the Colorado, which
must cause us to travel several days without anything to
eat.
To day we made ten miles east. The country is with-
out wood, water, or grass.
July 28 —Two of our men being sick, we were compelled
t,o return to the river on th«-ir account. Struck it come fif-
teen miles bplow the crossing, and found that from near
that point it makes a considerable bend towards the east.
The country here does not indicate gold, noi could we
find any on washing the sands.
July 29.—The condition of our sick men obliged us to
remain in camp all day. Our animals were in a starving
condition, us theie is not a particle of grass on or near the
river.
July 30.—Left tjje river and traveled fifteen miles east
and five miles northeast. A sick Mexican was so much
disabled thai we were compelled to make for a mountain
north of us which indicated water; but we found neither
water, timber, nor grass.
July 31. —Traveled eight miles northeast, and struck a
large stream, but much smaller than the Coloiado, coming
ftom the east southeast, and Minimis north northwest.
This stream inav be what the Mexicans designate a* the
Jiio Grande <1e las Apaches, and what the Americans have
recently called the Little Re<1 rirer.
One of mv Mexicans followed this stream a few miles,
and s' ys that it empties into the Coloiado seven or eight
miles below camp, and that there is below us a valley of
good soil and grass in abundance. Where we struck this
stream there is neither timber nor grass.
In the evening we traveled five miles south, to avoid
mountains, and a« many east. The country wi*s level, but
without grass or timber.
The mountains, or, perhaps more properly, lull*, that we
have thus far met with, are nothing more than elevations of
various form* and dimensions, dispersed in a detached and
irregular manner over a vast and otherwise uninterrupted ;
plufeau. Hence I have constantly termed the countiy 1
level, and very properly, as it may he traversed in all direc-
tions among the solitary and deiaehed elevations or mouut- I
anis without Die neces-Jty of crossing them. ;
I.—Traveled twenty miles east, and found a ;
spring ot good water. The grass was abundant, and cedar ]
tiees w< re se *n on the highlands. The country is level '
and the soil inferior. I
jlugvU 2.—Made ten miles east, crossing a mountain or i
ridge where we found a fine pa&s, grass and timber, (cedar j
and pi Hon) abundant. '
August J —Travt led twenty miles south of cast, over a j
country somewhat broken ; timber and gia?s abundant. ,
Indians were in numbers all day, shooting ariowseveiy ;
moment. They wounded some ol our mules, and my j
famous mare Dolly, who has so oiicu rescued me fiom |
danger by her sneed and capacity of endurance. j
A gu>t 4.—-We moved fen miles south to avoid mount- j
ain-, and struck a valley which we left a few days since,
and which extends to the Coloiado. The mountains which
we leftarecoveted with timber. Grass and wateraie tound j
in plenty. k !
The Indians commenced filing on us at sunrise, and ■
continued until we reached camp. Arrows pa-sed through |
the clothes o+ several of the men, and three passed through
my own clothes, and 1 was shgn lv wounded by two others
in different places. An arrow pftS'.ed through the collar of
Dick Williams. We killed several of tiie Indians, and
wounded more. Peter Prudon accidentlv shot himself in
the right knee.
August 5.-—Traveled ten miles southeast in a valley; no
water ; gia-s and timber in abundance on all the mountains.
JlugustG.—Continued ten miles southeast in the same
valley in which we traveled yesterday ; found no water,
but good grass and plenty of timber on and below the
mountains. our sick men are unable to navel, we are
suffering for water, having been nearly three days without
any, and indications are not now favorable. Indians still
around us.
August 7.—Traveled ten miles soatheasf, half the dis-
tance in the same valley, and then went to a mountain
and found good water, grass, and Umber. All the mount
ams in tins country are covered with cedar, pine, and
pifion. The grass is good in all the pranies, but none of
them have any water. The soil is sandy, and full of par-
ticles of mica. Indians are numerous,and continue to fire
upon us.
Augusts.—Made fifteen miles east,southeast, crossing a
little eham of mountains, where we found a level pass and
timber; grass and water in abundance. Crossed a stream
runntngfrom northeast to the southwest, which I think goes
to the Colorado. After crossing the mountains we passed
through a tine valley with an abundance of good spring
water and timber near it. The Indians attacked the camp
several times last night, but without success, and continued
fighting us during til-; day, but with less boldness and reso-
lution.
August 9.—After proceeding eight miles east, we found
ourselves surrounded by canons, appaiently from one to
lour thousand feet deep—at least we sometimes could not
see the bottom We wete compelled to return to the same
camp. The country is high and level, and well supplied
with timber, grass, and water.
August 10.—Moved ten miles southeast over a somewhat
broken country. Crossed a stream of good water (with
tunbei along its course) which is evidently a tributary of
the Gila. The country indicates gold in abundance. We
crossed a little chain ot mountains, where we tound a great
quantity of silver ore, in flint rocks.
August 11.—Traveled southeast over a country a little
broken, but well supplied with water, grass, and timber.
Indications of gold still exist.
August 12.—Made fifteen miles southeast, crossing the
bed of a large stream now dry, with plenty ot timberalonsiH.
Struck the valley which we Iclt some five or bix days ago,
having crossed a few days ago the head waters of a stream
which pas es through it.
This valley will be of the utmost importance in the making
of a wagon or railroad.
To day, for the first time on this trip, we ate a dinner of
mule meat. It was a new dish to most of our men, and
made some of them sick. To me it was an old acquaint
ance, and f feel welt. It only served to leimnd me ol hard
times on other journeys. The quality of the meat depends
on the appetite ot the man. Several of us are now on
foot.
August 13 Marched twenty miles east, leaving to our
right the great valley so often mentioned, and which ex-
tends to the Colorado. Passed thiough a hale valley be-
tween two mountains, where we found timber, grass, and
water m abundance. Tiie soil was excellent.
We here met Indians, who professed to be very friendly,
with papers of recommendation from the commanding
officer of Fort Yuma, on the Gila trail.
August 14.—We left early, and alter tiaveling five miles
in an eastern direction, stopped to breakfast ne,u an Indian
camp of Garroteros. They professed friendship, but, hav
nig no faith in their professions, I selected a camp on the
top of a small hill, which would give us an advantage in
case of a tight. All went on well until our mules weie
saddled and we weie ready to stmt, when, at a given sig-
nal, some fortv oi tifty Indians, apparently unarmed, and
accompanied by their squaw-*, children, and babies- (tied to
boards) in their arms, very suddenly charged upon us and
attempted to destroy the whole paity with clubs and rocks.
Tiie signal of attack was the taking of my hand m fare
well by1 a chief, which he held with all bis strength. So
soon as thesu fiist Indians commenced the fight, about two
hundred more rushed fioiu behind a hill and brush, arid
charged upon us with clubs, bows, and arrows. 1 thought,
for a few minutes, that our paity must neces<s:uily be de-
coyed; but some of u> having disengaged ourselves, we
shot them down so fiv*t with our Colt's levolvers, that we j
soon pioduced coniu-ion among them and put them to (
flight. We owe out lives to these fire-ai ins, the best that !
were ever invented, and now biought, by successive ltn- I
provements, to a state of perfection. .
Mr. Hendrey, an American, and Francisco Guzman, a I
New Mexican", greatly distinguished themselves. !
Twelve of us, just two thirds of the party, were severely t
wounded. 1, among the rest, was wounded in six places. I
Abner Adau, I Icar, is dangerously injured It was a very |
gieat satisfaction to me to find that none of my men were :
killed, nor any of the animals lost. We bled very much j
from our numerous wounds ; but the blood and bodies of j
the Indians covered the ginund for many yards around us. j
We killed over twenty five, and wounded more. The |
bows and anows that we captured and destroyed would ■
have moie than filled a laige wagon.
Before the attack commenced, the squaws kept the
clubs, which weie from eighteen to twenty-four inches
long.'concealed m deei skins about their chtfdien. When
put3to flight, they thiew their babies down into a deep,
biushv guilev near af hand, by which many of thein*must
have been killed. This is the'fir-t time I ever met with a
war paity ol Indians accompanied by their wives and
children. The presence oi the latter was evidently to re-
move from our minds all suspicion of foul play on their
pait. I was never before m so perilous a condition with a
party in all mv life. On tins oeca-iou, which will be the
la«t, I imprudently gave my right hand, m paitmg, to the
Indian chief. Tiie left mu>t answer for leave-taking here-
after.
We have thus far had so much ill-luck to encounter that
our arrival at our destination mu-t be much delayed. First,
out men fell  ick, then our piovi-ions were damaged in the
Colorado; latterly a man shot himself through the knee;
our mules' feet, for waul of shoes, are worn out; and to
ciown all, to-day, two-thirds of the party are badly wound-
ed, and all have barely escaped with their lives. We are
now subsisting entirely on mule meat, and do not get as
much ot that as we want. We are without salt and pepper,
and m their absence it requires a ^tout stomach to digest our
fare. But nobody complains; arid the possibility of not
doing what we have set out to -do has never entered the
minds of my party.
We traveled five milestbis afternoon, with the Indians at
our heels shooting arrows at us every moment.
August 15.—Traveled ten miles east, among mountains,
where we found water, grass, and timber m abundance.
Indians around us ail day shooting arrow*. I omitted, in
the pioper place, to say that t brought away from the
mountains we passed through on the 10tn, a liuie black
sand, less than a cup full, and found in it, on washing,
twelve or fifteen particles of pure gold.
August 16.—Made ten miles east, and found no water;
plenty of grass and timber seen on the-moumams north of
us. Indians still numerous and troublesome To day mot
with copper in verv gieat quantities. A vein of the pure
native metal, about an inch and a half in diameter, was
seen sticking out from a rock, which must have worn away
by time and left the copper exposed. I think there is gold
in the oie, but am not certain.
Our condition at present is bad enough. I have eight
wounds upon me, five of which cause me much suffering ;
and at the same time my mule having given out, 1 have to
walk the whole distance. Thirteen of usarenow wounded,
and one is sick, so that we have only four men in good
health. We are unable to travel faster on account of
Adair's condition.
Our canteens, &c., having been broken or destroyed in
our fight with the Indians, we cannot carry water enough
for more than half a day. This loss caused us to suffer
more than can be imagined. Our animals were broken
down by this traveling, which could not be avoided. We
would come across abundance of water every day if we
<;ould march «*otne twenty-five or thirty miles, but our con-
dition is such that it requires three days to make that small
distance. In addition to all this, we are now on half
rations of horse meat; and I have the misfortune to know
that it is the flesh of my inestimable mare Dolly, who has
so often by her speed saved me from death at the hands of
Indians. Being wounded some days ago by the Gnrroteros,
j he gave out, and we are now subsisting upon her flesh.
August 17.—Moved to-day about ten miles east, over a
countiy rather rough. Suffenng much for want of water.
In crossing mountains, we have to select the highest places
instead of the regular passes, as when caught m canons or
gulleys, we are not strong enough to fight the Indians. To-
day, from the top of a little mountain, I saw the great val-
ley, so often mentioned, extending to the Colorado, not
over twenty miles south of us, and it now seems to turn
more to the east. I intend to make for it. I entertain
fears that Adair and Baskerville are in danger from their
wounds; all the others are getting better.
August 18.—Moved only five miles south of east. Found
water, grass, and some timber.
August 19.—Went fiveiniles to-dayin the same direction
as yesterdav, and came to the great valley that extends to
the Colorado. Encamped on a creek of good water and
grass; Adair being sometimes unable to travel, we are wait-
ing on him. Indians around us shooting arrows. We
never return their fiie without being certain of our shots.
August 20.—Traveled twenty miles east over a level,
gravelly country; crossed a creek; found good grass; no
timber in sight.
August 21.-—Moved ten miles east over a level, gravelly
country, and struck a laige *tream, winch is, no doubt, a
branch ot the Gila. The mountains to the north of us are
very rough, and without timber.
There is no glass on this stream, which is thirty yards
wide, with three feet of water m the channel. Its course
is from north to south.
August. 22.—Made ten miles so ith east to a mountain.
Country level, and without grass or timber. .
August'23.— vioved about the same distance and hi the
same direction, over a low gravely country. Struck a
stream ol good water, but without grass or timber.
August 2i.—Went about eight miles north east, and en-
camped in the mountains, where we met with Apaches
Tonfos No timber seen to-day.
August 2.j.—Crossed the mountains where the Apaches
Tontos live : found water, timber, and grass in abundance.
Traveled fifteen miles north ea&tfrom the top of this mount-
ain, from which we saw the Sierra Blanca Mountains,
which are near the Pueblo of Zuni.
Saw a ptairie extending from the east end of the Garro-
tero mountain to the upperend of the Sierra Slanca. I saw
this prairie when we were at the east end of the Garrotero
mountain, but we were not in a condition to examine it;
fifty miles is nothing with good animals; but ours were
broken down, and our wounded men were unable to travel
over ten miles a day. But I saw the country sufficiently
well to convince me that there will be no obstacle whatever
to the making of a rail or wagon road. The mountains which
we crossed to-day are impracticable for either. I should
like to return to the, east end of the Garrotero mountain,
and pursue the ioute I indicate; but it is utterly imp">ssib'e
to do so, as we are now living on berries and herbs. We
would rejoice to have mule-meat; but we have so few ani-
mals, anil so many wounded men, that it would be ungate
to kill anv more. I have the good fortune of having true
men with me, otherwise it would be uncertain that the
party could get tlnough ; but Ihave confidence m my men,
and I feel positively ceitain that we wi/J make tne tnp.
It will take us some ten or twelve days to reach Zufii,
wh.jre we expect to procure provisions. I shall tiuvcl near
tiie mountains, as heretofore, on account of th<i certainty
and facility of getting water; but shall remain in sight ot
the piairie extending from the Garrotero to the Sierra
Blanca mountain.
August 26.—Moved ten miles east north east, most ot
the wav along a creek, where we found giassin plenty,
and some timber. The Apaches Tontos aie numerous ami
i troublesome.
f August 27.—Made fifteen miles east, crossing two
