•1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1605
two of them. We have acted upon the Indian
appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is disposed of.
Mr. HUNTER*. Mt has been sent baGk to the
House.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no appropriation
bill now pending in this body.
Mr. HUNTER. None.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then what is the use of
meeting at an earlier hour? I doubt very much
' whether it is necessary to force this thing as yet.
With the entrance into this body of the very first
appropriation bill, I am willing to vote for an
earlier hour of meeting; but I am not willing to
vote for it when there are none of those bills be-
fore us.
I am very well satisfied that if we meet here at
nine o'clock, we shall not adjourn before three
o*clock. Th t is the opinion of butone member,
it is true; but it is the opinion of very few, I
think, that we should adjourn any earlier than that.
Then why meet at an unusually early hour? I
think we sit now, from twelve o'clock, as long as
the nature of the public business requires us to do.
We are getting along very well with the business.
We are not behind-hand. A vast amount of the
business of this body has been transacted and
sent to the other House, and there is, compara-
tively, very little before us. I do not believe that
we ought to make this change in the hour of
meeting yet. I doubt very much whether it ought
to be made until the Committee on Finance are
ready to report some oneor other of the appropri-
ation bills to us. The committee must have time
to labor. They ought to have until the hour of
twelve. If we make this change,and meet at the
unusually early hour proposed, before they have
Erepared and matured any of the appropriation
ills, they will have to be excused from service m
this body for the time being, and be compelled to
go and attend to their committee duties while we are
in session. The gentlemen composing that com-
mittee have interests here to attend to; and we
are entitled as much to their counsel as to that of
others; and they themselves are entitled to ours;
but if we meet at an earlier hour they will be
compelled to attend to their committee duties while
we ourselves are in session. Every one will see
that it is almost impossible for them to meet at a
late hour in the evening to transact committee
business. The evenings are excessively oppres-
sive. The mornings themselves are oppressive;
but the evenings excessively so.
1 think it will be wise, and I hope for the pres-
ent we shall do so, for this body to hold on to its
position, and meet as it ahvays does at twelve
o'clock, and continue to sit through the day to
the usual hour; for at the least, say what we
will upon the subject of our sitting here through
the day, there are few who will not say that this
is the coolest place in the city. It is as little un-
comfortable, if not less so, than any other place
in the city. I do hope that the Senate will not
change the hour of meeting at all, until there is
some absolute necessity imposed upon us by the
nature of the business brought before us; and I
do not see how that can be the case, until the ap-
propriation bills are brought here.
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator from*
_Mis issippi to modify his resolution as to the time
when it shall go into operation—to say "Monday
next," in place of "hereafter." g^fhaps we
could adopt the hour of ten o'clock, on and after
Monday next.
Mr. ADAMS. I accede to that proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, modifies his resolution so as
to make it read:
" Resolved, That the Senate meet on and after Monday
next, at ten o'clock, a. m.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that the resolution will
pass in the amended form, which fixes Monday
next for its operation. I differ entirely from the
Senator from Arkansas when he says that we
should not meet yet before twelve o'clock. There
is no doubt that this is the coolest place in the city.
As far as the Committee on Finance is concerned,
I am a member of that committee, and I have no
doubt that we can find time to attend to our busi-
ness, and meet at an earlier hour than we now do.
I think we can get through with our business very
well by meeting, on and after Monday next, at
ten o'clock. I am sure the chairman of the com-
mittee will look to it that we get the appropriation
bills ready for the Senate by that hour. There
are some very important measures which ought
to be discussed this session, and I think that by
meeting from Monday nextat ten o'clock, we shall
be able to bring forward the appropriation bills.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from Mississippi
having modified the resolution, it is necessary for
me to modify my amendment so as to strike out
" ten" and insert " eleven." I make the motion
because I think there is force in the suggestion
which fell from the chairman of the Committee on
Finance; and because i believe we shall do just as
much work if we meet here at eleven, as we should
if we met at nine or ten. From eleven to half past
three, this hot weather, is as long as we can be
expected to meet here; and we shall accomplish
as much work in those hours as if we met earlier.
For that reason I make my motion.
Mr. WALKER. 1 should liketo heartheideas
of the Chair on this question. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
not at liberty to give them. [Laughter.]
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall vote againstany motion
to change the hour of meeting, until nearer the
close of the session. If, during the last week, it
should be found necessary to meet at an earlier
hour, I shall be willing to do it; but for the pres-
ent the hour ought not to be changed. If Senators,
who are in favor of the resolution, will look back
to the precedents, they will find that this is earlier
than the change has heretofore usually been made.
But if it is proposed to make that change, I think
it will be just to the Committee on Finance, that
the mornings on which they hold their regular
meetings, Tuesday and Friday, be excepted, so
that they may not be denied a participation in the
deliberations of the Senate. They will be ex-
cluded if we meet here at an earlier hour than
twelve, or earlier than eleven at any rate.
There is a mistaken impression abroad, that
unless we are sitting here we are not at work.
Now, sir, the most laborious services that I per-
form are outside of this Senate Chamber, getting
business ready, and attending to business in the
different Departments. I feel the necessity of
having time as much forthat as I do to come here,
and discharge my duties. I hope, therefore, it
will be the pleasure of the Senate to let the hour
of meeting remain as it is until we ascertain by
experience that our business drives us to an earlier :
hour. Then we can change the hour to eleven
o'clock; but under no circumstances should we
meet earlier than that.
Mr. SEWARD. I concur in what has been
said by the Senator from Indiana, and as the
honorable Senator in the chair [Mr. Badger] is,
by his position, precluded from making a response
to the question of the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. Walker,] I will answer for him. I an-
nounce, therefore, that the Chair concurs also
with the Senator from Indiana; that it is better
that the meeting should continue at the usual
hour, until some occasion arises for a change.
[Laughter.]
But, to be serious. If we meet at nine, or at
ten o'clock, we must meet with some purpose,
either to sit until the customary hour, or to adjourn
at an earlier hour of the day. Now, 1 think it
very clear, if this intensely hot weather is to con-
tinue, that it will not be within the bounds *6f
human endurance for Senators to go through their 1
duties on committees, which require an hour every j
day, and then to sit here either five or six hours,
and also to perform the necessary labor which
attendance upon the Departments requires from
many Senators, to say nothing of the time re-
quired for the examination of subjects which
come before us. If the expectation be that we
shall adjourn at an earlier hour of the day, I con-
cur with the Senator from Arkansas, that an earlier
meeting is unnecessary. 1 do not see any pres-
sure of public business upon us now to require it*
I think no good reason has been assigned for it,
except the supposition that it may be more con-
venient during this hot weather. I believe that is
a fallacious view; but if not, this proposition
comes too late, for we are passing through, and
probably coming to the end of the intense heat I
under which we are now suffering. If the idea |i
be that we are to change the time in order to jj
shelter ourselves from the heat, then the motion jl
comes too late, for I presume that the weather is !|
going to change. We have had ten of these hot !j
days: the wind must mow &et in from another!)
quarter. We may have occasion for changing
the hour of meeting before the end of the session
—perhaps ten days before its close. I agree in
this matter with the chairman of the Committee
on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,] and I hope the Senate
will not adopt the resolution.
Mr. CASS. A good deal has been said in the
Senate, almost foreign, in my opinion,to ourdis-
cussions, which has done great injustice to th«
body. As the Senator from Indiana has well ob-
served, an idea seems to prevail through the coun-
try, which is fortified by a great deal of what has
fallen from Senators, that we come here in the
morning and spend an hour or two, and that that
is all we do as members of Congress. A more
i fallacious idea could not prevail. You know, sir,
; and we all know, that a large portion of the busi-
j ness of the Senate, and of theother House isdone
1 in committees. The principal part of it is matured
I there. Factsareinvestigated,principlesexamined,
! and reports made, by which we are very much
; guided; and a great portion of the labor of the
! Senate consists in the preparation of that business.
There is not a member of the Senate who, day
after day, I might almost say, hour after hour, is
not required to go to some of the Departments to
investigate some 'matter connected with some of
his constituents. Then we have an immense cor-
respondence to attend to. The task of franking
and overseeing the direction of the great number
] of speeches and documents whir.h we send to our
constituents, is no slight one. AVhen a man has to
sign his name forty thousand or fifty thousand
times he feels that he has a serious job before him.
; I believe those numbers are not very unusual, and
I know by my own experience that they are sent.
I mention these facts, although they are well
known to Senators, because they are necessary in
justification of the Senate. It is generally pretty
hard work for us to attend to all these ditties. I
have been a working man all my life, and gener-
ally a pretty hard one; but I sever worked harder
than I have done as a member of Congress. I
rise every morning before the sun and begin my
labor; and I find myself pretty tired by the time
night comes on. The idea is perfectly fallacious,
that the little time which we spend here is all the
time which we employ in executing the duties
intrusted to us.
Besides that, questions come up which require
consideration and examination, and I regretted
very much, the other day, to hear some remarks
which fell from the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Dawson,] who is not now in his seat. He talked
about extemporaneous discussion—skirmishing,
as he called it, being the best mode of carrying on
! debates. I do not believe a word of it. He has a
j very incorrect estimate of himself, of this body,
| or of the country, who comes to the Senate to
' mingle in its debates unprepared. I am not in
I the habit of doing that. The higher the subject,
| the deeper should belts consideration. Skirmish-
' ing never gams victories, either on the battle-field,
j or in mental conflicts. It was not through skir-
' mishing that the great orators of ancient and
modern days obtained their eminence. Their ex-
ample is good for us. It was labor, incessant,
eternal, and unmitigated labor, by which they
obtained their reputations. That labor we must
go through with in the investigation of all sub-
, jects; and I repudiate in ioto the idea of the honor-
j able Senator from Georgia, that it is best for us
| to come here and carry on a skirmishing, extern-
: poraneous debate, on the most solemn questions
which come before us. I am not one of those
who measure the value of legislative labors by the
thickness of the statute-books. I would rather,
sometimes, take the proportionin theinverse ratio.
1 believe advantages arise to this Government from
discussion here; it turns the attention of the pub-
he to great subjects. There is no discussion in
Turkey, none in Russia; but wherever there is
freedom, there is discussion; and the more free-
dom, the more discussion.
I repeat, that the duties of a member of Congress
are laborious and incessant; and if he is a con-
scientious man, as I believe we all are, he can only
discharge them by untiring labor. I have no idea
that my own labor is greater than that of other
members, and in one respect I am more favored,
as the Senate has excused me from serving upon
any of the standing committees, except that on
the library.
Now, with rcspect to the proposition before us,
