1606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5;
I wish to say that I shall be willing to meet at
eleven o*c!ock at the proper time—although not
yet—fori believe :f we meet at eleven, and sit
four hours a day, it is as much as we can well dn,
and have time io attend to the other buhinesx
which we are required to perform. But I do not
think it is necessary yet to meet any earlier than
we now do.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Mississippi,
I presume, supposes that his proposition will facili-
tate the business of the Senate. 1 shall vote against
it, because 1 think it will retard the business. I
shall be, however, prepared to vote at any time
for a continuance of our ses&ion aslatethroughout
the night as may be proper. I think we should
accomplish much more business if we had a re-
cess, say, from three o'clock to eight o'clock, and
then meet a few hours in the evening; but, sir, a
radical objection to meeting at ten o'clock, in my
judgment, is this: all of us from the new States
ftave a great deal of business with the Depart-
ments. We are m the habit of meeting there;
and they do not open before ten o'clock in the
morning, and do not fairly s;et under way, perhaps,
with their business, until half-past ten o'clock.
"We shall be compelled to be there. That busi-
ness is, perhaps, as equally important as any we
have to attend to here. A nother objection is, that
none of us reach our committee rooms at present,
with the utmost haste, before half-past ten o 'clock.
Much of our business,as has been said, is effected
in committee. If we meet at ten o'clock we can-
not get there sooner than we do now, residing,as
we do, at a great distance from the Capitol. If
then, our having to be at the Departments and the
committee rooms at those hours is a sufficient ob-
jection to the resolution, it ought not to pass. But
if any Senator will bring forward a^oposition to
have a recess from four to eight at night, I am
very well convinced that we could accomplish
much by adopting that course.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that the resolution
lie upon the table.
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 27, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, 'tell, liiiL'lit, Hroilhend, Butler,
Ca^s, Chase, <*Uv« (NiofMT, Evans, I"V t-sendon,
Fif/.pamck, Gillette, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Mallory, Norm-, Pcttit. Pratt, Sebastian, Seward, Slide!!,
Sumner, Touo«-y, and Wade-27.
N AYS—Meaais. Adams, Badtfrr, Brown, Geyer, Gwin,
Hamlin, Jones of TonnesM-<\ Maton, Rockwell, Rusk,
Sluart, Walker, Welter, and Williams—14.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the table.
dence of the injury but record evidence after the
lapse of twenty-five years. As there is no doubt
of the identity of the petitioner, and satisfactory
evidence of ihe fact that he was wounded in his
foot during; the engagement of the l'ln«urgente,
and that he is now, and lias always been, a crip-
ple from that cau*<e, the committee are of opinion
that he is entitled to a pension under the provis-
ions of the act of July 1, 1797.
The bill was' reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
WILLIAM BROWN.
The bill for the relief of William Brown was
read a second time-, and, on motion by Mr. Ham-
lin, considered us in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secietnry of the Inie-
. rior to place the name of William Brown, alias
Billy Brown, a colored man, now a resident ol
Portland, Maine, on the pension roll, at ninety-
six dollars per annum, commencing May 30, 1844,
and continuing during his natural life.
Brown was one of the crew of the United States
frigate Constellation,and served as a powder-boy
during theengagementof thatshtp with the French
frigate I'lnsurgente, on the 9th of February, 1799,
winch resulted m the capture of the latter. During
tiie engagement he was wounded in the foot, which
has made him a cripple ever since. When his
papers, establishing the fact and extent of his dis-
ability, were filed with the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, that officer, supposing that the claim was
founded on the eighth section of the act of IbOO,
rejected it, on the ground that the injury was ante-M _t
rior to the passage of the act, which was prospect- |l any opportunity, if the consiueiation of this bill
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, July 5, J854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer |
by Rev. Henry Slicer. ,
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
RESIGNATION OF HON- GILBERT DEAN. !
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol- |
lowing letter from Hon. Gilbert Dean, tendering '
his resignation as a member of the present Con-
gress:
House of Represestativrs, July 3, 1854.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that J have this, day
resigned my a member ot tin Tinny Tlmd Conpir&s.
in with tin*, body, I tender to its members my sin-
cere xvi>h for their piosperity and welfare.
For youiseli,  n, believe me tiuiy, &e., G. DEAN,
lion. Linn Huyo,
Spvukei vj the House of Representative?.
The communication was laid on the table, and
ordered to be punted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication ftom the Treasury Department, relat-
ing to the leases made with the Bank of Commerce
and the Bank of the State of New Yoik, ror their
respective buildings, for the use of the assay office,
in the city of New Yotk.
On motion by Mr. ROBBINS, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The SPEAKER stated that the question before
the House was on recommitting to the Committee
on Public Lands the bill " granting lands equally
to the seveiai States to aid in the construction of
tmlro&ds, and for the support of schools," on
which the gentleman from New York [Mr. Ben-
nett] vvns entitled to the door.
Mr. BENNETT addressed the House in ex-
planation and delense of the bill, and in reply to
the speech made by Mr. Disney some time since
on the subject of the disposal of the public lands.
[His speech will be found in the Appendix ]
Mr. B. then withdrew the motion to recommit,
and moved that the further consideration of the
bill be postponed until i-he third Tuesday of De-
cember next, and also moved the previous ques-
tion upon that motion.
,Mr. DISNEY. 1 trust the gentleman will
withdraw his motion for a moment, as 1 want to
say a word or two to him. Eie has made some
remarks in reference to a speech which 1 have
made, which naturally calls for a response. I will
. not be very severe upon the gentleman. [Laugh-
1 ter.] J ask the gentleman to give me an oppor-
tunity to reply.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman can take
ive only. In point of fact, however, the claim
is covered by a similar provision for a pension to
those disabled in the line of duty, in the eleventh
section of the act of July 1, 1797, " providing a
naval armament," and under which the frigate
Constellation, together with the frigates United
States and Constitution, were manned and em-
ployed. That act was temporary, but did not
exnire by i<s limitation until the 4th of March,
1799, and the irjury was received by the peti-
tioner on the 9th ot February in that year. It
appears by a letter of the Commissioner of Pen-
sions of May 28, 1844, that the proof m the case
is satisfactory, but that a rule oT the Department
prevents his exercising any discretionary power.
The rule alluded to is that which excludes all evi-
ls postponed.
Mr. DISNEY. Does the gentleman refuse to
withdraw his call?
Mr. BENNETT. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion. The gentleman once refused to allow me
to make an interruption, and 1 do not know why
I should comply with his request.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I move to lay the bill upon
the table; and upon that motion 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. BENNETT. Does not the motion to post-
pone take precedence of that motion?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. H0US10N. As the morning hour is
nearly out, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union. I
make this motion in order that we may go into
committee, and finish the civil a/id diplomatic bill.
Mr. BENNETT. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia takes precedence of mine, I
withdraw it, and renew my motion to recommit
the hill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion cannot be made while the motion to lay
upon the tahle is pending.
Mr, BENNETT. Then I adhere to my former
motion to postpone.
Mr. FENTON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a bill, "to increase the
compensation of collectors of customs," merely
for the purpose of reference.
Mr LETCHER. I object.
Mr. RICHAR.DSON. 1 desire to understand
precisely the state of the question before the
House. Does the gentleman from New Yotk
move to recommit merely to keep the bill before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The motion made by the
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Cx-iastain] cuts off
the motion to recommit.
The gentleman from New York indicated hia
desire to withdraw the motion to postpone until
the third Tuesday in December next, and to make
the motion to recommit the bill. The motion to
lay upon the table, however, will cut that motion
off.
Mr.RICHARDSON. What I desired to know
is, whether the object of the gentleman from New
York, in making his motion, was to prevent the
gentleman trom Ohio from replying to his re-
maiks?
Mr. DISNEY. That is the object, of course.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If it is, then we may
as well vote upon the motion to lay upon the table
now.
Mr. BENNETT. I am willing the gentleman
from Ohio should take his own course in reference
to replying. He will, no doubt, have an oppor-
tunity.
Mr. CHASTAIN. At the suggestion of some
friends around me, I will withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table, and allow the question to be
taken upon the motion to postpone.
Mr. BENNETT. I then withdraw themotion
to postpone, and move to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DISNEY obtained the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 ask that the question
may be taken upon thp motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
! House resolved itself into the Committee of the
j Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Orr in the
: chair.)
! CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
! The CHAIRMAN. When the committee was
' last m session on the civil and diplomatic appro-
i priation bill, the question before the committee
| was on agreeing to the amendment of the gentle-
! man from Arkansas [Mr. Greenwood] to the
! amendment proposed by the gentleman from
; Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] upon which tel-
j leis had been appointed.
I The pending amendments were reported as fol-
I lows:
i Add to the amendment proposed by Mr. ChaNdt.er,
j winch is as follows:
; '• For continuing the aqueduct for bunging water into
! the city of Washington, agreeably to the plan adopted hy
1 the Pre.-ident of the United States, accordinu to the pro-
visions of the act of Congress, aoproved March 3, 1853,
$oU0,000,"
—the words:
Provided, That no portion of the foregoing amount shall
he applied unless the rorporauon.s ol Georgetown and
1 Washington shall appropiune and pay a sura equal to one
fifth of the amount, to aid m the construction of the water-
, works proposed.
i Messrs, Franklin and Curtis were appointed
tellers.
: The question was taken on Mr. Greenwood's
1 amendtnent;and itwasagreed to; the telleishaving
reported—ayes 75, noes 41. *
Mr. OLDS. I move the following amendment,
as an addition:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be ex-
; ponded unless in pursuance of a contract to be entered into
; lor the furnishing of all the matrriai, tabor, tools*, and ina-
! ehinery of every description, and every matter and thing
I relating thereto, and the romplmon of the entire work in
