m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
notice has been given. The Chair therefore rules ]
that the gentleman from Alabama is m order.
Mr. COBB. X then ask leave to introduce a
" bill to encourage agriculture, commerce, manu-
factures, and all other branches of industry, by
granting to every man, who is the head of a family
and a citizen of the United States,a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of land out of the
public domain, upon condition of occupancy and
cultivation of the same, for the period herein
specified."
The bill was then read the first and second
times by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COBB gave notice of his intention to-
morrow, or on some subsequent day, to introduce a
bill to reduce and graduate the price of the public
lands.
MOTIONS TO ADJOURN OVER.
Mr.'SMITH, of Alabama. I offer the following
resolution, to which I presume there will be no
objection. 1 ask that it may be referred to the
• Committee on Rules :
liesohed,That on all motions to adjourn over the yeas and
nays shall be called, and the House shall not adjourn over
unless iwo thirds order it.
Several Members. Oh, no !
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire
of the gentleman from Alabama if notice has been
given of intention to introduce the resolution?
Mr.SMITH. No notice has been given, and
I supposed none was necessary.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
from Alabama introduces the resolution and only
asks its reference to the Committee on Rules, i
suppose he has the right to do that?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
purport of the resolution to be, to change the rules
oftheHouse. If so, notice is necessary. If there
be no objection, however, the resolution will be re-
ceived, and disposed of as the gentleman desires.
Mr. WALSH. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand the
gentleman from Alabama merely proposes a reso-
lution of inquiry. 1 suppose there will be no ob-
jection to that.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, there being
no objection, will be received, and referred to the
Committee on Rules.
RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. ABERCROMB1E introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, granting
the right of way and a portion of the public land
to aid in the construction of a railroad from Gi-
rard, Alabama, to Mobile; which was read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. Will the Speaker rule that no
member has the right to introduce more than one
bill?
Several Members. That's all.
The SPEAKER. The rule requires that no
member shall introduce more than one bill; and
the rule will be enforced.
Mr. COBB. I have another bill that I desire to
introduce, but I yield to the will of the House.
HARBOR OF MOBILE.
Mr. PHILIPS. I ask leave to introduce the
following resolution;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed to
inform the House whether any report or plan exist" in his
Depaitment, showing the cost and practicability of deepen-
ing the harbor of Mobile.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask whether
this resolution provides for anything more than
calling for information ?
Mr. PHILIPS. That is all.
Mr. STEPHENS. Then I have no objection
to its introduction.
The resolution was then introduced and adopted.
On motion by Mr. HILL, it was
Ordered, That leave he granted to withdraw from the files
of the House the papers in the ca«e of Sterling Cocke, and
that the same be referred to the Committee oil Public
Lands.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE gave notice that on to-
morrow, or some subsequent day, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill, the title of which was
not heard.
STATIONERY FOR REPORTERS.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing resolution, and if there be objection, I move
he previous question:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to
furnish the Reporters for the Congressional Globe such
stationery as may he required in the discharge of their
duties.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I know the pre-
vious question has been called; but I should really
like to know why that resolution ought to be
adopted.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not m order.
The demand for the previous question was not
seconded; forty members only voting in the af-
firmative.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Now, 1 suppose
that the gentleman who offered this resolution will
be able to give us some reason why he has intro-
duced it. _ !
Several Memberi. Let it lie over. [
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The only reason, I
and I consider that quite a sufficient one. is that;
the Reporters have been made quasi officers of:
the House, and have duties to perform requiring j
what this resolution proposes to give them. They :
have, in my opinion, as much right to this sta- i
tionery as the members of the House themselves. !
Objection was made to the consideration of the j
resolution at this time, and it was accordingly j
laid over.
ELECTION OF SENATORS BY THE PEOPLE. |
Mr. MACE. I beg leave to offer a resolution,
of which the following is the title: " A joint reso- I
lution to provide for the election of United States
Senators by the people." I ask that it may be ;
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. :
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Why not con- |
sider it now ? The present time is asgood as any
for the consideration of such a resolution as that. ^
The joint resolution was accordingly read a first |
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee oil the Judiciary.
RAILROAD FROM THE PALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. ENGLISH. If it be in order at this time,
I ask leave to intioduce a bill, of which previous
notice has been given. It is a bill granting lands
to the States of Indiana and Illinois, to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the Falls of ihe
Ohio river to a point on the Mississippi, opposite
the city of St. Louis.
Mr. E. I will state that my object is to have
the bill referred to the appropriate standing com-
mittee.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committeeon Public Lands.
Mr. EDDY submitted the following resolution;
which was considered and agreed to, viz:
Resolved, Tliat the Committee on Commerce be directed
to inquno into the expediency of eetabh-hing a port of
entrv nt Michuran City, in the State of Indiana; and al.-o
of makii't: an appropriation to continue tile works upon the
harbor at that place.
MOSES PETIT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, introduced the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims, viz: "A
bill for the relief of Moses Petit, of the State of
Indiana."
PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. RICHARDSON, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the fol.owing bill: " A bill to
constitute Ciuincy, in the State of Illinois, a
port of entry."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. RICHARDSON. If any gentleman in
the House desires that this bill shall go to a com-
mittee, I will not ask for its passage now. I desire
to say, however, that it is important the bill
should be passed at an early day in the session.
There is now on the way to Q.uincy a large
amount of iron, for the purpose of laying down a
railroad, and the company desire to get it de-
livered there, and its delivery there will be of great
advantage to them. If the passage of the bill is
delayed, they will have to forego that advantage.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 desire that the bill shall
go to a committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I move that it be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROaD TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I offer the
resolution which I send to the Chair; and upon it
I demand the previous question.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
KesoUei, That Congress has the power to provide for
the construction of a railroad over the Terntones of the
United States, for the safer and more expeditious trans-
ponation of the public moneys, the mails, the troops, and
{he munitions of war, from ihe Atlantic to the Pacific
coast, and ought immediately to exercise that power.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 move to lay
the resolution upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas aml'nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 126, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS. Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Apnleton, Ashe, David J. Bailey,Thomas H. Bayly, Banks,
Bprksdale, Barrv, Belcher, Bliss, Boyc, Breckinridge,
Brook?, Bu<*g, Ca>-kie,ChambPT)ai>i,Ch3-tain,Chnieliwel]?
Clircman, Cobb, Colquitt, Craige, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean Dent, Disney, DowdelJ, Drum, Dunham,Eddy,Edg-
erton- Edmnndson, Billon, English, Ewing, Faulkner,
Fenton Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Gamble, Goode, Green,
Greenwood, Grow, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
P Hams, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Ihbbard, Hillyex,
Houston, Hughes, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kidweil, Ksttred<re, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane,Letcher, Liltv,Lindsley,McNair, McCiueen,
Mace, Macv, Maxwell, Maya!!, Smith Miller, Million,
Monison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Andifw Oliver, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Philips,
Powell, Pratt, Purvear, Reese, Thomas Ritchey, Bobbins,
Rogers, Ruffin, Se.vwour, Shower, Shaw, Singleton,
Skulton, Gernt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R- Smith, Snodgrass, Alexander H. Stephens,
Stratum, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Tiout, Vail, Van^ant, Walbridge, Walsh, West-
broolc, Wheeler, Wiue, Daniel B. Wiight, and Hendrick
B. Wright—126.
NAYS—Messrs. W7ilhs Allen, Ball, Benson, Bissell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chandler,
Chase, Clark, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom,
Thomas Davis, De Witt, Dick, Dickin-on, Dunbar,
Eastman, Kdmand*, Ertieridge, Everhart, Farley, F!ag-
Itr, Giddmgs, Goodrich, Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Ha-
ven, Hiester, Hill, Howe, Hunt; Knox, Liudley, Lyon,
McCulloch, Matteson, Maurice, Middlesvvarth, John G.
Miller, Morgan, Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Pen-
nmpton, John Perkins, Pringle, Ready. Richardson, David
Ritchie, Russell, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Frederick
P. Stanton, John L. Taylor, Thurston, Tracy, Upham,
Wade, Walker, Elthu B. Wa^hlmrn, Israel Washburn,
Wells, John Wentwoith, Tappan Wentworth, Yates, and
Zollicofiei*—72.
So the resolution was ]aid upon the table.
POWERS OF CONGRESS RAILROADS.
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and call for the previous ques-
tion upon it:
Resolved, That as incidental to, and indispensable for,
theexeicise of the powers conferred by the Constitution
upon the Congress of the United States, to provide for the
common defense and general welfaie, is the power to con-
struct laihoads through the Territories of the ITmted States
for the purpose of t.icihtaiing the transportation of the
mails and the munitions of war.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I propose to de-
bate that resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is not that resolu-
tion the same in chaiacter as the one we have just
tabled ?
The SPEAKER. It is the same in character,
but not precisely the same resolution.
Mr. SMITH, I would inquire of the gentle-
man who has offered the resolution, whether it is
his serious purpose to throw such great questions
as are embodied in his resolution before the House
without discussion ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called for, and debate is out of order.
Mr. SMITH. I hope the House will refuse to
second the call for, the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES. I wish to withdraw the motion
to lay the resolution upon the table until I see
whether the call for the previous question is sec-
onded.
Mr. HENN moved that the House adjourn;
which motion was agreed to.
Whereupon the House adjourned tiil to-mor-
row at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 13, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved
