1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
160?
a ma&terly and workman-like manner, after fir^t inviting
propo&aN for Pixtyor nioie (iavt-, m the. daily journals ot
this and other ernes throughout thp Union ; the adverti-e
merit* to call (or proposals far the Great Palls woik, as re-
porn d on, and iccoininended Lieutenant M C'. Meiy^;
for the Il'K k Creek w<n k,a<  reported on, and recommended
by C'donel Giorge VV, Hushes, and tor lifting i>y hteam,
or water power, from the Potomac or Rock Creek, not less
than nine million of gallons of pure water daily, iMifficn/at ]j
foi three hundred thou-and ml.ubitant^,) ;uid elevating the ||
siime to -'nine convenient location, at or near Georgetown, ij
to two hundred and fifty feet above high tide., into a dis- ii
tnhimng re^eivoir, which bhali contain not le?a than fifty j]
imlhon of gallons* ^hid it U further jrrovided, Tliat per- ii
sons piopoMng .-hall accompany their bids with the guaian- ;!
tee of two 01 more responsible sunties, who will entei I1
info bond with the United States that the work shall be
completed within a reasonable It me, and he pei influent and 11
efficient for five years after us completion ; the President ot I;
the United States to accept t-uch pl.m.and proposal a?., in ji
his judgment, if bo^t for the Government, after fir-t sub-
nutting them to a board of three civil engineer's, who shall
leport their opinion oi their relative merits in wilting, as to j.
Which plan i?. best Kir the mteres-ts of the Government: j
Provided far!her, Tliat thr- whole co*t does not exceed tile 11
sum of #2,300.000 it'the Gre.it Palis report if adopted;
$1,000,001) if tin- Rock Creek pioject i  adopted; and j:
$600,001) ifthe project to lift by steam or watei i-> adopted, u
Mr. OLDS. Gentlemen of the committee are
all aware, doubtless, that generally all public works j'
undertaken by the Government in and about this !
city cost a great deal more than the estimates j!
made under which they were commenced. We '■
have rumors that the probability is that these j<
water-works will cost five, six, or seven millions |(
of dollars, and perhaps a good deal more than
that. We also have rumors afloat about this \
city—I donot know whether they are well founded ji
or not—that the best plan has not been adopted; ■;
and that some other plan could be adopted which 1
would not cost perhaps moie than §600,000, and :j
which would effectually supply this city with pure
water. The amendment I have offered proposes ,]
not to defeat the water-works, but that a contract !|
shall be made after having advertised for propo- j
sals, and that contracts shall not be entered into |
at a cost greater than the estimates made by the ;
engineers. It also proposes to give the revision
to the President or the United States, of the
plan adopted, that he may take the one costing ;!
$2,300,000, or the one costing $1,000,000, or the ||
one estimated to cost $600,000—in shoit to make j
a reviston of the plan. ^ ,
It appears to me that there can be no objection
to the amendment I have offered. It is not to de- 'j
feat the water-work?, hut it is that you shall not n
undertake them, unless you have a responsible bid 1(
within the estimates of the engineer. How can
you, Mr. Chairman, I, orany other memberhpre, 1
go home to our constituents, and tell them that we
have voted for an appropriation of $500,000 to- ,,
wards supplying the city of Washington with
pure water, when they have rumors afloat all the
while, that before these water-works are completed
they will cost some $6,000,000 or $7,000,000,!
to be taken out of the Treasury.of the United :
States. When the contract is made with respon- ;
sible persons, who undertake to complete the wot ks :
fully, fairly, and in a workman-like manner, within ;
the estimates of the engineers, then we can go !
home and justify ourselves, if we shall be called
upon to give a vote of $500,000 for these water- ;
Works. I hope that the amendment I have of-
fered, which is certainly a judicious one, will be j
agreed to.
Mr. CRATG-E obtained the floor. I
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will the gentle- j
man from North Carolina yield me the floor for '
an instant ? !
Mr. ORAIGE. Certainly.
Mr. SMITH. I want to ask the gentleman :
from Ohio [Mr, Olds] to allow me to tender the
paper which I send to the Clerk's desk, as a sub- .
fctitute for his amendment. I hope that when \
he has heard it read he will accept it, j
Mr. OLDS. Well, let us hear it read. |
Mr. Smith's amendment was read, as follows: i
Provided, That none of the money hereby appropriate,! 1
shrill be expended in the con-truetion of t--aid aqueduct
until contract* '•hall he entered into bv the President of the ;
United SUtes with good and responsible prisons foi such ,
portions of the work to Ii*-executed, and materia I* to be fnr-
^iislied, a* will, in bis opinion, secure the faithful comple-
tion of the work upon the plan above refei red to. for thp
sum of $2,300,000 or le«s, and within two > ears irom the
dare of the contract*; and it i- hereby declared to be the •
true intent and meaning of the act ot Congress under which j
the Piesident adopted said plan foi bringing water into the
city of Wa-hinctoiK that the sole and exclusive use of the ;
watei to be brought by said aqueduct is for the putpo«es
of the Government establishment? in said city to the extent ;
they may require it, and' the cities of Wasmngton and
Georgetown, and the Inhabitants thereof, may, upon such
tenn-s and conditions and nnder such regulations as may
hereafter be pr^cribed by act ol Conyro-s, iii?e the surplu*
water: Ptovidzd, that ihe whole expend ol the additional
pipes neeebs ar> Mi ihc dt-tribuiion oftiKh v-urpliirj water
ih.ough tl<" *aid cities, .-hall be home exclusively by the
corp jrations of said cities respectively.
Mr. OLDS. I do not accept the proposed
amendment. It does not provide so effectually as
the other does.
Mr. CRAiGE. 1 must prefer the amendment
which has been last read to that which nas been
offered by the gentleman from Ohio. I have no
sort of objection to the limitations and conditions
ptesenbed in the amendment of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] because, notwith-
standing the rumors that have been spoken of by
the gentleman from Ohio and others, 1 feel the
utmost confidence that this work can be built
within the estimate. I have taken the pains of
investigating the estimate of Captain Me-gs. 1
have taken the pains of investigating the work
itself: and I tepeat that I feel the utmost confidence
in his calculations. I leel assured that the work
chn he built for the amount estimated. And,
therefore, it is that I say I have no sort of objec-
tion to the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Virginia, or to the restrictions and limitations
therein contained.
But my objection to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio is simply this: alier the passage
of the first appropriation of *>100,000 for tins pur-
pose, which authorized the Piesident to com-
mence this work after the different surveys had
been made of Rock Creek, Little Palls, and Great
Falls, the latter—the plan for bringing the water
from Great Falls—was adopted by the person who
was thus authorized by act of Congress to fix it.
And under that the work has been commenced;
under that a large portion of the conduit has been
commenced, a large portion of the excavations
have been made, and a great amount of the tun-
neling has been executed. I have examined it
all, and 1 am satisfied that what has been done up
to this time has been done within the estimate—
and this is the most important part of the work.
Mr. SMITH, of Vnginia, (interrupting.) If
the gentleman from North Carolina will permit
me to intenupt him, I would state to the com-
mittee that the only decided and radical objection
which 1 have to the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio, is this: it calls on the President to
adopt a plan. Why, sir, the President hasadopied
a plan once. The very plan which has been
already commenced is the plan which he adopted.
Now, the gentleman proposes that the President
shall adopt another plan; and if this should be
done we might be again compelled to change it,
for want ot money, or owing to the reports of
■ Madam Rumor. This plan has been carefully pre-
pared and reported by competent engineers.
Mr. CRAiuE. I thmk the work would never be
ended, and therefore it is that I oppose theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. I apprehend
that if the matter were investigated, it would be
found that the outside pressuie brought to bear
1 from the different pians other than that adopted
, by the President, is the basis on which these
rumors were founded, I should like, Mr. Chair-
. man, that those who have spoken from these va-
rious rumors, to prove that the work would cost
| $6,0U0,000 or $7,000,000, would give us the data
on which their estimates are based.
j Let them tell us why it will cost this $6,000,000
or £>7,000,000 The engineer who has ih:s work
: in charge has told us why it will cost only
' $*2,500,000. The figures are put down, and every
man can have the opportunity to judge as to the
' correctness of the calculations, whether they are
: extravagant or not. But as to these various iu-
1 mors m relation to the cost of this work, how
can you tell whether they are well or ill founded?
. Does this rumor give us the calculations as to the
! vanous items of the work? Not at all. It does
i not tell us whether the calculations for the tun-
! neling are too large, or anything of that kind.
1 There is no such thing as that, but it is ail vague
and idle rumor, and nothing else.
On the conttary, those who advocate this work
. give us the details. They have looked into it,
^ examined the matter, and hove made careful esli-
i mates of the cost of each and every part of the
; work, such as the stone masonry, the excavation,
i and every different part of the work mentioned in
that lep'ort. And they report that it can be built
for the estimates. And more than that, the work
has been finished over the most difficult part of
the route, and that portion has been done within
the estimate.
Mr. McMULLIN. Ji desire to suggest to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Olds,] a modification
of his amendment to the amendment, which, of
course, he can accept or not. I desire to" have
that amendment modified Uy inserting, after the
word " contract," the words:
Provided, One half of the sum neees^ary lor the con-
duction of *.nd work shall be paid for by*the citizens of
Washington and Georgetown."
Mr. CRAIGE. Ifthe gentleman knew the facts
he would not suggest such a modification as that.
The amendment does not contemplate furnishing
the citizens of Washington and Georgetown with
water at all. It merely proposes to furnish the
public buildings here, belonging to the Govern-
ment, with water, and if the citizens of Washing-
ton and Georgetown want the benefit of the water,
they will have to pay for it hereafter.
Mr. McMULLIN". They ought to be sup-
plied with the water, and they ought to pay their
proportion of the expense.
Mr. OLDS called for tellers on his amendment.
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Clingm'an,
and Davis, of Indiana, were appointed.
The question was taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 69.
So the amendment to the amendment was,disa-
greed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now desire to
offer the amendment which was read a minute
ago, to come m at the end of the original amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman wish
to have his amendment come in at the end of the
proviso which has been adopted?
Mr. SMITH. No, sir, as a substitute for that
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That will not be in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. May not the gentle-
man from Virginia move to strike out all after the
original amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and to insert his amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. He may not. The com-
mittee have agreed to insert what the gentleman
proposes to strike out,
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. The committee
will observe that that amendment was designed to
come in after the rejection—which I hoped would
happen—of the amendment of the gentleman
from Arkansas, [Mr. Greenwood.] Still,I offer
it now with the hope that when we get into the
House the amendment of the gentleman from
Arkansas will be rejected.
Mr. OLDS. You cannot get a separate vote
then. ^ -
Mr. SMITH. Certainly we can. Looking
at it in thai point of view, L ask the commit-
tee to contemplate what is proposed. Madam
Rumor, said the aged and honorable gentleman
from Ohio, is busy on the subject. Now, I head
off Madam Rumor with the stipulation that this
work shall becontiacted for atasum notexceeding
the estimate. So Madam Rumor dies heneath
that stipulation, and 1 shall have the support of
the gentleman from Ohio. That is not all.
My amendment goes further, and declares the
object of this improvement is to supply the pub-
he edifices with water, and those alone; and it ex-
pressly stipulates that the cities of Washington
and Georgetown shall be at the entire expense of
the pipes for the distribution of the water ^in-
dividuals. These are two fundamental and im-
portant provisions. Then these contracts are to
be made by the President, with responsible per-
sons, and at a sum not to exceed in the aggregate
the estimate. I advert to these things, for I can-
not imagine, for my soul, a more practicable
scheme within the limits of the estimate. I can-
not imagine a proposition which addresses itself
more thoroughly and satisfactorily to the intelli-
gence of a body than that embraced by the
amendmenidoes to this committee, I truPt, with-
out wishing further to detain the committee, that
the amendment may be adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I oppose this
amendment, Mr. Chairman, for the reason thaf if
it should be adopted in its terms, this work will
cost $2,300,000, and introduce into the city of
Washington sixty-seven millions gallons of wafer
daily, winch is, aslhav&suid heretofor-e—and the
