1853.
the congressional globe.
w
CONTINGENT FUND OF THE SENATE.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I rise to ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate to be allowed
to report at this time a bill from the Committee
on Finance, which ought to be acted upon at once.
We wish to get it through both Houses to-day, if
possible.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
the report will be received.
There was no objection.
Mr. HUNTER. The Gommittee on Finance,
to which was referred a letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury respecting the mode of paying Sena-
tors, has instructed me to report a bill " to regu-
late the disbursement of the contingent fund of
the Senate, and for other purposes."
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, and considered by the Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that the moneys
which have been, or may hereafter be, appro-
priated for the compensation of members and
officers of the Senate, and for the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate, shall be paid out of the Trea-
sury on requisitions drawn by the Secretary of
the Senate, and shail be kept, disbursed, and ac-
counted for, at the Treasury, and the Secretary of
the Senate shall be deemed a disbursing officer,
and be allowed the sum of per annum as a
compensation over and above his salary as Secre-
tary. It also proposes to enact that the Secretary
of the Senate, in place of the bond now required
to be given by him, shall, within ten days after
the passage of the act, give bond to the United
States, with one or more sureties, to be approved
by the Comptroller of the Treasury in the penal
sum of $20,000, conditioned for the faithful appli-
cation of the moneys drawn by him; and that the
certificate of the chairman of the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent. Expenses of the
Senate, certifying the accounts of the Secretary to
have been passed by that committee, shall be
deemed conclusive upon all the officers of the
Treasury Department.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to move to fill the blank in the
first section of the bill with " one thousand dol-
lars.''
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate, as amended; the amendment
was concurred in; the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading; was read a third time,
and passed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a
communication from the Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, incompliance with a resolution
of the Senate of March 31st, 1853, the report of
an examination of the Patent Office Building made
in 1851, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings; which was referred to the
• Committee on Public Buildings.
Also, a report from the Department of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, in obedience to the act of Con-
gress of M-ay 1, 1820, a statement showing the
appropriations made for the service of that De- J
partment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1853,
and the repayments and transfers during the last
fiscal year; which was ordered to lie on the table
and be printed.
Also, a report from the State Department, in
obedience to the twentieth section of the act en-
titled "An act regulating and making appropria-
tions for such necessary expenses as have gen-
erally been included in the general appropriation
bills, without authority of law, approved the 26tli
of August, 1842."
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, the reading of
the report was dispensed with; and it was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. W. V. McKevn, Chief
Clerk, announcing that on the 7th instant, they
elected the Rev. Wm. H. Milburn, Chaplain for
the first session of the Thirty-Third Congress on
their part.
PETITIONS.
The petition of the Iron Mountain Railroad
Company, of Missouri, praying for a grant of the
right of way through certain lands of the United
States, reserved for military purposes, presented
yesterday by the President pio tern.* was taken
from the table, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE presented the memorial and accom-
panying papers of the heirs of Captain Alexander
Harper, praying compensation for his services in
the revolutionary war; which were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SUMNER presented the memorial of Wil-
liam C. Parke, of Boston, prayingfor distribution
of unclaimed balance of prize money, appropri-
ated by Congress to heirs of John Paul Jones, and
officers and men of the frigate '"Alliance;" which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Amos
Kendall and John E. Kendall, praying compen-
sation for acting as agent and counsel of the
Western Cherokees, or "Old Settlers;" which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the memorial of
Joseph Tomlinson, of the city of Pittsburg, and
accompanying papers, in the matter of the loss
of the iron steamer "Hunter," while engaged m
the scrvice of the United States in the war with
Mexico, and connected, also, with the claim of
the administratrix of the estate of John T. Mc-
Laughlin; which were referred to the Committee
on Naval affairs.
Mr. WELLER presented a letter from O. M.
Wozencraft, late Indian agent and commissioner
for California, in reply to charges against him,
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
Thomas Foster, in behalf of the widows of revo-
lutionary officers and soldiers; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of S. L. Fremont, of the Army, praying;
to be restored to the position held by him in the
Quartermaster's Department in 1849; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Joseph Clymer and others,
praying remuneration for losses sustained in con-
sequence of the violation by the United States of
their contract to furnish supplies for the Quarter-
master's Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of John
Thomas, praying that a sum of money, paid by
him for a patent which he did not obtain, may be
returned to him; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SMITH presented the memorial of the
heirs of Brigadier General Jedediah Huntington,
of the Army of the Revolution, praying to be !
allowed for depreciation on commutation certifi-
cates; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FISH presented the petition of Edwin Lord
and Francis Bacon, praying to be relieved from i
certain judgments against them for duties, which j
they are unable to pay in consequence of losses i
by the great fire in New York, in December, 1835; 1
which was referred to the Committee on Finance. !
Also, the petition of Catharine Clark, widow !
and executrix of Joseph Clark, praying to be j
allowed arrears of pension due her husband; j
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions, j
Also, the petition of R. L. Beall and other ofil- !
cers of the Army, in behalf of the officers and
troops who served in New Mexico from May,
3848, to March, 1852, praying to be allowed the
same extra pay as was allowed those who served
in California and Oregon; which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
Mr. PRATT. During the last session of Con-
gress, the Committee on Claims, if I recollect
light, reported favorably upon thirty-five claims,
twenty-four of which received the favorable ac-
tion of the Senate. During the present session
the papers, in many of those cases, have been
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, on the
motion of various Senators, and referred back to
that committee, and I desire to suggest whether it
would not be better that the bills, having passed
this House, should now originate in the House of
Representatives. Why should this committee be
now incumbered with the labor of investigating
these thirty-five claimsagam, which are accompa-
nied with voluminous papers that have been already
investigated by the committee, and which the
Senate have sufficientlyindicated their willingness
to pass, although they may not, afterwards, have
received the sanction of the House of Represent-
atives It seems to me that economy of time and
facility in the dispatch of business in the Senate,
requires that the practice should be, that where a
bill has passed the Senate, the papers relating to
the claim, instead of being brought back,-as they
now are, should remain in the House of Repre-
sentatives, and then that the bill should originate
in that House at the next session. , But I suppose
I shall be obliged to follow the course which has
been pursued by other Senators here.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That lite memorial of Lavmia Taylor, be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was
Ordered, That tlie memorial of John A. McGregor, one
of the heirs of William McGregor, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. COOPER, it was 9
Ordered, That the papers relating to the claim of James
Bell be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims*
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs, Mary Williams, praying
compensation lor property taken or destroyed in the Florida
war, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
fen ed to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sally B. Matthews be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, for the purpose of
being presented in the House of Representatives.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the representa-
tive ot Hemy King be withdrawn from the files of the
Srnatp, and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. Nock be withdrawn
from the file* ot the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the heirs of Judith Wor-
then, and the petition of William Miller, praying for pen-
sions, be withdiawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, it
was
Ordered, That the petition of Absalom Kyle and Wil-
liam C. Kyle, praying compensation for mail transporta-
tion, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, it
was
Ordered, That sundry petitions and memorials of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying a grant of land for a railroad from
Chicago to Lake Superior, be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the papers of the heirs of Major William
Reily be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the heirs of Johannes
Sohultz, or Shuhys, be withdrawn fiom the files of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, Thar the memorial of the West Feliciana Rail-
road Company, praying a remission of duties on import-
ations ol it on, be withdiawn from the files of the Senate.
Mr. DAWSON stated that a bill for their re-
lief had been introduced during the last session,
which had not passed both Houses, and that he
should at an early day report back the same bill.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Colonel Ward Burnett,
relating to the claim of the common council of New York,
for expenditures on account of New York volunteers, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered. That the petition of Amos Knapp be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. WADE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of the heirs of
William Dickey be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
for the purpose of presenting them to the proper Depart-
ment.  
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered That the papers in the case of John B. and
Thomas Johnson bo withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr JOHNSON, is was
