40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13.
Ordered That the papers in the case of Jonathan Lewis
be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, for the purpose
of presenting them in the House of Representatives. -
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of James W. Low be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Martin Fenwick be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and refeired to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr.- ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John J. De Wolf be with-
draws from the tiles of the Senate, and releired to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John R. Jefferson be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of thp heir? of John DeTre-
ville be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and leferred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On rr^otion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Salvadora McLaughlin,
widow of John T. McLaughlin, be withdrawn Inun the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, it was
Orderedy That the petition of Mary E. D. Blaney, and
the memorial of Cornelias McCaullay, he withdrawn irom
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the legal representalivesof
John G. Mackall, the memorial of Benedict J. Heard, the
petition of the heirs of William Somerville, the memoual
of Hodges and Lansdale, and the memorial of the legal rep-
resentatives of Rinaldo Johnson, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported a bill prescribing the manner of appoint-
ing the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; which
was read a first time, and ordered to a second read-
ing.
Mr. BRIGHT. I ask the Senate to consider
the bill at this time. I will state that the object of
the bill is to place the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury on the same footing with various other
officers, whose offices are not more important than
the one he holds. The Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury is an exception to a general and import-
ant rule, without any reason in the judgment of
the " Court" for that exception.
I have before me a list of officers appointed by
the President by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, most, if not all of them less im-
portant in many respects, than the one to which
this bill relates. I will name them: Comptrollers
of the Treasury, the Treasurer of the United
States, the several Auditors of the Treasury, the
Register of the Treasury, the Commissioner of
Customs, the Assistant Treasurers of the United
States, the Commissioner, of Indian Affairs, the
Commissioner of Pensions, the Assistant Secre-
tary of State, and the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral;, hence the unanimous recommendation of the
Committee 011 Finance of a bill on this subject. 1
hope there will not be any objection to its present
consideration and passage.
The bill was read the second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to direct that the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury shall be, from and after
the passage of the act, appointed by the President
of the United States, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I desire to inquire of the
Senator from Indiana, when the Assistant Post-
masters General were ordered to be appointed in
the manner which it is proposed to adopt in
this case ?
Mr. BRIGHT. A provision was incorporated
into one of the general post route bills of the last
Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. EVERETT gave notice of his intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate the
compensation of the district judge of the United
States for the district of Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON gaVe notice of his intention I
to ask leave to introduce a bill to amend the act j
creating the western judicial district of Arkansas.* j
Mr. HUNTER gave notice of his intention to i
ask leave to introduce a bill to extend the ware- i
housing system, by establishing private bonded
warehouses, and for other purposes.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. G-WIN, according to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to establish
a line of mail steamers from San Francisco to
California, via the Sandwich Islands, to Shanghai,
in China; which was read a first and second time
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ADAMS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
duce and graduate the price of the public lands;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. FISH, in pursuance of previous notice
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to re>
imburse the common council of New York city 
for expenditures made for the first regiment of
New York volunteers; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
BANK NOTES IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
Mr. ADAMS, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pre-
vent the issue and circulation of notes of a less
denomination than five dollars within the District
of Columbia; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask that the bill
may be read a second time, with a view to its
reference. Before doing so, however, I wish to
state that my object in introducing it is only to
meet the cases embraced by a bill introduced by
me at the last session, to prevent the issue and
circulation of notes of a less denomination than
five dollars in the District. On my first visit here,
I found a general complaint in reference to the
circulation of small notes. There seemed to be
no difference of opinion, except as to the nature
of the corrective to be applied. I have learned
recently that legislation is increasingly demanded
in regard to larger notes than were embraced in
that bill. A difference of opinion, however, exists
in regard to that matter. A bill was brought for-
ward at the last session by my friend from New
York, [Mr. Pish,] which I expect he will bring
forward again, in regard to free banking in the
District. I have drawn up and presented the
same bill which I introduced at the last session,
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. I ask that it may be again
referred to the same committee.
The bill was read a second time, by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
PORT OF ENTRY AT BRUNSWICK, GEORGIA.
Mr. DAWSON offered the following resolu-
tion, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent and agreed to:
Rnolrcd, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
sti uUeii to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
port ol' entry at Krnnswick, in the State" of Georgia.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business; |
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were j
reopened, and ]
The Senate adjourned. j
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. !
Tuesday, December 13, 1853. !
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer !
by the Rev. Henry Slicer. •
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. Smyth, of Texas, appeared and took the
usual oath to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. }
[A message was here received from the Senate, 1
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec- :
retary, notifying the House that that body had I
passed a jointresolntion, entitled, " A joint resolu- I
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to j
pay the expenses of codifying and revising the
revenue laws," and asking its concurrence therein.]
Ihe SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Department of the Interior, I
transmitting, in obedience to the act of Congress,
approved May 1, 1820, a statement, showing the
balances of appropriations made for the service of
that Department, remaining in the Treasury on
the 1st of July, 1852; the appropriation made for
the fiscal year, ending 30th June, 1853; the repay-
mentsand transfers in the sametime; theamounts
applicable to the service of the years 1852-'53;
the amounts drawn therefrom in the same period;
and the balances on the 1st of July, 1853, with
such appropriations as have been carried to the
surplus fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the communi-
cation be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
HOUSE LIBRARIAN.
Mr. MAURICE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I move to reconsider the vote by which the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] to go into the election of a Librarian for
this House was rejected. I voted in the majority,
and have the right to submit the motion. Upon
it I call for the previous question.
Mr. H1BBARD. 1 move to lay the motion
upon the table.
Mr. MAURICE. I submit whether that motion
is in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the motion to lay the motion to.
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask for inform-
ation, whether, if the House refuse to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, the motion
to reconsider will be debatable?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope, then, that the
House will refuse to lay it upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
ik Resolved, That this House wil] proceed at one o'clock
to elect an officer to be called the Librarian of the House of
Representatives, who shall have charge of its books and
documents, and shall discharge the same duties and receive
the same pay that are now discharged and leceived by the
messenger appointed by the Clerk to act as Librarian :
Piovided, That said messenger shall be dispensed with,
and that the number ot moftscnger.s heieaftei employed by
the Clerk shall be one less than arc now authorized."
The question was then taken; and there were—
yeas 97, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Banks,
Barksdale, Belcher, Bissell, Bliss, Bieckinririse, Church-
well, Clark, Cobb, Crajge, Curtis, John G. Davth, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edgcrton, Ellison,
English, Fenton, Florence, Gamble, Green. Greenwood,
Glow, Wiley P. Hairis, Hastings, Hendricks, Henn, Kib-
bnrd, ILIlyer, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Ingersoll. John-
son, Daniel T. Junes, George W. Jones, Kittiedge, Kurtz,
Lamb, Latham. Lilly, Lindlev, Lindsay, McCulloch, M«-
Douga!, MeNair, Mace, Macy, Mavall. Smith Miller, Mor-
rison, Muriay, Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packer, Peck, Peek-
ham, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Pratt, Richardson, Riddle,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritchey, Robbuis, Russell, Sapp,
Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shower, Samnel A. Smith,
Fredenek P Stanton, Kichaid li. Stanton, Hestor L. Ste-
vens, Stratton, Stiaub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John
J. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vail. Variant, Wadf ,
Walker, Warren, John Wentworth, Westbrook, and Hen-
dnck B. Wright—97.
NAYS—M<j>srs. Aiken, A^he, David J. Bailey, Thomas
H. Bayly, Ball, Benson, Benton, Bocock, Iioyce, Brooks,
Bu g, Lewis 1). Campbell, Carpenter, Caruthers, Ca>kie,
Chamberlain, Chase, Chastam, Chri&man, Chngman, Col-
quitt, Cook, Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Dent, Xliek,
Dickinson, Dowdeli, Drum, Eastman, Edmands, Edmund-
son, Etheridge,Farley, Faulkner, Playler, Franklin, Goode,
Aaron Harlan, Andrew J. Harlan, Hairit-oii, Haven, Hill,
Hunt, Kent. Keir, Kidwell, Knox, Letcher, Mc^-lneen,
Matteson, Maurice, Maxwell, John G. Miller, MilJ>on,
Moigan, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Par-
ker, Pennington, John Perkins, Powell, Pringie, Puryear,
Ready, Reese, Rogers, Rufini, Sabin, Sage, Shaw. Sim-
mons, Skelton, Geirit Smith, William R. Smith, Geoige
W. Smyth, Snodgiash, Alexander H. Stephens, John L.
Taylor,Tracy, Uphain, WaWi, Ellihu B. W<^hbujne, UraeJ
Washburn, Wells, Tappan Wentworth. Wheeler, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, iates, and Zolhcoffer—9L
So the motion wag laid on the table.
Mr BAYLY, of Virginia. Th e motion to re-
consider is not laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. It is laid on the table by a
vote of 97 to 94.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from the Committee on Elections.
Mr. STA N TON, of' Kentucky, t have the tes-
timony in the contested-election cases from New
Mexico, of William Carr Lane, against the
