1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1609
ary. We have the estimates of General Totten,
whose statement we can depend upon, telling us
that it will only cost $2,300,000. Here is a letter
from Captain Meigs, written to me as a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, bearing date 25th of May, in which he
says:
"J forgot to mention, ihat, since the attempt to provide
that the work -should not be done, unless a contract should
be made to build it for §2,300,000,I have already received
an offer to build it for $2,200,000, made in good part, I
believe, and by men whom I know to be able. I should
be willing to accept such a proviso, except that it is so dif-
ficult to manage these great jobs, and better to make smaller
ones."
Now, upon whom am J to rely? This is the
statement of an educated man—of an officer edu-
cated at the public expense, understanding his bus-
iness as well as any other m the country, having
had twenty years' experience, and who has made
an able report upon this subject to President Pill-
more, and again to President Pierce. Sir, I must
rely upon his statements, rather than on the sur-
mises of gentlemen upon this floor. Now, sir, I
hope the amendment of my friend from Virginia
will be adopted. I should have preferred that it
should have been done without the amendment of
my friend from Arkansas, which has been adopted.
I do not think we should make the corporations
of Washington and Georgetown—highly respect-
able, sir, but nevertheless, comparatively poor—
partners with the Government of the United
States in carrying out this great national work. I
do not think we should burden them with one
fifth the expense of the work. I hope the Senate
will strike out that proviso.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, there being no
objection, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I offer the
following amendment:
Pi ovvled further, That tho said work and the cost thereof
shall he so reduced in its dimensions as not to include the
surplus water, amoimrtng, according to the report, to one
thousand seven hundred horse power.
Mr. Chairman, the report of Captain Meigs
proposes to bringinto thecity of Washington, for
manufacturing purposes, in addition to an ample
supply for half a million of people, water sufficient
to carry machinery at a power equal to one thou-
sand seven hundred horses. Now, 1 put it to the
House of Representatives, I put it to the Demo-
crats in the House of Representatives, whether
they are to vote to-day for bringing a power of one
thousand seven hundred horses into the city of
Washington through this aqueduct for the pur-
pose of carrying machinery ? That is the simple
question.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Does Captain Meigs rec-
ommend in his report that it should be used for
manufacturing, or does he barely suggest that it
might be so used ?
Mr. STANTON. In his report he suggests
that it can be used for all sorts of light machinery,
such as lathes, printing presses, &c. He does not
propose it, it is true, but he suggests it as the only
proper use which can be made of this surplus
water.
Now, sir, I say that this whole work has been
grossly exaggerated in point of extent and capa-
city, exaggerated beyond the wants of the city of
Washington for a century to come—yes, sir, for
a century to come. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Qhio [Mr. Olds] to furnish nine mil-
lions of gallons of water daily for a population of
three hundred thousand, would be amply sufficient
for all the prospective wants of the city; but 1 pro-
pose, by my amendment, to dispense with only the
surplus water of seventeen hundred horse power.
Is my amendment reasonable or not? If the work
is to be diminished so as to cut off seventeen hun-
dred horse power, of course the cost will be di-
minished to that extent.
Mr. VANSANT. Mr. Chairman, if a boun-
tiful supply of pure water can be introduced into
Washington and Georgetown, at an expense but
little exceeding that for a meager quantity, should
the committee hesitate as to the selection of the
source from.which the same should be taken?
Can pure water be wasted in populous cities when
there is an abundant supply for all purposes? 1
do not believe that it can. The honorable gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] has most truth-
fully said, that if the entire waters of the Potomac
could be poured into the streets and lanes of this
metropolis, it would be a bounty rarely equaled.
Honorable gentlemen, opposed to the appro-
priation, have said much of the theory of thirty
gallons per day for each inhabitant, and seem to
regard estimates for a greater quantity than this
altogether absurd. This theory might answer
very well if the recent experience of the great
cities of this country did not overturn it. Phila-
delphia—the city of right-angled streets and broad
brim hats, whose people are probably more eco-
nomical m all matters than those of any other city
in this country—consumed, on an average, for the
year 1852, 30 66-100 ale gallons for each inhabit-
ant per day, being equal to 37 42-100 wine gallons.
The gaugings of waters, and the estimates tor sup-
ply for the Washington works, both by Colonel
Hughes and Captain Meigs, are based upon the
wine or United States standard gallon.
Mr. TAYLOR. How much did Philadelphia
consume m the aggregate?
Mr. VANSANT. I do not remember the
quantity in the aggregate. I am criticising the
theory of thiity gallons as a supply for each in-
habitant per day. The Cochituate works at Bos-
ton will furnish ten million gallons daily. When
the works were completed, that quantity, it was
confidently asserted by its projectors, would be
sufficient for a population of three hundred and
fifty thousand; and yet within four years from the
completion thereof, when the city of Boston con-
tained less than one hundred and fifty thousand
inhabitants, the water board of that city, m a re-
port to the city council for the year 4852, say
that "the average consumption uf water during
the year has been at the rate of eight millions one
hundred and twenty-five thousand and sixty gal-
lons daily, bemgone million two hundred andforty-
two thousand and sixty gallons more than the
year previous, and about fifty-eight gallons to each
inhabitant of the city." During the summer
months the consumption greatly exceeded the
quantity indicated. The Croton works at New
"York, with the exception of laying a portion of
the distributing pipes, were finished in 1842, and
it was estimated that the supply of water theie-
from would be ample for a population of one mil-
lion five hundred thousand, and yetat the expira-
tion of eight years, and when the population in
the water district did not exceed four hundred and
fifty thousand, the water commissioners in their
report of 1850, said to the council of New York,
This board 7iow warns the common council, and
through it every citizen^ that the last drop oj water
ivhich the works in their present slate can supply is
now daily delivered in the city.*' And in their teport
for 1852, they remark, (referring to foimer esti-
mates touching a supply of water,) " an experi-
ence of ten years enables us to contrast these pre-
liminary calculations with actual results, and thus
to see with great certainty the requirementsof the
future. During the summer months, for two
years past, the whole flow of the Croton river has
been turned through the aqueduct, and in 1851,
for many consecutive weeks, not a drop of water
passed over the dam, and the lake formed by it
was gradually drawn down to two feet severfand
a half inches. The daily deliveiy in the city for
a large portion of these two years; has been about
thirty millions of gallons a day, often m the past
year at least five millions more drawn from the
reservoirs on the island, giving to each inhabitant
in the water district (not more than four hundred
and fifty thousand) iha daily supply of nearly ninety
gallons." What is the thirty-gallon theory worth
in the face of such facts?
Gentlemen opposed to Captain Meigs's plan
for supplying water from, the Great Falls of the
Potoeiac have compared it to the great aqueducts
of ancient Rome. No people, Mr. Chairman,
knew better than theancient Romans how to appre-
ciate the first great essential to health, and com-
fort, and cleanliness—pure water. Nearly four
hundred millions of gallons were discharged daily
into that renowned city, conveyed through twenty
aqueducts, the length of which varied from seven
to sixty miles respectively, and which furnished
a daily quantity to each inhabitant of about three
hundred and seventy-five gallons. Roman exam-
ple, in the supply of wholesome water, is meri-
torious of the imitation of the most refined civil-
ization of the present day.
The question was then taken, and Mr. Stan-
ton's amendment was rejected.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I propose to
amend by striking out $400,000 of the appropria-
tion, to enable me to continue my remarks on the
subject of the estimates. The-engineer estimates
that the bricks laid in the conduit will cost only
fourteen dollars per thousand. He has contacted
to pay for the bncks'eight dollars and seventy-five
cents per thousand. This leaves five dollars and
twenty-five cents for the work, cement, lime, sand,
&c. The laying of the bricks-in the thick walla of
the Capitol, under the superintendence of Captain
Meigs, cost, upon the authority of the Secretary
of War, who has so informed the select commit-
tee, an average of five dollars and eight cents per
thousand. Is it to be expected that this same
engineer can have bricks laid at less cost upon the
aqueduct, which is all arching, than he can upon
the Capitol: Certainly not; and if any one is
credulous enough to believe so, he is deceived.
Now let us see how the estimate stands.
Captain Meigs's estimate per thousand for
work, and materials, when done .. .$14 00
Contract price of bricks $8 75
Laying at Capitol prices 5 08
One barrel of cement 2 00
Sand...       50
Hauling and other expenses.......... 50
 $16 83
. Excess of cost over estimate $2 83
This, then, is $2 83 per thousand, which these
fifty millions of bricks are to cost more than the
estimate; and if an allowance is made for the
cost of superintending, it will swell the difference
between the cost and estimate, in this one item,
$150,000.
Now, in reference to the stone masonry. The
estimates for this are $4 37g, $5, and &5 50 per
perch, according to the kind of work to be done,
and its location. We have recently had some
experience m the cost of stone masonry, and can
form a very correct idea of what it costs Govern-
ment for such work under military engineers.
The plain massive piers erected at the Little
Falls bridge were built by a military engineer, at
a cost, if all expenses are included, of eleven dol-
lars per perch. The engineer who unfortunately
had charge of the work admitted in his defense of
himself in the Union, that the cost was as much
as eight dollars. 1 differ from him, and believe my
statement to be coirect; but, take his as the basis
of calculation, and it exceeds an avenge of Captain
Meigs's estimates as much as thite dollars per
perch. The work on the budges, culverts, &c.,
of the aqueduct should be done quite as well as
that upon the piers of the Little Falls bridge; and
who for a moment supposes that under Captain
Meigs's management it can be done for less?
Mr. CRA1GE. Did Captain Meigs build the
bridge at the Little Falls?
Mr. STANTON. It was built by theGovern-
ment, and superintended by a military engineer.
Mr. CRAIGE. Was it Captain Meigs who
made the estimates for it ?
Mr. STANTON. I do not know that any
estimates were ever made. The engineer who
built it maintained that the woik had been built
at a very cheap cost. That cost was, according
to his admission, eight dollars per perch. 1 make
it eleven dollars. If eight dollars is cheap, it is
hardly possible that Captain Meigs can have the
work done for less, at a greater distance from the
city, and under iar greater disadvantages. It is
idle to think so; and if gentlemen would only
consult facts in preference to their partialities and
prejudices, and take a common sense, practical
view of the subject, they would see the matter in
a different light. The estimates of Captain Meigs
for the stone masonry is too low by at least ihree
dollars per perch. The experience of the Gov-
ernment proves it.
But Captain Meigs and the Secretary of War
do not agree in regard to the cost of the brick
conduit. Captain Meigs, in his printed estimates
sent to Congress, sets down the cost at $4 50 per
running foot. For questioning the accuracy of
his estimates, we are looked upon, in some quar-
ters, as guilty of almost treason. Sir, he is talked
about as if he were infallible, as if it were impos-
bJe for him to err. The Secretary of War does not
seem to place much reliance upon his infallibility;
for here 1 have before me his answer to questions
propounded by the select committee, in which he
says the cost will be $8 17 per foot, instead of
50. The Secretary of War is nearer right;
