42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 13,
Mr. ORR. I call for the previous question.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I will withdraw my
amendment, and move another.
The SPEAKER. The> previous question is
demanded, and no other amendment can be re-
ceived.
Mr. CLtNGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. I made a motion to amend, which the
Chair may not have heard. I proposed to amend
by providing that the Committee on Ways and
Means shall be authorized to employ a clerk in
the usual manner, at the usual rate of'compensa-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood the
gentleman to make a suggestion to that effect, but
* not as an amendment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I intended to have made
that motion,and I supposed f was so understood.
Mr. SAGE. 1 propose now to move to amend
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. No amendment is now in
order, the previous question having been de-
manded.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Tennessee as having with-
drawn his proposition to amend ?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I do withdraw it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is no proposition
to amend before the House, 1 move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Many Voices. That's right.
The resolution was again reported by the Clerk.
'Mr, RICHARDSON. 1 demand tellers upon
the motion to lay the resolution upon the table.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs Richardson
and Campbell, of Illinois were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 78, noes 80.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 93; as
follows:
YEAS.—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe, David
J". Bailey, Hall, iJerison. Bunion, BRsell, Boyce, Hrooks,
flujrg, Lewis D. Campbell, Carpenter, Ciiamberiain, Chase,
Ohastam, Chrisman, Clark, Ohogman, Cobb, Colquitt,
O-orwm, Crocker, Culloni, Curtis, Dent, Dick, Dickinson,
Dowdell, Eddy, Edmundson, Ellison, English, Fenton,
Flagler, Gamble, Giddmgs, Greenwood, Grow, Aaron
Harlon, Andrew J. Harlan, Sampson W. Hairis, Harrison,
Ihestei, Hill, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Letcher,
Lilly, Lmdley, Lindsley, Lyon, McCulloch, McQueen,
Matteson, Maurice, Meaeham, Miildleswarth, John G.
Miller, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Murray, Noble,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Mordccai Oliver, Peck, Peckham,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, Pratt, Pringle, Pnryear,
lteatty, Richardson, l>uvid Ritchie, Thoiuas Ritchey,
Sahm, Sage, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Simmons,
Singleton, Gerrit Smith, William R. Smith, Snodgra&s,
golfers, Richard II. Stanton, Smuton, Andrew Smart,
JoMfcJ. Taylor, Tracy, Upham, Vansant, Wade, W&lkei,
Walfh, John YVentwoith, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
Ilemiriek B. Wright, and Zollicoffer—106.
NATS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Thomas [I, Rayly,
Banks, Barkwlalo, Rarry, Relcher, Bliss, Uocock, Breck-
inridge, Oaruthers, Caskie, Chandler, Churchwell, Cook,
Cox, Craige, JolmG. Davis, Dawson. Disney, Drum, Dun-
ham, Enstman, Edgerton, Edmands," fcthoudge, Eveiharl,
Kwing, -Farley, Faulkner, Floience, Franklin, Goode,
Green, Wiiey P. Harris, Hastings, Haven, Hendricks,
Ilenn, Hibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Howe, Hughes, Hunt,
Jngers-oll, Geoige W. Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittrodge,
Kurtz, Lamb, Larie, McDougal, McKair, Mace, Macy,
Maxwell, May, Mayall, Moriison, Nichols, Olds, urr.
Parker, John Perkins, fhelps, Powell, Recso, Riddle,
ftobbms, Uiilfin, Russell, Sapp, Shannon, Shower, Skel-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, George W. Smyth, Alexander II.
Stephen^, Hester L. Stevens, David Stuait, John L. Tay-
lor, Thurston, Trout, Vail, Wanen, Elfihu B. Washbume
Israel Washburn, Wells, Webtbrook, Witte, Daniel B. I
Wright, and Yates—93. I
So the resolution lies on the table. I
Mr. SOLLERS. I wish to know whether it 1
is now in order to offer a resolution ? I
The SPEAKER. It is not now in order.
Mr. SOLLERS. I move a suspension of the
rules, for the purpose of enabling me to offer a
resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, That is not in
order either.
The SPEAKER. Tt is only in order to sus-
pend the rules on Mondays.
Mr. SOLLERS. I thought that the rules could
be suspended any day by two thirds of the mem-
bers present.
The SPEAKER. No. Motions to suspend
the rules can only be made on Mondays.
The SPEAKER then proceeded with, and con-
cluded the call of committees for reports; but no
reports were submitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
there is a resolution pending introduced by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasijburne] yester-
day, which now comes up for consideration.
BINDING OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. MURRAY. I was not in my seat just
now, when the Committee on Printing was called
for reports, but I have a report which I desire to
submit. I am instructed by the Committee on
Printing to offer the following resolution, and I
ask that it may now be put upon its passage:
Resolved, That the Executive Documents, the printing
of additional copies of which has been ordered during the
present session, or may during either session of the present
Congress, be ordered by either Hou&e of Congress, and the
size of which shall not be less than two hundred pages,
such additional copies shall be bound under the direction
of the Joint Committee on Punting: Provided, That the
cost shall not exceed twelve and a half cents per volume
for the whole number ordered.
The question was then taken, and the resolution
was adopted.
POWERS OF CONGRESS IN KEGARD TO THE
CONSTRUCTION OF RAILROADS.
The SPEAKER. The following resolution,
offered by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] comes up first in order as unfin-
ished business:
" Resolved, That as incidental to, and indispensable for,
the exercise of the powers conlerted by the Constitution
upon the Congres.-. of the United States, to provide for the
common defense and geneial welfare, is the power to con-
struct railroads through the Territories of the United States,
lor the purpose of incilitaung the transportation of the
mails and the munitions of war." •
The question pending, when it was last under
consideration, was upon the motion of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Smith] to lav it upon
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the roll
having been called, there were—yeas 118, nays 75;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, David J. Bailey,
Thomas II. Bajly, Bdiksd.ile, Belcher, Benton, Bliss, Bo-
cocJf, Boyre, Uieekmndgo, Brooks, ChambeiJam, Chas-
tain, Chnsman, Churchwell, Clingmau, Cobb, Colquitt,
Oraige, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dent, l)e Witt, Disney,
Dowdell, Drum, Dtmbai, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Eng-
lish, Swing, Faulkner, Fenton, Florence, Fuller, Gamble
Goode, Green, Greenwood, Giow, Sampson W. Hturia!
Wiley P. Mams, Hemi, Hibbaid, Hiilver, Hous-
ton, Hughes, Ingf>isoli, Johnson, Daniel T. JonV*, Geoige
W. Jones, Kent, Kidivefl, Kiftredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Lane
Letcher, Lilly, LimWey, McNair, McQueen, Mace, Macy'
Maxwell, May, Mnynll, Smith Miller. JJiflson, Morrison'
Murray. Nichols, Noble, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer Peck'
Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Phelps, Philips, Powell,'Pratt'
Reese, Thomas Kirchey, Rabbin*, Kogeia-, Hutfin, Seward'
.Seymour, Shannon, tfhaw, Shower, Simmons, Sin-leton'
Skelton, William R< Smith, George W. Smyth, Snodgra®^
Alexander H. Stephens. lienor L. Stevens* Stiaub, David
Stuait, Trout, Vail, Vansant, Walker, WaMi, Warren
Wc^tbroolc, Wheeler, Wute. Daniel K. Wright, and Hen!
drick B. VVnght—118. ° 3
NAYS— Messrs. James c\ Allen. Willis Allen, Ball
Benson, Bissell, Bugg, Lewis D. Campbell, Caipenter!
Caruthers, Chandler, Chase, Clark, Cook, Corwin, Ctillom
Dawson, Dick, Dickinson, Eastman, Edmands, Ellison'
Ltheridge, Farley, Flagler, Franklin, Giddings, Aaron Har-
lan, Ilnrn&on, Haven, IJiester, Hill, Howe, Hunt. Kerr
Knox, Latham, Lmdley, McCulloch, McDougal, Matteson>
Maurice,Meaeham, Middlmvairh, John G. Miller, Morgan'
Norton, Murdecai Olivei, Paiker, Pemmi ton, John Per-
kins, Pringle, Puryear, Ready, Riehaidson, David Ritchie
KwsseH, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Samuel A. Smith, Frederick
P. btanton, Richard H. Stanton, Andiew Stuart, John I,
kn\iffr'Jra°yi pvcr?'VP[ia«h Wade, Waibudge,Kllihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells. John Wentworth
Tappan Wentwonh, and Yates—75. '
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Previous to the announcement of the result of
the above vote-
Mr. ASHE said: I was not within the bar when
my name was called. If I had been, I should
most certainly have voted in tile affirmative,
Mr. CASKIE. Had 1 been within the bar
when my name was called, I should have voted in
the affirmative, also.
[Here a message was received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickixs, Esq., its Sec-
retary notifying the House that that body had
passed a bill of the following title: " An act pre-
scribing the manner of appointing the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury;"and asking its con-
currence therein.]
RESOLUTIONS OF THANKS TO GEN. WOOL.
Mr. BISSELL. I offer the following resolu-
tions for the adoption of the House, and move
their referenc#^o the Committee on Military
Affairs:
Resolved unanimously by the Senate and House of Rep.
resentatives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due, and are
hereby tendered to Brevet Major General John B. Wool, for
his distinguished services in the late war with Mexico ; and
especially for the skill, enterprise, and courage winch dia
tmgui&hed his conduct at Buena ViMa.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause a
sword, with suitable devices, to be presented to General
Wool, as a testimony of the high sense entertained hy
Congress of his gallant and judicious conduct on thafc
memorable occasion.
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause a
I copy of the foregoing resolutions to be transmitted to
; General Wool.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. YATES. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Whereas, the construction of a railroad through the
territories ot the United States is imperiously demanded for
the safe and rapid transportation of the mails, munitions of
waiy and the public moneys, between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific coastt?; and whereas, the sentiment of the American
people is decidedly favorable to its construction, legaiduig
it as a political, financial, military, and social necessity—a
vim! demand of our empne, our commerce, and our civiliza-
tion—necessary m opening and making marketable and
accessible our vast empire of the interior—necessary to bind
our Pacific domain to us, and to secure to ourselves the
commerce of the Pacific seas—necessary to the umtv and
promptitude of government, representation, administration,
and defense; and necessary to the greatest prosperity and
Highest destiny of the nation: Therefore,
Resolved, That it is the duty of this Congress, as soon as
it can determine from the reports of the surveys' ordered by
the last Congress the best route, to pass an act providing for
the immediate commencement and early completion of said
road.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
resolution be laid upon the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ORR. I should like to have the resolution
read ov.er again.
The resolution was accordingly read by the
Clerk a second time.
The question was then put on the motion to
lay the resolution on the table and resulted—yeas
119, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen.
Willis Allen, Ashe, David J. Railev, Thomas H. Bavly'
Hanks, Barksdale, Barry. Belcher, Bliss, Bocock. Boyce!
Breckinridge, Brooks, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chastam
Chnsman, Churchwell, Clingman, Cobb, Colquitt, Owe,
John G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, De Witt, Dismv, Dowdell,
Drum, Dunbar, Dunham, Eddy, Edgerton, Edmundson,
English, Ewing, Faulkner, Florence, Franklin. Fuller,
Gamble, Goode, Green, Greenwood, Grow, Simpson W.
Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Hastings, Hendricks, Elibbard,
Hillyer, Houston, Ingersoll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
Geoige W. Jones, Kent, K>rr, Kid well, Kittredije, Kurtz,
Lamb, Lane, Letcher, Liliv, McNair, McQueen, IVIace.
Macy, Maurice, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison,
Murray, Nichols, Noble, Andrew Ohvei, Otr, Packer. Peck,
Peckham, Bishop Perking Philips, Pratt. Purvcar, Reese,
Xhomas llitchey, Robbins, Rogers, Ruffin, Seward. Sey-
mour. Shannon, Shaw, Shower,Simmon*,Singleton'.Skel-
ton, Gerrit tfnnth, Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith,
bno<lgrass, Alexander H.Stephens, Andrew Stuart, John
i Vail, Vansant, WaMi, Westbrook,
\\'heWer, Witte, Daniel B. Wright, and Hendnck B.
Wright—119. ® J
NAYS—Messrs. Ball, Benson. Bisscll, Busg, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chandler, Clark, Cook, Corwm, Cox, Crocker.
Cniiom, 1 homas Davis, Dick, Dickinson, Edmaniis, Elli-
son, Etheridge, Everhart, Farley, Flauler, Giddmirs, Aaron
Harlan, Harrison, Hipster, Hill, Howe, Hushes, Hunt,
Knox, Latham, Lmdley, Lindsley, McCulloch,'McDougal,
Matteson, Meacham, Mxidleswarth, John G. Miller, Mor-
gan, Aorton, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker, Penmngton, John
Perkins, Pringle, Ready, David Ritchie, Russell. Sabin,
K_age, Sapp, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. btanton, Straub, John L. Tavlor, Thutstmi,
t* ',Cui ^ Walker, Ellihu R. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentworth, Yates,
and Zollicoffer—68.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
BINDING OF DOCUMENTS.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. A resolution
was reported from the Committee on Printing, a
lew minutes ago, and adopted. I now rise for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration of the vote
J ii u ^ was Passe(i« It is important that it
should be reconsidered, for this reason: we in-
tended that it should be a joint resolution of both
Houses, but the enacting clause is not inserted,
it is important that the resolution should be sent
Y1® ^>enate for concurrence. It is relative to
the binding of extra documents ordered by either
