1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1611
for bricks that we have heard so much complaint
of this morning in reference to the aqueduct, of
eight dollars per thousand. On the contrary, he
has made his own brick, out of the clay upon the
premises, and, as he assures me, at a cost of not
, exceeding"five dollars per thousand.
The Secretary of the interior informs us, and
such is the opinion of Dr. Nichols, that the ap-
propriation named in my amendment will com-
plete the present portion of the building and the
grounds, as it was originally intended it should
be completed. In this they may be mistaken,
but I hope not. I ask the committee if they will
not take charge of it now as their own matter, as
they did when the House originated the proposi-
tion for this asylum, and make what they deem a
proper grant to complete their own work i hope
they will, and that theaopropriation will be voted.
The amenduient was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
For running and marking the boundary lino between
the United States and the Republic ntf Mexico, under Hie
tieaty concluded atthecityofMexico outhe3uth December,
1853, the sum of$16S,130, to be disbursed under indirec-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided* That there
shall tie allowed and paid to the commissioner, survevor,
and astronomer, appointed, or to be appointed, for the ptir
po e aforesaid, each a Hilary at the rate of $H,0u0 per
a.iiium, and thai if the duties of either Pave been, or shall
be. performed by an officer of the Army, hn pay during
the nine of such employment shall be increased to that
sum.
By the terms of the treaty made between the
Unued States and the Mexican Government, the
ratifications of which were exchanged on the first
of this month, a provision is made lor the running
of this boundary line between the United States
and Mexico. I mean for running so much of the
boundary line as by the terms ot the treaty do
not correspond with the boundary as laid down by
the treaty of Guadalupe Eiidalgo.
The Secretary of the Interior submits to us an
estimate on which that amendment is proposed.
The previous commissioner, who was engaged in
completing the work on the boundary between
the United States and Mexico, was required to
submit an estimate of the sum adequate and suffi-
cient to complete the running of this line. He
estimates that from twelve to eighteen months will
be requited for the purpose of completing it; and
he estimates the amount indicated in this amend-
ment as being ample. lie thinks that if no
accident devolve on the work, and if no delays
shall occur when engaged in the prosecution of
this line, the work may be completed in perhaps
twelve months, or a little longer, if so, the
amount of money now asked to be appropriated
will be more than will be required for that purpose.
It is important that this money should be ap-
propriated now; for by the terms of the treaty it
has been agreed that the commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the respective Governments of the
United States and Mexico shall meet within three
mouths after the exchange of the ratifications of
the treaty in the town of El Paso, on the bor-
ders ot New Mexico, and there enter upon the
discharge of their duties. I am informed that
these ratifications have been exchanged on the first
of July. I shall not detain the committee with
any further remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not rise to j
oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman j
from Missouri, but to suggest an amendment to j
it, or to move one. I propose to insert, after the .
word il pay," in that amendment, in the line be- l
fore the last, the words i( including emoluments." j
The amendment will then read— |
" hi* pay, including emoluments, shall be increased to the ;
game amount " * i
Mr. PHELPS. I have no objection to the pro- j
posed amendment. I will modify my amendment ,
as suggested. - i
Mr. JONES. It will be right to do so. Itgives 1
the civil officer who may be appointed the amount
of pay and emoluments. j
Mr. PHELPS, (interrupting.) I agree to the ;
modification. It was the intention to have had the
amendment drawn up in that form.
Mr. JONES. I proposed the amendment be-
cause in the Army pay is a technical word, and
does not include emoluments.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. LATHAM. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For building an appraiser's store in the city of San
Francisco, California, $75,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretaiy oi the Treasury.
I would not have troubled the House by offer-
ing this amendment, but that the matter had been
intrusted by the Secretary of the Treasuiy to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breckinridge,]
who is upon the Committee of Ways and Means,
but who is detained from the House to-day by
sickness, and that I feared that the bill might be
finished this afternoon, and thus the opportunity
be lost for that gentleman to offer it. A recom-
mendation has been made for this appropriation,
by the Secretaryof the Treasury, in a letter which
I hold in my hand, and which I will send to the
Cleik's desk to be read.
Suffice it for me to say, that the Government is
now paying a rent of $1,800 per month, or §21,600
per annum, for a store which is too small lor the
business of the appraiser's office.
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. I rise to a question of
order, i wish to know if this is an original prop-
osition or not? I wish to know whether this is
a matter provided for by law? If not, the amend-
ment is not in order.
Mr. LATHAM. I will state that the House
has already appropriated §150,000 to buy the
custom-house lot in San Francisco. This ap-
praiser's office is to be placed upon that lot The
letter of the Secretary will show how the matter
stands better than anything 1 can say, and I
therefore ask that it may be read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Trfasury Dfpartment, January 4.1851.
Sir: I have the honor to inclose, tor the consideration
of the House .of Representatives, a copy of a letter ad-
dressed to thts depaiinient by R. J. Hammond, collector at
San Francisco, and .Samuel J. Bridge, genera! appraiser
for California, the two being also acting commissioners of
public buildings.
These gentlemen represent the insufficieNcy of size of
the rented building now occupied as an appraiser's siore,
and the large rent paid; and recommend the construction
of a building one hundred and twenty feet by forty live
leet ten inches, on the lot (being part of the public re-
serves) on winch the new custom house has been com-
menced, by which the business of the port will be accom-
modated, and the cost of the building be saved in less than
lour years.
I respectfully recommend that the sum of seventy five
thousand dollaio (.?7o,0UU) b« appropriated for ihe proposed
building, to be expended under the direction of this De-
partment, wiih a proviso that the said appropriation is not
to take effect until the State of California shall release mle
in said land to the United States.
Permit me aho to suggest the great advantage of the ap-
propriation (it piopcrm the judgment of the Hou^e) being
made at once, lor the reason* stated by Messrs. Hammond
and Bridge. 1 am, very respectfully,
JAMES GUTHRIE,
iSccretmy oj the Treasury.
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker Hou^c of llepret>eiilativc>.
The CHAIRMAN, The iule upon the subject,
the Chair thinks, is positive, and must control.
The Chair is of opinion that the amendment is not
in order. The rule provides that no amendment
shall be in order to a general appropriation bill for
any expenditure not previously authorized by law,
unless m continuation of appropriations for such
public works and objects as are already in prog-
ress, and for contingencies for carrying on the
several Departments of the Government.
This being a new appropriation, the Chair is
constrained to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to strike out
the nine hundred and twenty-ninth, nine hundred
and thirtieth, and nine hundred and thirty-first
lines, and insert the following, which refeis to
the same subject:
For compensation of twenty laborers in the public
ground^ and President's gaiden, at forty dollars per month
each, Provide'', Fifteen of said men shall be em-
ployed in the grounds about the Capitol, and sneh public
reservations and streets as are under the supervision of the
public gardener, ami the other five at the grounds around
the President's Mansion.
I do not wish to detain the committee. I have
a letter from the public gardener, and also one
from the Commissioner of Public Buildings, but
I will not lake up the time of the committee by
having them read.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the letters will be
read.
Mr. TAYLOR. Very well; I certainly have
no objection.
The letters were read, as follows:
Office Commissioner.of Pobmc Buii-dinos, )
Capitol, May 18M. >
Sir: f have the honor to inclose a letter from
Maber, the public gardener, to me, asking for additional
as-is-tance in the performance of the dunes incident to his
office, and setting forth his reasons theielbr.
Mr. Maber is the only public gardener known to the law,
and was formerly charged with the oveisight, under ihe
Commissions of Public Buildings, of all the horticultural
improvements under the General Government, in Wash-
ington ; and he was allowed by law sixteen men and two
horses an.I carts io carry on these improvtnenrs. Within
the past year, by direction of the Secretary of the Tntetior,
the giounds around the Presidential Mansion were placed
under the especial direction of a person denominated by
way o( distinguishing hun from the " public gardener,"
the "President's gardener." On assigning the duiies of
this office, f found Mr. John Wait (one of (he sixteen
laborers authorized by law) in charge of the kitHien gar-
den and green house at the President's.; and when the
Secretary directed the division of the grounds, having
ascertained that Mr. Watt was- the most competent person
to lake charge of ihe grounds around the Piesnleitt's Man-
sion, I appointed htm to that duty, he still receiving only
the pay ot a laborer. This involved the necessity ot divid-
ing the force under Mr. Maher. Nine of the men were
leit under liim, and ihe other six were placed under Mr.
Wait.
The committee will perceive that while Mr. Maher had
comrol ot the sixteen men, he coi^d, when occasion re-
quired, detail the entire force for any emergency. Now, he
cannot; and when his work presses, lie is materially short-
handed ; and I think his request, that he may be allowed
six rtlore idfcn, is but reasonable, and ought to be granted.
Mr. VIaher has been long in the public service a«« gar-
dener. He has been faithful, and has taken a deep interest
and great pride in forming and beautifying ihe public
grounds. Since the grounds have been divided, he has not
sultered that interest to lag, but, if possible, has been more
energetic and watchful than before, and the committee have
but to examine io see in what admirable order all the
giounds now under him are kept.
To enable him to continue them in this order, to take
proper care of the large number of trees under his charge,
and to do properly the labor incident to his position he a ks
the addition ot six men and iwo horses and carts,
I respectfully recommend that the committee take his re-
quest into favorable consideration.
1 am, with high respect, your obedient =ervanr,
B. B. FRI/NOU,
Commissioner oj Public Buildings.
Hon. Burton Craige, Chairman of ihe Committee on
Pubhc Buii'hngs and Giounds> House of Representatives,
United jStates.
Washington, May 25, 1854.
Dear Sir : Agreeable to your request, I give you the
outlines of what is necessary and required. I am doing the
be&t 1 can with the labor of nine hand-, to keep ihe Capitol
grounds and all your avenues, trees and boxes, including
breakage of boxes by runaway horses and carriages, storms,
&c. Also, from Ea^t Capitol street to Georgetown; from
Cat roll's bridge to the railroad depot; from Pennsylvania
avenue, Fourteenth street to the Island ; from Pennsylva-
nia avenue, Twelfth street to ihe Island ; from Pennsylva-
nia avenue Seventh street to the Island ; from Pennsylva-
maaverme, Four-and a half street f" the Island; two reser-
vations near the canal, and all around Ihe Capitol square. All
those ti ees were planted by James Maher, pubhc gardener.
There was one thousand ol tin m planted within *\x months.
They require attention. 1 am doing the best I can with the
few hands I have got, but itis out of my power io do justice
to the Capitol ground* and tree*, with the number ol hands
at present employed, having at least ten miles double lows
of trees and boxes, on avenues and streets to attend to, be-
sides the Capitol grounds. It would require at lea-t the
labor of titteen hands to do if justice ; also iwo horses and
carts. Very respectfully &c.,
JAM'IW MAHER, Public Gardener.
B B. French, Commissioner o/ Public Buildings.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is not necessary that I
should say anything m addition, i will only re-
mark that this amendment is recommended by the
Commissioner on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and seems to be necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We pay these
men now forty dollars per month, instead of thirty
dollars, as that communication states.
Mr. TAYLOR, it does not propose to increase
the pay of these men at all.
Mr. HOUSTON. It increases the number of
laborers to twenty-two. Itadds six to the sixteen
now employed. I believe that sixteen are too
many.
The amendment was rejected,
Mr. PHELPS. I move the following amend-
ment:
To enable the Secretary of the. Treasury to replace the
money* already paid for rents and to pay the semi annual
payment of rent tailing due on the 1st day of January, 1855,
on the two leases, each bearing date 19th day of August,
1853 j one thereof with the Bank of the city ot New York,
an d the other thereof from the Bank ot Commerce, both
being for property on Wall street, in the city of New York,
leased for the uses of the assay office in the cny of New
York, $68,458 33.
Mr. Chairman, I ask that that amendment may
be considered as coming in under the head of mis-
cellaneous items. It merely proposes an appro-
priation of money for the rent of buildings in the
use of the Gove'nment, and is recommended by
the Secretary of the Treasury by communication
received from him to-day.
