1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1618
For watchman and messenger inside of the President's
Hotife, ($50(1 each,) @1,000.
For removing fences, &c., preparatory to extension of
Capital square, $15,000.
For addinomil lighting consequent on the increase of
light on Pennsylvania ^vemn1, and to keep the lamps
lighted through the night, (in addition to regular appropiui-
tion,) $13,(00.
For grading and graveling Delaware, avenue, &c., .$4,030.
The general appropriation bill, lines nine hundred and
twenty-nine, nine hundred and thirty, and nine hundted
and thirty one contain the appropriation for the sixteen
men.
Should the committee comply with Mr. Maher's request,
an amendment to read as follows, in lieu of it, would be
proper:
" For compensation to twenty-two laborers m the public
grounds and President's garden, at $40 per month each,
$10,500 CO : Provided, That fifteen of said men shall be
employed in the grounds about the Capitol, and such pub-
lic reservations and streets as aie under the supervision of
the public gardener, and the other six at the grounds aiound
the Presidential Man>ion.'"
For inclosing Franklin square, &c., $'16,550.
For inclosing and improving two tuangular spaces on
Pennsylvania avenue, &.e ,$9,000.
For extending the eulveit across Tiber creek from Penn-
sylvania avenue to the north side of B street north,
$28,601'.
(1 iqgaid this as one of the most important improvements
in this city, ho fai as regaula health and comfort.)
To pay two men in ebaige of the greeri-hotu>e at the
President's, one to be foreman, $1,060,
Although 1 believe mo^t of the estimates, and perhaps all,
submitted by me lmpoitant, those above referted to are
particularly &o—some of them so much so that the public
service will suffer it they au> not made.
I am, with great respect, the committee's obedient ser-
vant, B. tt. FRENCH,
Commissioner oj Public Buildings.
Before the reading was finished,
Mr. LETCHER said: That will do. This is i
but a recapitulation of the amendment itself. I
want to know the reason for making these appro-
priations. Here is an appropriation for a furnace
keeper for the President's House. Now, the
furnaces at the President's House have not hereto-
fore been without a keeper. Who has attended to
them ?
Mr. TAYLOR. The letter of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings will probably show, if the
gentleman will allow the reading to be finished.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I see how it is.
The gentleman from Ohio has merely copied the
letter of the Commissioner in his amendment.
Mr. TAYLOR. The estimates for winch the
amendment provides are contained in the letter. |
Mr. LETCHER. But that is not what I what
to know. I want the reason. Who takes care of
the President's furnaces now?
Mr. TAYLOR. I can only state to the gentle-
man that the Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds received this communication from
the Commissioner of the Public Buildings and
Grounds, and I suppose he has charge of them.
Mr. LETCHER. That is exactly my idea
about it. The Committee on the Public Buildings
and Grounds received this communication from
the Commissioner of the Public Buildings and
Grounds, and then, without making any inquiry
into the matter, they come here, present the
amendment, and say that because he is the Com-
missioner, appointed by the President, this House
must swallow whatever he chooses to offer. Sir,
I do not belong to any such squad, which rec-
ognizes the right of any official in this Govern-
ment to come here and requne me to swallow a
dose, unless he can assign a good reason for it
before he does require it.
Nov/, when this Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds come here, they ought to
be ready to explain the necessity for this matter.
We ought riot to have been asked to take it on
trust, merely because an officer of the Govern-
ment says so. Why, sir, it looks as if persons
who wanted office were rather more numerous
than the offices themselves; hence this proposition
to create the new office of furnace-keeper under
the President's House.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is a matter of perfect
indifference to me whether any of these ap-
propriations are made or not. The gentleman's
economy seems to grow larger and more strict
while there is a Democratic President in the
White House. I have no objection to it. I take
it for granted that a committee of this House is
not required to run all over the public buildings
and grounds; and that if they inquire, officially,
what is wanted for keeping up and repairing the
public buildings and grounds, they have done
their full duty. I understand that the House of
Representatives will, on official statement, vote
the usual appropriation. I do not understand
that there is anything unusual in the items of
appropriation 1 have submitted for the adoption
of the committee.
The gentleman from Alabama states that the
Commissioner of the Public Buildings and
Grounds asks for iron flagging for the walk in
front of the Patent Office. He has asked for no
such thing; neither have the Committee on
the Public BuiMmgand Grounds recommended it.
We recommended what the Commissioner of the
Public Buildings and Grounds, in an official let-
ter to the committee, said the Secretary of the In-
terior recommended; and I state to the gentleman
from Virginia, that his own Secretary has recom-
mended these things. The Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds were liberally dis-
posed to grant them.
It is a matter of perfect indifference to me wheth-
er one dollar be appropriated or not: but acting as
a member of the House, and considering the re-
commendations of the Secretary of the interior as
proper ones, not unusual, I, for one, consented to
these amendments. I desired to appropriate lib-
erally for the public buildings and grounds of this
city. It is said by the Commissioner that the
amendments were presented to the Committee of
Ways and Means, but were rejected; why, i kYiow
not. Did the gentlemen of that committee go and
examine these buildings and giounds m person? if
they did, they lessened, in my opinion, their re-
spectability very much, i am sure that I would
not go in person to these places and examine
whether every dollar and cent was required, if
these things arecommunicated officially by the Com-
missioner of the Public, Buildings and Grounds,
and the Secretary of the Interior, as necessary, J
do not think that I, as one of the members of the
Committee on the Public Buildings and Grounds
can be upbraided for submitting them to the con-
sideration of this body by the instructions of that
committee. Not at all. I do not offer these
amendments in my individual capacity as a Rep-
resentative from the State of Ohio. I offer them
by instruction of the Committee on the Public
Buildings and Grounds; and i am unwilling to be
reproached for asking the usual appropriations to
keep the public buildings and grounds in order.
If this House leject these appiopnations, be it
so. I do not care whetheryou appropriate a dol-
lar to keep the President's House in order or not-,
but I believe, as a Representative of the people,
that we ought to make the necessary and reason-
able appropriations to keep up the public property.
You should make Washington city creditable to
the nation, and not niggardly inquire into the
wood burned at the President's; whether we will
take care of the trees planted on your avenues
and in the grounds, or whether we will allow the
public gardener six additional hands when his
duty is doubled. I do notinquire into such econ-
omy as that; and if I were chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, f would not under-
take to say that the public gaidener did not require
additional assistance. Forone, I have discharged
my duty, I have offered the amendments as I
was instructed by the committee of which I am a
member, and it rests with the House whether
they are adopted or not.
The question was then taken upon the amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. LE TCHER. I move to strike out ail ex-
cept the last clause of the amendment. I do so
in order that I may say that the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Taytor] is oneof the last men I would
undertake to reproach, either here or elsewhere,
as I entertain for him the highest personal respect.
But it does seem to me, however, that some
of the doctrines laid down by that genileman are
the most extraordinary that I have ever heard
broached. The gentleman says it is enough for
him to know that a Secretary recommends tin ap-
propriation to authorize him to vote for it. Where,
then, is the necessity for this House, or any other
legislative body, if everything that the Secretary
of the Interior or Secretary of the Treasury or
any other Government official proposes, is to be
received as entirely right and proper 5 If the
House and the Senate are to indorse all proposi-
tions because they come from Government offi-
cials, then, sir, they are certainly very useless
bodies. I hold that when the Secretary of the
Interior makes a recommendation, that he stands
before this House exactly as any individual
stands who comes here with a private claim. I
i maintain that the Committee on Public Buildings,
1 the Committee of Claims, the Committee on the
Judiciary, and, indeed, all other committees, are
organized with a view to protect this House, by
a careful examination of the matters that may
be submitted to them, so that they may be enabled
to state, when these questions come< up for con-
sideration, whethertheyareright or wrong. I, as a
Representative of the people, do not acknowledge
the right of any Secretary under this Administra-
tion, as I did not admit the right of any Secre-
tary under the last Administration, to telfrne that
here is a recommendation, and because I have
made it, you have no right to cavil about it. If
this doctrine is to be carried out, representative
responsibility and representative independence,
will be soon destroyed. The recommendations of
Government officers should be subjected to the
same examination to which propositions of other
individuals are subjected that come before this
House for appropriations. Do they occupy a
higher ground than individual claimants who come
here? They occupy a higher official station, to
be sure, but they are entitled to no greater consid-
eration than individual claimants who come here
with claims that they believe to be just. Com-
mittees are organized to investigate these cases;
and, by investigation, to satisfy the House that
they are right. I take it, if these propositions
were all important, and it was necessary that an
appropriation should be made to carry them out,
that the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds would be enabled to furnish the House
with satisfactory reasons in favor of each and
| every item. In addition to that, if they were rea-
; sonable and necessary, I take it that the Commit-
I tee of Ways and Means, the official organ of this
House, so far, at least, as its expenditures are con-
cerned , would have been furnished such light upon
this subject as would show that these appropria-
tions were required by the public interests to be
made. Instead of that, the Committee of Ways
and Means have not been furnished with informa-
tion which would authorize them to say that the
appropriation is necessary. All we have to justify
our action is what the Commissioner of Public
Buildings has said to the Secretary of the Interior,
and what the Secretary, relying upon the Com-
missioner's recommendation, has proposed for
adoption by this House.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. When the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means offer a proposition to
purchase trees, and plants and to make hot-beds, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] makes
no objection. He makes no inquiry as to the
propriety of granting the appropriation, but takes
it for granted that that committee has done its
duty, as I have no doubt it has. They then go
on and make appropriations of $22,000 for light-
ing the President's House, and keepingthe public
grounds m repair, &c. To this the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] takes no excep-
tion. But the very moment that the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds thinks proper
to offer, through me—m the absence of the chair-
man, the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Craige,] detained from his seat by sickness—an
amendment, he comes in and takes exception.
Nov/, it is not an amendment which we have not
examined, as the gentleman supposes; for we have
got the be3t information in our power m relation
to it. And what is that information? Why, we
requested a gentleman connected with the public
service, whom we supposed to be the best ac-
quainted with the matter, to give us aU the inform-
ation he possessed in regard to it. This we got;
and I venture to say there is not a committee in
this House better informed on any subject re-
ported by it.
The gentleman does not surely pretend to say
that the Committee of Ways and Means have
oone and inquired the price of painting the Cap-
itol, or of lighting it. They have not gone into
the market themselves to prosecute such inquiries.
But they merely get the estimates from the proper
, sources, and act on them. I take it for granted,
| therefore, that the gentleman does not require the
i Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds to
: ask what is to be paid for buying paint for the
1 President's House, or for what amount it can be
lighted; but simply to act on the estimates.
"Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to interrupthim for a moment?
