1614
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 5,
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, for a moment only.
Mr. LETCHER. What I wish to say to the
gentleman from Ohio is simply this: (hut I take it,
when a committee comes here and indorses de-
mands on the public Treasury, such committee has
means of knowing whether the demand ought to
be complied with.
Mr. CHASTAIN. I rise to a pointof order. I
do not think that the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Taylor,] or the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] have any right to cavil over this
amendment, and speak both of*them two or three
times on it, as they have done. 1 do not think
that they have a right to do so.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is constrained
to overrule the point of order raised by the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Very well, I have to yield.
Mr. TAYLOR. As 1 said, Mr. Chairman, in
the beginning of my remarks, I regret that this
amendment was not offered by the gentleman from
North Carolina, [Mr. Craige,] who happened to
be sick at the time that I was instructed to offer
it. I have done mv duty in respect to these mat-
ters. I have got all the information about them
that f could; arid I believe that it would promote
the public service to adopt the amendment. Having
said thus much, I leave it entirely to the commit-
tee.
Mr. MACE. I movethatthecommiUeedo now
rise.
The motion .was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. To save the trouble of
taking two votes, I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment, and will let the vote be taken on
the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike
out the first three items in theamendment, merely
for the purpose of asking the gentleman from Ohio,
if 1 understood him to say that there is nothing
unusual in that amendment? Now, Mr. Chair-
man, it is the first tune, I believe, that there has
been an appropriation made to furnish fuel for the
President's House; and this is a commencement of
that expense. It is the first time, too, for us to
furnish a furnace keeper forthePresident's House.
These are new items.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am not aware of any reason
why we should not furnish fuel lor the President's
House as well as for the Capitol. In my opinion
the President's House ought to be kept comforta-
ble for the reception of the people whenever they
go to see the Executive there. We ought there-
fore to make appioprmtiuns for fuel theie as well
as here. Indeed, I would go for making the House
more comfortable and more extensive than it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My experience in
legislation is, that there has never been a wrongor
an outrage committed upon the people through
the Legislature, but it has been committed in the
name of tlie people.
Mr. TAYLOR. Yes, sir, and this is recom-
mended by your own Secretary of (lie Interior.
Mr. JONES. I acknowledge no recommenda-
tion of a Secretin y, except such as ! think ad-
vances the good of the country. I disown all
Seci etaries, except so far as their recommenda-
tions tend to that object.
Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky. I desire to say
that the necessity for these two appropriations grows
out of the fact that, at the last session of Congress,
we made an appropriation of ^"25,000 for the pur-
pose of remodeling the interior of the President's
House. The furnaces, which did not exist befoi e,
were then put into the House, and until that ap-
propriation was made there was no necessity for a
furnace keeper, and no necessity for the fuel now
asked for. We have built the furnaces and put
them there, but we have no power to compel the
President to usp them, and if the people who go
there want the House waim, we ought to supply
the fuel. The furnaces never existed before, and
consequently no appropriation of this kind has
before been asked for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, by unanimous con-
sent, then withdrew his amendment.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Tay-
lor's amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR, ofOhio. I offeranotheramend-
ment, 8R I am instructed to do by the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds. The appro-
pnuUonsarerecommended by the Commissionerof
Public Buddings and Grounds, in the letter which
has already been read.
The amendment was reported, as follows:
For a watchman and messenger inside Of the President's
House, at per annum each, $1,000.
For removing fences, &e.. preparatory to the extension
of the Capiiol Square, incident to erection of the new
wings, j$15,0U().
For additional lighting consequent on the increase of
light on Pennsylvania avenue, and where the streets in the
vic-unty of the Capitol .ire blocked up wiih binldinir mate,
rial, and to keep the lamps lighted through the night, (in
addition to the regular appropriation,) $13,000.
F. r uradiiigandsravehng Delaware avt>nue, &c., §4,0B0.
For inclosing Franklin Square with an iron fence, and
improving said square, $16,550.
For inelo-ing and improving two triangular spaces on
Pennsylvania avenue, $0,000.
For extending the culvert across Tiber creek from Penn-
sylvania avenue to the north fide of B street north, $-28,608.
To pay two men m charge of ihe green house at the
President'*., one to be foreman, $1,080.
Pjovidert, That when said Delaware avenue is opened
and giaded as far as M street north, the direction thereof
shall be so changed, that said avenue run parall-I
with Second stieet cast, to Boundary sireet, so that said
Second street and said avenue may form one street of ihe
width of one hundred and sixty "feet, between s-quaies
seven hundred and forty seven, and ^everi hundred and ten,
and seven hundred and eleven, as laid down on the plan
of the city ot Washington. This being upon condition,
thai the owner or owners of any private properly through
which <aid streets are heieby changed, niav pass, Miall re-
lease ihe United States from all damage that may be sus-
tained by them in consequence ot the content plait d change.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I raise a question
of order upon that amendment. There is, at least,
I one item in it, of $28,000 for extending the cul-
vert across Tiber Creek, from Pennsylvania
avenue to the noith side of B street north, which
takes it across private property, 1 think.
There is another item for removingfences, pre-
paratory to extending the Capitol grounds, inci-
dent to the erection of the new wings.
There is no law authorizing either of these
works, and therefore these items of the amend-
ment are not m order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will not detain the commit-
tee by any remarks, but will ask to have the latter
part of the letter of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings read, which 1 sent to the Clerk's desk
half an hour ago
*The letter was read as inserted above.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
item alluded to by the gentleman from Tennessee,
for extending the culvert across Tiber creek, if
it be tiue that, it be private property, would not
be m order. The Chair desires to know whether
it be true that it is private property ?
Mr. TAYLOR. I do notknow if the Commis-
sioner states in his letter whether it is or not.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that the amendment might be in order if the gen-
tleman would modify it by striking out that item.
Mr. TAYLOR. [ will so modify it.
Mr. CLINGMAN I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee will withdraw his question of order,
and that the committee will vote the whole amend-
ment down. It involves too much, it seems to me,
to allow it to pass.
Mr. JONES. I will withdraw my question of
order.
The question was then taken; and the amend-
ment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offer the follow-
ing amendnv m:
For pa\nter.t of the Annals of Congress for the Hou«e '
library of the IJoum  of Repiesentanve^, under resolution ,
of said llou<e, of September '28, 1P50, one hundred setc of
each volume, from the twenty third to the loilteth, both 1
included, in all one Uiou-and *.even hundred volumes, at 1
$r> pei volume, jCtK.'SOO
Foi payment of the Annals of Congress for one hundred
and forty three members ot the Thirty-Second Congie^ '
entitled to them under ihe resolution of the House of Rep
re-emaiives of July 20, I8.v2. one hundred and forty three
self, of twenty four volumes each, from the MUeeuth ro !
the fotrieih, inclusive, in all three 'thousand tour handled
and Unit} two volume*:, at per volume, ^17,lr>0.
For reporting and publishing in the Daily Globe two
thousand eight hundred and si\ty five columns ot ihe pro- 1
ceeding^ of flu Mouse of Represenlativt s, lor the tn-st
se-'-ion of ihe Thirty-Thud Oongies.-,, at $7 50 per column,
§•>1.187 50.
For twenty-four copies of the Congie^mnal Globe and
Appendix for the fir I pe^si-m of' the Tlurlv Third Con
grevs, for each member and Delegate of the House of Rep
resentatives, making an aggregate of five thou?-and seven
hundred and twelve, ai ,-sfi a eopv. $34,416. >
For hmdrns  the Coiigre« ionr«i Globe and Appendix for 1
the fn.-t M-ssion of the Thiriv-Thnd Congress. >$l3,7i>tf 40. '
For importing and pub:i-hmg in ihe Daily Globe one j
hundred and filly one column-of the proec dmgi, of the '
Hon.se of Kepie-t ntativeg for the second session of ihe,
Thuty-Second Congress, at $7 50 a column, $1,132 50. !
To pay a deficiency in the appropriation lor eight hun- |
dred copies of the Documentary History, purchased 'or the :
new members of the House of Representatives, froia ihe '
Twenty-Sixth to the Thiriv-Second Congress, inclusive,
being at @17 *27 and two mills a volume, §655 20.
For payment of a balance due for the second and third
volumes of the fitih series of ihe Documentary History un-
der contract with the Secietary of' State, $473.
For one hundred copies of the^Congressiorial Globe and
Appendix for ihe first session of the Thirty Third Congress
<oi House library, .>(>00, and for binding the «an>e. ,y240.
For one hundred copies of the CongresMoual Globe and
Appendix for the second session of Uie Thirty-Third Con-
gref-Sj for House library, and for binding the same,
$120.
The amendment is offered in pursuance of the
instruction of the Commnteeof Waysand Means.
It is authorized by resolutions heretofore adopted
by this House.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer the following amend-
ment to the gentleman's amendment. Though
an unusual thing for me, I move an amendment
authorizing the appropriation of $3,000 to enable
Mr. Rives to pay the repoiters of tins House for
the Globe the same additional compensation that
they received at the last session. They are here
r>ll the time that we are, and, besides, work at night.
With the addition proposed, their salaiies will
average §1,500 per annum.
Mr. JONES. I would prefer if the gentleman
would withhold his amendment, and introduce it
as an independent proposition.
Mr. HA VEN. Would it be in order as a sepa-
rate amendment ?
i Mr. JONES. It would be as much in order
| then as now.
| fCrien of " Let the amendment be read !"]
j Mr. HAVEN. I offer the amendment, and it
I is for an increase which ought to be paid to these
i gentlemen.
j The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
i To enable John C. Rives to pay to the reporter"? of the
i House, tor tin1 Congressional Glo"be, the same amount of
| additional compendium for reporting thus session vvas
j paid them at the last, the sum of %3,lK)o is hereby appiopri-
i ated ; and ihe t lerk ot this House is hereby authorized to
\ pay the same to j>aid Rives, to be applied by him for that
; purpose ,J
| Mr. JONES. Is the amendment in order? Is
there any law authoi izing reporters for this body,
other than that giving Mr Rives $7 50 per col-
umn for reporting the proceedings of the House?
These gentlemen are not salaried officers.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairhas some doubt
about the amendment. The action of the House,
at the last session, is favorable to the amendment.
Mr. JONES. The increase of the last session
was by separate resolution.
The CHAIRMAN. The recollection of the
Chair is that it was provided for by an amend-
ment to the civil and diplomatic appropriation
bill. The Chair thinks theamendment is in order
under the precedent, and under the precedent
alone.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
Mr. Jonks's amendment, as amended, was
agreed to.
Mr. FULLER. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For the erection of a suitable btuldins for custom-honse,
courtroom, and po*t office at Portland, Maine.m conformity
with the plan and estimates of ihe Secretary of the Treas-
ury upon the Mte where the old one wasbumed, #>00,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is that amendment in order?
The part of the bill relating to custom houses,
and which is distinct of itself, has been passed
long since. Can the committee go back now ?
The C11 AI RM A N. The Chair is of i he opin-
ion that to entertain the amendment would be suh-
tantially to recur to a practice neverallowed by the
committee.
Mr. FULLER. This amendment does not re-
late to anything that we have passed. It is a pro-
per amendment, because it does not originate anew
work; but it relates to a work for which appropiia-
tions have been made heretofore. I am not aware
of any rule by which the committee nre precluded
from considering: this amendment, or that they are
bound to consider subjects of a kindred character
precisely in the same connection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
the amendment is not in order, because, in the first
place, the committee have passed over that part of
the bill making appropriations for custom-houses.
The piactice has been uniform here not to allow a
recurrence to what has already been passed, except
by the unanimous consent of the committee. As
to the point suggested by the gentleman from
Maine, that it is an amendment relating to an old
work for which an appropriation is now proposed
