46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14,
ask the printing of his bill till it -shall have been
reported from the committee.
The Clerk again read the title of the bill.
Mr. COBB. I object to the printing of it, for
the. reason that the system of printing bills on
their introduction would cause a tremendous ex-
pense to Government.
Mr. HENN. I would just observe, in con-
nection with the printing of this bill, that it pro-
vides for the construction of certain railroads,
which have been memorialized for by the Legis-
lature of the State. It is more for the purpose
of carrying out the wishes of the Legislature of
the State that I ask it to be printed, than for any
other reason.
Mr. COBB. I would have no objection to the
printing of the memorial itself.
Mr. HENN. The memorial does not require
to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, it
has never been the custom, I believe, to print
bills when they are introduced and referred to a
committee. When the committees report them
back is the time when bills are ordered to be
printed; but never on their introduction. I did
not at first notice that the motion to print accom-
panied the one to refer.
The motion for reconsideration was then put,
and agreed to.
The question on the motion for printing was
then put, and negatived.
Mr. COBB. I make a similar motion in re-
spect to the other bill on which the same order
was granted.
The Clerk read the other bill introduced by
Mr. Henn, providing a grant of public lands and
sale to actual settlers only.
The question was put on the motion to print,
and was also negatived.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon, offered the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency and necessity of
raisuiK two or more regiments of mounted troops for the
protection and defense of our frontiers; and that they be
requested to report at an early day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. LANE also gave notice that he would on
to-morrow, or some subsequent day, ask leave to
introduce the following bills, viz:
A bill to provide for the improvement of the
navigation of Willamette river;
A bill to provide for the extension of the mili-
tary road from Myrtle Creek to Scottsburg;
A bill to provide for the completion of public
buildings for the Territory of Oregon; and
A bill for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth Thurs-
ton, widow of Samuel R. Thurston, late Delegate
from Oregon Territory.
On motion by Mr. BERNHISEL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of the Legislative Assembly
and Governor of the Territory of Utah he withdrawn from
thelites of the House, and leferred'to the Committee on
Military Aft'ans.
The SPEAKER. The object of the gentleman
from Utah could be accomplished under the rule,
however, and the Chair is of opinion that that
would have been the more regular course
Mr. COBB. As we have finished the calling
of the States and Territories for resolutions, I
intend to appeal to the courtesy of the Speaker, as
well as of the House, that my right which I had
to the floor when I proposed to introduce bills of
which previous notice had been given may be ex-
tended, so as to enable me to present the bills of
which notice has been given. The Speaker has
decided that it is not in order for any member to in-
troduce more than one bill at a time. I am anxious
to get rid of the bills which I have on my desk,
that they may be referred to the proper commit-
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object. The
gentleman from Alabama might have appealed
from the decision of the Chair at the time it was
made, if he was not satisfied with it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that, according to the rule, it is his duty to com-
mence calling the States for resolutions precisely
where-he -leftqff on yesterday.
' 0 ennessee- And get through
with all the States;and Territories before we go
back, i think thatis correct.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
we must go back in the call of the States at the
point where we last left off-?
The SPEAKER. The Chair so decided.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not wish to interfere
with the order of business, but I desire to ask the
House to go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union upon the President's
message.
[Cries of " No!" "No!"]
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend to make that mo-
tion as soon as gentlemen get clear of their reso-
lutions.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman submit
the motion now ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not.
The SPEAKER then commenced the calling
of the States for resolutions, commencing with the
State of Indiana, when 
Mr. MACE asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled " A bill granting land to actual set-
tlers;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Agri-
culture.
Also, a hill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled " A bill granting land to the States
of Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Iowa,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from De-
troit to the mouth of the Big Platte, in Iowa;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ENGLISH asked and obtained leave to
introducea bill, of which previous notice had been
given, entitled "A bill to constitute the city of Jef-
fersonville, in the State of Indiana, a port of deliv-
ery;" which was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a reso-
lution which I desire to offer, and I will send it to
the Clerk's desk.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Rpsohed, That the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds be directed to inquire into and report to this House
by what authority of law an officer of the United Slates
Army is employed to superintend the construction of the
two wines of the Capitol; what bond, if any, he lias been
required to give for llie faithful disbursement of the money
appropriated for that purpose; what alterations he has
i made in the original design of the said wings, as approved
by the President under the law of September 30, 18o0; by
what authority ot law tfie said alterations wore made,
and what additional expense has been and will be here
alter ineuired in consequence of said alterations; and
also inquire into the expediency of placing that work upon
said wings at ihe Capitol under the s>upervisiun of the Com
missioner of the Public Buildings, or some other civil of-
ficer to be appointed hereafter for that purpose. '
Mr. STANTON. Upon the passage of the
resolution I demand the previous question. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman with-
draw the demand for the previous question for one
moment? 1 desire to refer htm to the law upon
that subject.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the law, and
it authorizes no such thing. I ask for tellers upon
the demand for the previous question. !
Tellers were ordered. 1
The question was then taken, (Messrs. Camp- i
beli., of Ohio, and Harris acting as tellers,) and |
there were—ayes 89; noes not counted. '
So the previous question was seconded, and the I
main question ordered.
The question was then taken upon the passage
of the resolution, and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, to amend
an act, entitled " An act to continue half pay to
certain widows and orphans,"approved the 3d of
February, 1853; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
Mr. BRECKIN RIDGE moved its reference to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill, if I mis- '
take not, is similar to others heretof, re introduced i
and relates more particularly to the widows of!
soldiers of other wars, since the war of the 1
Revolution. I think it would more appropriately '■
go to the Committee on Invalid Pensions i
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I think I have pro- I
posed the proper reference. j
to^f' ^ ' vv'" w'thdraw my proposition j
The bill was therefore referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions.
WITHDRAWAL OP PAPERS.
Mr. HILL. 1 ask leave to withdraw from the
files of the House the petition and papers in the
case of Magatee and Eastham, with a view of
future reference.
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent. The Chair again states that
the gentleman can accomplish his object by ap-
plying at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. HILL. I supposed that rule referred only
to the presentation of memorials, but that the con-
sent of the House was necessary to withdraw
papers from the files of the House.
The SPEAKER. Leave will be granted, un-
less objection be made.
There was no objection, and leave was granted.
Mr. EDGERTON, on leave, introduced a bill,
of which previous notice had been given, granting
to the State of Ohio the unsold and unappropriated
lands remaining in said State; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, gave notice of
his intention on to-morrow, or some subsequent
day, to introduce a bill of the following title:
_ A bill granting to the State of Louisiana the
right of way and a portion of the public lands, for
the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from Shreveport to the Mississippi river, in
said State.
Mr. COBB. I now propose to introduce various
bills, of which previous notice has been given. I
begin with the following:
A bill to extend the time for payment of duties
on railroad iron, and for other purposes.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. COBB. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. It should go to the
Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. COBB. I have no particular choice as to
the committee to which this bill may be referred;
hut I would remind gentlemen that, at the last
session of Congress, we passed precisely such a
bill as I now propose to introduce. That bill,
when introduced, was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and was reported
from that committeeand passed. I say again that
I have no particular choice as to the committee.
It is a question, I think, which will commend itself
to the favorable consideration of every thinking
mind in this House. I have nothing further to
offer in regard to it. It is a matter of no conse-
quence to me to what committee it is referred. I
make the motion to refer to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, because I think it is
the most suitable committee.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg to differ with the gentleman
from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] This is not a mere
matter of choice between committees, but a mat-
ter of principle is involved in this thing. I move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Alabama,
by proposing the reference of this bill to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
If an7 principle is involved, I
would say that there is a very important matter
involved in that bill—a matter in which railroad
companies are concerned, and also the public ser-
vice so far as regards the transportation of the
mails. A great and important feature of this bill
is connected with that branch of the public service.
Mr. HIBBARD. I wish simply to surest to
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Cobb,] that
the rule determines this question, in effect, by pro-
viding that matters relating to the public revenue
shall go to the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. COBB. If gentlemen desire the reference
to the Committee on Waj^s arid Means, I have
merely to say that 1 have such confidence in the
intelligence and sense of justice of the gentlemen
constituting that committee, that I am willing to
allow the bill to have that reference, and I with-
araw my motion to refer it to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
re^er the bill to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads was accordingly
withdrawn, and it was referred to the Committee
on Ways and Means.
QUESTION OF PRIVILEGE.
Mr. LETCHER, I rise to a question of order.
