1854.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
to be made, it might have been in order under I
the head of Miscellaneous." \
Mr. FULLER. Can I offer it as an additional j
section ? |
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that it j
would not be in order. |
Mr. FULLER. Taking a different view of'
this question, 1 shall be compelled to appeal from j
the decision of the Chair. 1
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move that i
the committee rise and report the bill. !
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in or- j
der while an amendment is pending. The gen- i
tleman from Maine proposes an amendment,
which was read in the hearing of the committee, j
The Chair rules that the amendment is not in j
order, upon the ground that it relates to a portion j
of the bill that has already been passed. The |
question now is, " Shall the decision of the Chair j
stand as the judgment of the committee?" :
Mr. STAN TON, of Tennessee. I would in- ■
quite whether there has been any appropriation
mrnie tor the building of this custom-house since ■
it was burned? ff there has been none, it is cer- '
tainly an amendment which cannot be authorized j
by law. '
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is obliged to 1
the gentleman ftmn Tennessee for the suggestion !
he lias made, nnd considers that another reason
why the amendment is not in order.
The question was taken upon the appeal; and
the derision of the Chair was sustained. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I offer the following i
amendment, to come in at the end of the bill: I
Provided, That, on the fourth day of March next, the '
clerks m lite several i)«*pai tment* of the Government shall j
be, neatly a- practicable, equally apportioned among the j
several congressional di-irn t<; and that thereafter all ap ;
poinitnents of clerks tn ihe«,aid Departments shall he marie ,
a- nearly equally as practicable Irom the said congressional j
district* : Jhid provided further, That each of the heads
of the Departments a'oresatd shall keep a register, in which j
shall be enteied the names ot' all the clerks in their re- i
ppeettve Dep.utments with the name of the State and the 1
number ot the congressional district fioin which each .
eleik has been appointee} ; and which register shall be 1
deemed a public record, and open to the inspection of all >
peisons interested.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a point of
order. I submit that the amendment offered by ,
the o-entleman from Indiana is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion 1
th t the amendment is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to the ruling of the
Chair,
Mr. HAVEN. I now offer the following as an
additional section of the bill from the Committee
of Ways and Means:
Sue. Be it farther cnaetcd, That the provisions of an
act approved March '2. !8')3, entitled u An act to provide
compensation to Mich persons as may he designated by the
Seeieury of the Treaty to receive and keep the public
monev, undei the fifteenth section of the act ot 6th August,
184G. 1 for tii« additional seivices required under that act,'
be extended to the collectorson the northern, northwestern
and ii'h thea-tern lake.- and rivers; which compensation
will leimuri a^ fixed by the foiirlh section ot the act ap-
proved March lfC>l, chapter 9, if the said collectoishave
been oi shall he, designated d< poMtdrie- ; u having been
deemed by the accounting officer ot the Ti easury. that said
collector-:, having fixed salane=, not changed bv emola
tnent-, were paid ilieir maximum allowed by law, although
much Ipss than the maximum allowed to other colh ctoir.,
and that, therefore, this could not be allowed them legally."
«
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that that amendment is not in order, for
two reasons: First, that it is not germane to the
mam question, and, secondly, that it is not Intel-
ligible.
Mr HAVEN. I notice that there were certain
moneys (^14,000) appropriated for the purpose
two years a^o, and 1 thus propose to make distri-
bution of these moneys so appropriated by law.
Mr. SEWARD, "it has no connection with
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. It is offered as an inde-
pendent section.
Mr. SEWARD. But upon the very same prin-
ciple the Chair ruled out an amendment regulating
the pay of clerks. This is a provision about the
pay of collectors. It is virtually a provision to in-
crease their salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
th&t the proposition of the gentleman from New
York is not in order.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise and report the bill to the House.
Mr. JOj^ES, of Tennessee. Not yet. I have
] another amendment to propose from the Commit- j
i tee of Ways and Means. It is as follows:
i Sec. 2. Jind be it farther enacted. That hereafter the
; Waid<nof the penitentiary of the (Tinted States *br the
i pi-mct of (Joltnn'ua, and the Commissioner of Public
I Buildings atid Grounds shall mike to the Secretary of 'he
! Interior annually, in time to accompany the annual mes-
i sage of the President to Congre-s, report of their opera-
I tions for the preceding y** r, and of the manner in winch
I all appropiiations have been applied respectively. And
that all estim lies of the Commissioner of Public Building*
and Ground.- shall hereafter be approved and submitted by
the Secretary of the I ntei tor annually, through the Treas
ury Department, as other e-tnnaies to the two Houses of
Congress. And further, that all appropriations which are
herein made, or may be h  reafter made, for repairs or im-
! provement ol the public building*, ground-*, and streets,
wiihiu the District ol Columbia, and now undei the charge
; of the Commissioner of Pnhhe Buildings and Grounds, shall
be expended under the direction of the Secretary ot the
. I ntenor, and that all laws or parts of laws inconsistent with
! tins section, shall be, and the same are hereby, repealed-
The office of the Commissioner of Public Build-
! ings is now a bureau of the Interior Department,
j This section is to require that officer to submit his
! estimates through the Depai tment of the Interior,
I and also to he subject to the Secretary of the Inte-
, nor in his disbursements in this city. The section
i is recommended by the Committee of Ways and
l Means, and by the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. ROBBINS. I move that the committee do
I now rise, and report the bijl to the House.
1 The motion was agreed to.
| So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
; resumed the chair, the chairman reported that the
• Committee of the Whole on the state of the
I Union, had had under consideration the Union
' generally, and particularly the bill making appro-
I priations for the civil and diplomatic expenses of
j the Government, for the year ending June 30,
11855, and had instructed him to report the same
back, with sundry amendments.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the
previous question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
Here a message was received from the Senate,
by Asbuky Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed a bill of
the following title, in which it asked the concur-
rence of the House:
S. No. 432. An act to vest in the several States
and Territories, the title in fee of the lands which
bave been or may be certified to them.
And also, that it had passed a bili of the House
of the following title, without amendment:
H R. No. 315. An act to establish the offices
of surveyor general of New Mexico, Kansas, and
Nebraska, to grant donations to actual settlers
therein; and for other purposes.
FF EE NAVIGATION OF THE AMAZON.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I have a resolution to
offer, asking for information.
The resolution was read for information, as fol-
lows:
Reiolvrd, That the President be requested to commu-
nicate to tins Hoiw, if not incompatible with the public m-
teresN, copie* nf .ill correspondence between either ot the
State Department or our Minister and the South American
Governments with reference to the free navigation ol the
Amazon."
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I object to
the introduction of that resolution, and I move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 6, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Hlnry Sliclr.
TheJournalofyesterday was read and approved.
CONNECTICUT ON THE NEBRASKA BILL.
Mr. GILLETTE. Mr. President, I present
to the Senate a series of resolutions which have
been passed by the Legislature of Connecticut
} esk that they may be read, laid upon the table,
and printed.
The Secretary read the resolutions, as follows:
Whereas, in ob< dierice to the spirit of the Constitution
of the United States, the early policy of the Government
was to di-courage, resinet, and repress slavery, and where-
as the i\ational Government has been swerved from its
original course on this subject, and whereas, the coinpro*
mise of 1800, by which slavery was prohibited in all the
territory then held by the United States, north of 36* 30',
has heen repealed by act of Congress, and whereas, it is
proper, m view of this calamitous and unexpected event,
that the State of Connecticut shoulfl proclaim her princi-
ple?, and th«' line of policy she propose* to pursue, in rela-
tion to the subject of slavery, now therefore,
Rcsolieit by (his Ji^emUUj, in the name and in behalf
of t\r> people of this State, that we pull cherish the great
principles of the Constitution, and based upon tbese prin-
ciples, the Union of these Untied State". *
I lie-solved, That ihe Fed' ral Constitution, ordained to
form a more perfect union, to establish justice, and to
secure the blessing* of hbci tv, «?xpre*sly denies to theG^n-
eral Government the power to deprive any person of hfe,
liberty, or property, wnhout due process, oi law, raid that
the Government, iiavnii* no more power to estabh-h slavery
than to establish a monarchy, should at once proceed to
relieve itself from all responsibility for the exi-tence of
slavery, wherever it possessed constitutional powerto legis-
late tor its extinction.
Resolved, That this General Assembly, in view of the
fact that the compromises heietotore made on the subject
of slavery, by act of Congress, have virtually been lepu-
dtaled and deprived of their mora! torce and authority, by
the lepeal of the act prepaiatory to the amm-ston oi Mis-
souri, approved Match 6. 18^0, do declare their determina-
tion to return to the oiigtnal policy of the Government,
founded upon the Constitution oi the United States.
lle\olve<l, That in the opinion of Una General Assem-
bly, the people, ot Connecticut demand the repeal of that
part of the lull for the organization of the government of
Kan<as and Nebiaska, vvhtch deelaios the Missouri coni-
piomi.^c inop'rative and void, and will persevere in this
demand until the lestriclion of slavery contained in the
act of lfc20, shall be restored to lull force and eft ct.
Resolved, That the Him. Ib vac Toucey, a Senator of
the State ot Connecticut, in the Congress of file United
States, having, by his vote on the final passage of the hrll
for the organization of the Teri itones of Kansas and Ne-
braska, di.-oboyt d ihe sob mn and deliberate uwiucnons
of the Legislature, and disregarded the wishes, the inter-
est-. and the pi met pie* ot the people of thi*> Stat", deserves
to be, and hereby is. censured by this General Assembly.
Resolved, That the thanks ot the General Assembly
are lie r* by tendered to Mich of our Senators and Represent-
atives in the Congress of the United States, as have op-
posed, by all legal and constituuon.il means, and to the hist
extremity, the passage ot the act by which the Missouri
compromise has been repealed.
Resoireti, That our Senatois in Congress be instructed,
and our Representatives be requested, to inuoduee into the
Congress of the United State-, and vote m favor ol, such
an amendment of the law commonly known as the fugi-
tive slave Jaw, as shall secuie to every person claimed
under said law, the naht of trial by jury in the State where
such person may be arrested and held to bail.
Resolved, Thai a copy ot these resolutions be trans-
mitted to our Senatoisand Representatives in the Congress
of the United States, to be by them laid before that body. \
Mr. TOUCEY. A majority of the members
of the present General Assembly of Connecticut
have united m a resolution, professing to censure
me for the vote I gave upon the final passage of
the bill organizing the Territories of Kansas and
Nebraska. They had previously assumed the
right of directing my vote on that measure, in
opposition to my constitutional opinions—of
making me a mete passive instrument m their
hands, without the right to think or to act upon
that subject—and of kindly relieving mefiom the
performance of this part of thp duty which the
sovereign people of the State, through a former
Legislature, had imposed upon me as one of their
representatives tn theSenateof the United States.
Knowing that I had formed a deliberate opinion
that the Missouri restriction line was unauthorized
by the Constitution, was in direct conflict with its
provisions, with the equality of the States and wuh
the right of self-government—that I had already,
in conformity with this opinion, upon the first
passage of the bill in the Senate, voted to obliter-
ate that unconstitutional line, and to leave it to the
people to govern themselves, to pass their o wn
laws, and to regulate their own domestic affairs,
and that so large and decisive was the majority
in the Senate in favor of the measure, that my
single vote could not, by any possibility, change
the result; yet the majority in the Legislature had
undertaken, notwithstanding these facts, to in-
struct me to revetse my action, and to obey them
rather than my own convictions of duty, under the
Constitution, which I had sworn to support. And
now the members of the General Assembly com-
posing this majority have stepped aside from their
appropriate duties, have overleaped the bounds
assigned them by the constitution of the State, and
m my absence, have passed upon me what they in-
tend to be a vote of censure for disobeying them in-
stead of disobeying the Constitution of the United
States. I know the patriotism and justice of the
people to whom I <>m responsible for the faithful
discharge of a public duty, often arduous and dif-
ficult, and to whom they are responsible for an
unauthorized assumption and abuse of power, and
I am not troubled in this matter.
