48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 14.
I move the adoption of the resolution; and on it
demand the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit that the resolution
should go to the Committee on Printing, without
any action of the House upon it.
The SPEAKER. It^must go to the committee,
♦under a general law of Congress.
codification of the revenue laws.
Mr. CURTIS. I move that the House now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution, which
has come from the Senate, authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay all the expenditures
of codifying and revising the revenue laws.
The SPEAKER. The motion in that form is
not exactly in order. A motion to go to the orders
of the day upon the Speaker's table would be in
order.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I make that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suggest to the
gentleman that he should allow the call for reso-
lutions to be finished before he makes that motion.
Mr. CURTIS. I withdraw the motion in con-
formity to the suggestion of the gentleman from
Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. The motion is withdrawn,
and resolutions are in order from the State of
Pennsylvania.
GRANT TO PENNSYLVANIA.-
Mr. STRAUB gave notice that on to-morrow,
or some future day, he should ask leave to intro-
duce a tall to grant a portion of the public domain
to the State of Pennsylvania, for the purpose of
aiding in the construction oftheSunbury and Erie
Railroad.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr, STRAUB also submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That in addition to the number already
ordeied. there «hail be five thousand copies of the report of
fiie Superintendent of the Seventh Census and thntv
thousand copies ol the abstract printed for the u.-e oi tli'e
members.
The SPEAKER. The resolution wilt go to
the Committee on Printing, under the rule.
MANUFACTURE OP SALT.
Mr. DRUM offered a resolution which was
read, as follows:
Resolved^ That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to turmsh to this House a statement of the number
of&stablishments,and where located m the United States,
engaged in the manufacture of salt; of the probable amount
«f capital invested in the wild manufacture m each State,
the average quantity annually manufactured at said estab-
lishments, and a table of prices for which the said article
Ms sold under the present rate of duties thereon ; and also
to inform the House of the annual amount of revenue re
ceived irota the importation of foreign salt into the United
States."
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
COPYRIGHTS.
Mr. CHANDLER asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill, of which previous notice hud been
given, entitled 44 A bill supplementary to an act
entitled " an act to amend the several acts respect-
ing copyrights,'" approved February 3, 1831;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
CENSUS REPORT AGAIN.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania, introduced
the following resolution:
Resolve#, That thirty thousand additional copies of the
{Seventh Census bo printed for the use of the membeis of
tins House.
The SPEAKER. It must go to the Committee
on Printing, under the rule.
Mr. WRIGHT. I hope it will be adopted
without.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and, un-
der the law of the two flouses, it(must go to the
committee.
Mr. FLORENCE, I ask the unanimous con-
sent to withdraw from the files of the House, for
the purpose of being used in the Senate, the peti-
tion and papers of David Myerle, asking compen-
sation for losses sustained in supplying the Gov-
ernment with water-rotted hemp.
The SPEAKER, It cannot be done under the
rules; but the order will be made, unless it is ob-
jected to. ■
No objection being made, leave was granted.
SALE AND SETTLEMENT OF PUBLIC LANDS.
AGRICULTURAL BUREAU.
Mr. SICELTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced bills of the following titles:
A bill to provide for the sale and settlement of
the public lands of the United States; and
A bill for the establishment of an Agricultural
Bureau; which were read the first and second
time by their titles, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Agriculture.
Mr. S. also introduced a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Long; which was read the first and sec-
ond time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT BUFFALO.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer the following resolutions,
and ask that they be referred to the Committee on
Commerce:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be, and it
is hereby, instructed to inquire into the necessity and pro-
priety ot constructing a custom-house and Government
warehouse at Buffalo, in the State of New York, with
rqoms suitable for holding the United States court therein,
and that the said committee report to this House the con-
clusions thoy shall atriveat upon said inquiry, and what
action, if any, it may deem necessary and expedient for
the public interest in the premises
Resoloul, farther t That the papers on file in this House,
in reference to a marine hospital at Buffalo, in said State,
be referred to f-aid committee.
The resolutions were referred as proposed.
Mr. FENTON. I ask unanimous consent to
withdraw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of Cornelius R. Lathrop, for the pur-
pose of reference.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to do so in
open House, but it may be done by application at
the Clerk's desk.
CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. FENTON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolvvih That fifteen thousand copies of the report of
the Seventh Census of the United States be printed tor the
use and benefitofthe new members of the llou^e of Repie-
seutatives, to be distributed equally among the aforesaid
new .
The SPEAKER. The resolution is referred
to the Committee on Printing. m
OUTRAGES UPON AMERICAN CITIZENS.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I beg leave to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Piesident of the United States is re-
quested to furnish Congress, if, in hi* opinion, the public
interests will allow, with copies of utl the coirespondence
that has passed between this Government and Spam re-
lating to the Seizure and imprisonment of Captain Tltad-
deus Reecher and the officers and crew of the schooner
North Carolina, of and from New Haven, Connecticut, by
the Spanish authorities at Porto Hico, m the month of
March, 1850.
The resolution having been read—
Mr. INGERSOLL said: 1 am aware that, by
the rales of the House, if debate is proposed, the
resolution lies over; but I appeal to gentlemen of
the House, to allow me 'heir unanimous consent,
under the peculiar circumstances of this case, to
make a statement, in as few words as possible, of
the object of the resolution which J have sent to
the Clerk's desk.
[Cries of" Go on V* " Go on !"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be al-
lowed to proceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 appeal to my friend from
New York to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw n.
Mr. LETCHER. Does this resolution go over
if debate is proposed ?
The SPEAKER. It does, unless the gentleman
has the unanimous consent to proceed.
Mr. WALSH. I only withdraw my objection
upon condition that the gentleman will be very
biief in his statement.
Mr. L .GERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
House will allow me to call its attention, for
a very few moments, to the facts in a case
which, though affecting more particularly my
constituents, yet, in their general bearing, are
full of interest to every American who has the
honor of his country at heart; who looks to
its flag for protection; and who demands for
( it nothing that is not right, and submits to
| nothing that is wrong. I ought to premise that
j the case in question has been a matter of corre-
[ spondence between the diplomatic bureaus of this
| country and Spain for the past three years, swing-
ing like a pendulum to and fro; and it is on ac-
count of the great delay in bringing about a dis-
posal of it, and the fears I have, that if left to ordi-
nary diplomatic notes, an indemnification never
will be had for a most wanton and inhuman outrage
upon the persons and property of American citi-
zens, that I deem it a matter of duty to invite the
attention of the country to it. The facts are sub-
stantially these, and 1 believe they will not be dis-
puted:
On the 12th day of March, 1850, Mr. Thad-
deus Beecher, of New Haven, in Connecticut, was
in command of the schooner North Carolina, of
and from New Haven, then lying at Porto Rico,
one of the West India islands, belonging to the
Government of Spain. On that day the schooner
sailed, and on the same night was wrecked on one
of the points of that island. The vessel and cargo
were nearly a total loss, but the officers and crew,
with much peril, were safely landed, and im-
mediately Mr. Beecher repaired to Mayaquez,
the nearest port, to obtain assistance. Soon
after his arrival at that place the captain of
the port, a Spanish official, without any just
reason for so doing, ordered him to return to
the wreck, threatening him with immediate im-
prisonment for any disobedience of the order.
In consequence of that order, Mr. Beecher was
obliged to return to the schooner without bein®-
able to see, or to obtain any assistance from the
American consular agent at that port. With
the assistance, however, of his officers and crew,
&nd at the imminent peril of their lives, he suc-
ceeded in saving a few articles from the wreck,
| and they were sent ashore in a boat dispatched by
j the American consular agent for that purpose, when
i they were seized upon by the Spanish authorities;
; and Mr. Beecher, his officers arid crew, were for-
bidden to leave the island. They were detained
without any reason whatever for more than
thirty days, until the arrival at Mayaquez of
the United States sloop-of-war Albany, Captain
Randolph. Mr. Beecher then, having applied
to the American consular agent in vain, availed
j himself of the presence of the Albany, and ap-
i plied to Captain Randolph for redress. As
j soon as the captain of the port heard of the
j conference between Captain Randolph and Mr.
i Beecher, he sent an order for the latter to attend
■ immediately at his office, which order was obeyed,
j Mr. Beecher ascertained that it was the intention
| of the captain of the port to inflict imprisonment
| on him and his crew, for having laid his griev-
ances before Captain Randolph, and at once sent
a note to the American consular agent, request-
ing his advice and assistance, when, by the order
, of this captain of the port, Mr. Beecher, his offi-
I cers and crew, were marched through the streets
J by a file of soldiers, the American flag flying from
j the mast-head of a ship-of-war in sight before
; them, and thrust into a filthy cell, in company
. with a supposed felon; and in a few moments, as
if in aggravation of the insult, offered (to use the
language of our minister at Madrid, in laying this
case before the Government of Spain) to the flag
of the United States, as well as to Mr. Beecher
j and his companions, a sheep was driven in to be
' stabled! and here they remained until the exer-
tions of Captain Randolph procured for them a
release from their loathsome confinement.
1 his, sir, is a simple statement of facts, drawn
from official sources; and when it is borne in
mind that already three years have passed since
these outrages were committed, and yetno redress
has been granted by the Government of Spain to
Captain Beecher or his companions, one may well
express surprise and astonishment. Here js a
cose where treaty stipulations have been violated,
and the rights of humanity trampled upon; the
person of an American citizen insulted and im-
prisoned, his property illegally seized and with-
held to this day from him, and, to add to this, the
flag of his country outraged, and that, too, by a
Government which has received every considera-
tion of respect from this; and yet we are, as it were,
quietly submitting to it all. I say submitting.
Nor, sir, am I ignorant of what has passed be-
tween the two Governments of America and Spam
m relation to this case. I am aware that our Gov-
ernment was prompt in demanding satisfaction to
Captain Beecher, and I knowakso that theSpanish
Government has acknowledged the wrong done
him, by removing- from office the official who
figured as the " Captain of the port" at the time
