50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
COMMUNICATIONS FROM STATE DEPART-
MENT.
Mr.HOUSTON. Althoughitis late,I move 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ala-
bama will allow the Chair, he will present to the
House a communication from the State Depart-
ment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I yield for that purpose.
The SPEAKER then presented the communi-
cation from the Department ofState, in obedience
to the twentieth section ofthe act entitled "An act
legalizing and making appropriations for such
necessary objects as have usually been included in
the general appropriation bills withoutauthority of
law, and to fix and provide for certain incidental
expenses of the Departments and offices of the
Government, and for other purposes," approved
the 26th of August, 1842; and the act making ap-
propriations/or the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government, for the year 3836, (section 2.)
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, moved that the com-
munication be referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and be printed; which motion was
1 to.
CODIFICATION OF REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. CURTIS. Is it in order to make a motion
to proceed to the business upon the Speaker's
table ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I make the motion.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Joint resolution (No. 1.) from the Senate,
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the expenses of codifying and revising the reve-
nue laws, was then taken up from the Speaker's
table, and read the first and second time by its
title.
Mr. CURTIS. I will state the object of the
resolution.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules this resolu-
tion must go to the Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, unless the rules
be dispensed with by unanimous consent.
Mr. CURTIS. The individual selected for
the work of codifying and revising the revenue
laws has performed a considerable portion of the
duties assigned Inm. At the last session of Con-
gress, when this office was created, a bill passed
both Houses making an appropriation for the ser-
vices to be performed. That bill, unfortunately,
in some way, was lost, and does not appear in
the printed laws. My object is to carry out the
provision passed at the last session making the
appropriation, in compliance with the act which
created the office, and under which the work has
been commenced and nearly completed.
Mr. LETCHER. How much will it cost ?
Mr. CURTIS. The amount named in the res-
olution is ten thousand dollars.
Mr. LETCHER. How much more will it
take ?
Mr. CURTIS. I think the amount required
will be about that sum—not any more. It is sup-
posed that the work will be finished by the first of
April next.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that this resolution shall be considered at
this time ?
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. CURTIS. The resolution merely provides
for an omission made at the last session of Con-
fress. I hope that the gentleman will withdraw
is objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds, if objec-
tion be made, that the resolution, under the rules
of the House, cannot be considered at this time,
but must first go to the Committee of the Whole.
Is it the pleasure of the House that the bill should
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union?
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire that the House
would indulge me in the suspension of the rules,
that we may go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, for the purpose of enter-
ing upon and referring the President's message.
I do not suppose that we shall remain long in
session this evening; but it is well known to those
who have served long here, that it is important we
should go into the Committee of the Whole early
in the session, and get organized there for business
hereafter. I therefore make the motion that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 15, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. Hen'ry Sliceu.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion by Mr. JAMES, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it ad-
journ to meet on Monday next at twelve o'clock.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SEWARD. I present the memorial of
John C. Fr. Salomon, who states that he has
invented an engine to be worked by carbonic acid
gas, which he believes will supersede the use of
steam. He desires that it may be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
It was so referred.
Mr. SEWARD. I also present the petition of
William Emmons, the son and representative of
Uri Emmons, the inventor of a planing machine,
i patented in the year 1829, praying an extension
of the patent, which he desires may be referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
It was so referred.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
Alexandria, Loudon, and Hampshire Railroad
Company, praying permission to extend their
railroad into the city of Washington, and the aid
of Congress in the construction of a bridge over
the Potomac for that purpose; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of the heirs of James Monroe,
praying compensation for revolutionary services;
which was refeired to the Committee oil Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. HUNTER presented additional documents
in the case of John K. Cooke; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, a memorial of the Petersburg volunteers,
praying the payment of a balance due them for
services in the war of 1812; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the petition of
the Mississippi, Ouachita, and Red River Rail-
road Company, praying a grant of land, and the
right of way, to aid in the construction of a rail-
way from the Mississippi to the Red river, above
the Raft; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of the
heirs of the late Colonel George Gibson, praying
compensation for revolutionary services; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. PEARCE presented the memorial of
| Philip F. Voorhees, praying allowance for ex-
' penses incurred in carrying public ministers of
; the United States to Siam, and other places in
| the East Indies, and elsewhere; which, with the
j papers on the same subject, now on the files of
the Senate, was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Commodore Ap C. Jones be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Joseph Mitchell be with-
drawn from tile flies ofthe Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of the Pioneer
Manufacturing Company, of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia, be taken from the files of the Senate, and in-
terred to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered\ That the petteon of Samuel Crapin be taken
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it waa
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of the
representatives of Major John Baptiste Lomagne be with-
drawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and accompanying papers
in the ease of Phntpas M. Nightingale, heir of General
Nathaniel Greene, be taken from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papei s of Robert Grignon,
praying payment of a sum of money due him under a treaty
with the Menomonee Indians, and the petition of JShas A.
Bramard, be withdrawn froiri the files of the Senate, for
the purpose of being presented in the House of Repre-
sentatives.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Benjamin S. Roberts, an
officer m theAimy ofthe United States, praying indemnity
for losses sustained during the war with Mexico, he with-
drawn from the tiles of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of John M. Gilbert hp with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referied to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of D.J. Campau,
in behalf of his father, Joseph Campau, be withdrawn from
the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Victor Morass be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. STTJART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William A. Burt be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the ease of
Samuel Spalding, be withdrawn from the files of the Sen-
ate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Benjamin S. Roberts be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Catharine M. Weave?
be withdrawn from the files ot the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, it was
Ordered, That the documents in regard to the claim of
Purser Francis B. Stockton be withdrawn from the files
of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of certain clerks in the Sec-
ond Auditor's office, prayihg additional compeBsation, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. SEWARD gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill providing for the con-
struction of a railroad through the territories of
the United States, between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific States.
Mr. EVERETT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize and em-
power the Secretary of the Interior to provide
necessary and permanent accommodations for the
courts of the United States and their officers in the
district of Massachusetts.
Mr. HAMLIN gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the as-
certainment and satisfaction of the claims of Amer-
ican citizens for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FOOT, according to previous notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill explanatory
of " An act for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts;"
which was read a first and second time by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. EVERETT, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
increase the compensation ofthe district judge of
the United States for the district of Massachusetts;
which was read a first and second time by unani-
mous consent, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. HAMLIN, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
relief of Ira Baldwin: which was read a first and
second time by unanimous consent, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SUMNER, according to previous notice,
