1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1639
distinct, applicable, beyond the possibility of any
successful contestation, to the question of power
which is now under the consideration of the Sen-
ate; and his failure to carry out and apply it does
not deprive the rule of its value, nor does it pre-
vent its just application to those subjects to which
it ous;ht to be applied.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Senatorfrom
Michigan has some remarks to which I wish to
invite the attention of the Senate, and of the hon- \
orable Senator himself in regard to the interpre- :
tation of the powers of this General Government.
In his printed speech, first quoting the first clause
of that article conferring upon Congress its legis-
lative power in these words: " Congress shall have
power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts and provide for
the common defense and general welfnie; but all
duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States," he remarks:
il Now, here i* an unlimited power of raisins; ta^es, and
still more an unlimited light of applying Mem, so jar as
regards the terms of the grant. For the common d^iense
and genera] welfare, even if considered wonls 01 uMiietion,
would practically amount to nothing, they would leave
tin? utmost latitude of discretion to Conoress. But they aie
not. They merely express the general motives tor taxation,
and above all, contain no substantial grant of power. Fur
if they did, *s is well oht-erved by the President,' all the
rest of the Constitution, consisting <>f carefully enuineiated.
and cautiously giMitW grants ol speeitie powers, would be
useless, if not delusive.>"
And ag-ain he remarks:
" The limitation imposed, arising out of the natiue of the
Constitution, is, that objects connected with the common
defense and geneial welfare, are to be obtained by means
of the specific and express i*rnnh of power. Without this
construction, there would be no limitation to the applica-
tion of the public money by Congress, but the discretion of
that bodv would be Miprune and arbitrary. I have nheady
referred to the clause of ihe Constitution which recognizes
in Congress the power of making appropriations from the
Treasury. This power is as general as woids can convey,
with no limitation whatever. Either, therefore, this per-
vading principle of construing grants of power bv the pur-
poses and provisions of the Constitution, mu>t limit this
authority, or it is unlimited, and may be u^ed or abused at
the pleasure of ihf  National Legislature, and to the estab-
lishment of arbitrary authority upon the ruins of the Con-
stitution. Apply this same rule to the power to dispose of
the public pioperty,"
—that is the public lands and other property.
" Apply this same rule to the power to dispose of the
pubhe properly, by requiting that it >hall be exercised m
coniornnty icith the gjcrn/s of the Constitution,',ini\ we carry
out the true pi maple, and /amis/i safeguards against legis-
lative abuse.
Now, Mr. President, if I understand the view
taken here by the honorable Senator, it is that
neither the power granted to Congress to lay and
collect duties and other taxes, nor the power to
dispose of the public lands, is absolutely an un-
limited power; that neither of them is subject to
the mere limitation; that they shall be applied
or used for the purpose of the common defense
and general welfare, but that each is limited and
restrained by the general principles of the Con-
stitution, and the specific enumerations contained
in it. Assuming that to be the case, I ask what
is the power of Congress to raise and collect
revenues? It is granted in the words specified by
the Senator from Michigan, which I have just
read. It is to lay and collect taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises—now I will read this as the
President in his message says it ought to be read
—u m order to pay the debts, and in order to pro-
vide for the common defense and general welfare."
Is that power subject to any restriction except
that Congress shall not raise money but with a
view to provide for the common defense and gen-
eral welfare? TheSenator says it is. Then what
is the other restriction ? Where is it to be found ?
What part of the Constitution can be read or
tortured into putting any restraint or restriction
upon it, beside what is implied in these words?
Well, sir, there is none. Is there any other power
given to Congress?
The Senator speaks of the power granted to
Congiess to make appropriations out of theTreas-
ury. Now, that does not enlarge the powers of
Congress, either in the collection of'the revenue
or the purposes to which it may be rightfully dd-
voted. As Mr. Calhoun clearly perceived, that
provision in the Constitution that "no money
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in conse-
quence of appropriations made by law," is what
is called a negative pregnant. It denies any other
mode of drawing money from thepublicTreasury,
and thereby necessarily implied that the money
may be drawn in that mode; but it adds nothing
to, and takes nothing from, the purposes to which
Congress may apply the money which has been
raised. That power is to be elsewhere determ-
ined. This clause provides only the orderly
method in which the money in the Treasury may
be taken out in order to be applied to the purposes
to which Congress has a rightful authority to ap-
ply it.
Now, that being the case, and the honorable
Senator himself having said that this rule is also
to be applied to the power of Congress to dispose
of the public lands and property of the United
States, let us see how we stand with regard to
precedent; and how, if the honorable Senator's
views on this occasion are correct, we have been
misled by his own high authority upon the sub-
ject of the powers of Congress as well over the
public money as over the public land. The first
session that I had the honor of a sear on thisflooi,
a distinguished, yes, 1 will say, an illustrious gen-
tUraan and fuend of mine, Mr. Ciittenden, was a
member of this body from Kentucky. It was the
year succeeding the disastrous failure of crops in
Ireland and Scotland; and prompted by the native
philanthropy of his mind, he introduced a bill into
the Senate, which as it is very brief, I will, with
your permission, Mr. President, read. The first
section proposed to enact
"That the President of the United States be, and he here-
by is, authorized tocame to ho purchased such provisions
as he may deem suitable and propei,and to cau^e the same
to be transposed and tendetedm the name of the people
of the United Scares to that of Great Dnlaiti for rhetelicf
of the people of iieland and Scotland suffering from the
great calamity of bcaicity and iamme."
The second section provided:
" That the sum of>')0O.0OO be. and the same is hereby,
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appiopriated, to carry into effect this act.5'
And the third section provided:
u That the President of the United States be. and he is
hereby, authon/.ed, at his discretion, to employ any of the
public ships of the United States for the transpoitation of
the provisions to be purchased as aforesaid."
That bill was ordered to be engrossed in the
Senate on the 27th of February, 1847, and bore
the title of" A bill to provide some relief for the
suffering people of Ireland and Scotland." Now,
sir, let us pau*e for a moment anon the provisions
of this bill. First: it was a bill authorizing the
President to purchase provisions, and to send
those provisions, in the name of the people of the
United States, to the people of Great Britain, for
the relief of those in Ireland and Scotland who
were suffering under the then calamity of scarcity
and famine. Secondly: it was a hill proposing to
take out of the Treasury $500,000 of the public
money, to enable the President to make the pur-
chase, and to ship the provisions. Ill the third
place, it authorized the President to convert the
public vessels of the nation from their appropriate
business as public armed vessels into transports
for the purpose uf carrying those provisions across
tile ocean.
Mr. President, I desire to know under what
clause or article of the Constitution, what actual
or supposed grant or implication of power to
Congress to make dispositions of money from
the public Treasury, we acquired, according to
the Senator's rule of interpretation, the authority
to take a half million of dollars, and send it to
feed people who were starving in Ireland and
Scotland ? Why, the Senator says that the words j
" for the common defense and general welfare,"
even supposing them to be a restriction, would
amount to nothing, because they would still leave
an undefined margin of congressional discretion.
Permit me to say, sir, that I think the honorable
Senaior is mistaken in supposing so, for although
I will admit that the words, " for the common
defense and general warfare," do not furnish very
strict limitations upon the power, yet if they be
considered as limitations, I submit to the honora-
ble Senator himself if they do not prohibit this
application of the public money. How would the
common defense of the United States, how would
the general welfare of the United States be ad-
vanced or promoted by buying corn and sending
it to feed the poor in Ireland and Scotland ? Many
questions might arise upon the application of
money which might bring us to a pause. Gen-
erally, difference of opinions might arise. You,
Mr. President, might think a particular applica-
tion of the public money to be for the common
defense and general welfare, and I might differ
from you. But permit me to ask if there could
be any difference of opinion between any two
members of this body when they were called upon
to say, " will sending money to Ireland andsend-
ing money to Scotland, or sending provisions to
Ireland or to Scotland, promote tne common de-
fense and general welfare of the United States."
Again, sirL there is nothing in the Constitution
of the United States, if there be any limitations at
all upon our power m disposing of the money,
which makes any distinction between applying
our funds to feed the starving in foreign countries,
and applying our funds for ihe benefit of the
insane in foreign countries, or the deaf and dumb
m foreign countries, or any other class of human
beings in foreign countries that may need assist-
ance, or charity, or benevolence—none. No
human being can point out, upon the question of
power, any reason why, if we can apply the funds
in one way, we cannot apply them m any of the
others. I will admit, if we once assume the
power, upon the expediency of exercising it there
may be a great difference between ail occasional
supply of food to relieve the people of a friendly
country, who are suffering under a temporary
scarcity, and making a provision for the benefit of
the indigent insane, or the deaf or dumb, of that
country; but upon the question of power there is
no difference.
A second remark I make is this: The Consti-
tution makes no discrimination in our powers be-
tween supplying the people of Ireland and Scot-
land out of our Treasury when they are in want
of food, and supplying ihe people of Russia, of
Germany, of Prance, of Turkey, yes, sir, and of
the far East. The Constitution knows no differ-
ence. If there is anything said upon it in the
Constitution, it has escaped my reading and ob-
servation. If, therefore, we have power to make
such dispositions for the benefit of suffei ing people
in Ireland and Scoiland, we have a right to make
similar dispositions for suffering people of foreign
countries all over the world. *
Mr. President, as I have said, that bill was
ordered to be engrossed in the Senate, and after a
discussion, but not a very long one—for I do not
think we were quite as longitudinal in our debates
in 1846-'47 as we are now—but after a discus-
sion, and a discussion upon the constitutional
power—this objection being made and insisted
upon—the bill was ordered to be engrossed by a
vote of 27 yeas to 13 naye, Those who voted in
the affirmative were:
.IIUyi. Atchison, Rerrien, Breese, Calhoun,
Cameron, Cass, John M. Clayton, Corwm, Crittenden,
Davis, flay ion, Evans, Greene, Hunnezan, Houston,}l unt-
irii'ton. Johnsonof Maryland, Johnson of Louisiana, Man-
«imi, Millar, Morehead, Simmons, Sould, Sturgeon, and
Webster."
Those who voted in the negative were:
"Messrs. Archer, Badirer, Bagiiy, Butler, Chalmers,.
Dlfkiri^on, IMx, Fairfield, Mason, Nilefe, Tat ney, Westcolt,
and Vulee."
Now, let us pause here. In 1847, on the 27th
of February in that year, this hill was ordered to
be engrossed in the Senate, on the yeas and nays,
by the vote which I have just read.
Now, Mr. President, considering that the dis-
tinguished Senator from Michigan, and the late
distinguished Senatorfrom South Carolina, [Mr.
Calhoun,] the strictest of the strict in his expo-
sition of constitutional powers, voted for that bill,
I ask you if those of us here who conceive that
this Government may apply something, either of
money or lands, for the benefit of their own
people, do not stand with a very fair excuse, if not
justification. What, sir, have we a government
so constructed', and a Constitution so limited and
defined, that Congress eancollect from the people
what moneys it pleases by duties and other taxa-
tion, and after they are collected, if the inhabi-
tants of the neighboring city of Alexandria were
starving for want of bread, they have not the con-
stitutional power to appropriate one hundred dol-
lars to save them from that calamity ? And does the
Constitution leave Congress at liberty, if it chooses,
to empty the Treasury in applying it to those who
are in want of food in other and distant portions
of the world? In other words, we should be
placed -in this position, according to that argu-
ment. The Constitution has set out., in its pre-
amble, what were the great purposes for which it
was framed: "In order to form a more perfect
Union"—where? Not between us and Ireland
and Scotland, 1 suppose, but a more perfect
