1858.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide for the execution, by the courts of the United
States, of commissions to take testimony issuing
from the courts of justice of friendly nations;
which was read a first and second time by unan-
imous consent, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER asked and obtained unanimous
consent to introduce a joint resolution for the re-
lief of the owners of the brig Kate Boyd; which
was read a first and second time by unanimous
consent, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
COMMERCE IN THE PACIFIC.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolution; !
which was considered by unanimous-consent, and ]
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instruct-
ed 10 inquire and report on the general condition of the
commerce of the United States carried on upon the Pacific
ocean, and whether any legislative action is necessary for
the security and promotion of that important national in-
terest.
reference ofthe president's message.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that so much of the
President's message as relates to the finances be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN. 1 move that so much of the
President's message as relates to naval affairs be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. { move that so much
of the President's message as relates to the public
lands be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I move that so much of the
President's message as relates to roads and canals
be referred to the Com mittee on Roads and Canals.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN I move that so much of the
President's message as relates to commerce, and
the improvement of lakes, harbors, and rivers, be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I move that so much of the
President's message as relates to our foreign re-
lations be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs, I move
that so much of the President's message as relates
to military affairs be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Territories, I move
that so much of the President's message as relates
to our Territories be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that so much of
the President's message as relates to Indian affairs
be referred to the Committee on Indian Afl'airs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. In the absence of the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, I move
that so much of the President's message as relates
to the judicial system of the United States be re-
ferred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADAMS. In the absence of the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
I move that so much of the President's message
as relates to the post office and post roads be re-
ferred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
california judicial districts.
Mr. GWIN. According to previous notice, I
ask leave to introduce a bill concerning the dis-
trict courts of the United States in California.
I wish, Mr. President, to make a statement in
regard to the bill. It is already provided by law
that California shall be divided into two judicial
districts, and have two district judges. The ob-
ject of this bill is to require the President to ap-
point a judge for the southern district, and to
permit the two judges to alternate with each other.
On the death of the judge of the southern dis-
trict, some years ago, the judge of the northern
district was required to discharge the duties of
SI
judge of both districts, a duty which he finds it
impossible to perform, which makes it of great
importance to j>ass this bill at once. The Presi-
dent of the United States has now the power to
appoint a district judge for the southern district,
but there is no legal authority for the judges to
alternate. We have but one judgre now in the
State, and in case of his sickness or inability to
discharge his duties, the whole business of the
district courts in the State would be suspended.
I hope, therefore, as the bill has been drawn up
oy the Attorney General, there will be no objec-
tion to its passage at once.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It is as follows:
A. BILL concerning the District Courts of the United States
m California.
Be it enacted, &.c., That there shall he appoint by the
President of the United States, by and with the advice arid i
consent ofthe Senate, a district judge for the southern
judicial district heretofore eMaWishorl in the State of Cali-
fornia, and that the sessions oMIe district court at San Jose
fetockton, and Sacramento are hereby abolished: and in
case of the sickness or other inability of the district iud«e
of the southern district of California, to hold the terms of
the district court at the places prescribed by law, or at
either of them, it shall be lawful for the district judge of
the northern district of California to hold the said belong
ofthe district court for the southern district, or any of them *
and in case the district couit for the northern judicial dis-
tnciof California shall, trorn sickness or other cause be
unable to hold Ihe sessions of the di -liict court for 'the
northern district of California, at the tunes and places all-
pointed by law, or cither of them, it shall and mav be law-
ful for the district judge for flip southern district o't Califor-
nia to hold said sessions of the district comt fot the north-
ern district of California, or any or either of them.
Mr. PETTIT. I certainly do not wish to de-
feat the intention of the Senator from California,
but it seems to me that a bill of the importance
which this is, creating, in fact, a new judicial cir-
cuit, creating a new officer, a new judge, should
at least go through the forin of a reference to the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. GWIN. 1 hope the Senator will not persist
in his motion to refer the bill. It is important to
my State to have another judge appointed without
delay. There are now only three members of
the Judiciary Committee in this city; and I do not
know when the others will get here. I intended
to refer the bill to the Committee on the Judiciary,
and to ask that it should be immediately reported
back to the Senate; and I have been waiting a week
for a quorum of the committee to be in attendance
in the Senate, before I presented this bill; but on
account of the absence of so many members, its
reference must delay our action. It has been
drawn up by the Attorney General, and does not
create a new officer, as the Senator supposes, be- ,
cause the southern judgeship was created more
than three years ago. It is notorious that Judge i
Hoffman cannot discharge the duties of judge of i
both districts. The Attorney General, to whom
the subject was referred for examination, is con-
vinced that he cannot discharge the duties of both.
We want an additional judge at once, that the in-
telligence may go to California by the mail of the
20th instant. There is a delay of justice for the
want of a judge of the southern district that j
should not be permitted. I will not urge the bill, j
if the Senator persists in his motion; but I hope >
he, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, i
will act at once, and have the bill reported back I
without delay, if it is referred to his committee. !
Mr. PETTIT. I am certainly unwilling to I
disoblige the Senator, but I do really think the j
bill ought to be referred to the Judiciary Commit- I
tee. Upon its face it does create a new judgeship '
Trancisco, via the Sandwich Islands, to Shanghai, in
China, and back, in steam vessels of not less than two
, ^"S b'":den' of the best form of construction,
adapted to the navigation of the Pacific ocean; the same
to be ready in the shortest possible time.
explanation.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I submitted,
yesterday, a resolution directing the Committee
on Roads and Canals to inquire into the expedi-
ency of constructing a railroad from the western
imits of one of the existing States to the eastern
line of California. I perceive that some of the
journals of the day have the word " Florida" in
place of "California." It is probable that the
word   Florida was uttered; and I find that the
resolution, as it lies on the table, and as printed
, in some of the papers, has that word inserted in-
| stead of " California." I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to have the necessary correction
made on the Journal.
The PRESIDENT. That correction will be
made. The resolution of the Senator from Ohio
will now come up in its regular order.
Mr. CHASE. I ask that it may lie on the
table for the present.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection,
i that course will be pursued.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, the Senate pro- *
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after sometime spent therein, the doors were
reopened.
election of officers of the senate.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Resolved, That the following rule be adopted, and num-
bered the 52d rule of the Senate, to wit:
In all cases of election by the Senate of its officers, the
vote shall be taken viva voce.
Mr. BRODHEAD expressed his desire that
the rule should be further amended so as to pro-
vide that the Executive sessions of the Senate be
open to the public.
Mr. DODGE expressed his concurrence with
the Senator from Pennsylvania; but he preferred
that the propositions should be separate and dis-
tinct.
Mr. BRODHEAD did not persist in his amend-
ment.
Mr. CHASE objected t# the consideration of
the resolution at this time.
It therefore lies over under the rules.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, moved that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be authorized to emplov
a clerk.
Mr. BRIGHT said: The Senate was aware
that, in consequence of the onerous duties which
fourteen committees of the Senate have to perform,
they were now constituted of six Senators each,
instead of five as heretofore, and it mus't be ob-
vious that the dispatch of public business required
that those committees should each have the aid of
a clerk; he moved, therefore, so to amend the mo-
tion as to authgrize those fourteen committees
each to employ a clerk.
The amendment was agreed to, and the motion,
as amended, was adopted. It was, therefore,
Ordered, That each of the several committees, consist-
ing of si* members, be authorized to employ a clerk.
The Senate then adjourned.
-a new judge. The State may have heretofore
been divided into a northern and southern district,
but all the duties of both districts have been re-
posed in one judge. I think I am not going out
of the way in asking that the bill should be re-
ferred to the Judiciary Committee. I make the
motion that it be so referred.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA AND CHINA STEAM LINE.
Mr. GWIN introduced the following bill:
A BILL to establish a line of steamships from San Fran-
cisco, via the Sandwich Islands, to Shanghai, in China.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
ofthe United States of Jlmenca in Con°i ess assembled, That
tile Postmaster Genei al be, and he is hereby, directed to enter
into a contract for the term of live years, for a sum not ex-
ceeding -5 , with such pel-mi or peisous as may offer
sufficient and '•ati.ilaetory security, after due public notiee,
for the transportation of the United States mails upon the
best terms lor the United Slates, semi-monthly, from San
j, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
ij Thursday, December 15, 1853.
11 The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
j! by the "Rev. Henry Slicer.
h The Journal of yesterday wasreadand approved.
Ij orders of the day.
j: The House proceeded to the consideration of
i the orders of the day, the first business being the
i< call of committees for reports.
i! indian appropriation bill,
j Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on
li Ways and Means, reported a bill making appro-
]i priations for the current and contingent expenses
:j of the Indian Department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
j) year ending June 30,1855; which was read a first
! and second time by its title, referred to the Com-
j mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
u and ordered to be printed.
