1620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
Union here. "Establish justice"—where?
home. "Insure domestic tranquillity"—no
At
-not in
Ireland, surely, but here. "Provide for the com-
moa defense, promote the general welfare"—of
whom? Of our own people. "And secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our poster-
ity." For these purposes the Constitution was
established for the United States of America.
The Constitution having declared in the pre-
amble these as being the objects and purposes, and
the sole objects and purposes, for which that in-
strument was establishea, has yet been made,ac- j
cording to this doctrine, in such a particular and
curious method, that whilst we can send millions
abroad to help foreigners, we cannot appropriate
a dollar to save our own people from starving!
Again, the honorable Senator, m the passage
which I have read, supposes the power " to dis-
pose of" the public lands to be subject to the
same general restriction ? Very well, sir, there is
no express restriction upon the power. If it is
subject only to these inferential restrictions to
t which the President refers, and which the honor-
able Senator from Michigan indorses, then the
thing is conclusive to demonstration. Here are
two powers, one over the land and the other over
the money, both subject to the same and no other
restrictions. The mon^y you can dispose of for
the benefit of people in foreign lands, and, there-
fore, you can dispose of the lands for the same
purpose; you cannot get clear of that conclusion.
Now, Mr. President, if these conclusions are
the result of what are called the principles of strict
construction of that instrument, I say beware of \
them. I do not adopt the principle of strict con- i
struction; I do not adopt the principle of a liberal
construction; but, so far as I know, I endeavor to
Flant myself upon the rule of construction which
once heard laid down in thecircuitcourtof North
Carolina by that most eminent man and excellent
judge, the late John Marshall. A professional
friend of mine filed a hill on the equity side of that
court. It had been demurred to for want of juris-
diction; and after an argument on the question of
jurisdiction, the district judge gave his opinion
against the jurisdiction, and concluded by saying
that he thought courts of the United States should
" lean" against, taking jurisdiction. The Chief
Justice said in hie quiet and emphatic manner:
" Tn thiit opinion f do not eonenr. Tlii^ court lias 110
leanings; tin; jun^diction which tin* Constitution ami ihe
law confer the* court w bound to take; the jurisdiction
which thcMi do not eontW the court h:n no <lc- ire to take.
The court expounds the Constitution neither liberally nor
UriUly, but to the best of its judgment, fairly."
Now, Mr. President, whether I am in error or
not, in the views J have taken of the power of
Congress to dispo.se of the public lands, I submit
this "to you: 1 am supported by the words of ihe
instrument. I am supported by precedents with-
out number in the legislation of this country. I
am supported by the approval of men of the
highest eminence and loftiest powers that ever
adorned the history of this country—Senators,
members of the House of Representatives, heads
of Departments, and Presidents of the United
States; and I claim that I am supported by the
authority of the honorable Senator from Michigan.
If I understand his speech, he puts the same limit-
ation upon the power over the money, and none
other, as upon the power over the lands; and I
have shown by his vote in j847, upon the bill "to
provide some relief for the sulfering people of
Scotland and Ireland," that he held that we had
power to dispose of money from the Treasury to
accomplish that object.
Mr. WALLER. Will my friend from North
Carolina allow me to ask him a question.''
Mr. BADGER. Certainly.
Mr.WELLER. 1 find he is recorded in the
negative on that bill; and I desire to know whether
that negative vote was given on account of the
unconstitutionality of the bill—whether he thought,
it unconstitutional, and therefore voted against it?
Mr, BADGER. I shall answer that with great
cheerfulness. 1 never thought it necessary to in-
vestigate that question at all; for I was satisfied
that if we had the power, it was a most inexpe-
dient exercise, of it; and I told my friend from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] that it was so. He said
lie would satisfy me on the constitutional power.
I said, " Give yourself no trouble on that point,
I think it very inexpedient.'5
I was about saying, sir, when I gave way for
the question of the Senator from California, that
with regard to the question of the power of Con-
gress over the public lands, and with regard to
whether the words "to provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United States,"
are to be considered in the character of a restric-
tion of the power, or as merely guides to indicate
the purposes to which the revenue when raised
shall be applied, I have never yet seen the necessity
of making up a definite opinion. I took up this
subject in former remarks which I made, and I
take it up now, assuming the President's exposi-
tion as the true one. But, Mr. President, 1 must
say that we are placed in a most extraordinary
condition, if it be true that we have power to ap-
propriate money to alleviate the sufferings of the
starving inhabitants of foreign lands, and the in-
digent insane of foreign lands, and yet it is incom-
petent for Congress to apply a dollar of money, or
an acre of land, either to provide for the suffering
poor or the indigent insane of our own country !
Why, sir, if such a doctrine as that were estab-
lished by authority, is it not evident that we
should subject oui selves to the jeers and scoffs of
the whole civilized world ? " What," men would
say, " here were thirteen Colonies which were
separated from the mother country in consequence
of the oppression of their rulers; they fought
through a bloody war te establish their independ-
ence, and soon afterwards finding it necessary to
establish a Constitution for the benefit of their
own people within their own borders, they gave
unlimited power, under the Constitution, to the
Legislature to raise money by duties and taxes on
their own people, and to apply it to all the for-
eigners in the woild, but strictly prohibited them
from using a dollar of it for the benefit of them-
selves !"
Will it be said that our forefathers were so be-
neficent while establishing this Constitution for
themselves, that their eye was still bent on for-
eigners in foreign lands; and m respect to them
they left the hands of the Government unfettered
to spend what it might choose for their benefit,
but tied them up with cords, prohibited any as-
sistance they could afford with reference to any
class of our own people whose sufferings might
demand their aid? And, Mr. President, see how
strangely this rule will operate. Here were cer-
tain unfortunate Irishmen who were starving for
want of bread at home. According to the views
entertained by my friend from Michigan and Mr.
Calhoun, we had a right to expend $500,000 m
furnishing food for them in Ireland; and yet if
some kind friend had furnished them with the
means of paying their passage to the United
] States, and they had landed in Massachusetts, or
| New York, Cong ress would instantly have lost
| all power to help, and must have stood by and
| seen them starve. The beauty of this system
j would be to confine our liberality to foreigners,
; and not only that, but to foreigners in foreign
| lands. While foreigners are abroad we may help
I them; but the moment they touch our own shores
| our power to help is gone. Can this be so, Mr.
i President? It cannot.
j I think, therefore, Mr. President, the honorable
I Senator from Michigan must either now reverse
; and renounce the opinion under which he voted
for that bill, or he must reverse the proposition
which he lays down in his speech, that the Con-
stitution supplies the samesafeguard against abuse
( in this disposition of the public money as m the
I distribution of the lands tie must do the one or
| the other, or admit that the power of the Govern-
; ment under this bill is clear and unquestionable.
| For myself, I have no doubt of u. 1 do not intend
to enter into the question again; but I think
that when we hear of a latitudinanau construction
of the Constitution, and when the Senator from
Michigan acquaints the Senate with the conse-
quences which would result from the exercise of
the indefinite, unlimited, and arbitrary power of
Congress overthepublic lands for which, he says,
I contended, I have a right to ask him how he
reconciles with his view of this bill the vote which
he gave on the bill for furnishing relief for the suf-
ferers of Ireland and Scotland in February, 1847.
Mr. CASS. I have had a full shaie in this de-
bate, and the weather is too hot now to make a
long speech. I will only say a few words. If
the honorable Senator were to establish my incon-
sistency, that would not weigh anything in favor
of this bill. Pie says that he agrees to the inter-
polation of the words " in order to," as suggested
by Judge Story, and maintained by him " in
order to promote the general welfare." How,
" to promote the general welfare ?" Why, by the
provisions of the Constitution, else the powers of
this Congress would become illimitable. That is
as certain as any fact can be. If you have a
right, under the pretense of promoting the general
welfare, or under a claim to promote the general
welfare, to make any appropriation you please,
without reference to constitutional purposes, you
are perfectly afloat—a government without a con-
stitution. You must either exercise your power
in conformity with the principles and purposes of
the Constitution, or you are without any limita-
tion. Therefore,-Mr. President, when the Con-
stitution provides that taxes shall be levied to
promote the general welfare, it is to promote the
general welfare agreeably to the purposes and ob-
jects of the Constitution.
Now, with respect to this appropriation to
which he alludes. I hold in my hand a similar
law, passed in 1812,and signed by Mr. Madison,
which was fully discussed, as the honorable Sen-
ator knows, some few years ago, appropriating
$50,000 for the relief of the distressed inhabitants
of Caraccas, whose propeity was destroyed by
an earthquake. It was signed by James Madi-
son. I need not say, when I mention his name,
that I mention one of the best and most authori-
tative expounders of our Constitution. I do not
pretend to say, that, in a question of foreign inter-
course, doubts might be raised upon that subject.
They were raised in 3812; though Mr. Madison
signed the law. They were raised then. They
were raised five or six years. What we may
do, as a question of foreign intercourse under the
general provisions of the Constitution, I do not
undertake to say. There may be great calamities
befalling the poor people, that may almost re-
quire, or, at any rate, furnish strong motives
for the application which they have made; but I
repeat to the honorable Senator that he would
gain by that step not one tittle. The main point
which he relies upon—the power of this Govern-
ment to make indefinite, unlimited appropriations,
under the motives assigned of promoting the gen-
eral welfare—would leave us without any limita-
tion.
Mr. RADGRR. The honorable Senator will
allow me to flay, that his argument reduces us to
this predicament. The money must be appropri-
ated for the general welfare, according to the plan
laid down in the Constitution, except where it is
necessary for the starving Irish. [Laughter.]
Mr. SLIDELL. Under ordinary circumstan-
ces, I would probably have recorded a silent vote
to sustain the presidential veto of this bill, but
certain joint resolutions of the Legislature of
Louisiana, render it necessary that I should give
a veiy brief explanation of the reasons of my
voting in the negative on the question of its pas-
sage.
The resolutions to which I refer are these:
lie it resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of Ihe State oj Louisiana in General Assembly convened,
That our Senators be instructed, and our Representatives
requested, to bring in and peek, by all just and honorable
means, to secure the passage of a bill granting to the State
of Louisiana four townships of land for ihe education of
the deaf and dumb, and three townships for the education
of the blind
Resolved, That Louisiana, asking nothing for the unfor-
tunate within her own borden which she would not Ireelv
accord toothers, hereby instructs her Senators,and requests
her Representative-*, to support such just and equitable piop-
ositions a* may be offered, making similar grants to other
States for such laudable purposes.
In terms they do not apply to the bill now be-
fore the Senate; but I consider them as fully cov-
ering its principle. It would be an unworthy eva-
sion to attempt to discriminate between grants for
purposes so closely analogous; and, although I
have doubts of its constitutionality, and very de-
cided objections on the ground of expediency, I
should, with the opinions I entertain of the right of
the Legislature to instruct, and of the correlative
duty of Senatois to obey, have felt myself bound
to sustain it by my vote, if it simply provided for
grants of land to the States for the benevolent pur-
poses which it specifies. But the bill goes much
further. It establishes not only minute details
for the management of the asylums which it is in-
tended to endow, and, by almost necessary impli-
cation, gives power to the General Government
to enforce a proper application of the fund to be
derived from the sale of the lands granted, or of
