1 Qtt
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 6,
appropriations for continuing the construction of .
certain roads in ths Territory of Minnesota, in i
accordance with the estimates made by the War j
Department.
it proposes io appropriate far the continuation ;
of the road from Point Douglas, on the Missis-
sippi river, to the mouth of the St. Louis river, 1
of Lake Superior, $20,000; for the continuation i
of the road from Point Douglas to Fort Gaines,
now Fort Ripley, $10,000; for the continuation of
the road from the mouth of Swan river to the j
Winnebago agency, £5,000; for the continuation ;
of the road from Wabashaw to iVIendota, §15,000;
A verbal amendment having been made, on the
motion of Mr. Douglas, tne bill was reported to
the Senate, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
ARMIJO, PEREAj AND COLLINS.
On the motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Tenitory of New Mexico to pay to
.fuan C. Annijo, Jose L. Perea, and James L. ;
Collins, the amount by them loaned to the Legis- I
lative Assembly of the Tei ntory of New Mexico, !
under the joint resolution of that body, approved
June 17, 1851.
The payment of theamount, with interest, is to !
be made out of the unexpended fund appropriated ;
by Congress for legislative expenses in the Terri-
tory, and m accordance with the agreement made
when the loan was negotiated. !
The bill was reported to the Senate without j
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading} read a third time, and passed.
SALE OF RESERVED LANDS.
On the motion of Mr. M ALLORY, the Senate, '
as in Cominiueeof the Whole,resumed the consul- ;
eration of the bill to author!/,e the sale of reserved
lands, and tor other purposes.
The oiigmal bill was introduced by Mr. Dot;<,- :
las, and referred to the Committee on Military
AlFair*.
TJie committee reported back the bill with an
amendment to strike out all after the enactirur 1
clause, and insert tin* following, as a substitute:
Tij.it in all i-dm's whcie public l.nnN have heen, or maj
liciv.iU.'i ho roerved oi :u quned lor military purpose*, and ,
lln'j bliall 1m' no longer riMjuned by the (iovcinment lor
public u e-<3 the Pi e-adont ot the United Staler shall be, and ;
he U hereby, authon/.ed to caiw: tin; ^ame to be sold, hi
such manner and umlcr Mich rejrulauons as may hot eon- 1
duce to the public mt« ie-.t* , and the net pint < cd* imni the
vales of such lands shall In; paid mm tin: Treasury <>[ the i
(Jnitt;d Stale-!, atiei deducting all actual and necesMn cv
pen>es auendin;; oi jrrowuim outot'the sales ot such hinds. :
Sttf 'J. ~ln<< he il j id th> r vnu/teil, Th.it in all vises of
sales ot lands, resfived oraeipuicd lor nnhtaiy puipos-e-,
••in which buildings or olhei iinprnveiuentshave been erected
or made by the iJoveminent, the net piooerd:-. ot «*uch ,-ab^
shall Ue paid mio tin- Tic:imii v to ihe errdil ot the appropi i-
Ktion trom which Mich building or improvements weie
elected oi made.
^i:< . 3. *ln<ll>cu/iuf/iri rnucli'il, That where improve
incuts have been, or may he made on any such revived
lands by societies or individual*- under authorm tiom the
Government, the Pioident of ilie United Slater be. and
he is hereby, authou/ed to sell to (hem such quantity of
land, not exceeding m quantity a quarter of one section, .
as may be necessary to tin; objects loi which such impiove- 1
m«nt.- were made, and lor tie' propei u-^e ,uid securitv ot |
them, at a puce at least equal to the actual co.-t to the Gov- !
ernincnt ol .• in h lands, and not hiss titan the minimum price
ot the public lands.
The amendment was agreed to. 1
The bill was reported to the Senate; (lieamend-
ment was concurred in, and :he bill ordered to be
engrossed for a third leading, and was read a thud
tune, and passed.
ROBERT C. THOMPSON.
On the motion of M r. COOPER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consular ■
-the bill tor therehefof Robert C. Thompson, only
surviving child and legal repi esentative of Wil-
liam Thompson, deceased, formerly a brigadier
general m the Army of the Revolutionary war.
it proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Robert C. Thompson, only
surviving child and administrator, with the will
annexed, of Wilham Thompson, deceased, for-
merly ;i brigadier general in the Army of the
Revolutionary war,) seven years' half pay, of an :
o:lieer of the idok of a brigadier general in that,
service. i
jM-\ COOPER. T move to amend the bill by !
striking out the words: "his surviving ch.ld." '
There are other surviving chddren. !
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. NORRlti. If there is any report in the
case I should like to hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
informed that there is no report.
Mr. COOPER. There was a report accom-
panying the bill. It was reported upon unani-
mously by the committee. I reported the bill in
the first place without the authority of the com-
mittee, by mistake. 1 then withdrew it, and the
report was subsequently made as the committee
will recollect. I find that there were two bills
printed, one with interest provided for as it was
first reported, and the other as it is now read.
;j The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ij ator state what was the number of the first bill?
l! Mr. COOPER. I cannot tell what the number
: of the first bill was. The number of the present
|: bill is 338,1 think. 1 have here a copy of the
;i report.
j[ The paper was read, from which it appears that
!! General Thompson was appointed a brigadier
;i general in the Army of the Revolutionary war,
i,1 fiom the State of Pennsylvania, m Match, 1776.
1 At the battle of " Three Rivers," on the 13th of
June, 177G, he waa taken prisoner. He died on
the 13th of September, 1781, not having been ex-
changed, but being on parole. Neither General
'j Thompson, during his life time, nor his children
after his death, have leceived the seven years'half
pay he was entitled to by virtue of the resolution
j, of Congress of August 24, 1780. The certificate
!; of the Third Auditor, which is on file with the
papers in the case, states that the records of the
levolutionary war in that office alfoid no evidence
■, that General Thompson went into the service, or
■' the date of his death, or that he was on parole
and never exchanged; but they do alfoid evidence
I that he was in the service, and that funds wpre
,1 placed in his hands to pay the olficers arid soldiers
,! under him subsequent to his return from captivity.
I! The affidavit of Mrs. Thompson, the widow of
the eldest son of General Thompson, proves that
i he was in the service, and fought in several bat-
;j ties during the revolutionary war, and that lie
' died September 3, 1781, a prisoner. Ext/acts are
also fuitjixhfd from the ptoceedin;:s of Congiess
of that period going to show that he was recog-
nixed an being m the service.
;j The committee consider that the testimony es-
j tahlishes the facts that General Thompson was a
! brigadier general; that he was taken a prisoner at
i| the battle of Three Rivers on the 13th June, 1770;
,i that he died a prisoner, on paiole, on the 3d Sep-
'i tember, 3781; that neither his widow norchildren
| have received the seven years' half pay to which
;; they were entitled by virtue of the act of Con-
gresN of Augusts, I'80, that Robert C.Thomp-
son is his legal representative, and is thereby
deemed to be entitled to the seven years'halt pay
claimed by him as such legal representative, from
the 3d September, 1781, the date of the death of
General Thompson.
Mr. COOPER. I shall not makeaspeech, but
I desire to say that this otll was reported fiom the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims by myself.
The way it happens that there is no report, *1 pre-
sume, is this: The petition was at first, with the
accompanying papers, commuted to me, and 1
made a report upon them. In presenting reports
here on one occasion, I made one on this case
without the authority of the committee. It oc-
ciniT-d to rne, befote ] left the Senate Chamber
that day, that I had done so; and I fsked permis-
sion io withdraw it. The report was withdrawn.
Permission was subsequently obtained from the
committee to report the bill; and, 1 presume, the
bill only was brought back and printed without the
repoit. I know of no other reason why the re-
port is not printed. 1 made the report myself. 1
know there was a report. I have a great many
papers extracted from the public records, which
show who General Thompson was. Heisfamil-
}a.r 1° ^lsJory, and the person for whose relief the
hill is is his grandchild.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania a question. I may have misappre-
hended what was read by the Secretary, but I
thought I discovered a ver}' palpable conflict in
the testimony as regards dates As f understood
the affidavit of the lady, which was read, it repre-
sents that General Thompson wa^ taken piisoner
some time in 177f>; and that he died a prisoner in
1781. Then 1 heard it stated, as the Secretary
read on, that there is record evidence on file in
the Department, that he was appointed a disburs-
ing agent in 1780. I want to reconcile ihis appar-
ent conflict in the testimony. How happens it?
Mr. COOPER. I will explain that m one mo-
ment. General Thompson was taken prisoner at
the Three Rivers, with his command. He was
retained a prisoner from that time, in 1776, to the
end of the war. He was on his parole in 1780,
when he was made a disbursing agent to pay his
own troops. That all appears in the State papers.
He was a prisoner, and he died a prisoner, but
he was appointed to pay over money to his own
troops, as it appears from the Journals of Con-
gress.
Mr. NOR.RIS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. BUODHEAD. I hope not. I hope we
shall act upon this bill first.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—ayes 12, noes 23.
Mr. BRIGHT, i believe the report in this
case has not been printed yet.
Mr. NOltRfS. There is no report at all.
Mr. BRIGHT. I understood what the Secre-
tary read was the report. Certninly, I heard
some paper read other than the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the right bill, by some means or
other, has not been printed, and what has been
read is a manuscript copy of the report.
Mr. BRIGHT. That report is very unsatis-
factory to my mind. The bill itself, I believe,
allows interest and goes buck 
Mr. COOPER. No, sir, it does not allow in-
Mr. BRIGHT. I would ask the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, [Mr- Evans,]
whether the general bill which he has reported to
the Senate, does not cover this case ?
Mr. EVANS. There is a bill pending granting
pay in the first instance to officers of the revolu-
tionary army who, under several resolutions of
Congress, were entitled to receive it, although a
commutation of full nay for *ive years may have
been received; and in case of the death of the
oiucer, his widow and hia children are provided
for.
Mr. COOPER. I will state that the general
hill reported by the Senator from South Carolina
does embrace this case; but there is no probability
that that bill will pass at this session, and it is no
reason, it seems to me, why this bill should not
I pass. I did not know that there was not a report
! until to-day. It arises, I presume, in the way I
mentioned. I made the report among a number
of others, without authority. I recalled it the
same day, and went back to the committee, and
at the next meeting obtained authority to make
the report. I then made it, and I supposed that
all were printed together. It seems it was not
printei). I hope that the Senator from Indiana
will not insist on postponing the action on the bill
until the report is printed.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not insist upon the report
in this case. 1 understand the honorable Senator
from South Carolina to state that the bill which he
has reported meets this class of cases.
Mr. EVANS. I have proposed, for the la^t
four or five weeks, to call up that bill, but have
not succeeded in doing so. 1 propose to call it
un to-morrow. I understand to-morrow is ob-
jection day, and this can come up in the character
of a private hill. 3 propose to call it up then.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 merely desire to state that
I am opposed to the payment of all these ancient
class of cases. 1 think all those which have any
merit in them have been provided for in yeais
that have passed; and, at this late period, those
thai are brought forward have, generally speak-
ing, little merit. I see no reason for singling out
this case and separating it from many others of a
similar character which are before the Senate. If
the general bill which has been reported by the
Senator from South Carolina can be passed into a
law, weil and good. 1 shall content myself with
voting against it. In this particular case I shall
only ask for the yeas and nays upon the engross-
ment of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BROWN. I think it exceedingly unfair
to adopt such a suggestion as that made by the
Senator from Indiana; that one man's claim shall
