1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1623
be postponed and not acted upon, simply because
a. general bill is pending, covering that and all other
cases. This petitioner comes here and asks to
have his case acted upon, and not to have it put
into a general bill among five hundred or a thou-
sand, or it may be ten thousand others. He has
had his case examined by itself; the committee
have reported m favor of it, and he is entitled to
have it acted upon by itself. If his claim is right,
he ought not to be required to run the hazard of
having a bill passed, not only covering his case,
but five hundred or a thousand others. I have
heard the appeal several tunes made against par-
ticular claims, because there was a general bill
covering all such cases. I do not think it fair
towards the claimant, and I feel it just towards
this person, whom I do not know, about whose
claim I know and care very little, to say that I
think it is a very unfair way to treat a claim which
comes before the Senate. If this man had chosen
to take his chance in a general bill, very well; but
having now presented his claim separately, and
had a favorable report upon it, and having his bill
here taking precedence of the general bill, I think
he is entitled to the special action of the Senate,
and to have his case stand on its own merits.
On the question ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading, the yeas and nays were taken
with the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. Badger, Bell, Benjamin, Brodhead,
Brown, Coopet, Dodge of Wi>eoi'.<-in. Evans-, Fessenden,
Fitzp.uncU, Geycr, o! Iowa, Malloiv, Pratt, Rock-
Wit, Sebastian, rHu.irt, Walkei, and Waller—19.
iVAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alien, Bayaid, Bright, Clay,
Dodge of Iowa, N"oitk, Petut, and Slide!!—9.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is not
a quorum voting.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 6, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. THURSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
gent of the House to introduce the following reso-
'"•.lonr
Resolved, That tlieie l>n ten thousand copies of Explana-
tions and Incident" in Tc.xas. New Mexico, California, &c.,
reinjected with the MVucan Boundary Oomtm^-ion, by
John 11 Bartbtt, late United States Commissioner, pub-
lulled for the ine of (lie blouse of Representatives.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is upon agreeing to the amendments to the civil
and diplomatic bill, reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union yesterday.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. ) suppose the
usual course will be pursued, which is to read the
amendments through, and if any gentleman de-
sires a separate vote upon any one, he will desig-
nate it.
The SPEAKER.. That has been the usual
course, and, if not objected to, the amendments
will be read; and if any gentleman desires a sep-
arate vote upon any one of them, he will rise m
his place and signify it. Those amendments not
objected to will be voted upon en masse.
The Clerk then read all the amendments through,
when separate votes were demanded on the fol-
lowing amendments by the members indicated
below:
On the twenty-second and twenty-fourth amend-
ments, by Mr. Letcher;
Oh the twenty-sixth amendment, by Mr. Pres-
ton;
On the twenty-ninth amendment, by Mr.
bridges ;
On the thirtieth amendment, by Mr. Letcher,
On the thirty first amendment, by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee;
On the thirty-third amendment, by Mr. Sew-
ard;
On the thirty-eighth amendment, by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee;
Oil the thirty-ninth amendment, by Mr. Jones,
of Tennessee;
On the forty-second amendment, by Mr. Sew-
ard;
On the forty-fifth amendment, by Mr. Jones, of
TettflbbSesd;
On the forty-sixth amendment by Mr. Bridges;
On the fifty-first amendment, by Mr. Ball.
Mr. BRIDGES. When the twenty-ninth amend-
ment was read, I asked for a separate vote on it.
i now desire to withdraw that request. It is the
amendment m reference to the assay office at New
York city.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw his call for a separate vote only by unani-
mous consent. Is there objection?
Mr. HAVEN. I am inclined to ask for a di-
vision of the question on the amendment, while
I am happy that thegentleman from Pennsylvania
has withdrawn his objection.
The SPEAKER. Being reported as one amend-
ment, it is not divisible.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 would suggest to the Chair,
that, under the terms of the rule, we can take away
from an amendment, provided we have an affirm-
ative substantive proposition.
The SPEAKER. The amendment is not divi-
sible. As the Chair understands, objection is
made, and a separate vote accordingly will be had
on the proposition.
The question was then taken on all the amend-
ments upon which separate votes were not asked;
and they were concurred in.
The twenty-second amendment, on which a
separate vote was demanded by Mr. Letcher,
was read by the Cierk, as follows:
For completing the custom-house at St. Louis, Missouri,
$100,000 ; l
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama, !
' $C5,000; (
I For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio, i
I £40 000;   I
I Foi completing the cu-stoni-hour-c at Louisville, Ken- j
j tueky, $40,001); !
! For completing the customhouse at Bangor, Maine, li
$20,000 ; !,
I For completing the custom house at Bath, Maine, '!
I $-20,000 ; [|
i For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, I)ela-
I ware, ;$l*2,uu0,
| And for puiohasing a < ne for a cusrom-hoii.se at Provi-
| dence, Rhode Island, $*21,000.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that amendment divisi-
ble?
The SPEAKER.. The previous question op-
erating, it is not divisible; for division is tanta- j
mount to amendment, which is expressly excluded j
by the previous question under the rule. I
Mr. McMULLlN. Then we are forced to !
vote on all these apps opriations for custom-houses
en masse, as a whole?
The SPEAKER. So the Chair decides. Sep-
arate votes cannot be had on each and every of the
items. Under the operation of the previous ques-
tion, the amendment must be voted on as a whole.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided m the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 70; as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Meseis. Abercrombie, flail, Bennett, Denton,
j Benton, ftugg, Caruthers, Catkin, Unandler, Claik, Cor-
i win, Cox, Uullom, Cuius rutting, Thomas Dhvih, f)e
! Witt, l)i''ic, Ihsney, Ka-fmait, Kdmands, Everhart, Failey,
, Fentmi, Fi'aglei, Florence. Fiankhn, Fullci, (iiddmgs,
! Aaron H.uUij, ilairi-on, Haven, Hill, Howe, Istdwrll, Ln-
■ lhatn, Luid.-ley. Mnce, Mailesou, Middlei-w<uih, John (i.
: Miller, Motrin, Noble, Mordecat Oliver, Parker, Phillips,
' Preston, Riddle, David Ritchie, Bogers, Iln^eli, Tallin,
■ S.i^'c, fc?app, Sh.mnon, Genu Smith, Willmm R. Smith,
1 Frederick P Stanton, Itiehuid 11. Stanton. Hector L. Sic-
| ven<-. John L. Taylor, Thur>ton, Tracy, Upham, Wade,
1 "WalbridsjH, Walley, Illhhu 13. Wa-hbuitie, Ifra-'l Wa^h-
■ burn, John Wenuvoith, Vates, itiul ZolhcoftVr—7*2.
; NAYS—Messi*. Jame* C. Ail"n, Willis Allen. A<hc,
i David J. Bailey, Barks-dale, Bell, Bridges, Urook?-, Carpen-
. tcr, Chamberlain, Chngman, Cobb, Colquitt, Oiatge, John
; G. Davtf*, bawton, Dent, Dowdell, Edmund^on, Kiltfon,
; Kn<ihsh, Faulkner, Goode, Gieenwood. Giow, Wiley P.
' Hams. flasiings, Hendricks, Hiiher, Houston, Johnson,
' Daniel T. Jone<, George W, Jones, Roland Jones, Kit-
trodge, Knox, Lamo, Letcher, Lilly. McCulloch, McMul-
ini, McQueen, Ma.wvell, Mill^on, Muriay. Nichols. N<>r-
I ton, ObN, Orr, Bishop Perkins, Powtil, Puryenr, Jt«*ady,
Reese. Thomas Ritelu-y, liutfni, Sew.ud. Seymom, Shaw,
■ Shower, Sainu"! A. Smith, William Smith, G<*oi e W. 1
! Sinjth. Stratiori, John J. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, ''
( 'i lout, Vail, Vansant, and Daniel B. Wright—70. *
j So the amendment wag concurrcd in. r
! Mr, PRESTON". T rise to a privileged ques- ij
1 tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which jj
; the amendment was adopted, t>nd to lay that mo- j*
I tion upon the table. M
Mr. LETCHER. Upon that motion I demand jj
| the yeas and nays.
Mr. PRESTON. Well, I withdraw the motion. <
Twenty-fourth amendment:
To complete the marine hospital at Evansville in the
State of Indiana, §2,000.
To complete the marine hospital at San Francisco; to in-
close the site and drain the same, and for riece<>saiy outbuild-
ings, $44,000 : Provided, That none of the moneys appro
pnated for any buildings mentioned m this act shall he used
or applied for the purposes mentioned, until a vali<Hhlfcto
the land for the sue of such building, m each case, shall be
vested xn the United Slates, and until the State in which
*uch building is to be completed shall, in due form, and in a
manner that shall bind such State, telease and surrender to
the United State? jurisdiction over the site ofsuchjjuilding,
and shall also duly release and relinquish to the United
States the rig!>t to tax, or in any way assess the said site,
or the property of the United States that may be thereon
dining the time the said United Siai#s shall be and remain
the owner thereof; and that none of the moneys appro-
priated for any building in this act, ov heretofore appro-
pnated for (he put poses* mentioned, fchaJl be used or applied
tor the purposes for which they are appropriated, unless
the mim shall be sufficient in each eat-e to complete the
building in such cases, and lully and entirely accomplish
the object for which the appropriation in this act is made ;
and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby prohibited from
using or applying any of the moneys aforesaid, in any one
case, until lie .«hall have made a contract, with such security
as he shall approve, for the completion of the entire build**
iim; and the work, in such case, at a sum not exceeding the
sum appiopriated and unexpended in such cases; and the
said Secictarv of the Treasury shall enter into no contract,
euher conditional or final, for the purposes mentioned in
this act, which shall involve in any one ca^e a *um beyond
the sums appropriated and remaining unexpended in such
cases; and in all eases where such unexpended appropria-
tion shall be insufficient to complete the entire work, in
such cases, or until the Secretary of the Treasury shal!
suspend ail action in inference thereto, and shall repoitto
Congress, on the first day of each session, ihe condition of
the work in such ca^es, and shall, at the same time, lay
before Congress such plans and estimates as, in his judg-
ment, shall be proper for the completion of the building
and work in such case>.
The question being on agreeing to the foregoing
amendment,
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio,asked fortheyeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll. Pending
the call,
Mr. ORR said: There is a misapprehension,
Mr. Speaker, with respect to the amendment
which the House is voting on. By mistake, the
two hospitals which the Clerk has reported, as ap-
propriations having been made for—those at Evans-
ville, in the State of Indiana, and San Francisco
—were not included in the original amendment
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston,] and they should not have been re-
potted as part of the amendment on which we
are now voting. They have come in in a subse-
quent amendment offered by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Taylor;] and, therefore,the question
before the House is, or should be, on the proviso
offered by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. HAVEN. So J understood it; and I had
my eye upon it carefully while we were in com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. In justice to the Clerks, the
Chair would like to inquire how the mistake grew
up ?
Mr. ORR. I think I can explain it.
The SPEAKER, (after consultation with the
Clerks.) The Clerks leport the amendment as one
which on its face is to be voted on in the form in
which it is now before the House.
Mr. ORR. The amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Preston] was a portion of
a printed amendment when he sent it up; it was
on the same page thatcontained the proviso, which
was at the top of the page, with the appropriation
for these two marine hospitals; but he marked
with his pencil just below the end of the two ap-
propriations for the hospital, the point at which
his intention was that the amount should com-
mence; and it was so regarded and treated in the
committee.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it not too late to raise a
question about the matter now, after having taken
half the vote ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that
the House, or any member, would not be unwill-
ing to have an accidental mistake corrected.
Mr. PRESTON. Do I understand the Chair
as deciding that it is too late now to correct any
misapprehension as to the character of the amend-
ment ?
The SPEAKER. TheChairdid not so decide.
The Chair, however, does decide that, if jnsiste.d
upon, the vote now being taken will have to be
concluded.
Mr LETCHER, f insist upon it AW may
