1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
For books voted to the members of the Tliirty-Third
Congress by the joint resolution of 24th February, 1854,
and the resolution of the House of the 26th June, 3854,
$199,510 87.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives to j
purchase from the publishers, Lippincott, Grambo & Co.,
two hundred copies each of the second and third volumes
of Schoolcraft's History, &c., of the Indian Tribes ot the
United States, to complete tiie new sets of the new mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, at $3 50 per volume,
$1,400: PtovuleJ, That the said volumes shall be of the
same style and quality as those heretofore furnished.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon the adoption
of that amendment I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to—ayes 84,
noes 39.
Forty-second amendment:
For the completion of the bridge at the Little Falls, in
the District o( Columbia, £75,000 : Provided, That no part
ofthis appiopriatioushall be expended except m fulfillment
of a contract which the gecietary of the Interior is hereby
required to make for the completion of the said biidee lor
the amount hereby appropriated; and it shall be, and is
hereby, declared to be the duty of the said Secretary to
require ot the contractor or contractors to give bond, with
ample security, to fulfill his contract.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 64, nays 87; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Ball,
Bell, Benson, Benton, Bocock, Bndyes, Bug", Ca^ku;,
Chandler, <'olqiutt, Corwm, Cr.uge, Cullom, (Jutting, De
Witt, Dick, Disney, Edmands, Edinundson, Everhart, Far-
ley, Faulkner, Florence, Goode, Aaion Harlan, Harrison,
Hill, Kuhvell, Latham, Lilly, McNaii, Mace, Maxwell,
May, Oir, John Perkins, Phillips, Powell, Preston, Reese,
Kiddle, Rogers, Russell, Seymour,Shannon, Shower, Ger-
nt Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Fiederick P.
Stanton, Richard H. Stanton, Hesior L. Stevens, David
Stuart, John L Taylor, IJpham, Vansant, Walbndge,
Walker, Walley, John Wentworth, and Yates—04.
NAY S—Messrs. James (J. Allen, David J. Bailej , Barks-
dale, Belcher, Bennett, Brooks, Caipenter, Caiuthers,
Chamberlain, Chtuchweli, Clark. Clingman, Cobb, Cox,
Curti-, John G. Davis, Thomas D'tvi-, Dawson, Dent,
[Dowdell, Fa-tunm, Eddy, Ellison, Englifh, Fetilon. Flag
Jer, Fuller, Giddings, Greenwood, Grow, Wiley P. Hams,
Hastings, Ilaven, Heudiicks, Hilljei, Houston, Howe,
jnger-oll, John-ou, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones,
Kitm-dgc. Knox, Lamb, Letcher, Luulley, Lindsley, Mc-
Culloeli, McMullin, McUoeen, Macy, Matteson, Mtddle-
swaith, John G. Miilei, Million, Moigan, Mortisou, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Nouon, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Bishop
Peikm-*. Phelps, Pratt, Puryear, Heady, David Ritchie,
Thoma^' Ritclun, Robbins, Kuffin, Sabin, Sapp, Seward,
Shaw, George W. Smyth, Stiatton, John J. Taylor, Na-
thaniel G. Taj lor, Thurston, Tracy, Trout, Yaii, W.dsh,
Elhhii I . Washbtune, Isiael Washburn, and Daniel B.
Wright—67.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Forty-fifth amendment:
For the mileage arid pet diem of William Carr Lane,
for contesting the seat ot Delegate Irom New Mexico,
tU.
Mr. SMITH, of Vuginia. I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas G5, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ashe, Ball,
Bennett, Benson, Benton, Carpenter, Caruthers, Chamber
lain, Chandler, Corvvin, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dawson,
])e VVui, Dick, Edmand-, Farley, Franklin, Greenwood,
Aaron Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Roland
Jones, Knox, Latham, Lindley, McMullin, Mace, Macy,
Matte-on, Middles warth, John G. Miller, Moigan, Norton,
Mordecai Ohvei. Patker, Pm-ion, Puryear, Ready, Reese,
David Richie, Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Gerrit Smith,
Richard 11. Stanton, Stratum, David Stuait, John L. Tay-
lor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Traev, fJphrtin, Van-
pant, Ellibu B. Wa-hbiuue, Israel Washburn, John Went-
worth, Yates, and Zollieoiier—fio.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Barksdale, Belcher, Budges, Brooks, Clingman, Cobb,
Colquitt, Craige, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dent, Disney,
Dowdell, Eastman, Eddy, Edmundson, Ellison, Faulkner,
Fenton, Flagler, Florence, Fuller, Goode, Grow, Wiley P.
Harris, Hastings, Uendncks, Hillyer, Houston, Tngersoll,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kntredge,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Lindsley, McQueen, Millson, Mor-
rison, Murray, Nichols, Noble, Olds, Orr, John Perkins,
IMnlhps, Powell, Pratt, Rohbins, Ruffin, Seward,Seymour,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Samuel A Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P.
Stanton, John J. Taylor, Trout, Vail, Walbndge, Walley,
Walsh, and Daniel B. Wright—79.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Forty-sixth amendment:
Foi continuing the aqueduct for bringing water into the
city of Washington, agreeably to the plan adopted by the
President of the United States, according to the provisions
of the act ot Congress, approved March 3, 1S53, $51)0,000:
Provided, That no portion of the foregoing amount shall
be applied, unless the corporations of Georgetown and
Washington shall appropnate and pay a sum equal to one
fifth of the amount required to construct the woik upon
the dam, aqueduct, leservons, and other works necessary
to bring the water to the city of Washington: Provided,
That none of the money heieby appropriated shall be ex-
pended in the conduction of said aqueduct until contracts
shall be entered into by the Pre-ident ot the United States,
with good and lesponsible persons, with good and suffi-
cient sureties, for such portions of the woik to beexecuted,
and materials to be turnishred, as will, in his opinion, secure
the faithful completion of the work upon the plan above
referred to, for the sum ot $y,3l)UjOUO, or less, and within
two years from the date of the contracts; and it la heieby
declared to be the true intent and meaning of the act of
Congiess under which the President adopted said plan for
bringing water into the city ot Washington, that the sole
and exclusive use of the water to be brought by said aque
duct is for the purposes of the Government establishments
in said city to the extent they may require it, and the cities
of Washington and Georgetown, and the inhabitants there-
of, may, upon such terms and conditions, and under such
regulations as may hereafter be presenbed by act of Con-
gress, use the surplus water: Pionded, That the whole
expense of the additional pipes necessary for the distri-
bution of such smplus water thiough the said cities, shall
be borne exclusively by the coiporations of said cities
lespectivtdy : <J3nd ptovulcd Juil/ia , That twenty pel cent,
on the estimate ot the wot k (.'one on each contract shall be
retained till the completion ot the contract.
Mr. BRIDGES. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 60, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Me^fers. Aberciombie, Appleton, Ashe, Ball,
Bell, Benson, Biooks Chamberlain, Chandler, Corwin,
Craige. Cullom, Curtis, Cutting, Dawson, I)e Witt, Dick,
Eddy, Edmands, Edmundson, Farley, Faulknei, Flaglei,
Flore.nce, Franklin, Goode, ilai nson, Hayings, Howe, Ro-
land Jones Kerr, Latham, Mace, May, Noble, Nouon,
Packer, John Pcikms, Preston, Reese, Riddle, David
Ritchie, Robbins, Rogers, Russell,Sabin, Shower, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Histoid.
Stevens, David Stuart, John J. Taj lor, John L. Taylor,
Uphani, Vansant, Walbndge, Walley, John Wemworth,
and Westbrook—60.
NAYS—Me-srs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Barksdale, Belcher, Bennett, B< nton, Bocock,
Bridges, Cai pent r, Carutheis, Ca-kie, Church well, Clai k,
Cobb, Colquitt, Thomas Davis, Dent, Du-ney, Dowdell,
Eastman, Ellison, English, Fenion, Fuller, Giddings,
Greenwood, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hendricks, Hill-
jer, Houston, Ingeisotl, Johnson, Darnel T. Jones, George
\V. Jones, Kidw ell, lvittredtre, Knox. Lamb, Letcher, Lilly,
Lindley, Ltnd-ley, McCulloch. McMullin, McNair, Mo-
Uueeri, Macy, Matteson, Middleswaith, John G. Millei,
Mill-on, Moigan, Morrison, Muriav, NichoN, Olds, Moi-
decai Ohvei, On, Parker, Bishop Perkiu-, Phelps, Powell,
Prait, Puiyear,Readj,Thmiia- RUehey, Rufiin, Sage,Sapp,
Seward, Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Genit Smith, George
W. Smjth, Fiedeiick P Stanton, Richard 11. Stanton,
Stratton, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thin-ton, Tracy, Ttout,
Vail, Wade, Walsh, Ellthu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, and Zolhcoftoi— 91.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. FLAGLER. 1 voted with the mnjouty
on the proposition allowing "William Cair Lane
mileage and per diem while he contested the seat
in this Hall of the Delegate from New Mexico;
and I now move a reconfiiderrtion of the vote by
which that amendment was defeated.
Mr. COBB i move to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table.
Mr. SAPP. I demand the yeas and nays on
the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question wa s taken; and tt was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 75, nays 71, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aiken, Appleton, David J. Bailey,
Belcher. Bocock, Bridges, Brook--, Caskie, Churchweli,
Clingman, Cobb. Cox, Craig*, Curing, John G Davis,
Dent, Dowdell, Eastman, Edmumhon, Elli-mi, English,
Faulkner, Floienco. Fuller. Goode, Giovv, Hasiing*, lien
dricks, Houston, Ingei-oll, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones,
George W. Jones Kidwell. Kittredize. Lamb, Letchei,
Lilly, Luxlslev. McMullin, M<-Nair, MfCiueen, Maxwell,
ATillson, Morn-ou, Muiray, Nichols. Noble, Olds, Oi r,
Packer, John Peikms, Phelps, Pnillips Powell, Pratt,
Thomas Kuchey, Robbins, Rntfin, Seward, Sevmour,
Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Samuel A. Smith, Wilharo
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, John J.Tay-
lor, Trout, Vail, Walbndge, Walker, Walsh, and Darnel
B. Wright—75.
]VAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, Ball, Bell,
Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bugg, Carpenter, Caruthers,
Chamberlain, Chandler, Clark, Corwm, Cullom, Thomas
Davis, Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Edmands, Farley,
Flaglei, Franklin, Giddings, Aaron Hailan, Harrison, Ha-
ven, Herm, Hill, IJowe, ICerr. Knox, Latham, Lindley,
McCulloch, Mac e, Matte.-on, Middle?warth. Morgan, Nor-
ton, Mordecai Oliver, Parker, Bishop Perkins, Preston,
Purjear, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogers, Rus-ell,
Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Gemt Smith, Fiederick P Stanton,
Richaid FL vStanton. IU>tor L. Stev(n.-, Stratton, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G Tavlor, Thurston, Tiacv. Upham,
Vaii-ant, Wade, Walley. Ellihu B. Wa-hbuine, Israel
Washbuin, John Wentwoitli, and Zolhcorfer—71.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Fifty-first amendment:
Insert the following proviso after the provision for the
payment of the Auxiliary Guard of Washington :
PjoriderfjThauhecaptam and members of the Auxiliary
Guard ^hall be appointed by the President of the United
States, and shall be subject to such rules and regulations as
may be prescribed by him.
Mr. BALL. 1 demand the yeas and nays, 9
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidecfain
the negative—yeas 64, nays 78; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Wilhs Allen, Barks-
dale, Belcher, Bell, Bocock, Bridges, Chambei lain, Churcb-
vvell, Claik, Clingman, Cobb,Craige, John G. Davis, Daw-
son, Dowdell, Eastman, Edmundson, English, Faulkner,
Florence, Fuller, Goode, Greenwood, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, He.im, Houston, In«ersoll, Johnson, Roland
Jones, Kntredge, Lamb, Latham, Luidsley, McMullin,
McNan, Mac>, May, Noble, Old.s, Or/, Packer, Phelps,
Pratt, Riddle. Thomas Ruchey, Robbins, Ruffin, Seward,
Seymour, Shannon, Shaw, Shower, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, HestorL. Stevens, David Stuart. John J.
Tayloi, Trout, Vansant, Walker, Walsh, and Daniel B.
Wright—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, RaB7
Bennett, Benson, Benton, Bugg, Carpeutei, Caruthers,
Chandler, Cot win, Cox, Cullom, Thomas Davis, Dent, De
Witi, Dick, Eddy, Edmands, Ellison, Everhart, Farley,
l-Ymori, Flagler, Fiankiin, Giddmtfs, Grow, Anion Hailan,
Harrison, Haven, Hill, How e, DamelT Jones, Kerr, Knox,
Letcher, Lindley, McCulloch, MrCiueen, Mace, Matte&on,
Middlesvvarth, John G. Millwr. Millson, Morgan, Murray,
Norton, Mordecai Oliver, Paiker, Phillips, Powell. Prestoiij
Pur>car, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Rogreis. Russell^
Sabin, Saye, Sapp, Cerrit Smith, Geoige W. dmjth, Fred-
enck P. Stanton, Riehaid H. Stanton, Stratton, John L.
Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Tram, Upham,
' Wade, Walley, Ellihu B. Washbume, Israel Washbttin,
John Wentworth, and Zolhcofloi—78.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union having
now been disposed of, the bill way ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was subsequently lead the thud tune.
, The question now being, " Shall the bit! pass
j Mr. HOUSTON moved the previous que&uon.
{ The previous question was seconded, and the
i main question ordered to be put.
| Mr. WALSH demanded the yeas and nays on
; the passage of the bili.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
: the negative—yeas 75, nays 82; as follows:
! YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Ap-
' pletou, Belcher, Bell, Benson, Utmon, Brooks, Bumir, Ca-
lUtlM'rs, Caskie. Chandler, Cox, Cutmm, Thomas Davis,
I Dawson, De Witt, Dick, Disney, Edmands, Edmundson,
Everhart, Farley, F.uiiknei, Florence, Fiankhn, Fuller,
; Guiding-, Good*:, Greenwood, Aaron Harlan, Ilatn^on,
j Haven. Henn, Houston. Howe, Ingersoll, Johnson.Roland
, Jones, Kerr, Kidwcll, Latham, Lindley, Lindsley, May,
, John G. Miller, Mill.-on, Packer, Phelp-., Phillips, Pratt,
! Pro-ton, Reese, Ruhiie, David Ritchie. Robbins, Sapp, Suy-
1 moui. Shannon, Shower. G-rut Smith, Samuel A Smith,
. George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard H,
Starnon, John L. Tujioi, Thurston, Wade, Walbndge,
Walkei Walley, John Wentworth, and Westbrook—75.
: NAYS—Me**r  James C. Allen, Ball, Barksdale, Ben-
] nett, Bocock, Bridges, Carpenter, Chambetiam, Church-
I well', Clark, Ohnaman, Cobb. C.-lquitt, Corwm, (Craige,
! Cullom, John G. Davis, Dent, Dowdell Ed>tman, Eddy,
: Ellison, Engli-h, F  nton. Flagler, Grow, Wiley P. Harris,
Hastings, IU ndri< k-, Hill, Hillyer, Dame I T J« nes. t-Jeoige
! W. Joiii'<, Kitired«fe, Knox, Lamb Letcher, Lilly, MeCul-
' loch. McMullin, McNair, Mctiueen, Mace. Macy, Matte-
i sou. Maxwell, Middleswarth, Morgan, Morrison, Murray,
I Nr hols, Noble, Norton, Olds °ir- Parker, Bishop P^ rkins,
i lohti Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Ready, Thomas Kitchey,
II Rogers, Ruflin. Ru-sell, Sage, Seward, Shaw, William
Smith, He-tor L Stfven-", Siratlou, David Stuart, John J.
Tavlor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,Trout, Vaii, Vansant, Walsh,
j Ellihu B Washbume, Daniel B. Wright, Yates, and Zolh-
1 colfer—62.
'! So the bill was rejected.
! Previous to the announcement of the above vote,
Mr. ORR said: i intended to vote " aye," but
; I vote " no," with a view to move a recoiifcider-
j ation, if the bill be rejected.
!; As soon as the result was announced,
i Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
I which the bill was rejected.
I' Mr. WALSH. I move to lay that motion upon
l ■ the table.
i, Mr. ORR. I am still on the floor; and move
that the House do now adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. Upon "that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. McNAIR demanded tellers; which were
ordered; and Messis. Mace and Ciiurchwei.l
were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 95, noes 9.
