1626
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
thereupon (at four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned till
to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, July 7, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
yhe Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXTENSION OF SLAVERY.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions against the extension of the institution of
slavery, and the further acquisition of foreign ter-
ritory by the General Government; in favor of the
right of trial by jury to all persons claimed under
the fugitive slave law; and approving the course
of the delegation from that State on the bill for the
establishment of territorial governments in Ne-
braska and Kansas; which were read, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
THOMAS W. DORR.
Mr. ALLEN presented resolutions of the Le-
gislature of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions, accompanied by a copy of the opinion of
the Supreme Court upon the act passed by the
Legislature of said State .fune 25, 1844, reversing
and annulling the judgment of the supreme court
of Rhode Island, of treason against Thomas W.
Dorr; which were read, and oidered to he on the
table.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the petition
of John Shaw, praying compensation for his
services as interpreter in the trial of certain Win-
nebago Indians charged with murder, at a special
term of the United States cncuit couitat Prairie
du Chien, in the Territory of Michigan, m 18528,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and passed to a second
reading. The report was ordered to be printed.
PATAPSCO RIVER.
Mr. PRATT. I am mstiucted by the select
committee, to whom were referred the memorial
of the Mayor and City Council of Baltimore, and
the petition of the Board of Trade of that city, ask-
ing an appropriation by Congress for the improve-
ment of the navigation of the Patapsco river, to
submit a report, accompanied by a bill for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Patapsco river,
and to render the port of Baltimore accessible to
the war steamers of the United States. I ask that
the bill may be read a first tune, and that the re-
port may he printed.
The hill was read, and passed to asccond read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. P R(>1)1 IE A D. As a member of ihe select
committee, I be£ to say that 1 have no objection
to the hill reported, but from some of the reason-
ing contained in the repoit accompanying it, I dis-
sent.
ST. JOHN'S RIVER, FLORIDA.
Mr. MALLORY submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
H'solrcd, Tlnil the Senetniy of War be roqueted to
rommupicato in th«' Senate what examinations or surveys
liave been rnadf w itii leterenre to Hit' mipiovrmeni of ihe
bar ot lit'? .f<>')!!' : river, floudii, untl.-r th > appropria-
tion math- !>v ('oiit,'r''-s foi tin.-, pinpox' on the 30ili of
Au<>u«-t, I ."%>). together with the rt'MjlN of said examinations
or Mir\ S anil whether any f mihei .lppiopnation he nece>-
sar\ to epi-ii the water on the sinl bat to meet the onti-
nary d' mands of navi<;atioa ; and what meant- it) e pioposecl
to accomplish tne -aine.
CANAL IN FLORIDA.
Mr. M ALLORY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolteil, That the Secretary of "War be requested to
communicate to the Senate the action <>l Ins Depaitment,
under tin; appiopriaiion of 30th of Aiiau-.?, IScVJ, tor the
examination and Mirvey of the mule foi a eanal actors the
pemn-iila of I-'loruM; and whether any further appropria-
tion he nectary to twoilain and determine a piauiicuble
route for said canal.
A. B. ROMAN,
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims, to whom
was referred the bill of the FTouse of Represent-
atives for thef rfilief of A. B. Roman, to ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to make a report
recommending the passage of the bill. The re-
port would have been made earlier, but it was im-
possible to do it for the last few days, because the
morning hour has been occupied by other busi-
ness. I also ask tor the immediate consideration
of the bill. It is aclaim made by A. B. Roman,
| asking for the confirmation of his title to bis plan-
tation which has been in the possession of his
predecessors since a period prior to the cession
of the Louisiana Territory to the United States.
The confirmation was neglected, under certain acts
of Congress, until they expired; and, in conse-
quence, some difficulty has arisen about it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill.
Jt proposes to confirm A. B. Roman, of the
parish of St. James, Louisiana, in all the title
now held or possessed by the United States to
two tracts of land therein described, containing
seven thousand four hundred and thirty-eighi acres
of land ; but the act is to be construed only to vest
in him title, held by the United States, and not in
any way to impair the bona jide rights, acquired
by any other person under adverse grants, con-
cessions, or purchases, made prior to the passage
of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time,and passed.
NEBRASKA AND WASHINGTON ROADS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, yesterday
several territorial bills were passed, but, by acci-
dent, one was omitted. It is a bill relating to
Washington and Nebraska Territories. I there-
fore ask the unanimous consent of the Senate
to report now, and have considered, a bill making
appropriations for the construction of certain
roads in the Territories of Nebraska and Wash-
ington. If it leads to debate I will consent to let
it go over.
The bill was read twice by unanimous consent,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to appropriate $85,000 for the construc-
tion of three toads, under the direction of the
Secretary of War.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oideied to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a thud time, and passed.
On motion by Mr. DOUGLAS, the title was
amended by inserting the word "military" be-
fore " roads."
ORDER OF "BUSINESS.
Mr. WADI3. 1 move to pass by the previous
j orders for the purpose of taking up Senate bill
| 359, granting bounty land to Khzabeth Summers,
j Mr. HUNTER. 1 desire to make the sugges-
] tion whether it would not be better, by general
I consent, to suspend fortius day so much of the
' rule as foibids debate on private bills. It seems
i to me it gives an unfair precedence to some bills.
! We had therefore better take up the Calendar in
i its older.
; Mi. WADE. Let the bill which I propose be
! consideied, then.
i Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to taking
| up that bill if the method which i propose be
l adopted.
! Mr. FESSENDEN". I must object to the prop-
: osition of the Senator from Virginia. If the
! method proposed by him were adopted, and the
■ Calendar pioceeded with regularly, bills that have
[ been debated live or six times befote would again
■ be debated, nnd, as the session is now near its
1 close, other bills possessing meiit, but lower down
; on the Calendar, would not lie acted upon at all.
Mr. PRATT. Let us take up the Calendar.
; Mr. HUNTER. Of cou rse, my suggestion
| can only be adopted by unanimous consent. I
; have watched the operation of this rule, and a
' great many bills pass which would not do so if
| we had time to examine and debate them, and
: sometimes others are opposed because there is no
i opportunity of hearing an explanation. 1 think
| it much fairer to allow debate on all the bills.
! Mr. CLAY, i suggest to the Senator from
Ohio that it appears to me that it would be much
more satisfactory, as well as more expeditious,
to take up the Calendar in its regular oider.
Mr. WADE. 1 will withdraw my motion.
Mr. CLAY. That is what 1 was going to pro-
pop.;.
ROBERT C THOMPSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first bill
upon the Private Calendar, in the order of busi-
ness, is that on which the Senate was engaged at
the adjournment yesterday—being the unfinished
business of yesterday—the bill ior the relief of
j Robert C. Thompson, only surviving child and
legal representative of William Thompson, de-
cea3ed, formerly a brigadier general in the Army
of the revolutionary war. The question at the
adjournment was upon ordering the bill to be en-
1 grossed for a third reading; and,on that question,
; the yeas and nays had been ordered, but were
j not taken for want of a quorum.
j The question being taken, resulted—yeas 22,
i nays 12; as follows:
i YEAS Messrs. Alien, Badger, Be!!. Benjamin, Brod-
' head, Dixon, Dorige of Wisconsin, Evans, Fessenden,
I Fitzpalrirk, Gillette, Hainlm, Johnson, Jones of Tennes-
see, MAllory, Pearce, Jfettit, Piatt, Rockwell, Stuart,
Wade, and Walker—22.
NAYS Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Brown, CJav,
Dodge of Iowa, Hunter, Norns, Rusk, Sebastian, Slidell,
and Williams—12.
The bill was read a third time and passed; and
the title was amended by striking out the words
" only surviving child."
FRANCISCO LOPE URRIZA.
The next bill on the Calendar was one for the
1 relief of Francisco Lope Urriza.
i Mr. BAYARD. I shall have to state my ob-
jections to that bill.
< The bill was consequently passed over.
BENEDICT J. HEARD.
1 The next bill on the Calendar was one—re-
' ported from the Committee on Claims—for the
relief of Benedict J. Heard.
Mr. BAYARD objected,and the bill was passed
; over.
i CAPTAIN PHILIP F. VOORHEES.
The next bill was one—reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs—for the relief of Captain
Philip F. Voorhees, United States Wavy.
Mr. SLIDELL objected to its consideration,
! and it was passed over.
i OTWAY H. BERRYMAN.
The next was a bill—reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs—for the relief of Otway
| H. Berry man.
I It proposes t.o direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to allow and pay Puiser
! Berryman $2,1G0 02, being the amount of losses
i sustained by him while commanding and acting as
1 purser of the United States schooner On-ka-hy-e.
! The bill was reported to the Senate without
i amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
! reading, read a third time, and passed.
RICHARD AV. MEADE.
I
The next bill was one—reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations—for settling the claim
of the legal representatives of Richard W. Meade,
deceased; which was objected to by Mr. Evans,
and passed over.
SUSAN CnODY AND OTHERS.
The next was the bid—reported from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs—for the relief of Susan
Coody and others.
Mr. CHASE objected to the consideration of
the bill, and it was passed over.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Does the role permit
moie than one objection to the same bill? This
bill was objected to two months ago. Does the
rule operate indefinitely as to it?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
supposes that on every Friday, when it is objection
day, the objection to a bill can be renewed.
Mr. CHASE said subsequently: Since object-
ing to the consideration of the bill I have read the
report, and am satisfied that it is a meritorious
case; I therefore withdraw my objection.
The Senate then proceeded to consider the bill
as in Committee of the Who)e.
It proposes to pay §1,992 62 to Susan Coody
and others, for property destroyed near Fort Gib-
son, by United States soldiers, on the le2th of
March, 1845, in the proportion and sums respect-
ively due them, according to the leport of the
Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate, of
June 21, 1850.
The reading of the report was called for by Mr.
Peap.ck, and it was read as has heretofore been
published.
