1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
and unconstitutional. I, for one, am not prepared
lightly to admit premises which lead to such a
conclusion.
Sir, 1 am opposed to making this change.
There is certainly one reason in favor of it, and
that is, that if other officers of the same charac-
ter are appointed by the President, it would be
more consistent that all should be appointed by
him. But in consideration of all the questions
involved in it, I am opposed to the change. If
any gentleman of more experience in the House
than myself, would bring in a bill to give all the
appointments of the various Departments to the
heads of those Departments, I would give it my
hearty vote and concurrence, and for the reason
that it would promote the unity of the Department
as connected with the responsibility of it. When
the President appoints a chief of one of these
Departments, I should be for permitting the Sec-
retary to assume the responsibility of appointing
such subordinates as would, in his opinion, per-
form the duties assigned theffi in the very best
manner. I would place the responsibility upon
him, and not throw it upon the President and the
Senate; and 1 would hold him responsible to the
country for the faithful discharge of the duties of
the offices which are placed under his supervision.
For these reasons I shall vote against the bill now
before the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. What is
the proposition now pending?
The SPEAKER. To refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Has the bill been read
in the House to day?
The SPEAKER. It has been read a first and sec-
ond time, and an amendment has been proposed.
Mr. WENTWORTH. It is of no use to at-
tempt to disguise the issue involved in thia bill.
I presume theie is not an individual in this House
who really doubts that it is aimed at the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury. I honestly believe it
is so aimed, and I am willing to vote accordingly.
I do not believe in carrying water on both shoul-
ders; and the sooner it is known in this House
who are really for the Administration, and who
are against it, the better. My course in Congress
heretofore will show, that when I have been op-
posed to an Administration I have dared avow it.
If I was opposed to Peter G. Washington being
the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, I would
say so, and vote against the amendment of the
gentleman from Tennessee. I shall vote for the
amendment, because I am in favor of Mr. Wash-
ington, and for no other reason whatever; and if
that amendment does not prevail, I shall vote
against the bill, as I believe it was got up by Sen-
ators to get Mr. Washington's name before that
body so as to refuse to confirm the appointment;
and I believe that, however we may think in this
House, the country will so understand it.
Now, about the reference of this subject to the
Committee on W^ays and Means. I do not see i
what use there is in sending it there, as we all I
know what disposition that committee will make j
of the matter. Three of the members of that 1
committee are opposed to the Administration, and
six of them are m its favor, or the Speaker made a
mistake in placing them there. [Laughter.] We
know, then, before that resolution goes to the
Committee on Ways and Means, how it will stand
there. Then why go through the formality of j
sending it there? Why not come boldly up, and
as the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Ewing]
said, meet the issue openly and frankly? Let it i
be known where we all are; whether we are inside
of the organization of the Democratic party or [
out of it. [Laughter.] I propose to be inside.
How is it with the balance of the House r
I have one or two other reasons why this reso-
lution should not be referred to the Committee on >
Ways and Means. That committee consists in >;
fact of six members only, because that number
constitutes the majority, and therefore, it is pre-
sumed, the power of the committee; and that com-
mittee is so constituted locally that its recommend-
ation will not have the influence that it ought to have.
Now, whereare these six members from, who are
in fact the power of this Government? We have
one from New Hampshire, one from Philadelphia,
and then we have the other four all in the same
region of country, one in Alabama, one in Ten-
nessee, one in Kentucky, and one in Missouri.
The Committee on Ways and Means, sir, have
more power than the PresidentoftheUnited States;
they set upon all his measures; they set upon
his salary, and upon everything he recommends
to the country. They originate all appropria-
tion bills which go to the Senate; and the Senate
can have nothing unless the Committee on Ways
and Means says so. They are the all-absorbing
and all-engrossing power of this nation. They
are far ahead in power and influence of all the
other committees of the House; and the humblest
position on that committee is more desirable than
the best on any other. I do not know how many
committees we have; but they are, when all com-
bined, as nothing in comparison. The chairmen
of a large proportion of them have as nominal
a title as a title in the militia. Many would pre-
fer a military title to that of chairman of any one
of the greater portion of the committees of this
House. Most of them never meet; indeed, they
have no room assigned them; and they are not
expected to meet; and I honestly believe that we
are fast approaching a time when we shall need
no other committee but that of Ways and Means.
The six gentlemen of that committee, constitut-
ing its majority, as I have said, are in fact the
whole Government of this country. When a
gentleman is placed upon it, he knows that he has
one of the highest positions in the Government,
so far as power is concerned; and I look upon the
position of chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means as the most honorable position under
the Government; and he has the right to look to
the next Baltimore Convention as the next com-
promise candidate for the Presidency. [Laughter.]
It is proposed, I repeat, to refer this subject to
the Committee oil Ways and Means; and 1 have
asked from whence come the six members who
constitute its majority ? The six free States of
the great Northwest have not a member on that
committee. It may be said that none of us are
qualified to be on that committee; but qualifica-
tion has nothing to do with the appointment of
its members, and it has not had for many years
past. [Laughter.] The question arises, have we
any friends of the Administration out of the
whole delegation of the six northwestern States?
There were any number of us admitted to the
caucus that nominated the Speaker. Is there not
one of them that can be trusted with the honor
and credit of this Administration ? I might go
further, and allude to other portions of the coun-
try disfranchised on that committee; butl leaveit
for every individual to take care of lus own sec-
tion of the country. Yet, I must say, that these
six gentlemen are not sufficiently scattered over
the country to do justice to all sections, and afford
strength to the Administration. No additional
weight will be given to this bill because of its refer-
ence to theCommitteeon Ways and Means, forthe
reasons I.have stated; and we might as well come to
the test at once; and the sooner the better, in my
judgment. As a friend of the Administration, ! am
prepared to vote for it, now or hereafter. If any
gentlemen here are opposed to the Administration
and dare not so record their votes, tliey are notfit to
be members of Congress. Let me tel'l gentlemen
how to strike the Administration, if they must
strike. They should do it openly and boldly, so
that the Administration would see as well as feel
the blow. Then, if they are afraid, they will take
the proper steps to conciliate. To strike m the
dark is malice, and the Administration, not know-
ing who struck, knows not whom to conciliate.
1 believe that every gentleman in this House is pre-
pared to vote on t e question of reproving or rep-
rimanding Secretary Guthrie for his appointment
of Mr. Washington, or on the question of remov-
ing Mr. Washington. I will move the previous
question, so as to bring the House to a diiect vote,
and give every one a chance to know who is for
and who against the Administration.
Mr. DISNEY. I request the gentleman will
withdraw that motion.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am willing to do so,
but gentlemen all round me insist upon our taking
the vote to-day.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. DISNEY. I had not intended, Mr.
Speaker, to have meddled with the debate which
has sprung up in regard to the resolution now
pending before this House; but that debate has
taken a course which seems to me to require some
remarks. They shall be but a few words, in rela-
tion to the position of the matter now presented
before us for our consideration. And here, once "
for all, and definitely, let me protest against the
suggestion of any action that may be taken with
reference to this resolution being interpreted either
as for or against the Administration. I proclaim
myself to be a friend of the existing Administration
of the Government of these United States. But,'
while I am such friend, no consideration growing
out of this friendship, or relations of that kind,
shall deter me or prevent me from the discharge
of any duty which I may believe devolves on me
as a representative of a free and independent
constituency.
Objections, sir, have been made, that there are
constitutional questions involved in the existing
appointment of the officer named in this resolu-
tion. Now, it is perfectly obvious that if these
objections are well taken, the suggestions in the
amendment proposed to the action of this body,
with reference to supposed difficulties to occur
hereafter, are out of place. If the Congress of the
United States have passed a law, which, in its
vital functions, is in conflict with the Constitution,
the remedy should be applied at once, and not be
left to any hereafter. If there be no constitutional
difficulty in the way, the whole matter is narrowed
down to the single question of expediency. If it
be merely, then, a question of expediency, let-us,
so treat it; but if it be a question of constitutional
difficulty, or of constitutional objection, there
should be no hereafter to the action of this House;
but we are imperatively called upon to apply the
remedy, as I have said, at once.
For myself, sir, I had supposed that the reading
of the Constitution would have satisfied gentlemen
in every quarter of the House. I confess, sir, I
was surprised, when 1 heard the gentleman from
Alabama, [Mr. Philips,] who last addressed the
House, take the ground and give the construction
which he did to this clause of the Constitution.
What was the object of the framers of that instru-
ment in adopting the language which we find there?
Is it not upon the face of the instrument, that in
order to guard the public interests of the country,
in order to secure a faithful, a full, and prompt ex-
ecution of the various duties which might devolve,
by the Legislature of the country, upon the various
officers to he appointed, that the men should be
selected with care—with exceeding care ? The pub-
lic interest demanded that sort of care, and the
framers of your Constitution undertook to provide
for it. They provided that in the appointment of
all public officers to discharge the multifarious and
important duties which might be imposed upon
them by the Congress of the Union, men should
be selected by the exercise of the discretion of the
President, subject afterwards to the supervision of
the Senate. It was a double supervision they re-
quired, in order to secure the proper and the right
persons. Such is the substantial meaning of that
clause of the Constitution. How does it read, sir ?
It says:
"He shall have power, by and witii the advice and eon-
! sent of tilt; Senate, to make treaties, provided two thirds' of
j liie Senator-, presem eorieur ; and he shall nominate, and,
1 by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, shall ap-
I point embassadors, other public ministers and eomuls,
Judges of the Supreme Court, and all other officers ot the
Flitted States whose appointments are not herein other-
wise provided for, and which shall be established by law."
The clause is punctuated in the book before me
with exceeding care; and we are bound to take it
for authority as we find it. It does not even leave
to Congress itself to provide for the appointment
of these officers; but says that the President shall
make all these appointments, except in cases
where the Constitution itself has otherwise or-
dered. .
Having established this as the rule, having laid
down this as the practice, having in view the gen-
eral subject of which I have spoken, upon further
reflection, foreseeing that this might be construed
to extend,in the languageof the Constitution, to
all inferior officers of the country, and throw
great labor upon the Senate without any corre-
sponding benefit, they added an additional pro-
vison, by way of exception, as follows:
" But the Congress may by law vest the appointment of
such inferior officer as they think proper m the President
alone, in the courts ot law, or m the heads of Depart-
merits." .
As to the objection which the gentleman from
Alabama has intimated, that question suggests
itself: What is an inferior officer? It is a ques-
tion which presents itself to the judgment and dis-
cretion of every man when the particular case
