60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 15,
arises. It is one of those kind of things about
which it is impossible to lay down a general rule;
and yet, though like the line which divides instinct
from reason, it is hard to tell where the one ends and
the other begins; but yet there are cases where we
can say this is instinct and this is reason. Each
case must be decided by itself.
So it is in regard to the question of " inferior,"
a_s described and alluded to in that passage of the
Constitution. Can he be said to be an inferior
officer who exercises a large discretion in the ad-
ministration of the Government? He an inferior
officer, who, like the Assistant Secretary of the
Treasury, is invested with the power coordi-
nate with the Secretary himself—who is daily
and hourly called upon to exercise the highest
attributes of the Government of the United States?
An officer of that kind cannot be confounded
with the thousand others of an inferior grade
w.ho hang around the Departments. He is not to
be confounded with a messenger, a clerk, or other
officers, who are not vested with any power of
discretion, who are mere ministerial agents, and
can but execute the orders of others.
1 ask if the Assistant Secretary of the Treas-
ury, who is vested with high discretionary power,
is to be confounded with the petty officers of whom
I have spoken ? Can any other construction be
given by an unbiased judgment to that section of
the Constitution which i have read than the one
1 have presented ?
Mr. HIBBARD. I call upon the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Disney] for information. I wish
to ask the gentleman whether the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury can do any act for which he
is not subject to the entire and complete direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. DISNEY. The question is easily an-
swered. I do it by asking another. Can the
Secretary of the Treasury himself be a party to
hardly any act for which he is not subject to the
order and control of the President?
Mr. HIBBARD. I say he can.
Mr. DISNEY. The officers of the Govern-
ment are all inferior to the Executive; and, ac-
cording to the argument which we have heard,
they are all inferior officers, within the meaning
of the Constitution; and thus every officer in the
Republic—the President, and the officers specially
enumerated in the Constitution alone excepted—
are all inferior officers, and their appointment
does not require the advice and consent of the
Senate. In my judgment, the true construction
of the Constitution is perfectly plain. The con-
stitutional rule is to require the advice and con-
sent of the Senate in the appointment of all the
officers of the United States. The exception is
in regard to those inferior officers who are incon-
siderable in point of importance. The Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury is not one of these.
He does not come under the exception, but under
the rule. As I said when I arose, I had intended
not to mingle in tins debate; but the singular con-
struction given to our organic law has impelled
me to these remarks.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not intend
to detain the House but u minute or two in rela-
tion to the amendment. 1 suggest that we make
this appointment subject lo the decision of the
Senate in all cases hereafter, simply for the reason
that the existing officer was appointed under the
law as it stood upon the statute-book at the time
of his appointment. His appointment was perfect
and complete; and I do not think that justice re-
quires, or even permits, us to subject that officer,
whose appoirilment was pet feet and complete, to
another and additional appointment, in my opin-
ion, the States would have no more right
to prescribe a new mode of election for any
member upon this floor, and recall him home to
try the result of another eleciion for a seat here,
than we would have to change and alter the ap-
pointment of this officer, as it now exists under
the law. That is the only reason why I am in
(aver of the amendment.
I believe myself the construction of the bill as
it comes from the Senate would not justify the
sending of the name or the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury to the Senate for confirmation; but
as there seems to be a doubt about the matter, it
is better to have it settled, and let us say whether
it shall be a prospective or retrospective action
If the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Alabama shall be adopted, there can be no mis-
take about its operation. It will then operate
upon all appointments hereafter to be made.
Gentlemen who have been here for some time,
and particularly my friend from Virginia, [Mr.
Bayly,] seem to have forgotten when and how
this office was created. The law creating the
Home or Interior Department, was passed by a
Whig House, if not a Whig Congress, upon the
last night of the session which closed on the 3d of
March, 1849. "When the act came m here, it had
not been printed, and I do not believe it had even
been read by a member of the House, unless, per-
haps, by those constituting the committee who
reported it. 1 say it was brought here, and with-
out being referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union—without being dis-
cussed—it was passed on the last night of the
last session (I think it was) of the Thirtieth Con-
gress.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, Will the gentleman
from Tennessee allow me to correct his state-
ment ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman says I seem to
have forgotten the circumstances under which this
law was passed. Sir, 1 have not forgotten them.
On that occasion, as on most occasions, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee and myself acted together.
I opposed the law; and being opposed to its en-
actment, but knowing that a majority of the House
were m its favor, 1 wished to leave it as weak as
it could be left.
Butif the gentleman will refer to the legislation of
subsequent Congresses—if he will refer to the legis-
lation of the last Congress, when he himself
possessed, as he deserves to possess, a large in-
fluence on the Committee on Ways and Means—
in relation to the offices of Assistant Postmasters
General, new Registers, and Receivers, Surveyor
General for California, Assistant Secretary of
State, and the additional Appraisers General, he
will find that in every one of these instances the
unconstitutional feature, against which I have
aigued,in the law of 1849, to which he has referred,
was corrected, except in the case of the Assistant
Secretary of State, where the omission was not
corrected, because it was not made, the law crea-
ting that officer having undergone the careful
supervision of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
of which I was at that time the chairman. But
such has been the uniform action of Congress, in
reference to the Assistant Postmasters General,
the new Registers and Receivers, the Surveyor
General for California, and the additional Ap-
praiser General.
Mr. WALSH, (interrupting.) I rise to a point
of order. As there has been a good deal of out-
side talk—which I do not pretend to indorse—
about the prescriptive right of Virginians to hold
office, I wish to know whether they are to enjoy
a monopoly of the speaking in this House? I
would like to know how often one gentleman may
be permitted to speak upon the same question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the floor, but
yielded to the gentleman from Virginia for the
purno.se of explanation.
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) I do not desire to
interrupt my friend from Tennessee, and 1 will
do so only for a moment. I mean, however, to
say, that during the last Congress, in which my
friend from Tennessee was so deservedly an in-
fluential member, the action of the Senate was
provided for in the appointments to the offices of
Assistant Postmaster General, new registers and
receivers, surveyor general for California, Assist-
ant Secretary of'State, and the additional appraiser
general.
Mr. JONES, I am in favor of having this
officer pass the ordeal of the Senate; but I shall
vote to make the law prospective, and not retro-
spective. I have no reference to Mr. Washing-
ton whatever. It is not necessary upon this oc-
casion for me to say what would have been my
course, if I had been consulted, or had had anything
to do with his appointment; but I say that justice
requires that when laws are passed—yes, sir, in
all cases—their effect should be prospective, and
not retrospective; and it is for this reason, and
this only, that upon the present occasion I shall
vote to make this Jaw prospective only in its
efiect. My course would be the same, no matter
who was in the office; no matter whether he were
my political friend or opponent; whether my per-
sonal friend or adversary, I should vote in the
same manner.
Sir, reference was made here by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wentworth,] particularly to
the Committee on Ways and Means, and to'the
power which he thinks that committee can exer-
cise. It is, sir, a position, as none know better
than yourself, which the individual who now ad-
dresses you never desired. But I think the gen-
tleman has wholly misconceived the pov/ers "and
duties of that committee, if that committee
should grasp all the power of this House, per-
haps they may bring their recommendations hete*
but gentlemen should remember that although
they may do this, something more is neces-
sary to their being passed. If that committee
will confine itself to its legitimate and pre-
scribed duties, the members of it, as such, will
be the mere drudges of this House. What are
these duties? To originate measures for the ac-
tion of this House? By no means, in my opin-
ion. The great duties assigned to that committee,
and which they should perform with care and at-
tention, are to take the estimates for appropria-
tions which you send to them from the Depart-
ments; to look to the existing laws of the coun-
try; to mark the provisions of existing treaties;
to see what are the liabilities of the Government;
to ascertain whether the estimates submitted and
recommended are required or necessary to meet,
and comply with, existing laws and obligations;
and to report the facts to the House. It is not
the business of that committee, m my opinion,
to originate the great measures-—the plundering
schemes that are brought into this House—but to
confine themselves strictly to the duties prescribed
in your rules: that of reporting the appropriations
necessary to meet existing liabilities. If they will
do that, they will have sufficient labor to perform.
The gentleman from Illinois said that that com-
mittee was eating up all the other committees of
this House. So far as my experience goes, I am
inclined to think the reverse is the fact. It is the
other committees of this House that are breaking
down the appropriation bills, by failingin the early
part of the session to digest and prepare and re-
port their measures on the days appropriately be-
longing to them, and bringing them here that we
may have time to deliberate upon and discuss them,
and pass or reject them, as the House may think
proper, and not wait till the very close of the
session to be passed in an appropriation bill.
If these things were considered early, and not
crowded upon us at the very last moment, by
way of amendments to those bills which are ne-
cessary to be passed to meet the exigencies of the
public service, we should see a very different state
of things here; and these appropriation bills would
not be made to bear all the* odium of all the legis-
lation of Congress.
The business of the Committee on Ways ami
Means is to recommend appropriations—not for
new measures, hut to carry cn those already in
existence—to defray the expenses for which the
Government is liable. Take for instance the rec-
ommendation to increase the Navv—-and there
is a recommendation of that kind now before the
House to increase it to a considerable extent by
means of steam propellers—I think that properly
belongs to the Committee on Naval Affairs; and
if they think there should be an increase, they
should report a bill to that effect, and let Congress
act upon it. When that has been done, when
they snail have reported, and when Congress
shall have determined what the amount of the in-
crease of the Navy shall be, then it will be for the
Department to estimate, and then for the Commit-
tee on Ways and Means, in the legitimate dis-
charge of their duty, to report what appropriation
is needed to carry out the law passed to increase
the Navy. And so with regard to the increase of
ti\rmy*, ;Congress determine whether they
will have this increase—these augmented expend-
itures of the Government.
Mr. MACDONALD. I rise to a question of
I OKiei. J desire to know whether it is legitimate
! to discuss the whole matter of legislation on a
j mere question of reference?
, The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
■ of order. 1
i Mi. JONES. I know it is not strictly in arderj
' but as the Committee on Ways and Means was
| referred to, I merely wished to state what I think
the duties of that committee are.
