16*28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July ?,
an application to the Patent Office for an exten-
sion of it, under the law, for seven years more;
but not being aware of the rule of the Department
which required sixty days' notice, although he
made the application before the expiration of the
patent, he did not make it in season to give the
sixty days' notice, and was therefore deprived of
the righi which he would have had under the law.
The report of the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office is unanimously in favor of the hill.
It is a very strong case, and one about which the
committee have no doubt at all.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
ordering the bill to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, resulted—yeas 20, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Brodhead, Cass, Oha^e, Dodge of Wis-
consin, Evan?, l^cssendenjGpyer,Gillette, Hamlin, Jones
of Iowa, Mallory, Pcarco, PeUit, Pratt, Roi-kwcll, Stuart,
Sumner, Wade, Walker, and Weller—2U
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Bright, Rutler, Clay,
Dodge of Iowa, Dougla*, FuzpatricU, IJuutei, Jonua ot
Toimes-aeo, Norns, Ru^k, SluMl, and Williams—J4.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was then read a third time, and
passed.
ISAAC L. BATTLE.
The bill—reported from the Committee on the
Post Oifice and Post Roads—for the relief of the
estate of Isaac L. Battle was read a sce.ond time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
ft proposes to release the estate of Isaac. L. Bat-
tle, deceased, late of the county of Jackson, Flor-
ida, fi om any liability under a judgment heretofore
obtained by the Post Qffic.e Department against
him as guarantor on behalf of Charles Matthews
and William King, late of that county and State,
as bidders for a contract to curry the United States
mail, thiee times a week each way, between Dain-
bndge, Georgia, and Perisacola, m the State (then
Temtoiy) of Florida, in the year 3842.
It, was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read a thiid time, and passed.
CARRYING THE I\f A ITS.
Mr. RUSK. There is a jointresolution which
has been passer! over by the Chair, which itseem^
to me is cleariy a private one, though from its title
it would not seem to be so. I refer Jo the joint
resolution from the House of Representatives
" explanatory of the second section of a resolu-
tion to establish certain post routes, approved
July 15, 1852." Its object is to pay for the tians-
poriation of the mails over a certain route. The
original resolution was intended to authorize the
payment, hut the PostmasterGleneral decided that
it did not for a particular time, and this resolution
is to overcome that difficulty. It is clearly a
private bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. oes it iplate
to particular continctors on a pnilicular route11
Mr. RUSK It does.
The PftESI D1NG OFFICER. The only dif-
ference then is, that the names are not men-
tioned.
Mr. RUSK. That is all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Then that res-
olution is now before the Senate, as m Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to construe the second section of the
joint resolution mentioned so aw to authorj/.e the
Postmaster General to pay a reasonable conipen
ration to the persons carrying the mail ftom Valo-
nta Spnngs, by the way of Nineveh and Coven-
try, to Oxford, and from Oxfoid, by the way of
Coventry ville, to South Rambiidge, in the State
of New York, fiom the time the mad was directed
to be carried on those routes up to the time the
first contracts went into operation thereon, exclu-
sive of what has been paid under the resolution,
and at the same rate.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a thud time, and passed.
URI EMMONS'S PATENT.
The bill — reported from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office—for the relief of the
heirs of the late Uri Emmons, was rpad a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to revive and extend to December
27, 1851), the letters patent granted for the term
of fourteen years, to the late (Jn Emmons, a citi-
zen of the United States, dated Apnl25, 1829, for
a new and useful improvement in the mode of
planing floor plank, and grooving, tonguing, and
straightening the same, planing boards, straight-
ening and planing square timber, &c., by machin- <
ery, at one operation, called the cylindrical plan- I
mg machine, and which patent expired on the j
95th of April, 1843, or such portion thereof as
may be designated in a new specification by the
executor of Uii Emmons; but any persons now
engaged in the manufacture of this invention are
to be allowed, freely and without charge, to con-
tinue to manufacture and vend the same to any
persons who may be legally authorized to use the
same under this extension.
Mr. NORRiS objected to the consideration of
the bill, but subsequently said: At the request of
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,] who re-
ported the bill for the relief of the heirs of the late
Uri Emmons, I withdraw my objection to its con-
sideration. All 1 ask of the Senate is to give me
the yeas and nays upon it. 1 think it involves an
important principle.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALKER. From the reading of this bill
I understand that this patent expired in 1843.
That was eleven years ago; and it is now pro-
posed to renew it, although it has lapsed for that
length of time. I wish simply to get an under-
standing of whether I am correct or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That portion
of the bill will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows: |
"And which said patent expired on the 20th day of April,
A. 1)., Ifc-U."
Mr. EVANS. I beg leave to say that 1 shall
vote in favor of this bill, because the effect of ex-
tending this patent will be to bring it into com-
petition with Woodworth's patent, and the bill is
so framed that both are to expire at the same time.
Therefore, instead of granting a monopoly, this
is creating a competition with a monopoly which
now exists.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; and upon the question of ordering it
to be engrossed for a third reading, the yeas and
nays weie taken, with the following result:
YIOAS—Messrs. Bright, Rrodhead, Cha^i, Ooopei, Ev-
ans, Kcsscmlcn, (Iillettc, Hamlin, Joms ol Iowa, Mallory,
JVarco, Peitu, I'ratt, Rockwall, Stu.ut, Sumner, Wade,
and Walkci—1*.
NAVS-Mc^is Adams, Allen, Radnor, Bayard, Butlci,
Clay, DongUs, Ktt/.[mmi k, Gryrr, Noun, Ru.-k, Slidell,
To(u-e>, Weliei,atul Williams—1.">.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
tinrd reading, and it was lead a third time, and
passed.
ROBERT WHITE AND OTHERS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
; pioceeded to consider the bill to authorize the
payment of invalid pensions in certain cases.
; It requhes the Seuetary of the Inteuor to pay
to vai ious invalid pensioners, officers of the Army
; of the Revolution, named m the bsll, or if dead, to
; the'i' widows, and if the widows be dead, to the
childien, the amount of their several invalid pen-
sions, which was deducted or withheld from the
; officers under the provisions of the act entitled
i " An act for the relief of certain surviving officers
| and soldieis of the Revolution," approved May
! 15, 18*28. The persons named and the amounts
; aie as follows: To Lieutenant Robert White, the
amountof his invalid pension from Maich 3,182(3,
■ to February !), 1831; to Captain John Crute the
I amount of Ins invalid pension from March 3,
| 18;-i6, to May 31, 1830; to surgeon's mate, Mor-
decai Hale, from Match 3, 1826, to December
9, 1832; to Lieutenant William Wallace, from
1 March 3, 1826, to December 31, 1836; to Lieu-
| tenant Phdip Stuart, from March 3, 1826, to Au-
! gust 14, 1830: to General William Barton, from
March 3, 1826, to October 122, 1831; to Ensign
; Clement Sewell, from March 3, 1826, to January
, 7, 1826; to Lieutenant James Glentworth, from
' March 3, 182G, to May 31, 1830.
| Mr. BRIGHT. Is there a report in that case ?
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, sir. The bill has
' passed the Senate two or three times, and I think
1 the Senator from Indiana himself voted for it.
; The Secretary read the report; from which it
appears, that by the first section of the act of
May 15, 1828, each surviving officer of the Con-
: tinental line ot the Army of the Revolution was to
, receive a pension, " to begin on the 3d day of
i March, 1826, and to continue during his natural
life." The second section provides," that when-
ever any of said officers has received moaiey of
the United States, as a pensioner, since the 3d
day of March, 1826,aforesaid, the sum so received
shall be deducted from what said officer would
otherwise be entitled to under the first section of
this act; and ever^ pension to which said officer
is now entitled shall cease after the passage of this
act."
Previous to the passage of the act of May 15,
1828, several officers of the Continental line had,
m consequence of the wounds they had received
in battle, been placed on the pension roll as invalid
pensioners; and having availed themselves of the
provisions of that act, their pensions, as invalids,
were deducted or withheld from the 3d day of
March, 1826.
On the 31st of May, 1833, an act was passed
to amend that of the 15th of May, 1828, which
provides that the latter " shall not be construed to
embrace invalid pensions, and that the pension of
invalid soldiers shall not be deducted from the
amount receivable by them under the said act."
Since the passage of the amendatory act of
May 31, 1831, petitions have been presented to
Congress from widows and heirs of officers whose
invalid pensions had been deducted and withheld
under the operation of the act of the 15th of May,
1828, praying for the payment to them of the
amount so deducted or withheld; and on the 15th
of June, 1836, two acts were approved giving the
relief asked; one for the relief of the widow of
Samuel Gibbs, and one for the relief of the heirs
of Richard Anderson. Another similar act, for
the relief of the heirs of Moses White, was ap-
proved July 26,1848, and another on the 8th of
January, '1849, for the relief of the heirs of Wil-
liam Evans.
From the legislation in the cases alluded to, it
would appear that the Commissioner of Pensions
did not place the construction upon the act of
May 31, 1831, that was intended, or that theterms
of the act were so carelessly drawn that they war-
ranted a construction not intended, and the effects
of which it required subsequent legislation to cor-
rect. If it were intended by that act that the
sums which had been deducted and withheld from
invalid pensioners, in consequence of their receiv-
ing the benefit of the act of May 15, 1828, should
be restored to them by the Commissioner of Pen-
sions, the act was not, perhaps, sufficiently plain
and explicit, for he has construed the act to have
simply a prospective operation; and hence the
subsequent legislation in the individual cases
above mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. MASON. I suggest that the title of the
bill should be amended so as to conform to its real
ptovisions. It should read, il a bill to pay invalid
pensions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert White
and others.
The amendment was agreed to, and the title, as
amended, was adopted.
WIUJAM DARBY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill for the relief
of William Darby.
It proposes to pay him $1,500 in full compensa-
tion for his labor and materials furnished in sur-
veying and making a map of the Teintory of
Louisiana, in the years 1812 and 1813.
Mr. Darby was the first to furnish an accurate
map of that portion of the territory of the United
States lying west of the Mississippi, and border-
ing on the line between the United States and
Spain, as fixed by the treaty ceding Louisiana to
the United States. The materials for a map thus
procured by Mr. Darby were those used by
Melish, in his map published in 1816; but Darby
was never remunerated for hisservices by Melish.
Darby's contributions to our then scanty stock of
knowledge, as to the geography of the country
referred to, were of great value to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and the Government
has availed itself of his unpaid labors.
Mr. STUART objected to its consideration,
but subsequently withdrew the objection, when it
was renewed by Mr. Hunter.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently said: I will not
delay the vote upon the Darby case by my single
objection. 1 will content myself with voting
