1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
against it, but the Senate may decide as a major-
ity see fit.
Noamendment being proposed, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered j
to be engrossed for a third reading, read a third :
time, and passed.
SEYMORE AND BOYNTON.
The bill reported from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, for the relief of Calvin B. Seymore
and Willard Boynton, surviving partner of the
firm of W. & H. Boynton, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the
Treasury to take proof of the amount and value
of goods, wares, and merchandise, destroyed by
the Creek Indians, May 15, 1836, in the town of
Roanoke, Georgia, stored in the warehouse of
Henry Jernighan, and belonging to the firm of
Stafford, Seymore & Co., and W. & H. Boynton,
and cause their value to be paid to Calvm Seymore
and W. & H. Boynton, according to their re-
spective interests. It appropriates §0,180 23 for
payment of the amount.
On the 15th of May, 1836, Calvin B. Seymore
and his partners had merchandise of the value of
$5,980 stored in the warehouse of Henry W. Jer-
nighan & Co., in the town of Roanoke, Stewart
county, Georgia. The warehouse was taken pos-
session of and occupied by certain troops in the
service of the United States, and whilst in pos-
session of the troops, they were attacked and
defeated by the hostile Creek Indians, the ware-
house burnt, and the goods taken or destroyed by
the Indians. William Boynton, surviving co-
partner of \V. & II. Boynton, also, together with
his partner, had goods, wares, and merchandise,
of the value of $3,201 23, stowed in the same
warehouse, which at the same time were taken or
destroyed by the Creek Indians.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that a verbal amendment is necessary
in the title. It appears from the reading of the
report, that Calvin B. Seymore is the person who
is entitled, and also that William Boynton is enti- i
tied as surviving partner of the firm of W. &
H. Boynton. The title should therefore be amend-j
ed by inserting the words "and of," immediately '
before " William H. Boynton." j
The amendment was agreed to, and the title, as
amended, was agreed to.
WILLIAM VAN WART.
The bill reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions, for the relief of the heirs-at-law of William
Van Wart, deceased, was read a second time, and
considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to pay to parties mentioned in the title a sum
equal to forty dollars per annum, from March 4,
1831, to the date of the death of Van Wart.
William Van Wart, deceased, enlisted and
served during the entire war of the Revolution.
Among other important services rendered by him
was the giving such information to Paulding, Wil-
liams, arid Isaac Van Wart, his brother, as led to
the arrest of Major Andre by them. He was for
twelve months imprisoned in loathsome British
prison ships, and upon his release again joined the
army, and at the close of the war was honorably
discharged. In 1834, he made application to the
pioper Department for a pension, claiming a ser-
vice sufficient to entitle him to ninety-six dollars
per annum. Owing to some deficiency in the
proofs presented with the application, the Com-
missioner of Pensions decided that he was entitled
to but thirty dollars per annum, and accordingly
placed his name on the pension roll at that rate,
to date from the 3d of March, 1831. For some
reason, not fully explained, he never received the
bounty land to which he was entitled. The prayer
of the petitioners, his heirs-at-law, now is. that a
special act of Congress may be passed, giving to
them the difference between thirty dollars per an-
num, the amount received by the deceased, and
nmety-six dollars per annum, thp amount to which
they claim he was entitled: also, that they may
be granted the bounty land to which he was enti-
tled, and for which they allege he applied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JOSEPH NOCK.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Nock was an-
nounced as the next in order.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Joseph Nock $7,473 74; and to di-
iect the Commissioner of Patents to renew and
extend for fourteen years from the date of the
passage of the bill, the patent obtained by Nock,
and dated July 16, 1839, for a padlock, known as
" Nock's lock."
Mr. WALKER. That seems to be a kind of
combined case. I have never heard of it before.
I prefer that it should lie over, for 1 wish to turn
my attention to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If there be any objection
to the second section, the proposition for the ex-
tension of the patent, it can be stricken out by
unanimous consent. This poor man ought to
have his money. The committee at the last ses-
sion reported m favor of allowing him $20,000.
We now report only for a little over $7,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does theSen-
ator from Wisconsin withdrasv his objection?
Mr. WALKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Then I move to strike
out the second section, which is the only onfe ob-
jected to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to say that it was
my understanding, as one of the members uf the
committee who reported this bill, that we were
not to report on the question of extending the
patent, but to refer that question to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, as it was
a matter with which we had nothing to do.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will not trespass on the rule of
the Senate, but I will state the fact in this case.
Mr. Nock made a contract with the Post Office
Department in reference to a lock which he in-
vented; the Department took an assignment of
his patent and kept it from him, and did not le-
assign it. That is the reason why the second
section of the bill is necessary.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope the bill will go over.
It is leading to debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
passed over.
HENRY KING.
The bill—reported from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims—for the relief of the represent-
ative of Henry Kins:, deceased, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay $1,817 30 to the legal representative
for the services of King in the third Maryland
regiment, and in the commissary department,
during the revolutionary war.
No amendment being proposed, thp bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
NANCY BOWEN AND SARAH URAJBEE.
The bill—reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions—for the relief of Nancy Bowen and Sarah
Larabee, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Nancy Bowen, formerly
the widow of Robert Brice, upon the roll of pen-
sioners, and pay her ninety-six dollars per an-
num, from July 4, 1850, during her natural life;
and also to place the name of Sarah Larabee,
formerly widow of Barstow Newell, upon the
pension rolls, and pay her ninety-six dollars per
annum, commencing March 1, 1854, and contin-
uing: during her natural fife.
Nancy Bowen's first husband, Robert Brice,
was a seaman on board of the frigate Constitu-
tion, and was killed m theaction with the English
frigate Guerriere. As his widow, she received
for ten years a pension of seventy-two dollars per
annum, when she became the wife of Action
Bowen, and her pension ceased by law. Bowen
died in 184S, leaving her in a destifute and help
less situation, aged, infirm, and childless: and she
therefore prays for a renewal of the pension al-
lowed to her previous to her second marriage.
The committee entertain the opinion that it is just
and proper, in cases like this, where the widow
has been left in a destitute and helpless condition,
to renew the pension.
The case of Sarah Larabee, former widow
of Barstow Newell, presents the same general
state of facts, with the exception that neither the
petitioner, nor her husband, ever drew a pension.
On application to the Pension Bureau she was in-
formed that her case was barred by her second
marriage, notwithstanding she was a widow at
the tune of her application. The committee con-
sider both of these cases as meritorious, and as
they are deprived of the benefits of existing laws
only by a too stringent construction, they deem
it proper to report a bill providing for their relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate witjwmt
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a Uiird
reading, read a third time, and passed.
GEORGE DENNETT.
The bill, reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, for the relief of George Dennett, of Ports-
mouth, New Hampshire, was read a second time,
and considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay seventy-five dollars to Dennett, for
services performed by him in bringing up the ar-
learages of business in the naval office at Ports-
mouth, for a time when there was no naval officer.
Dennett was appointed naval officer for the port
of Portsmouth; took the oath prescribed by law;
entered upon the discharge of his official duties
on the 13th of March, 3839. The office of naval
officer was vacant from the 18th of December,
1838, until the J3fh of March, 1839, when Dennett
was appointed and entered upon the discharge of
the duties of the office. It therefore became his
duty after he entered upon the duties of his office,
to complete and bring up the arrearages of busi-
ness for the time it was vacant, and for that he
has received no compensation. In pursuance of
the recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and from the fact that, in the opinion of the
committee, Dennett is justly and equitably en-
titled to a compensation for that service, t1 e com-
mittee report the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, mdered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH SUMMERS.
The bill—reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions—granting bounty lands to Elizabeth Sum-
mers, widow of Cornelius Summers, a soldier of
the late war with Great Britain, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue to Elizabeth Summers aland warrant
for one hundred and sixty acre*, as provided by
the act of September 28, 1850, for nine months'
service of her husband m the late war with Great
Britain; but, if any land warrant has been hereto-
fore issued for the services of her husband, the
number of acres thereby granted shall be deducted
from the number of acres to beallowed under this
bill.
Cornelius Summers served in the war of 1812,
was paid for eight months twenty-eight and one
half days'service, and was honorably discharged.
The act of September 28, 1850, provides that any
person serving in that war, who enlisted for twelve
months, or during the war, and actually served
nine months, shall be entitled to one hundred and
sixty acres of land.
The application of the widow for land in this
esse was admitted for eighty acres, the amount
allowed for four months'service, but as she failed
to prove nine months' service by one day and a
half, and also failed to prove that her husband
enlisted for twelve months, one hundred and sixty
acres could not be allowed her by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office. She now
prays Congress to pass a special act, granting her
one hundred and sixty acres of land for her hus-
band's services, alleging m her petition that he
was in captnny after Dudley's defeat for some
time, how long she does not remember, and that
he served as a substitute for one Gray a term of
six months, from the 1st March, 1814, to the 1st
September of the same year, making m all over
one year. These latter statements, however, are
not proved by any papers presented with the peti-
tion. The service proved by the certificate of the
Third Auditor, being within one and a half days
of the term of rune months, taken together with
the stiongrprobability of further service, seems to
the committee to make this a case justifying- the
special action of Congress in behalf of the widow.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
