1630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
amendment) ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
john m'vey.
The bill—reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions—for the relief of John McVey, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. „
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of McVey on the roll' of
invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars per
mortth, from July 4, 1852, during his life.
McVey claims to have served in the Kentucky
volunteers, under General Shelby, in the war of
1812—'14. During his tour of service he became
disabled, or wounded, in replacing the puncheons
on the bridge over the river Thames, which had
been removed by the British, by having the flesh
torn severely on the inside of his left ancle, and
the bone crushed Prom this wound he has
never recovered. The ancle became stiff and en-
larged, and a running sore broke out on his leg,
of a very malignant character, affecting his gen-
eral health. Dr. J, Custer certifies to the present
painful and severe character of the sore, and fur-
ther states, that if a cure of the sore should be
effected, McVey will still be a cripple, owing to
stufness of joints, and enlargement of the foot re-
sulting from it.
Of the alleged services of the petitioner, there is
no evidence offered, save his own statement and
the hearsay proof contained in a petition in his
belmlf, numerously signed by citizens of Aikan-
sas. No evidence of his enlistment, service, or
discharge, can be found on the rolls on file in the
Pensiot) Office, nor elsewhere, within the semch
of the Commissioner or the committee. They
are, therefore, compelled to agiee with the Com-
missioner, who has disallowed the claim, on the
ground that the proof of service is entirely insuffi-
cient. Dr. Custer only testifies as to petitioner's
present condition. His reputation and skill as a
physician, are certified by the clerk of the court
for Hempstead county, Arkansas. It seems, by
the indorsement of the Clerk of the Senate upon
the petition, that it was before the committee m
1852, and a bill was reported in accordance with
its prayer; but as no wi itten report was submitted,
the committee are not now aware of the grounds
upon which the bill for his relief was based, and
suppose it to have been merely reported, without
any recommendation, for the consideration of the
Senate. The bill, however, passed the Senate,
but failed in the House. In view, therefore, of
the former action of the committee and the Sen-
ate, notwithstanding their clear convictions of the
insufficiency of the proofs in the case as presented
to them, the committee report the bill for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, oidered to be engrossed for a thud
reading, read a third time, and passed.
george \v. gibson.
The next was a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives—reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions—for the relief of George W. Gibson; which
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to place his name on the roll of invalid
pensioners at the rate of six dollars per month from
March 9, 1852, during life.
Gibson enlisted as a private soldier in company
B, first regiment United States dragoons,and was
With the American troops in the late war with
Mexico; he sulfered much from exposure, which
finally resulted in a liver complaint and chronic
dian hea, which completely disabled him. Dunns:
the time the Army was m the occupancy of Chi-
huahua m Mexico, he was m the general hospital
six or eight weeks. Since his return home in
November, 1848, his health has been bad, and his
general debility such as to three fourths disable
him from obtaining his subsistence by manual
labor.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
asa andrews.
The next was a bill—reported from the Commit-
tee on Chums—for the relief of Asa^Andrews;
winch was i ead a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whnle,
By this bill the proper accounting officers of the '
Treasury are to be authorized and required to ;
settle and adjust the accounts of Andrews, late
collector of customs for the district of Ipswich,
Massachusetts, for office rent and expenses, in-
cluding clerk hire, and for the services of a dep-
uty, during the time he performed the duties of
that office, and to pay the amount found due, not
exceeding the sum of $1,983 80.
Mr. Andrews was appointed collector of the
port of Ipswich, Massachusetts, by President
Washington, and continued in office until 1829.
On making up his accounts at the Treasuiy,a
balance was made against him of §921 92. In
1842 suit was commenced against him and his
sureties to recover that sum in the district court
for that district, and a judgment recovered. The
case was carried by writ of error to the United
States circuit court, Judge Story presiding, and
the judgment of the court below was reversed on
the ground of the refusal of the district judge to
instruct the jury that Andrews was entitled to
compensation for office rent, fuel, clerk hire, or
deputy, &c.
Judge Story decided, that if the Secretary of the
Treasury sanctioned the appointment of a deputy
for that port, and the business required it, it would
seem reasonable that the United States should pay
some compensation for his services; and furthei,
that the expenditures for office expenses were
properly deemed incidents to the office, and there-
fore ought to be allowed. Under this ruling a
new trial was had, and averdict rendered that the
United States were indebted to Mr. Andrews in
the sum of $1,943 80 beyond the sum claimed by
them. Application was made to the Treasury
Department for the payment of that sum, but the
Secretary said there was no appropriation out of
which the Department felt justified in paying it,
and he was referred to Congress. He accordingly
presented his petition to Congress, and various
favorable reports were made. The committee, in
recommending the passage of the bill, do not intend
to recognize the principle that the certificate of a
jury is conclusive as to the indebtedness of the
Government, but in cases like the present, where
a competent court lays down the construction of
law applicable to a case judicially before it, their
opinion is entitled to respect.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
levy and jarero.
The next was a bill for the relief of Jonas P.
Levy and Jose Maria Jarrero.
Mr. CLAY, it does not appear fpom the Cal-
endar that that bill has ever been referred to a
committee.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I reported it in pursuance
of the direction of the select committee on Mex-
ican claims. The committee were unanimous in
directing the reference of these two claims to the
accounting officer. Sixty-thiee claims were re-
ferred to that committee. We report in favor of
these two being reviewed by the accounting offi-
cer, and paid according to the dnection of the
treaty of Guadalupe H idalgo. They thought the
case of Jarrero particularly a very hard case.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to require the accounting officers of
the Treasury to settle the claims of Levy and
Jarrero, for indemnity against the Government of
Mexico, which were presented to the late Board
of Commissioners on the claims against Mexico,
and were rejected by the board.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
cornelius ii. latham.
The next was a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives—reported from the Committee on Pen-
sions—for the relief of Cornelius H. Latham;
which was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secietary of the Inte-
rior to place his name on the invalid pension roll,
at four dollais per month, from January 1, 1850,
to continue during life. f
Latham prays for a pension in consequence of,
disability incurred while in the military service of!
the United States. He enlisted as a private in I
company B, Captain Sumner, in the regiment]
of dragoons under Colonel Henry Dodge, on the j
first day of July, 1833, for three years. He was II
in hospital, at Jefferson barracks, prostrated by
excessive diarrhoea, followed by fever; and, on par-
tial recovery, he marched with the troops to Fort
Gibson, m which march he was again attacked
and very much debilitated; while on guard in
January, 1834, he was suddenly attacked with
violent illness, and was removed to the hospital,
where he was examined by the surgeon, whose
certificate of disability he declares to have received.
From the time of his discharge he has had fre-
quent recurrence of his disease, and palpitation of
the heart, so as to unfit him entirely for any labo-
rious employment; and his constitution is now
broken.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
john shly's patent.
The next was a bill—reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office—to extend
a patent heretofore granted to John Shly, of the
State of Georgia.
Mr. CLAY objected, and the bill was passed
over.
captain charles g. merchant.
The next was a bill—reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Aifairs—for the relief of Captain
Chailes G. Merchant; which was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Government to settle the accounts of
Charles G. Merchant, brevet captain of the Uni-
ted States Army, for the second quarter of 1849,
on just and equitable principles, without reference
to the usual forms, so as to relieve him of the
effect of the loss of his quarterly returns for that
quarter; but the amount to be allowed him is nSt
to exceed $,215 69.
In the month of September, 1849, Captain
Merchant was traveling on duty from Leona to
Sun Antonio, Texas, having in hispossession his
returns in the commissary department, for the
second quarter of 1849. in crossing a stream, the
public wagon, containing his baggage, was car-
ried oif by the rapid current, and his papers were
lost. Every exertion was made to recover the
trunk containing the accounts, but without suc-
cess. The amount of the account current, for
which he is lesponsible on that quarter, was
$215 Gd; all of which amount was expended m
the purchase of provisions for a detachment of
two hundred and seventeen recruits on the march
from the coast of Texas to San Antonio.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, arid passed.
general stephen moylan.
The next was a bill—reported from the Com*
} mittee on Revolutionary Claims—relative to the
! accounts of General Stephen Moylan; which was
| read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the W hole.
ft proposes to direct that the accounts of Gen-
I eral Stephen Moylan, on the books of the Treas-
j ury, shall be balanced by the proper accounting
j officers, and that the fact that they have remained
unsettled until this time shall be no bar to the
recovery of half pay or bounty land by his heirs.
Mr. PRATT called for the readingof the report.
General Moylan was commissioned a colonel in
| the revolutionary army in the year 1776, and was
immediately afterwards directed by Congress to
raise and equip a regiment of light dragoons for
the Continental service. Having succeeded in
raising a regiment in pursuance of the directions
of Congress, he continued to serve without inter-
mission until the close of the war, sometimes
commanding his regiment in the field, sometimes
acting as quartei master general, and at others as
a volunteer aid to General Washington. Like
many of his compatiiots and fellow-soldiers, he
entered the service of his country rich, and left it
poor, when his services were no longer needed.
One of the bravest and most intelligent of the offi-
cers of the American army, he enjoyed the confi-
dence of Washington in a very high degree.
He was in most of the battles fought during
the war, serving with distinction from Trenton to
Yorktown, through the whole of the protracted
and bloody struggle. In the course of the war,
he had been intrusted with considerable sums of
