1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68
Arid that after throwing out of the count such returns as
were not made in strict accordance with law, the result
ftand^ as follows :
Jo?6 Manuel Gallegos received   2,806 votes.
William Carr Lane received 2,267 "
Majority for Don Jos?6 Manuel Gallegos  539 "
Therefoie, I, the said William S.Messervy, Secretary as
aforesaid, do hereby certify that the said Jos6 Manuel
Gallegos was and is duly elected the Delegate from said
Territoiy to the Thirty-Third Congress of the United States,
according to law.
In testunoney whereof, I have hereunto signed ray name
r, s i and affixed my seal of the Territory of New
L * ,J Mexico, this second day of October, A. I). 18^5.
WM. S. MESSERVV, Secretary oj Territory.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It seems that Mr. Gal-
legos's credentials are covered by two certificates,
which, of course, presents a prima facie case. I
must state, however, in explanation of the posi-
tion I took, that previously the Secretary of the
Territory issued a certificate in conflict, as I con-
ceive, with the one just read. So far as any
investigation I could make, it appeared that Mr.
Gallegos came under the certificate of the Gov-
ernor. The papers before me show that the
Secretary had given a certificate under his sea!, and
not that of the Territory, to the contestant, Wil-
liam Carr. Lane. Mr. Gallegos, being armed
with certificates from both of the officers of that
Territory, presents himself, in compliance with the
law; and I shall interpose no further objection to
his hemic sworn in. The case will be sent here-
after, I presume, to the Committee on Elections.
Senor Gallegos was then presented to the
Speaker by Mr. Benton, and took the usual oath
to support the Constitution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to what I
conceive to be a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Murray] is entitled to the floor, having
given way for the presentation of the credentials
of the Delegate from the Territory of New Mexico,
[Mr. Gallegos.]
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom the subject was referred, reported
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the members of the House Committee on
Printing cause to be published and bound in pamphlet
form, in such manner as may seein to theiri appropriate, tor
the use of the House, thirty thousand copies of the proeccd-
imrs of the Senate and House of Representatives, and the
addresses of the members, in regard to the death of the late
Vice President ot the Hinted States, the Hon. William R.
Kino, together with «o much of the President's message of
the orient session as relates thereto, arid the pioceedmgs
of the Supieme Court ot the United States on the same
subject.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
adopted.
EXCUSE FROM SERVING ON COMMITTEE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I was honored with
a position on the Committee on theTerritones by
the Speaker, and what! now request is simply that
the House will excuse me from serving on that
committee.
Mr. CULLOM. I am totally ignorant of the
cause for which the gentleman asks to be excused
from serving on that committee. If he has given
any to the House, wc upon this side of the Hall
have not heard it.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The gentleman from
Virginia has given no reason why he should be
excused.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I did not suppose
that it was necessary to offer to the House any
reason why I desired to be excused from service
upon that committee. I thought, as the committee
was so entirely unimportant, and its duties re-
quired so little labor, the simple expression of a
desire on the part of a member, especially when
his place could be so easily supplied, would address
itself to the courtesy of this House, and be suffi-
cient to obtain an excuse, without any assignment
of reasons for the request. I do not desire to
state any reasons, but respectfully ask the House
to allow me to be excused from service upon that
committee. I could state my reasons, if required.
I should deem it a personal accommodation if the
House will excuse me, and therefore I will leave
it with them, without consuming further the time
of the House.
Mr. RICHARDSON. So far as it would be a
personal accommodation I should be very glad
to excuse the gentleman. But the gentleman is
mistaken as to the amount of labor to be per-
formed by that committee, as also in reference to
its importance. There are now, I believe, some
seven Territories. The business for all those
Territories passes through that committee. That
business is important, and requires experience.
My friend from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] has that
experience, and we very much need the benefit of
his counsel and advice upon that committee. I
trust, therefore, he will withdraw his application
to be excused.
Mr. SMITH I trust that the privilege which
I ask of the House, of being excused, will be ac-
corded. I do not suppose, sir, thatmy experience
is so much appreciated by others as it appears to
be by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Richard-
son,] and hence I desire to be excused from ser-
vice upon that committee. I am out of place upon
that committee, and wholly unacquainted with its
duties, and have no experience to bring to the dis-
charge of them. 1 beg that the House will excuse
me, as I have requested, and allow me to content
myself with an outside position in reference to that
committee.
Mr. ROCOCTf. My colleague from Virginia
[Mr. Smith] assigned as one, and the principal
reason, why he desired to be excused, that the
duties of that committee were entirely unimport-
ant. I am as much disposed as any member of
this House to grant any reasonable request of my
colleague; but 1 differ entirely from him in regard
to the position he takes in relation to the import-
ance of the Committee on the Territories. So far
from being entirely unimportant, it is at this time
one of the most important committees constituted
by the Speaker of this House. I fear that my col-
league has notgiven to the business of that commit-
tee that reflection and attention which he usually
gives to subjects upon which he is called to act.
Jif the reason assigned be the only excuse of my
colleague, however much I may desire to grant a
personal accommodation under other circumstan-
ces, I shall be compelled to vote against his
request.
The question was then taken, and there were,
on a division, ayes 103; noes not counted.
So Mr. Smith was excused from service on the
committee.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to present to
the House, for the purpose of reference to the
Committee on Elections, the evidence and poll-
book in the contested election case from New
Mexico. The documents in this case are volu-
minous, and I desire to send them to that commit-
tee.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
REPORT OF COMMISSIONER OF GENERAL
LAND OFFICE.
Mr. DISNEY. I offer the following resolution,
and ask that it be referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That five hundred extra copies of the report
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office, with ac-
companying documents, he punted for the use of saidofhce.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I object.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, under the
rules of the House, will go to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. WASHRUR.NE, of Illinois. Will not the
gentleman from Ohio amend his resolution by
increasing the number of copies?
Mr. DISNEY. I simply desire to say to the
House that I offer the resolution at the request of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, and
that the number named was suggested by himself.
My object is simply to have the resolution referred
to the Committee on Printing, conformable to the
rules and practice ofthe House.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, the
resolution will go to the Committee on Printing.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I rise to a
privileged question. The congressional district
which I now represent is, in part, composed of
the county of Herkimer, formerly represented
by Alexander Buell. There is a large share of
the documents printed for that congressional dis-
| trict that remain with the Clerk. 1 desire to offer
I a resolution that they shall be delivered to me for
j distribution in that district.
j Several Members. It is not aquestion of priv-
i ilege.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to offer the following
resolution' 
Mr. WALSH. I object. Resolutions are not
in order now.
Mr. DTSNEY. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of introducing the resolution which
I wish to present.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Read it forinformation.
The resolution was then read as follows j
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be au-
thorized to employ a clerk at a compensation not exceed-
ing four dollars per day.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can reach
his object when committees are called for reports.
The SPEAKER. Reports are now in order
from committees.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Ways
| and Means, reported the following bills; which
I were severally read by their titles and referred to
' the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed:
A bill making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th June, 1855;
A bill to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1854; and
A bill making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th June, 1855.
CLERIC FOR COMMITTEE ON PUBLIC LANDS.
When the Committee on Public Lands was
called,
Mr. DISNEY said: I now desire to introduce
from the Committee on Public Lands the resolu-
tion in regard to which I asked the unanimous
consent of the House a few minutes ago. I offer,
in behalf of that committee, the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be au-
thorized to employ a clerk at a compensation not exceeding
four dollars a day.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the gentleman whether it
has been customary for that committee to employ a
clerk ?
Mr. DISNEY. It is, perhaps, proper for me
to say to the House, in connection with this sub-
! ject, that I should not have asked for the adoption
of a resolution of this sort if, in my opinion, it
were not imperatively required. The amount of
labor imposed upon that committee is, perhaps,
familiar to a majority of the members of this
House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, (interrupting,) I
wish to inquire whether this resolution comes up
in order as a report of a committee?
The SPEAKER. It was introduced by the
gentleman from Ohio as a report from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS. I will only say that X should
object to its introduction out of order.
Mr. DISNEY. To illustrate, if the House
will permit me: at the first meeting of our com-
mittee we found referred to us forty-five petitions;
and the history of the labors of that committee
i shows that in a single Congress they have had as
, many as between four and five hundred bills upon
i their calendar. These bills requive a vast amount
■ of investigation, and the constant attention of the
I members of that committee; the whole forming a
I mass of labor utterly impossible for them to per-
! form, and, at the same time, pay any sort of re-
i gard to their other legislative duties. To impose
j the duties of clerk upon the secretary of that com-
; mittee would be denying to him entirely the privi-
i lege of exetcising his legislative functions.
j It is true the committee might employ a clerk
i at the expense of the individual members; but I
apprehend that it is hardly becoming the dignity
; of this Congress to impose upon any one of its
members labors which require him to sacrifice his
I; other duties, or employ assistance at his own ex-
^ pense.
i' So far as I am individually concerned, the duties
of clerk do not affect me; and so far as this reso-
i lution applies to myself, I do not care a feather
II whether it is adopted or not. But, sir, it is to
impose a wrong upon other members of the com-
I mittee not to grant this request. It is wrong to
! require any member of this House to perform
|. labor that will compel him to neglect his duties as
a Representative upon this floor. I repeat, it is
f: beneath the dignity of this House to impose upon
jj its committees, labors they cannot perform with-
L out either foregoing all participation in the labors
/
