1632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7.
the rate of pension proposed is that which is gen-
erally allowed a sergeant?
Mr JONES, of Iowa. No, sir; it is that of a
captain.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I can sat-
isfy the Senator from Maryland in a moment that
this is just such a case as ought to be provided
for. This gentlerftan rendered extraordinary ser-
vices, and displayed extraordinary gallantry, at
that bridge, and suffered more than any man 1
ever heard of As appears from the proof sub-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs, h*
was utterly disabled, and is now a cripple fori'
He spent $12,000 in securing his life; that in
having his wounds propeily attended to, r.d fiom
other necessary expense? growing ouf ot his suf-
ferings m the war. He came before tfte commit-
tee, and asked them to reimburse nis expenses.
His gallant conduct, and the sufferings he had
undergone, appealed strongly to our feelings, and
we felt that it would be right to reimburse him,if
we could do so without establishing a dangerous
precedent. We could not do it, although every
member of the committee felt it was a case ap-
pealing strongly to the benevolence and chanty of
the country- The best thing we could do was to
recommend the ptiymeut of the largest amount
possible; emd i know the heart of the Senator
from Maryland will respond to the feelings which
actuated us.
Mr. PEA.ROE My objection is merely this:
th.it if we give this man a higher rate of pension
th.isi is allowed lo others of the same grade in the
sr* vice, we shall make an exception to the general
law, and it may be looked upon as an invidious
discrimination. I suppose the man is disabled
for life; hut it matters not whether hia conduct
was pecuhaily gallant or ordinarily gallant. Gen-
tlemen deeply interested m turn claim an amount
more than double that which the law allows
others who stiller equally. I do not know of any
principle upon winch we run rely to justify our-
sefves in giving one man double the pension which
nrKi'her of the same gmde in (he service receives.
The PRESIDINGOFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator Hubmtt any amendment.
.Mr. PKARCE. The ojdinary rate, I believe,
is eight dollar* a month. This bill proposes to
give twenty dollars; I move to amend it by re-
ducing it to eight dollars.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. ATCHISON. I must call the Senator to
order. This is not a day for debating private
lulls.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Discussion is
out of ordt-r.
Mr DIXON, fs the question upon the motion
•made by the Senator from Maryland to amend
the bill by insert mg eight dolhus instead of twenty
dollars.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. DIXON", f understand the Senator from
Maryland to say that eight dollars is the sum
agreed upon by the Government to be paid for the
loss of a limb and for the loss ot all a man's limbs,
or- 
The PRESIDING OFFICER.^ The Chair
would apprise the Senator fiom Kentucky that
except by unanimous consent, no debate is in
order. The Senator from Missouri objects to the
discussion of this question.
Mr. DIXON, I understand the Senator to say
that for all the damage a man may sustain, he is
only to be paid eight dollars a month. That is to
cover the loss of everything, and embraces his
leg, arm, or any other member, I will not say a
word on this subject if any member objects.
Mr. ATCHISON. I withdraw the objection.
Mr DIXON'. I understand the suggestion of
the Senator applies to every limb a man has. EIe
may lose all his limbs. He may be rendered per-
fectly impotent, and eight dollars is the sum that
compensates him for it; and that is the price the
Government is to pay to old soldiers who render
all the^e services to the country, and become
rofolly disabled in doing so. All 1 have to say is
than' that is the sum, it is too little. If in this case
an extraordinary damage has been sustained, as
we ore informed by the Senator from Tennessee,
why, sir, it is an exception to the general rule,
and* ought to be liberally provided for. I am for
giving the largest sum possible, and 1 shall vote
j against the amendment which is offered by the
Senator from Maryland, to reduce the amount. I
Mr. PEARCE. I must as& leave of the Senate j
to say a few words in reply to the Senator from
Kentucky. The Senator has either misunderstood
me, or perverted my meaning.
Mr. DIXON. I certainly did not mean to do so.
Mr. PEARCE. I did not say that we were not
to pay a man for the loss of all his limbs. What
I have said is this, that we have a general system
of pension laws, and according to that system, it
is ourcustom, and the law requires,that we should
, pay a man so much for a total disability. We do
! not look at the character of the disability any fur-
> ther than to ascertain whether it is total. The
• general law requires that we shall give to a man
: in the rank occupied by this man, who incurs a
! total disability,a pension of eightdollars a month;
I and then what I said was, that it is altogether
1 wrong, unjust, and partial to give to one man who
: has incurred a total disability a pension two and a
' half times as great as we give to another in the
i same rank. Whether it is light for Congress to
i restrict the pensions in the case of total disability
! to eight dollars a month, for those in this branch
i of the military service, is a question 1 do not
I undertake to meddle with; but we have adopted a
I general system, and if there is any propriety in
J adopting such a general system theie is obviously
a strong propriety in adhering to it. If you do
not adhere to it invariably, you make t{ fish of one
and flesh of another;" and it depends upon the
weight of the influences brought to bear upon
Congress, whether a party is to get a pension
under the general system, or to receive that which
the bounty of Congress, and the patriotic impulses
of the moment may induce them to give. You
know, sir, how those impulses vary; and it is
precisely to guard against that evil that our pen-
sion laws are adopted; and 1 think the system
should be equal and adhered to. I see no cause
far altering these pensions. I do not know what
this man's disability is, I do not know whether
he hus lost one limb, or all. If he has lost a single
limb, I should vote against this mode of proceed-
ing. If you undertake to pay all the members of
the ArmyTor the loss of each limb, you would
soon beggar the Tieasury. What I do say is,
you have a general system, and I think it ought
to be adhered to until it is altered by a general
law.
Mr. DIXON. I have not misunderstood the
Senator very materially. lie stated that if a man
is totally disabled, his pension is eight doliais per
! month. I then said that it eml raced the loss of
j a limb, and the loss of every limb,
i Mr. PEARCE. That is the consequence of the
| system.
! Mr. DIXON, Thfit is the consequence of the
! system. Then, sir, I mean to say, and J do say,
i that eight dollars per month for the loss of all a
man's limbs, is not enough; it is too little. And
[ mean, also, to say that because the general sys-
tem allows those who have been subjected to a
total disability in the service of their country, but
eight dollars per month, is no reason why the Sen-
ate should not do justice when a case comes before
I it, and when it has power and jurisdiction over
j the case. That is what I mean to say.
i For my part, I have never considered myself
j bound by any general system. If the law, as it
i already exists,hinds me as a Senator, there is no
j use in legislating upon any private hill. Jf I am
! fo be hound in the votes I give, because you have ,
j established a general system which is wrong, :
; there is no use in our attempting to legislate on
; any claim which cornea before us 1 am governed i
I by no such principle as that. I mean here to act ,
i upon every case as it presents itself to me, accord-'
j mg to what I think is right; and if the geneial i
! system embraces it, I will take it out of the gen- j
j eiai system. Why, sir, when a peculiar case .
! comes before the Senate, appealing to us m behalf ,
j of one who is totally disabled, m behalf of one 1
, who has rendered important service to thecountry,1
i in behalf of one who has made such sacrifices, as 1
: that he never can be compensated for them, it is |
! strange, indeed, that a Senator should rise up and ;
J say, because you have established a general sys- ]
tem which limits the allowance to be paid to a !
1 man who has become totally disabled, therefore \
you are not to allow something to alleviate the '
; wretched and unfortunate condition of him who is !
i totally disabled in the service of his country. 1
I act upon no principle of that sort. Impelled
by every feeling of my heart, I will vote for every
cent that may be proposed by the committee, for
a man who sacrifices so much for his country.
Not to do so is at war with the principle on which
every Government exists. Why, Mr. President,
look to other nations, and see what their policy-
has been in regard to those who have made sacri-
fices for their country. What is the policy of
England? What is that of France? Why, sir,
are not monuments starting up in every portion of
those great Kingdoms to perpetuate to the latest
posterity the noble deeds of those who have made
sacrifices for their country ? And yet, sir, when
we are appealed to, in a case of this kind, for a
man who has lost his limbs in the service of his
country, who has heen broken down in fighting
its battles, in order to enable him to make a sub-
sistence, and to keep his family from perishing,
Senators cry out that it is wrong, that it will be
making " fish of one and flesh of another." Sir,
I am for making flesh of all. I am willing to
change the general system. The amount which
it allows is too little. The Government has plenty
of money; and it is time that it should act with
some chaiacter of liberality at least towards its
own citizens.
Mr. WELLER. I only desire to say one word,
to assign the reason why 1 ask for the passage of
t1, .s bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mary-
land.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. WELLER. I claim that I have the floor.
Mr. PRATT. If any gentleman can stand up
all the time and claim the floor, that may prevent
my motion.
Mr. WELLER. I have been recognized by
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senate will, by unan-
imous consent, permit me to move to reconsider
the vote on the passage of a bill.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The bill was then reported to the Senate, or-
dered to a third reading, read a third time, and
passed.
ISAAC L. BATTLE.
Mr. RUSK. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of the estate of Isaac
L. Battle, was passed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the bill lie on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
40n motion the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 7, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. John J. Taylor,
of New York, a member of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs,in the placeofMr. GilbertDkan,
resigned.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is upon the motion submitted by the gentleman
from South Carolina, on yesterday, to reconsider
the vote by which the civil and diplomatic bill
was rejected.
Mr. FULLER. Will the gentleman fromSouth
Carolina give way for a moment to allow me to
report a bill and accompanying papers, for the
purpose of having them recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce and printed ?
Mr. LETCHER, What is the bill ?
Mr. FULLER. It is a bill for the erection of
certain custom-houses.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. FULLER. I hope the gentleman from
Virginia will withdraw his objection.
Mr. LETCHER. The custom-houses have
sunk one bill already, and I do not want them to
sink another.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield me the floor for a moment,
that I may introduce a resolution which I ask to
have read for the information of the House.
