66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
vision "^XtoTncede0
see and his heart generous enough to concede
every right due his brethren in this great political
^He^lCtrated the annals of his congressional
career at an early day with an exposition of pnn-
ciples which has withstood the assault of time—
" the only test of truth;" and if they had been
sacredlv observed our fraternal concord and do-
mestic repose could not have been shaken or dis-
turbed. It was bold and manly in him, and
evinced the highest moral courage; and were I
now called upon to indite the inscription on the
plain granite obelisk which kind affection will 1 ear
to his memory, I would make it brief and simple:
The mortal remains of the author of Atii-
erton's resolutions.
This fact, so honorable to his head and heart,
which the epitaph would commemorate, will live, in
the records of his country, though tue shaft that
points heavenwards from his mouldering clay may
crumble into dust.
The loss of such a man, sir, at any time is a
national calamity. It is especially heavy now,
when death has striken down in a tew brief yeais
so many " stars of the first magnitude from the
political firmament.
If the ordering of human events had been com-
mitted to frail man he would have been spared to
adorn the high place he so worthily fil ed. Cut
for the goodness and justice of the Ruler of na-
tions we might murmur at the sad decree, when
We remember the tempestuous sea through which
•tfehave passed; and now that the sun of domestic
peace has just arisen, with genial rays, to warm
fraternal affection sadly chilled, he is suddenly
summoned away without partaking the felicity ot ,
restored friendship which.he contributed so much j
to consummate." . - .
I will not invade the hallowed precincts of that
grief-stricken family circle where heso lately stood
as a shining center, dispensing light and joy; but
now, alas! made so dark and cheerless. lime
alone furnishes a soothing balm where the heart
bleeds. Outside of that circle there is one whose
sensibilities have been deeply wrung by the event.
Our honored Chief Magistrate has lost one of his
earliest and truest friends. The arm which he had
fondly hoped to lean upon in the trying responsi-
bilities of his situation is now cold and pulseless
that tongue, always devoted to truth, upon which
he trusted to vindicate his motives and his honor,
is silent in death. Thelearningand wisdom which
were to counsel him in his troubles have sunk, like
brightliehts, to rise no more. Oh, what sau havoc
has not death recently made with those around
whom the President's affections have been en-
twined ! Let not the solemn admonition be lost
upon him or upon ourselves.
The question was then taken, and the resolutions
were unanimously adopted.
The House accordingly adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock.
REGENTS OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
In compliance with the provisions of the act for
the establishment of the Smithsonian Institution
"for the increase and diffusion ot knowledge among
men," the Speaker, on the 14th day of December,
appointed Messrs. James Meacham of Vermont,
William H. English of Indiana, and David Stu-
art of Michigan, the Regents of the said I nsti union
on the part of the House.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, December 20, 1853.
Prayer by the Rev. William H. Milbfrn.
The Journal of y esterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of Thomas T. Fauntleroy and others,
officers of the Army, and the petition of W. A.
Nioholls and others, officers of the Army, praying
an increase of compensation; which wereretened
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented five petitions from
officers of the Army, praying an increase of com-
pensation; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of Albert Hart, praying an
increase of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions. _
Also the memorial and accompanying docu-
ments of Franklin Chase, late Collector at the port
of Tainpico, praying to be paid his proportion of
the proceeds of the sale of the schooner Oregon,
seized at Tampico during the late war with Mex-
ico, for a violation of the revenue laws; which
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of E. Or.
Chambers and others, proposing to construct a
wagon road between the Mississippi river and the
Pacific ocean, upon certain conditions; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
"Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Sarah
Harmon, formerly widow of Timothy Murray,
who was lulled in the military service of the Uni-
ted States during the last war with Great Britain,
praying to be allowed half pay and bounty land;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of citizens
of Rochestei, New York, remonstrating against
the ratification of an international copy-right
treaty with Great Britain; which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Also, the petition of the Oneida Annual Confer-
ence of the Methodist Episcopal Church, praying
the recognition of the independence of Liberia;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Also, a petition of the inhabitants of Detroit,
citizens of the United States, praying for aid in
the construction of a ship canal around the r ails
i of Niagara; which was referred to the Committee
'! on Commerce.
i Also, a petition of the Central Canal Company
i of Indiana, asking for a grant of land in aid of the
1 construction of the said canal; which was referred
J to the Committee 911 Commerce. j
j| Mr WELLER. I desire to present a memo- |
rial of officers of the United States Army serving I
" m California, praying for an increase of the com-
pensation of officers and soldiers on duty on the
Pacific coast. I may be allowed to say that I sin-
cerely hope it will receive the early and favorable
consideration oftheCommittee on Military Affairs.
It is utterly impossible for United States officers
to subsist on the pay that is now allowed them
under the law. I believe that a colonel of one of
the regiments on the frontier receives less compen-
sation than is paid to a brick-mason in the city of
San Francisco. I think it requires as much mental
and physical ability to command a regiment on
the frontier as to construct a brick wall. I believe
there is less paid to a captain than to a common
hod-carrier; and that a lieutenant receives less
compensation than a city scavenger. I do sin-
cerely hope that a legislative act will apply the
appropriate remedy. I move that the petition be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER presented a petition of a com-
mittee of the clerks in the Executive Departments
at Washington, praying an increase of the salaries
of the clerks, messengers, packers, laborers, and
watchmen employed in those Departments; which
was leferred to the Committee on Retrenchment.
Also, the petition of Mary A. M Jones, widow
of Brevet Major General Roger Jones, late Adju-
tant General of the Army, praying a pension;
i which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DODGE,of Wisconsin, presented the pe- 1
j tition of Alexander Waugh, administrator of
| George Waugh, an officer in the militia during
the revolutionary war, praying a pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
; Also, the petition of Benjamin Burton, admin-
istrator of Major Burton, of the Army of the Rev-
olution, prayme: an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. FITZPATR1CK presented a petition of
I the Alabama and Mississippi River Railroad Com-
I: pany, and a petition of the Alabama and Ten-
|i nessee River Railroad Company, praying to be
j allowed a credit for the duties 011 rails to be im-
'j ported for those railroads; which were referred to
! the Commtttee on Finance.
! JVIr. FISH presented three petitions of citizens
II of tile Statu of New York, praying an extension
I of the patent granted to Un Emmons, for a planing
!' machine; which were referred to the Committee
■ on Patents and the Patent Office.
:: Also, a memorial of the Chamber of Commerce
II of New York, complaining of the duties, &c , im-
posed on the commerce of the United States with
the Baltic sea, and asking the adoption of measures
by the Government of the United States, with the
view of abating such imposition; which was re-
ferred to the Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
Mr. CLAYTON presented the petition of Henry
La Reintrie, praying compensation for services as
interpreter and acting secretary of legation, at St.
Jaeo de Chili, and as bearer of dispatches; which
was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
U°Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the memorial
of the Mayor and Aldermen of the city of Du-
buque, praying a donation of a lot of ground in that
city set apart as a cemetery; which was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS. I have been requested to pre-
sent the memorial of the Mississippi Baptist State
Convention, addressed to the President of the
United States and the Senate, asking that steps
may be taken by which religious liberty, or liberty
of conscience, may be secured to citizens of the
United States resident in the different countries
with which we have intercourse, to the same ex-
tent that the citizens of other countries have in
the United Slates. I had the honor at the last
session to introduce a petition from the same
j respectable religious denomination, and i.t was
referred to the Committee on Commerce. I ask
that this memorial may have the same reference.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of
certain officers of the United States Army, pray-
in°- for an increase of compensation; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON also presented the petition of
Pierre Menard and Joseph Bogy, for advances
made by them to the Illinois regiment, in the ser-
vice of Virginia, in the years 1779 and 1780;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Wil-
liam W. Gitt, as assignee of lost land warrants,
praying the passage of an act authorizing the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to issue
other warrants in his favor; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PRATT presented the memorial of Cap-
tain William Chapman and other officers of the
Army, praying additional compensation; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs. . .
1 Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Charles Derhigny and others, praying the con-
firmation of their land claim to a tract of land sit-
uated m the Bayou des Allemands, in the south-
east land district of Louisiana; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Also, the petition of Hewitt, Norton & Com-
pany, and other merchants of New Orleans,
praying an extension of the port of New Orleans;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
meice.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented documents in re-
lation to the claim of the administrator of the
esta'eof the surviving partner of the late firm of
Curtis & Peter Grubb, praying the payment of a
certain final-settlement certificate; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of Margaret Barnitz, only
daughter and heir of Lieutenant Colonel David
Gner, praying commutation and the payment of
moneys due her late father, on account of ad-
vances made by him during the revolutionary
war; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the memorial of Frances Ann McCauley,
praying remuneration for losses and expenses in-
curred by her late husbfind, while United States
consul at Tripoli; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BADGER submitted additional documents
relating to the claim of Samuel Miekum, which,
with his memorial on the files of the Senate, were
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SLIDELL presented the memorial of J-
A. Ragan, proposing a plan to reclaim the inun-
dated lands upon the Mississippi and its tribu-
taries; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Joseph Reynes, represent-
ing that his father purchased a certain tract of
land of the General Intendancy of the Province of
