1634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
tain me ill the motion I have made. 1 move the
previous question upon the motion to reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. When the
deficiency bill passed this House 
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind the
gentleman that the previous question has been
demanded.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I hope the gentleman
wjll withdraw the motion for the previous ques-
tion, and allow me to make a remark.
Mr. ORR. I cannot.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to ask a
question, which I think will forward the business
of the House. I hope the gentleman will with-
draw his demand for the previous question for
that purpose.
Mr. ORR. T cannot.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that there be a
call of the House.
The motion was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put. I
The question now being upon the motion to re- j
consider the vote by which the bill was rejected, j
it was taken; and the vote was reconsidered. I
Mr. ORR. I move to reconsider the vote by I
which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and upon that motion I demand j
the previous question.
Mr. PRESfON. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield me the floor for five min-
utes ?
Several Members. Do not withdraw the de-
mand.
Mr. ORR. I decline to withdraw the demand.
Mr. PRESTON. Very well; I am willing to
go to the vote.
The previous question received a second,' and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. PRESTON. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas B5, nays 69; as follows:
\ KAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, AMie, B.uksdale, Belcher, Boeook, Boy< e,
limits, Brooks, Chaplain, Churehwell, (.'lurk, Chn^ntan,
Cobb, Curtis, Cutting, John (J. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Lddy,
Edimmdson, Kllixon, ttn<,'lish, FauINnei, Floienee, Cootie,
Greenwood, Cnnv, ila^tmn', Heuduck1-', Henn, Hillyer,
Houston, I ni,'or>oll, George W. Jone-., Roland Jone:*., Ken,
Kiltr- dye, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, iMcMulhn,
McNair, McQueen, Maxwell, IV1a>ali, MilNon, Momim>m,
Miiriuy, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Olds, Orr, Bishop Perkins,
John Peikins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Ready, Richurdbon,
Thomas Ritehey,Tluthii, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Shower,
Singleton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William II.
Smith, George W. Smyth, Richard 11. Stanton, llestor L.
SU'vens, Strattou, Andrew Stuait, David Stuait, John J.
Taylor, Vail, Vansant, Walkei, Daniel 15. Wn ht, and
Zollioodlr—85.
NAYS—Mcsm*s. Abererombie, Batik*;, Bennett, Benson,
Bliss, Bn<_% Carpenter, Caiuthehs, Caskie, Corwm, Cul-
loin, Thomas David, l)e Wilt. Dick, DiMiey, I'a-tman, 1'M-
rnarnls, Kveihart, t'.tiley, I'Vnton, Flagler, .inkhn, Kul-
ler, Ci(i<ini«S Gieen, Aaron Harlan, Haven, Hill, Howe,
Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, Knox, Latham, hmdley, iMaee,
Maey, Matteson, May, MuUle^warth, John C. Miller,
Morgan, l^otdee.u Ohvei, Parker, Phillips, Pm«mo , Pnr-
year, RiMi.se, JRiddle, David Ritchie, Rogeis, Ri^sell, Salmi,
Sapp, Geipt Smith. Frederick P. Stanton, John L. Taylor,
Nathaniel G. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Upham, Wade,
Wa!brulj,re, Wallev, Walsh, Rlhhu B. Washbtnne, Ir-rael
Washburn, John YVentwoith, Wheeler, ami Yates—69.
So the motion to leconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time was ugieed to.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to ie~
consider the vote by which the twenty-second
amendment was adopted. It is the amendment
which appropriates for the completion of tho
several custom-houses. I voted to ingraft that
amendment upon the bill; and I am still in favor
of the appropriations for the construction of these
custom-houses; but, on examination, I find that
of those who voted with me for the amendment
there were seventeen, enough to have saved the
bill, who voted against the final passage of the
bill. Now I think that if anything is to be sacri-
ficed, it is best that itshould be thecustom-houses
for the present, rather than all the great interests
involved in the measure. I call for the previous
question on my motion for reconsideration.
At the request of Mr. Taylor, of Ohio, the
amendment was reported by the Clerk, as follows:
Twenty-second amendment:
For completing the eusfom-hou^eat St. Louis, Missouri
§100,000;
For completing the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$05,000;
For completing the custom-house at Cincinnati, Ohio,
$40,000;
For completing the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $40,000;
For completing the custom-house at Bangor, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine,
$20,000;
For completing the custom-house at Wilmington, Dela-
ware, $12,000; and
For purchasing a site for a custom-house at Providence,
Rhode Island, $.^4,000.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Does not the twenty-second
amendment also embrace the appropriations for the
custom-houses at Richmond and New Orleans?
The SPEAKER. It does not. These custom-
houses are provided for by separate amendments.
Mr. LILLY. Does the amendment embrace
appropriations for the marine hospitals?
The SPEAKER, ft does not. Appropriations
for the marine hospitals are also provided for by
separate amendment.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Motions
were made to reconsider the votes by which the
amendments appropriating for the custom-houses
referred to by the gentleman from Alabama were
adopted, and these motions to reconsider/were
laid upon the table; therefore, it is not now in order
to again reconsider.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I call to order. I insist
that the call for the previous question is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. Interrogatory is in the na-
ture of debate, and objection being made, the
Chair must restrain gentlemen from further ques-
tioning.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The record of the
House will show whether the motions to recon-
sider the amendments for the Richmond and New
Orleans custom-houses were laid upon the table
or not.
The SPEAKER. Then it is for gentlemen v/ho
wish the information to look to the icemd.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. PRESTON. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 84, nays (i8; as follows:
YKAS—Messrs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Barksdale, Hell, Bocock, Boyce, Bridges, Brooks, Chas
tmn, Churehwell, Clmgmnn, Cobb, Curtis, Cutting, John
U. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Kddy, Edrnundson, Kughsh,
Faulkner,Goode, Green, Greenwood,Giow, Wiley P. Har-
ris, Hastings, Hendricks, Hillyer, Houston, Ingeisoll, Dan-
iel T. Jones, George W. .Tone**, Roland Joney, Kittredgo,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, McCulloch, MeMullin, McNatr,
MeUueen, Maxwell, Millson, Morrison, Mtnray, Nichols,
Noble, Olds, Oir, Bishop Perkins, John Poikms, Phelps,
Powell, Pratt, Puryear, Ready, Riehaxison, Thomas
llttchey, Ruiiin, Seward, Seymour, Shaw. Shower, Single-
ton, Sannu'l A. Smith, William Smith, William K. Smith,
Groige W. Smyth, Richard H. Stanton, lienor L. Stevens,
Stratton, David Smart, John J. Tayioi. Nathaniel G. Tay-
loi, Tiout, Vail, Van-Mint, Walker, VVaWi, We^tbrook,
Wheeler, and Darnel B. Wiight—-84.
iVAYS—Mesj-rs. Aberoombie, Banks, Bennett, Benson,
Iihss, Bus:!, Caipeliter, ('arutiters, (,'askie, Chandler,Clark,
Corwm, CiiIIdid, Thonia.-. Davi-*, DeWitt, Dick, Disney,
Lastm.m, Kdin.nuK, Hvurhart, Fat ley, Fenton, Flakier,
Florence, Franklin, Fuller, Giridinus, Anion Harlan, Har-
rison, Haven, Henn, Hill, Howe, Johnson, Kidwell,Knox,
Latham, Lindley. Mace, MatteMm, Mayall, Muldlesvvarth,
John G. Miller, Moi«an,Mordeeai Ohvor,Patker, Phillips,
Picston, Kiddle, David ilitclue, Rogers, Russell, Sabin,
Sapp, Gerrit Smith,Frederick P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Tlmiston, Upham, Wade, Waibruige,
Walley, iCIIihu B Wa^hburne, Israel Washburn, John
Wentworth, Yates, and Zolhcotter—(>8.
So the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the twenty-second amendment was adopted was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
twenty-second amendment.
Mr. ORR. 1 demand the previous question.
Mr. .SEWARD. Is it in order to move to re-
commit the bill ?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to make
that motion, provided the demand for the previous
question be not sustained; in other words, the bill
is m a condition to be recommitted.
Mr. SEWARD. Does not the motion to re-
commit take precedence of the demand for the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
i! Mr. WALSH. Will the demand for the pre-
!j vious question cut otf other motions to recon-
\'\ sider?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question is
sustained, it will extend to the third reading of
the bill, and cutoff other amendments.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from South Carolina to withdraw his demand for
the previous question, so that I may be enabled
to make a very few remarks; and I promise not
to exceed three minutes. I should like to put
the House in possession of the reasons why I
desire 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is not in order, as the demand for the pre-
vious question is not withdrawn. The Chair will
state for the information of the House, that if the
previous question be seconded, and the main ques-
tion ordered to be put, the vote will be first taken
on the adoption of the amendment, the reconsid-
eration of the vote by which it was adopted having
been this moment ordered; and then on ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then can other
amendments be leconsidered ?
The SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. SMITH. Can other distinct propositions
be considered ?
The SPEAKER. They cannot.
Mr. WALSH. What will be the condition of
the appropriations for marine hospitals?
The SPEAKER. The Chair again states that
the previous question will cover the amendment
now pending, and also the ordering of the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. DAVES, of Rhode Island. I desire to ask
a question of the Chair. Are there any appropria-
tions for custom-houses in this bill now, or are
they all stricken out?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that there
are appropriations for one or two custom-houses
still m the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I must confess that
I do not yet distinctly understand the Chair.
[Cries of 1( Question " Question
Mr, SMITH. I understand that the proposi-
tion is  *
[Continued cries of " Gtuestion !" " Ques-
tion 1"]
The SPEAKER. It is the duty of the Chair
to explain to the body the information asked by
the gentleman from Virginia. If the main ques-
tion be ordered, the Hou^e will be brought to
vote, first on the pending amendment, and then
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time, and it will completely cut off any other
amendment.
Mr. SMITH. Then I will vote against order-
ing the main question.
The SPEAKER. It has been the practice of
the House to reconsider votes taken under the
operation of the previous question. But that has
already been done. It was done during yester-
day. The House has reconsidered the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading.
Again, it has reconsidered the vote on which one
of the amendments of yesterday was adopted.
Now, if the demand f<?r the previous question be
sustained, it brings the House to vote on the pend-
ing amendment, and then upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time; and it will,
under the circumstances, in the opinion of the
Chair, cut off all amendments in the nature of a
reconsideration.
Mr. BOCOCK. I would like to make a sug-
gestion, if the gentfeman choose to take it.
[Interruption, and cries of "Question 1" "Ques-
tion !"]
Mr. BOCOCK. In view of the condition of
things, I wish tu make a suggestion which gen-
tlemen may consider. If we cannot call for the
previous question now, we cannot call for it at all;
and therefore this subject would be left open to
debate as long as gentlemen might choose to
debate it.
Mr. PRESTON. I call the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] be heard ?
Mr. WALSH, I object.
The question now being on seconding the de-
mand for the previous question,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers v/ere ordered.
Mr. .DENT. I simply desire to ask a question
for the purpose of getting information. If th-e
