1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1635
call for the previous question be sustained, will
the bill have to be voted upon as it now stands ?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. DENT. And if the previous question be
not sustained 
The SPEAKER. The bill will then be open
for amendments or recommittal.
Messrs. Pratt and Richardson were then ap-
pointed tellers.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 69, noes 73.  
So the previous question was not seconded, i
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, if the House
will give me their attention for a short time, I
-will repay them by being very brief in what lam
about to say. I intend my remarks shall be di-
rected upon the subject of the custom-houses
provided for in this bill. I will not turn aside to
notice anything: else; for my friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] in his motion and remarks,
seems to be reaching after them alone. I have
been somewhat intimately connected, too, with
these houses from the commencement of the ses-
sion; and I desire, incidentally, to speak of that
connection, and of some of the reasons which
have influenced my votes in reference to them.
These custom-houses were reported in the de-
ficiency bill early in the session, in sundry very
brief clauses, each commencing " to complete,"
ort "to enable the Secretary to complete S' them,
and then enumerating them, and setting down the
amount for each.
The House will do me the justice to remember
that I opposed the appropriations m that form,
and have ever since opposed them in that form;
an<V 1 can assure gentlemen I ever will oppose
them when they come in that form, because it
leaves the whole subject under the unlimited con-
trol of individuals who have the expenditure of
the moneys. I do not wish to speak harshly, but
it leaves in the hands of Secretaries, and their
agents and employees, the whole unlimited sub-
ject, without check or control on our part. It is
incautious, improper, wild, and unregulated legis-
lation, in my opinion, and has not yet, and never
shall, receive my sanction. This House has uni-
formly been misled and deceived under that kind
of legislation; and I told it so when this subject
was first up this session. But, sir, I then de-
clared my readinessrHo vote sufficient sums to
complete these Houses, if the Secretary could be
properly restricted, and the public interests suffi-
ciently guarded by proper, discreet, and stringent
limitations and restiictions, to be enacted with the
appropriations.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is mistaken
as to matter of fact. These custom-houses were
not reported in the deficiency bill. They were
left out of that bill by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, I accept the cor-
rection of my friend from Alabama, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means; but these
custom-houses have been up in so many shapes,
and the subject turned over in such a variety of
ways, that he will excuse me if I do not state the
precise form in which these appropriations first
made their appearance in this Hall. It is true,
as the gentleman states, that the Committee of
Ways and Means did report against placing these
appropriations in the deficiency bill. I voted
against inserting them in that bill in the language
I have described, because, in that loose form, I
thought in the hands of whoever might, for the
time being, be Secretary of the Treasury, it would
give him that wild, unregulated, and improper dis-
cretion that I have mentioned, by which the money
might be expended without limitation or restric-
tion, and whether it accomplished or completed
the object intended or not.
But by way of justifying my course, then, be-
fore the House and the country, and reconciling it
with my course on this bill, if any justification or
reconciliation be needed, I ask leave to say, that
as soon as the deficiency bill was defeated—and as
alleged, on account of custom-house appropria-
tions being in it—with my own hands, and exer-
cising my own judgment only, 1 drew up a bill,
which was adopted and reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, containing what I be-
lieved to be wise, salutary, and proper restrictions
upon the expenditure of these moneys by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I thought they were
wise, salutary, and proper restrictions then. I
think so now, and t have voted for these appro-
priations in this bill, because they are accom-
panied by, and made subject to, all the restric-
tions and limitations I have referred to; the dis-
cretion of the Secretary is properly and cautiously
confined; and because, further, with these restric-
tions and limitations, they have had the double
sanction of this House, once in Committee of the
Whole, after very full debate, and again by yeas
and nays yesterday. So, Mr. Speaker, it will be
observed I have refused to let the Secretary con-
trol us in this behalf; and I have voted against
these appropriations, without careful and salutary
guards, plainly expressed, being thrown around
the expenditure; and I have since voted, and shall
probably vote again, for them, carefully guarded,
and withdrawn from an unregulated discretion,
and kept within the reach and control of this
House, whose duty it is to look with great cau-
tion-mto all expenditures of the public moneys.
Now, Mr. Speaker, so much at present for my
own position in refeience to this matter; and let
me stop here and say, that I desire to make no
war upon this bill, or upon the Administration
members of this House in reference to it. 1 think
it is a liberal bill; perhaps Jt goes up to the verge
of liberality. But, sir, in my judgment, it is not
i an extravagant bill. It conuuns many items that
! I should much prefer were not in it; but I voted
I for it yesterday when on its third reading, with
, these custom-house appropriations, accompanied
! by the limitations and restrictions I have meu-
j tioned, in it. And I shall vote for it again, with-
! out those appropriations m it, if the good sense
j and discretion of the House shall decide to with-
1 hold them. Sir, I am but one among a large mim-
| ber of honorable gentlemen here, all of whose dis-
! cretions and judgments are, at least, entitled to
; equal weight with mine in this regard. It is not
; for me to attempt to embarrass or clog the opera-
j tions of the Government, unless I find it engaged
I in what 1 regard as a violation of its proper or
I constitutional duty. It neither suits my taste, nor
I does it comport with what { regard as the fair
discharge of my duties here. Nor will I attempt
! any child's play, Mr. Speaker, in reference to this
j bill, by voting one way upon it to-day and another
• way to-morrow. I will not give a vote upon it to-
! day totally inconsistent with the one 1 gave yester-
! day. 1 leave that, sir, forothergentlemen who see
| fit to engage in it, premising only, that if they feel
| they have voted wrong, it is never unwise to cor-
rect it when an opportunity offers.
Now, sir, to another thing. The only objection
I have heaid to-day to these custom-house appro-
priations, accompanied as they are by my limita-
tions and restrictions, is, that they are not now m
the right btll—they do not come in in the right
place. This is the point to the objection of my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr.] Sir, let
me ask the gentleman, and others here of his way
of thinking, to look back through our statutes,
and over our appropriation bills, since the first
custom-house was ever built by this Government,
and point me to a solitary case of an appropria-
tion for such a purpose that was not contained in
a general appropriation bill of this kind ? Sir,
they would not find one—not one—at least, in my
searches after truth in that direction, I have failed
to hit upon such a case, it makes no difference,
in point of principle, in what bill they are placed;
the question is, ought the appropriations to be
'made? and if they ought to 'be, place them in
what bill you please, so that you limit, restrict,
and control them in a proper, discreet, and wise
manner. 1 voted against them in the deficiency
bill for want of such limitation, restraint, and
control; and I then advised the House that, under
the circumstances of the case, I would vote for
them if so limited, restricted, and controlled. It
is quite immaterial to me m what bill they are
placed, so be that the public good require them to
be in any bill at all. I think it very well, and
quite discreet, to keep them in a separate bill, but
1 do not regard it as indispensable, more especially
as a separate bill could not now be passed this
session; and they must be placed here, or not
passed at all.
Nov/, sir, I cannot avoid saying to my friend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] who, in his re-
marks this morning, stated that this bill was an
improper one in which to make these appropria-
tions, and who, rather by implication, censured
me, and those gentlemen who voted with me, for
placing them in it, that when he undertakes to
censure us for that, he censures every Congress
who has provided means for a custom-house from
the commencement of this Government down.
Nay, sir, he censures himself, if he has ever voted
for a civil and diplomatic bill since he has been
here. Of course, Mr. Shaker, 1 say this in no
offensive sense. #•
Now, Mr. Speaker, as to another part of this
subject, 1 beg the House to bear with me while I
speak of that. As an original proposition—as a
new question—I should,by no means, vote for all
of these custom houses. I should, as a new and
original question, deem it unwise, indiscreet, im-
: proper, and ill advised. Some of them, in my
i opinion, are not very much needed, and ought
; never to have been commenced. Some of them
; are in the wrong localities, and could very well be
• dispensed with. But, Mr. Speaker, whilst that is
I my opinion m lefeience to some of these atruc-
i tuies, I can but remember, and I ask the House
1 to remember, that this is not a case of inception
! of legislation; this is not an original, a first action
' of Congress on the subject; it is only following
, up—completing the business that has been begun
! by previous Congresses, and under previous
legislation. The only question for us now is,
whether, inasmuch as these works have been en-
tered upon and been mostly completed under pre-
vious legislation, we shall, like a prudent proprie-
tor, and a thorough business man, complete them
1 properly; or, like a good for nothing,slack,lazy,
shif'less, and inefficient individual, whose business
! is always down at the heel, and something like a
ravelled-out old stocking, let these edifices go into
■ dilapidation and decay? Whether we shall let the
I results of former appropriations for these subjects
; go into dilapidation and decay, waste away under
i the slow but sure operations of the weather, and
« what we have already done become useless, or
. shall we make these additional appropriations
and finish them up in a thorough, workmanlike,
and business manner?
Mr. COBB. With thegentleman's permission
I would make a single remark. On the Calendar
I find as the thirtieth bill, one embracing appro-
priations for the construction and completion of all
these custom-houses. Now, while voting against
these appropriations en masse as an amendment to
this bill, and intending to do so hereafter, yet I
am willing to vote for them when they properly
come up, and are presented to us, each on its own
1 merits. I have voted against these appropriations
combined, and I shall continue to do so. Com-
bined in an amendment to the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill, T shall vote against them.
! Here on the Calendar, thirty down, stands a
, general bill for the completion and construction of
! custom-houses and marine hospitals; and why not
wait until we reach it?
| Mr. HAVEN. The suggestion of the gentle-
! man from Alabama shows him in a hopeful con-
! dition. He has got half right already; he is now
1 on the right road, and I am not without hope that,
! before we reach a vote on this question, he will
!; right up altogether. I see he goes for the bill with
j my limitations and restrictions in it. He, like
, myself, is opposed to placing these moneys under
ji a kind of wild and unregulated discretion. Yet
j he is in favor of finishing up these works, and
I saving them from dilapidation and decay, like a
| prudent proprietor. So far so good. He knows,
] as we all know, that unless this is done now, and
ji in this bill, it cannot be done this session. His
: great experience and good sense tells him all of
; that. And now that his discriminating mind is at
i work upon this subject, I have great hope—founded
i' on his uniform propriety and appreciation of the
'' fitness of things—that he will vote for closing at
l' once, and forever, this vexed and uncomfortable
i question, and for keeping this Government from
I becoming a by-word and a reproach on account
' of its unfinished edifices, and its fickle and childish
II course of legislation.
j' I come back, sir, to the true point. Whilst I
i frankly confess I believe, as an original question,
;i these appropriations would be, in some cases, un-
j! wise and indiscreet, still, that is not the ques-
i| tion; that is not the point that presses upon us
j, most closely now. The true question is, having
|| entered upon the work, shall we finish it? I asS
j; this question here again, wholly irrespective of
j' the recommendations of the Secretary of the
(: Treasury.
