1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1637
lini [Mr. Oku] would not withdraw Ins call for
the previous question at my request a few moments
ago 
The SPEAKER, (to Mr. Our.) The gentle-
man from New York insists on las right to the
floor.
Mr. HAVEN. Well, let the gentleman from
South Carolina go on a little longer. I always
am pleased to hear him.
Mr. ORR. I desire my honorable friend from
New York to answer in candor whether it is just
and proper for gentlemen here to vote these cus-
tom-house items in the bill, making it obnoxious
to many gentlemen here, and, when they have thus
crammed the bill, desert their own bantling in its
Jast struggle, and vote against it on its passage?
Is not such a policy disingenuous ? If gentlemen
will pat in these items, they should feel bound to
vote for the bill, and not against it, as many of
them did on yesterday Many of the gentleman's
political friends yesterday voted for the custom-
houses, and then refused to sustain the bill, at-
tempting thereby to make the bill odious by their
votes on amendments, and then throwing the re-
sponsibility on the Democrats of sustaining the
bill made thus odious by their votes, or of leject-
ing it, and stopping the wheels of Government.
My friend from New York, however, is, 1 am
happy to say, not withm thatnumber—first voting
on the amendments, and for the bill on its final
passage.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, certainly, when
I yield the floor to my friend from South Carolina,
who has just taken his seat, I do so to the serious
injury of my own interest. 1 have always listened
of the custom-house"—for that is the language of
this bill m reverence to it—sunply " continuing the
construction of this custom-house," we have here an
appropriation of $273,000 for this year alone.
Why, sir, there are some places besides those
upon the Atlantic coast which have some connec-
tion with foreign countries! The little port of Buf-
falo, where ! live, which is obliged to do its custom-
house business, I had almost said, in a shed, has
more arrivals of vessels directly from a foreign
country in one year than the port of Charleston
has in two, and more foreign tonnage also. And
let me tell my friend, that the commerce of that
little port alone is more than equal to one half the
amount of the entire foreign commerce oT this
entire country. Sir, I speak advisedly, and not at
random, I believe; and yet we aie " whistled down
the wind1' when we of The North and Northwest
ask some of these petty accommodations to do
the business of this Government m; and weave
told our business is to collect the money for this
Government in the best way we can, and to keep
our papers, documents, and important lecords
safe and dry in a slab shed, or else let them perish;
but let the Atlantic coast and the Gulf have cus-
tom-houses, safe, roomy, elegant—magmjiccnl, is
my friend's word to describe it—though it be at
the cost of these immense sums a year which I
have read from this bill. Sir, I do not complain
at these appropriations; on the contrary, ! have
given them my vote.
Mr. OUR. Were there any appropriations in
the bill for lake custom-houses?
Mr. HAVEN. My friend puts a very perti-
nent question. There are not, that 1 am aware of;
but there ought to be.
Mr. ORR. Where, then,is the necessity of the
comparison which the gentleman has made be-
I tween Buffalo and other places ?
| Mr. HAVEN. The gemieman shall see the
pertinency, if not the necessity, of the com-
parison.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman will perceive a very
great difference between places inland, and places
at which vessels arrivefrom foreign ports, without
breaking bulk.
Mr. HAVEN. I suppose, sir, that the Com-
mittee on Commerce, or whatever committee ap-
pioved originally of these custom-house grants
and appropriations of which we are speaking, in
this bill, selected the places for them that, in their
judgment, had the greatest need of such accommo-
dations; and if acting correctly on that rule, Buf-
falo has been so far neglected, with her pressing
wanfs, as I have described them, what can my
friend say of the necessity of these accommoda-
tions in places selected by leasou of their gieat
and more pressing necessities ?
But, sir, my friend is always so very seductive
in his arguments that I follow him wherever he
leads. i would like, however, to have him square
The gentleman knows that j1 his last suggestion with the case of the custom-
foreign country, biingins housf of our mutual friend from Alabama, [Mr.
- ~ ' ' ' Phillips.] His is a custom-house upon the At-
lantic coast, or upon the Gulf at Mobile, and
which does more business, I fancy, than the
custom-house at Charleston. Why is my friend
from South Carolina down upon that? I can
speak for the Atlantic coast, I tiust, as well as for
the northern lakes and western rivers. And I
plead as readily for this house for the gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] as 1 do for the great
Northwest.
By some kind of machinery—I leave it for this
House to determine what—we voted into this very
bill yesterday a large appropriation for completing
the custom-house at Richmond. 1 voted lor that,
too, because it has been commenced, and must be
finished or abandoned. I ask my friend from
South Carolina how he can tolerate that measure
in this bill? Is it because that is upon the Atlantic
coast?
Mr. ORR. Vessels unload at Richmond with-
out breaking hulk or opening their hatches.
Mr. HAVEN. How far is it from the sea?
Mr. ORR. 1 do notknow; perhaps fifty miles.
Vessels arrive there without breaking bulk, and
without taking up their hatches; and tiie question
of distance is, theicfore, unimportant.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Wpenker, I defer to my
friend's Kiipenor knowledge of urography, as well
as of custom-houses on the Atlantic coast; but I
am of the opinion the gentleman may follow the
water down from Richmond over one hundred
to him with great pleasure, even when I know he
is turning my positions; and I desire him to under-
stand that when I hesitate to yield him the floor
to speak against me, and for his section of the
country, I do so only because of the fact that
what he thus puts into my remarks makes such
an unfavorable contrast for me, and what I say
each side of him, that it always makes me regret
my want of ability. He makes myspeech nothing
but a rough box, in which he incloses his jewels.
But, sir, enough of this.
My friend from South Carolina now tells us
that the great difference between the necessity and
propriety of custom-houses at New Oileans and
at Charleston, and those for Cincinnati and St.
Louis, is,that theformerare ontheGulfof Mex-
ico and the Atlantic coast.
Ay, Mr. Speaker, that is the reason why. It
has come out at last; for, " out of the abundance
of the heart the mouth speaketh." 1 feared some
such disclosure. I should, perhaps, better say I
expected it. Sir, my State is washed by the At-
lantic, too; but that fact, I hope, makes no differ-
ence with me.
Mr. ORR, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
from New York will allow me, I will explain, in
justice to myself.
every vessel from ^ _
goods for consumption to St. Louis, Cincinnati,
and Louisville, must break bulk and be reshipped;
for vesse's from foreign ports do not ascend the
Mississippi as high up as either of these places.
He knows that nearly all the trouble and labor
grows up out of the importation, examining the
invoices, assessing duties, the taking of bonds for
payment of duty, in delivering of goods in the
interior, all which has to be attended to at the
custom-house upon the sea-coast. All of them,
I admit, are upon too magnificent a scale; more
so than they ought to be.
Mr. HAVEN. The statement as to the mode
of doing business at the river ports is familiar to
me and to the House, and the only embarrass-
ment I feel in commenting on my friend's state-
ments, is, that, in doing so, I touch upon an old
and trite subject, which the House knows all
about,and with which Iknowl shall weaiy them.
The gentleman's remarks are quite true in ref-
erence to some of those places along the Missis-
sippi. I do not institute any comparison; I did
not intend to do so; but if my friend forces it upon
me, he will excuse me for an inference unfavorable
to his argument. I believe the gentleman will find
that the money collected for duties at St. Louis,
after vessels have passed by all the custom-houses
upon the Mississippi below, swells up to an
amount, each year, in the aggregate nearly as
large, if not larger, than that collected at Charles-
ton, where, for simply " continuing the construction
miles, and still not reach the-Atlantic ocean. But,
no matter, Mr. Speaker; the point I started upon
originally, and the one which was then at issue
between myself and my friend from South Caro-
lina, was not whether these appropriations were
or were not necessary, as an original question.
But the point he made, and on which I took issue,
was whether these appropriations—concedingthem,
for the sake of the argument, to be proper—are
admissible in this bill, or whether they shall be
turned over to await the slow progress of another
bill, in this sultry weather. My friend has led
me off very aitfully from this point, the true one
he mode originally, and 1 have allowed myself to
follow him to other and different issues entirely,
it has been his practice, this morning, w|i«f] he
found the point taken by himself to be indefensi-
ble, to lead me astray upon something else that
offered him a better ground of defense.
But now I come back to the point at which I
started. The question is: Is this a proper place,
or rather an admissible place, to insert these ap-
propriations'
It is not for me to say, under all the circum-
stances which surround these appropriations,
whether they are necessary to complete these
houses or not. I will not argue that question
this morning. I will, for the present, at least,
lea\e that to the honor and the word of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and shall, for my pur-
poses, rely upon that until it is impeached, or. I
can perceive some ground to suspect him of being
false to his great public trust. His statement that
they are necessary is quite competent evidence for
me, and quite sufficient, unless some gentleman
' here or elsewhere will gainsay it, or at least
I bieathean imputation against it. I repeat, the
question between us, and the only one I will
argue now, is, whether it is allowable, customary,
or proper, to make these appropriations m this
bill, 'the Committee of Ways and Means have
found a place here in this bill for tl  Atlantic ami
Gulf custom-houses; and this House, without a
word of objection or opposition, have allowed
them to remain there. And this House has voted
ill the appropriations for Richmond. Why, sir,
: is not this bill as fitting a place for these custom-
houses, for which I speak, as it is for the salt water
ones' And 1 repeat, that, if you will go back,
you will find [that every appropriation that has
ever been made for a similar object has been made
in a general appropriation bill, and not in a spe-
cific bill. It is true, a bill providing specifically
for these houses, and their completion, has been
drawn by me, and reported, as I have already
stated, during the present session; but any one,
who knows anything about the machinery of this
lluuee, knows that it is impossible to get sepa-
rate action this year upon that separate bill. It
was not for any reason such as that which in-
duced me to opuose these custom-house appro-
priations in the deficiency bill. It was for want
of these restrictions to accompany them. But no
such objection rests upon them in this bill. I
myself drew these restrictions, limitations, condi-
tions, and guards, and drew them so that the
j Secretary of the Treasury could not overstep their
limits and boundaries in the exercise of any>
claimed or assumed prerogative of his, without
having the law staring him directly and squarely
in the face, arid so that, if he should overstep
! them, he could not have the plea of ignorance or
i uncertainty m the line of his duty in this regard,
! should he be brought to trial on an. impeachment
! for violating its plain and obvious prtMsions. That
' is the proper ground on which, in my judgment,
i to place these matteis; and with it I was willing
then, and am willing now, to have them placed
: in this appropriation bill. I would not have voted
for some of these as original propositions; but
! having been commenced, I do not think we should
1 abandon them; it seems to me very bad hus-
■ bandry. Sir, 1 do not understand how it is that
economical gentlemen can blindly, and, on a ver-
dant faith, vote for millions to acquiie foreign ter-
: ritorv, bairen rocks, and impassable deserts from
i Mexico, outside of this Republic, and jet find
' such unconquerable find stubborn scruples against
j voting this poor pittuncc for the benefit "f the
J commercial and domestic interests of these United
j States. How can these things! be, and not excite
I our special \vnn.lerr
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I want to make a sugges-
tion to the gentleman from New York, and to the
