1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
well the trouble that'the Doorkeeper of theHousa
has had in reference to questions growing out oj
claims to the privilege of the Hall by persons not
members of Congress.
Mr. EWING. I submit the motion, that the
register alluded to by the Speaker, be ordered to
be kept by the Doorkeeper.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the pro-
posed register will not at all vary the rules of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It will not vary the rules in
the slightest degree.
Mr. HOUSTON". Itissimply,as Iunderstand,
a means designed for the purpose of enforcing
those rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair had no doubt at
all that the power was in his hand to direct as
he has done; but as it has been questioned, he
would be pleased to have the sense of the House
on the subject.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Ewing, and it was agreed to.
REPORT OF THE COMMISSIONER OF THE
GENERAL LAND OFFICE.
Mr. RUSSELL from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom the subject was referred, reported
the following resolution:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, with the ac-
companying documents, be printed for the use of said office.
The resolution was adopted.
ELIJAH BEEBEE.
Mr. EASTMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of the
widow and heirs of Elijah Beebee; which was
read by its title, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, made the order of the day for to-
morrow, and ordered to be printed.
NEW STEAM FRIGATES.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the construc-
tion of six first-class steam frigates, and for other
purposes; which was read by its title, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
FAILURE OF STEAM FRIGATES.
Mr. BOCOCK. I have in my hand a report of
certain officers appointed by the Secretary of the
Navy, to investigate the causes of the failure of
certain steam frigates. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, before whom the information has been
laid, have considered it of sufficient importance to
authorize the printing of the same for the use of
the House, in order that they may know, when
that subject shall come up for their investigation,
the causes of such failure. By instruction of the
committee, I therefore move that the report be
printed. '
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
ISAAC. T. SIMONTON.
Mr. MACE, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of the legal represent-
atives of Isaac T. Simonton, deceased; which
was read by its title, and referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, made the order of the day
for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
MADISON PARDON.
Also, a bill for the relief of Madison Pardon;
which was read by its title, referred to a Com- :
mittee of the Whole House, made the order of!
the day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed. .
THOMAS B. KING. i
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was !
Ordered, That the Committee on Commerce he dis 1
charged from the fiuther consideration of the petition and i
papers of Thomas B. King, and that the same be referred
to the Committee on Claims. ,
On motion by Mr. FULLER, it was
Ordered, That the same committee be discharged fiom the
furthei consideration of the meiuoiial of bimdry citizens of
the State of New York, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CHAIRMAN OF THE LIBRARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BENTON. I have to give the same inform-
ation, with respect to the Library Committee,
that I had with respect to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. Being the first named as chairman
of the Library Committee, the members of that
committee have been kind enough to release me
from the duties of chairman, although I still re-
main a member of the committee, and elected Mr.
Chandler, of Pennsylvania, in my place.
PURCHASE OF MOUNT VERNON.
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
is the motion to lay upon the table the resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior, (pro-
vided first he obtain the consent of the State of
Virginia,) to contract with the proprietor or pro-
prietors for the purchase of the estate of Mount
Vernon.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Were the yeas and
nays ordered upon the motion ?
The SPEAKER. They were not.
Mr. BAYLY. Then I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask my friend from Vir-
ginia if he will not withdraw his demand for the
yeas and nays, and then let us, by common con-
sent, send this subject to a committee, so that they
may bring in a bill ?
Mr. BAYLY. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I am willing to oblige the gentleman; but I want
to kill this thing in the most emphatic manner
possible.
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask my friend from Virginia j
to withdraw his motion for a moment, to allow j
meto^make a short statement, which I am author- i
ized to make by the proprietor of the estate of s
Mount Vernon. I
Mr. BAYLY. No, sir. ;
The question was then taken on laying the !
resolution upon the table; and there were—yeas ,
88, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey, •
Thomas II. Baylv, Haiksdale, Bairy, Belcher, Benton, !
Tioeock, Boyce, Breckiiiud^e, Brooks, Lewis D. Camp- |
bell, Chamberlain, Chngman, Cobb, Cox. Oiatire, Daw-son,
Dean, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Edgerton, Evvmg, Ful-
ler, Gamble, Giddinus, Goode, Green, Grow, Sampson VV.
Hams, Wiley I'. Harris, lla^timjs, Henn, Ilihb.od, Hous-
ton, Johnson, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Kid-
well, ICittredge, Lamb, Latham, Letcher, Lindsley, Mac-
donald, McMultin, McQueen, Mace, IVIacy, Maxwell,
Mayall, Morrison, Murray, Nichols, On, Packer, J'eck-
ham, Bishop Peikin«, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Richardson,
Riddle, Thomas ltitchey, Iluflin, Sapp, Seymour, Shaw,
Singleton, Skelton, Genit Smith, SamueJ A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Stanton,
Stratton. Siraub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J.
Taylor, Vansant, Wade, Walsh, Witie, Daniel B. Wright,
and Hcmhick B. Wright--88.
NAYS.—Messrs. Abeiciombie, Aiken, Willis Allen,
Appleton,Ball, Benson, Bugg, Carpenter,Chandler,Chase,
Chastain, Chrisman, Claik. Cook, Corwin, Crocker, Cul-
lom, Curtis, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dent. l)ick, Drum,
Eddy, Edmands, Ellison, English, Etheridgc, Everhart,
Farley, Fenton, Flaglei, Florence, Fiankhn, Gieenwood,
Aaron llarlan, flariibon, Haven, Hendricks Hill, Howe,
Hughes, Hunt, Knox, Kurtz, Lane, Lilly, Lindley,
McCulloch, Meaeham, Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Millei, Morgan, Noble, Noiton, Andrew Oliver,
Parker, Peck, John Perkins, Prmule, Purycar, Ready,
David Ritchie, Rogers, Russell, Sabm, Sage, Seward,
Simmons, Sollers, He-tor L. Steven*, John L. Taylor,
Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Vail, Walhridire. Walker, Warren, ]
Elhhu B. Washhurne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Tappan
Wentworth, Wheeler, and Zolljcollei.—85.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the announcement of the vote—
Mr STRAUB said: I understand the object of
this resolution is for the purpose of assisting a
few individuals m a speculative way; but for pa-
triotic purposes, I vote aye.
Mr. PENNINGTON. If I had been in the (
bar when my name was called, I should have j
voted aye.
Mr. KIDWELL. If I had been in the bar
when my name was called, I should have voted
aye.
Mr. BAYLY. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid on the table, and
to lay that motion upon the table.
; Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Upon that mo-
j tion I demand the yeas and nays,
j Mr. BAYLY. I withdraw my motion,
j Mr. CAMPBELL. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] having voted in the majority,
moves to reconsider the vote by which the reso-
lution was laid upon the table.
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay that motion upon
the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeavS and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken, and the result was—
yeas 97, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ashe, David J. Bailey,
Thos. H. Bayly, Baiksdaie, Barry, Belcher, Benton, Bissell,
Bocock, Boyce, Brooks, Caskie, Chamberlain, Chrisman,
Churchvvell,Chngman, Cobb, Cox,Craige, Dawson, Deau,
Dickinson, Disney, Dowdell, Dunbar, Dunham, Eastman,
Edgarton, Edmund«*on, Ewing, Faulkner, Fuller, Gamble,
Giddings, Goode, Green, Grow, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley
P. Harris, Henn, Hibbard, Houston, Johnson, Daniel T.
Jones, George W. Jones, Kent, KidwelI,Kittredge, Lamb,
Latham, Letcher, Lindsley, Macdonald, McMnUin,
McQueen, Mace, Macy, Maxwell, Mayall, Morrison,
Nichols, Orr, Packer, Peckham, Bishop Perkins, Phelps,
Powell, Pratt, Richardson, Thomas Ritchey, Robbins,
Rutfin, Sapp, Seymour, Shaw,. Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, George W. Smythe, Frederick?. Stanton,Stratton,
Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John J. Taylor,
Thurston, Vansant, Wade, Walker, Wallev, Walsh, Witte,
Daniel B. Wright, and Hendrick B. Wright—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Abererombie, Aiken, Willis Allen, Ap-
pleton, Ball, Benson, Bugg, LewisD. Campbell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Chase, Chastain, Clark,Cook,Corwin,Crocker,
Cullom, Cumrning, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dent, Dick,
Drum, Eddy, Edmands, Ellison, English, Erhcridge, Ever-
hart, Farley, Flagler, Florence, Franklin, Greenwood,
Aaron Hailan, Andrew J. Harlan, Harrison, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Knox, Kurtz, Lane,
Lilly, Lmdley, McCulloch,Meachain,Middleswarth, John
G. Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Noble, Norton, Parker,
Peck, Pennington, John Perkins, Pringle, I'uryear, Ready,
David Ritchie, Russell, Sabm, t*age, Seward, Simmons,
Sollers, Hustor L. Stevens, John L. Taylor, Tracy, Tjout,
Tweed, Vail, Wallmdge. Warren, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells,' Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler,
and Zolhcoffei—84.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
[Loud cries of "No, no."]
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Alabama will not insist upon his motion, but
let the States be called for resolutions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the motion will pre-
vail, and that the President's message will be taken
up and referred. It is important that it should be
referred, and that the several committees should
have the subjects contained in it to act upon.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to go into the Committee of the Wholeon the state
of the Union—ayes 64, noes 84.
CALL OF THE STATES FOR RESOLUTIONS.
The States were next called for resolutions,
commencing with the State of New York.
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM.
Mr. DEAN presented a joint resolution—pre-
vious notice having been given—of the following
title:
" Joint resolution of the thanks of Congress, and for the
presentation of a sword to Captain Duncan N. Ingraham."
Mr. DEAN. As I presume no one desires to
debate this resolution, I call the previous question
upon its passage.
[Cries of " Oh, no !"]
M r. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must inform the
gentleman from Virginia that the previous ques-
tion having been demanded cuts off all motions to
refer or to amend.
Mr. BAYLY. I am aware of that, but I hope
the House will vote down the motion for the pre-
vious question, and then I will move to refer.
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The joint resolution was read through by the
Clerk. ' It provides for presenting the thanks of
Congress to Captain Ingraham, and the officers
under his command, for their gallant conduct, on
the second day of July last, in asserting and
maintaining the rights of American citizens,
whether native or adopted, and for the presenta-
1 tion of a sword to that officer.
! Mr. DEAN. I now call the previous question
l upon the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
! resolution do lie upon the table.
! Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the resolution will
■ be allowed to go to the Committee on Foreign
i a jrq .
I Several Members. Vote down the motion to
1 lav on the table. ,
i 'Thequestion was taken, and the House refused.
I to lay the resolution upon the table.
| Mr WALSH. i appeal to my colleague from
I New York. [Mr. Dean-,] to postpone the consul-
