70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
eration of this matter for a few days, as another
colleague of mine, [Mr. Lyons,] who is exceed-
ingly desirous to take part in this little piece of
Buncombe, is now absent. He wishes to move an
addition to the resolution providing for presenting
Captain Ingraham with a medal and a pair of epau-
lets, and perhaps some other additions. [Laugh-
ter.] I hone the consideration of the matter will
be postponed until he may be here.
Mr. DEAN. As several gentlemen around me
seem desirous that this resolution should go to a
committee, I will withdraw the motion for the
previous question, and move to refer to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and upon that motion I
demand the previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Is it in order to
make remarks upon the subject of the resolution
at the present time?
The SPEAKER. Not until the motion for the
previous question is disposed of.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is that motion in order,
having just been voted down ?
The SPEAKER. It is—business having in-
tervened.
Mr. SMITH. I call the yeas and nays upon
my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to lay it upon the table.
Tne previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put; and, under
the operation thereof, the resolution was referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
MINT IN THE CITY OF NEW YORK.
Mr. TWEED, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bill; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Ways and Means:
" A bill to establish a Mint of the United States
in the city of New York."
RELATIONS WITH DENMARK.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, it was
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to the House, as far as the public
interest may permit, the *-tatc of the initiations between
this country and Denmark in relation to the imposition of
" found dues " upon our commerce to the Baltic, together
with such correspondence as may have passed between the
two nations upon that subject.
PROOFS IN PENSION CA&ES.
Mr. HUGHES offered the following joint res-
olution; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions:
"A joint resolution in relation to proofs in pen-
sion cases."
RIGHT OF CITIZENSHIP.
Mr, CHANDLER offered the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he, and
it is hereby, instructed to itiquire^hrtlier any, and if any,
what legislation is necessary to secuie the right of citizen-
ship to children born out ot the United States, whose
parents, at the time of such birth-', are citizens of the
United Statrs, and that the committee report at as early a
day as possible, by bill or otherwise.
The resolution was adopted.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW. I desire to offer a substitute for
House bill No. 37—the homestead bill—and to
have it referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and printed.
The SPEAKER. Is the bill for which the
gentleman desires to offer a substitute, before the
body in any form ?
Mr. GRO W. The hill is before the House in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. RICHARDSON. It is not before the
House.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House at this time for action.
Mr. GROW. 3 desire only to introduce the
substitute, and have it printed.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks theunanimouscousent of the House
to introduce the substitute and have it printed.
[Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. GROW. I appeal to gentlemen to allow
me to introduce the substitute, and have it printed.
Mr. SAPP. I object.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Has the gentleman from
Pennsylvania given notice of his bill?
Mr. GROW. I have.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then the gentleman has
a right to introduce the bill under that notice.
Mr. GROW. Notice has been given of this
bill, and I only ask that I may be allowed to move
it as a substitute, and that it may be referred to the
Committeeof the Wholeon the state of the Union,
and printed.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
Mr. GROW. I again appeal to the gentlemen
to withdraw their objections, and allow the sub-
stitute to be referred and printed.
Several Members. "No, no," and -"object."
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. FLORENCE. In pursuance of previous
notice, I beg leave to introduce a bill " extending
the provisions of the several laws granting
bounty land to the officers and soldiers who have
been engaged in the military service of the
United States."
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, which
is, I believe, the appropriate committee to which
to send it.
Mr. COBB. I object to that reference, and
move to refer the bill to the Committee on Public
Lands. The gentleman has already referred a
thick batch of petitions upon this subject to that
committee, and I presume that the bill ought to
have the same reference.
Mr. FLORENCE, i certainly have no ob-'
jection to the reference of the bill to the Committee
on Public Lands, although I confess I fear it is
digging a grave for it, and covering it up pretty
well; but I believe that it ought to receive, and
will receive, full and fair considemtion at the hands
of any committee of this House. 1 am sure I have
no feeling in the matter. I believe that any com-
mittee to which the bill may be referred will report
favorably upon it, and I am very willing that it
shall go to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. I am sorry that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has thought proper to predict
that the reference of his bill to the Committee on
Public Lands would be digging a grave for it, and
covering it up.
Mr. FLORENCE. I said I feared that would
be the result.
Mr. COBB. I understood the gentleman to say
that it would be so. Does not the gentleman know
that the original bounty land bill came from that
committee, that it was acted upon by that com-
mittee favorably, and reported back to the House?
What right has he then to make such an assertion
relative to the action of the committee? Why,
sir, he has ventured to refer all his petitions upon
this subject to us, thus giving us all possible light
upon it, and now he seeks to give the bill itself a I
different direction. j
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust I may be permitted i
to make a few remarks, by way of explanation. '
There is certainly a great deal of force in the 1
argument of the gentleman from Alabama. j
Mr. WHEELER. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. What is the point of order
which the gentleman desires to raise?
Mr. WHEELER. I wish to know how many
times a gentleman is allowed to speak upon one
subject?
The SPEAKER. If any other gentleman had
desired to speak the Chair would have assigned
the floor to him; hut no other gentleman rising to
speak, the Chair, in conformity with the practicc
of the House, recognized the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman wishes
to advocate the bill, I will yield him the floor for
that purpose. I have no desire to make a speech
upon the bill now. I shall probably make a
speech in favor of it when it comes before the
House for action. I merely wish to say, in
explanation, if it may be considered any apology
for the remark which I made, that I had forgotten
that the petitions upon this subject had been re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and I
was fearful that the immense amount of business
referred to that committee would prevent this bill
from receiving that consideration to which it is
entitled. I certainly did not desire nor intend, to
reflect upon the character of that committee for
integrity, candor, and industry, and I am very
willing, without detaining the House further, to
make the motion, if it has not been aheadymade,
that the proposition be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, with instructions to report
favorably upon it, if that be in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania withdraws his motion to refer to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and moves that
the proposition be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, with instructions to report favor-
ably thereon.
Several Members. Let us have the motion
without the instructions.
Mr. FLORENCE. I modify my motion so as
to strike out that portion of it in regard to instruc-
tions.
The question was then taken, and the proposi-
tion was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands. i
CREDIT TO IMPORTERS OF RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask leave to introduce
a bill entitled c< A bill to «give credit to importers
of railroad iron;" of which previous notice has
been given.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This is a subject, Mr.
Speaker, which we frequently had before the last
Congress, but which was not acted upon. 1 do
not know what is the present feeling of this
House, but I think there is a strong necessity for
the passage of such a law at this time. In the
last Congress it may, perhaps, be remembered
that the proposition failed by a single vote on one
occasion. At that time there were five members
out of the House who had promised meon the pre-
vious day that they would be present to vote for
the proposition. I only mention this fact to show
it was a mere accident that a provision similar to
the one of the bill I submit did not take effect at
the last Congress.
You will also recollect, Mr. Speaker, that during
the last Congress we allowed several companies
credit on the terms proposed in this bill; but we
did not succeed in passing any general law. It is
a simple matter, and I presume that every mem-
ber of the House has an opinion upon it now.
1 beg leave to remind gentlemen, that within
the last eighteen months there has been an enor-
mous rise in the price of railroad iron. Less than
two years ago it could be had for forty dollars per
ton in this country, after paying all the duties and
charges, and now it is worth neaily eighty dollars
per ton to the consumer here. The consequence is,
that many of the States and companies which began
to execute works with sufficient capital two years
ago, find, owing to this great rise, that it is diffi-
cult, if not impossible, for them to proceed.
I also understand, Mr. Speaker, that the money
is not needed at this time in the Treasury. We
have a large surplus on hand. Mv bill proposes
a credit of four years. In all probability at the
end of that period, the Government may need the
money very much. If the duty goes into the
Treasury now, instead of what I propose, it will
be expended before that time, when it may be
wanted.
I think therefore, as a financial measure, it
would be a wise policy to throw thereceipt of this
money four years ahead, leaving the present sur-
plus in the Treasury to be exhausted, for the con-
struction of national vessels, or for any other
purpose which the House may propose; and if it
turns out that at the end of four years, we are in-
volved in some war—and we a e getting to be a war-
like people, and need all the means we can lay our
hands upon—this money will come in very oppor-
tunely. I think it would have been well, perhaps,
for the Secretary of the Treasury to have recom-
mended this as one of the means by which to get
rid of the surplus revenue which we are now re-
ceiving from year to year. If the proposition
which he has made in his reportshould be adopted
and carried into effect, the reduction of the revenue
would not take place until a year from next Jan-
uary, and, in the mean time, there will have been
a large accumulation. I propose, then, with a view
of trying the sense of the House, to move 
Mr. SKELTON, (interrupting.) I would ask
the gentleman from North Carolina lMr. Ci,jn«-
