1638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 7,
other members of the committee. I have taken
110 part in this controversy which is going on,
and which has been so ably conducted by other
gentlemen, it will be recollected that early in
the present session, the House, on my motion,
called upon the Secretary of the Treasury for in-
formation as to all those custom-houses whose
expenditures exceeded the receipts. That docu-
ment has been furnished to the House; and if
gentlemen will look at it, they will find that there
are fifty, and probably one hundred custom-
houses, in the country, which annually cost us
more than all the revenue which is collected at
them. It seems to me that this is an evil which
should be remedied. I intended to move, and if
the gentleman from New York will allow me, I
will now move that this bill be recommitted to
the Committee of Ways and Means, with in-
structions for them to report a provision abolish-
ing all those custom-houses which, during a pe-
riod of say five years—for it would be unjust to
take a shorter period—had caused an expenditure
for the collection of customs greater than the re-
ceiptsatsufh custom-houses. You will find upon
examination that there are custom-houses where
the expenditure exceeds the receipts by more than
ten to one. This is doing a pretty business If
a business man found he was losing a thousand
dollars where he was making ten by an operation,
would not he be likely to abandon it? i propose
therefoie, that the Secretary of the Treasui y shall
ascertain, and report at the next session of Con-
gress, what custom-houses do not pay the cost of
keeping them up. Let us abolish them, and we
shall then have more money to spend for those
which it is necessary for us to maintain.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. If the gentle-
man will allow me, I will suggest to him that in
many of these places all the custom-house machi-
nery is necessary to prevent smuggling.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I have heard that objec-
tion again and again. On inquiry, I have come
to the conclusion that there is not the slightest
force in it. There is no reason on earth for
keeping up a custom-house on that account. 1
admit that there is necessity for revenue officers
at some of these points, t.o prevent smuggling.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. Will the gen-
tleman yield me the iloor for a moment to make a
suggestion ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. In a little while, when I
have got through with the point on which i now
am.
Mr. McMULLlN. Iohject. If thegentleman
yields, let him yield altogether; but in my recollec-
tion he only holds the floor by the indulgence of
the gentleman from New York.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Tt may he that custom-
house officers may be necessary at some points to
prevent smuggling. They are not necessary at
all these places. If they are, however, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury can report that fact to the
next Congress, which may determine whethei or
not it will keep up these offices there for that pur-
pose alone.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman occupying the floor, the Chair will in-
quire whether a motion has been made to recom-
mit the bill?
Mr. HAVEN. It has not been made. I do
not intend to allow it to be made while I am in
the possession of the floor.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I only suggested that, if
permitted, I would move to recommit the bill, so
that the committee might have an opportunity to
reexamine its provisions.
Mr. HAVEN. Mr. Speaker, it happens to he
my fortune to be drawn out much longer in mv
remarks than I expected, by other gentlemen
pitching in," as the phrase is, as [ go along. I
do not intend, while I have the floor, to allow a
motion to he made to recommit this bill. I intend
to ask the House, with whatever feeble influence
I have—and I knowthatitdoes not extend beyond
the length of my own arms—to vote on this amend-
ment immediately, and then to go to a vote upon
the bill itself, and have the matter disposed of
before the hour hand reaches three on the face of
the clock. There is no use in delay. Sir, this
voting and reconsidering, and voting again, in my
judgment, betrays great infirmity of purpose on
the part of honorable gentlemen here. Is it not !
a kind of child's play? I hope it will be aban- :
cloned. i
But 1 only rose for the purpose of putting my-
self right before the House and the country, and
allowing those gentlemen who have been rather
closely crowded on the subject of these custom-
houses, a slight hearing, though under most un-
promising and discouraging circumstances.
Now, i am not entirely willing to yield my as-
sent to the proposition made by the gentlemen
who claim to be so exclusively economical in ref-
erence to this subject, although i claim to be as
economical a voter as any man may well be in
prudence, and ought to be in justice on this floor.
Why should you, in all cases, and under all cir-
cumstances, abolish or refuse custom-houses,
where less revenue is collected than is paid out,
any more than you should abolish post offices
under like circumstances, any more than you
should abolish your courts and court-houses,
(wheie you have any,) or any more than you
should get lid of any other institution necessary
in the proper management of the business of the
country, and which costs money to keep it up ?
Why, sir, this is not a dollar and cent Govern-
ment entirely. 1 would be frugal, and not prodi-
gal, but I would not try and hide all the great m-
teiests, sympathies, and destinyof this country
under a coined dollar
Mr. CLINGMAN. The only object for a
custom-house, that I know of, is to get revenue.
Post offices are to enable everybody to avail them-
selves of the facilities of easy and rapid correspond-
ence through the mails, &c. As I have already
said, that, if there be any special reason for a cus-
tom-house at any one point, the Secretary of the
Treasury can report that fact to Congress at its
next session. Butgentlemen will find,on inquiry,
that there are a number of little custom-houses all
along the coast very close to large ones; that they
do no business at all, and that it would be no great
hardshipro oblige ships to go to the main houses.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 hear these explanations with
great pleasuie. Yet 1 shall not get through with
what I wish to say, if I permit further interrup-
tions; and 1 now give notice that I shall not yield
the floor again to any gentleman until I have fin-
ished.
The suggestion which has been just made, it
seems to me, will hardly "stand fire." I would ask
thegentleman [Mr. Clikgman] whether he would
have these officers removed from places which do
not amply pay? Those places would be the very
ones, after such removals, where goods would be
smuggled, and the country cheated of its reve-
nues. If you keep men at such places you must
also have conveniences for them, headquarters,
offices, ifec. Now, sir, what I was going to add,
when interrupted, and.it will finish up what I have
to say in reference to this matter, was, to ask the
gentlemen of this House to come to a vote on
these propositions. Let there be no more delay
or indecision about it. All have made up their
minds on it undoubtedly. I have made up my
own mind days ago; and, while I claim to be, and
think I am, prudent in reference to things of this
class, yet these custom-houses, having been en-
tered upon and partially completed, as I have
aheady said, 1 am wilbng to vote these appropria-
tions, less in amount than those in this bill for
New Orleans, Charleston, and Richmond. I am
willing to vote, and, for one, I will vote, to make
a finahty.of it, to close up this matter, and finish
these custom-houses according to thcrecommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury, and not
leave them to be patched and propped up against
the storm, and the important papers and records
of the country to be protected and kept dry by
the shiftless interposition of old hats and bundles
of rags in the windows of these neglected and
friendless custom-houses. Why this sensitive-
ness upon this subject on the part of honorable
gentlemen here, who vote money without stint
and without limit, " without a why or a where-
fore," in other cases, where the western and
northern commercial and domestic interests of the
country are not concerned? Can it be because
gentlemen who pretend to be friends of the Ad-
ministration are, in fact, opposed to it, that they
are unwilling to sustain the recommendations of
the Secretary of the Treasury?
I have sometimes fancied that it really might be
hostility to the Administration which created this
unaccountable hostility to the recommendations of
the Secretary of the Treasury. Upon that hy-
pothesis I can explain the action of gentlemen.
It would seem to be quite certain that this oppo-
sition to the bdl must be founded either upon some-
thing that we have put into the bill unpalatable
to gentlemen upon the other side, or upon some-
thing we have failed to put in which they desire
to see there. I cannot discover anything that we
have put into the bill to make it unacceptable, un-
less it be these custom-house appropriations, which
a majority here have voted for, at least, on four
different occasions, separately; in fact, we have
all shown an unusual attachment to these houses.
It would seem, then, that this great repugnance and
aversion to the bill must rest upon something we
have failed to put in. Nothing of that class occurs
to me, except that we refused to allow the Presi-
dent to appoint the Auxiliary Guard—the petty
police officers of the city of Washington. Sir, I
am a very liberal man, but I could hardly go to
that extreme. I am quite content that the worthy
Mayor, however elected, should appoint his own
police officers; any other course would smack too
strong in favor of the doctrine of intervention
even for me.
In conclusion, however, Mr. Speaker, allow
me to add that I hope the House, whatever vote
they may give upon these custom-houses and this
bill, will, at least, do me the justice to remember
that the stand 1 have taken on these custom-house
appropriations from the beginning, and which I
occupy now, is, that I will not vote this money,
and trust it to a loose, shiftless, and unregulated
discretion, without guard, check, limitation,or re-
striction; but with these guards, checks, limita-
tions, and restrictions, I will vote money to com-
plete what the wisdom of prior Congresses have
induced them to commence and prosecute nearly
to a completion. I am ready now to vote.
Mr. PRESTON. We who are in favor of this
amendment have received but little toleration from
the gentlemen opposed to its passage. I would
not again offer any remarks relative to the matter,
if the five minutes I asked in vain from the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Omi,] who took
the initiative this morning in reviving the bill,
had been granted to me; but, contrary to his usual
courtesy, the favor I demanded was denied. If
this amendment be reconsidered and rejected,and
the custom-houses again expunged from the bill,
this House will, for a second time, stultify itself by
retracing its course, and revoking grants for neces-
sary public works, after each item in the amend-
ment has been separately discussed, and separately
adopted.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
attributes the failure of the bill, yesterday, to the
insertion of the amendment in relation to custom-
houses. After the action of this House he has no
grounds for the assertion, and I reiterate, in no
spirit of banter, that it was one of the elements of
vitality that the bill possessed, and yet possesses.
It has been the fashion in this discussion, for some
gentlemen to leave the true issue presented for
the consideration of the body, which is simply
whether we will grant these additional sums to
render fire-proof, and properly complete, these
buildings, and denounce the original appropria-
tions made for the custom-houses in the West. I
dissent entirely from this opinion. None of these
fall within that class of custom-houses alluded to
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] who stated that some of them do not
pay the expenses of their maintenance and admin-
istration. There are some falling within this de-
scription upon the Atlantic coast, but none in the
valley of the Mississippi.
The custom-house at St. Louis, which has been
sneered at, pays into the Federal Treasury more
than §300,000 a year, and is increasing every hour
in its contributions to the revenue, and yet gen-
tlemen decry it as a western custom-house, while
they are willing to vote liberal appropriations for
those on the Atlantic coast which do not yield a
tenth of the sum. The original object of the ap-
propriations made for their construction was to
afford to the cities of the West the facilities for a
direct trade with foreign countries, and diffuse its
benefits. Many of the most eminent citizens of
South Carolina, not many years since, sought to
decentralize the vast direct trade that New York
possesses, and by opening railroads from Charles-
ton to Louisville and Cincinnati, to divert south-
ward the vast trade of the valley of the Ohio.
The endeavor was legitimate and commendable;
and why should the cities of the West be cen-
