1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sured, if from simiTar motives, they seek to estab-
lish a direct trade with, Europe and foreign coun-
tries, and ask for the requisite commercial facili-
ties ?
To illustrate the advantages of this direct trade,
I would remark that the present condition of the
trade of Si. Louis affords us an example, if we
take the duties at an average of twenty per cent.,
and estimate the profits received by the importing
merchants in the great Eastern cities at only ten
per cent., then, if St. Louis pays in round num-
bers ยง300,000 a year in tariff duties on $1,500,000
of imports, then that city escapes factorages and
the profits of importers to the amount of $150,000
per annum, and so on in proportion, as the profits
of the importer on the Atlantic are above ten
per cent. The same remarks will apply to the
trade of Pittsburg, Cincinnati, and Louisville,
and the consequence is, that a large direct foreign
trade has already been established by these
cities, and hundreds of thousands are now paid by
them annually into the Treasury of the United
States, when, five years since, they had no foreign
trade, nor did they pay any revenue to the Gov-
ernment.
I am happy to say, in this connection, that un-
less my memory deceives me, the Representatives
from New York and the eastern commercial cities,
have, with great generosity and liberality, hereto-
fore assisted the southwest in these endeavors,
while the most strenuous opposition we have en-
countered, has come from the gentlemen of the
southern Atlantic States. The most vigorous and
unrelenting adversary we have had, is my friend
from the Rockbridge district of Virginia, [Mr,
Letcher,] who represents a constituency in the
mountains, who know little of ships or steam-
boats, and for aught I know, imagine a custom-
house to be some sort of commercial monster, and
yet he lectures us in the West upon our com-
mercial interests, and opposes appropriations
necessary to our wants.
For my own part, I concur in the view of the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and
think if we do construct these custom-houses, we
should not build them so that they may burn
down, but so that they may not burndown. I do
not wish that they shall remain the perishable
monuments of an unwise parsimony, but solid,
useful, and enduring testimonials of the wisdom
and power of the Republic. The gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,] who seems governed by
an indiscriminate economy, says that if these ap-
propriations were needed to build good, sound, sub-
stantial buildings, he would vote for them, but that
he understands they were all for ornamental work.
I do not so understand the matter; as we are in-
formed by the Secretary of the Treasury that the
money is necessary for the solidity and safety of
the buildings. But even if the money is needed
for appropriate architectural ornaments, I am not
opposed to giving it. Would the gentleman hare
us absolutely reject the ornamental and the beau-
tiful in our public buildings ? Are we to have all
the walls of our public buildings destitute of all
architectural embellishment, and as plain as those
of a powder magazine?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will ask the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, if the custom-house at
Louisville is not on the corner of a square, two
sides of it fronting two streets, and the other two
sides fronting narrow alleys? I ask him if the
appropriations heretofore made for it, are not suf-
ficient to finish that building in a fire-proof man-
ner, with granite and marble fronts on the streets,
and with brick on the walls facing the alleys?
And I ask him, whether this additional appropri-
ation is not to put the same material on the walls
facing those alleys as on the walls facing the
streets ^
Mr. PRESTON. In reply to the questions of
the gentleman from Tennessee, I will say, that, as
to the custom-house at Louisville, the Secretary
of the Treasury had money enough a year ago,
in all probability, to complete the building. The
preceding Secretary [Mr. Corwin] would not close
the contracts at the last hours of his official term,
because it might have been thought that he exhib-
ited an undue anxiety in doing so. This I consid-
ered in him a commendable delicacy. He did not
act upon these contracts, although the bids for the
Louisville custom-house were in, and covered by
the appropriations, because, as I have said, it
might be considered that he had shown an im-
proper eagerness if he had accepted them at the !
last hour, before retiring from office.
The contracts not having been accepted and
closed by Mr. Corwin, Mr. Guthrie, after he en-
tered office, published new advertisements for
other proposals. The old bids were somewhere
between ยง162,000 and ยง179,000. in the interim,
the rise in the price of labor and materials, and
some additional work which was necessary to
complete the building, made the new contracts
some $40,000-, and this is the sum the Secretary
now asks. 1 cannot certainly answer the question
of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones,]
but I think he may be right. He describes the
locality of the custom-house at Louisville cor-
rectly. It stands at the corner of two streets; but
the other two sides are exposed to view; and if
the fact stated by the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Jones] is correct, that this money is needed
by the architect for the stone facing of the wall,
it undoubtedly should be granted. If only two
sides of the building are faced with stone, it would
be as absurd a botch as a linen shirt with a cot-
ton bosom. 1 have had no correspondence with
the architect, and therefore cannot answer def-
initely his inquiry. %
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) If
I mistake not, it was one of the remarks of the
present Secretary, that it looked like botch-work.
Mr. PRESTON. The idea may be the Secre-
tary's, but I claim a patent for the illustration.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. The gentleman may wear shirts
all of one piece; but if he will examine the mem-
bers of this House, he will find that most of them
wear cotton shirts with linen bosoms; and he will
find, also, that ninety-nine outof a hundred of his
constituents do the same thing. [Renewed laugh-
ter.]
Mr. PRESTON. The gentleman exactly mis-
takes. I said a linen shirt with a cotton bosom.
My illustration, my idea is, that to put such a
mean front to such a good building would be like
putting a cotton bosom to a linen shirt.
But, sir, I must be on my guard, or I will be
led off as the gentleman from New York was by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,]
by the blandishments of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee; and I must confine myself to matters rel-
evant to the amendment. I stated that the grow-
ing foreign trade of the valley of the Mississippi
required the extension of this machinery of com-
merce to that region, and that none of the custom-
houses in it fell within the animadversion of the
gentleman from North Carolina, [Mi. Clingman,]
that they were not able to pay the cost of then-
maintenance.
Mr. CLINGMAN. As my friend alludes to
this subject again, I would like to make a sugges-
tion in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ha\xn.]
Mr. PRESTON. 1 would cheerfully give way
to the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Clingman,] but I know he will excuse me until
I can olFer some remarks in addition befoie I
resume my seat. I find it very difficult, under this
. style of debate, to adhere to the subject; for no
sooner is one topic presented than some gentleman
broaches another; and no sooner do [ advance a
proposition that might possibly benefit my cause,
or trouble its adversaries, than some one of them
rises and opens some irrelevant matter to decoy
me from the place, as a partridge flutters from one
copse to another to allure the hunter from the
neighborhood of her nest.
The gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] in reply to the inquiries as to the motive
for retaining in the bill the Richmond custom-
house appropriation, while the sums given to
Mobile and the western custom-houses are ob-
jected to, says that Richmond is on the Atlantic
coast, and the others are inland; and says that
Richmond is thirty or forty miles from the sea.
This is a singular geographical mistake. Rich-
mond is more than a hundred miles from the
mouth of James river. I am not opposed to the
Richmond house, nor do I -make this allusion in
any unfriendly spirit. I have voted for the ap-
propriation to her custom-house, and would do
so again.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will allow me, I
will say that I did not vote for the Richmond
custom-house appropriation. I only apologized
for it.
Mr. PRESTON. Very well. The gentleman
did not vote for the appropriation for the custom*
house at Richmond, but he admits it to the bene-
fits of the bill from which he desires to exclude
us, and to assist the parliamentary tactics by which
he proposes to revive this bill, and make this
House to-day reject the very appropriations they
deliberately granted yesterday, and we are again
to reveise our whole action to conform to the
opinion of a part of the Committee of Ways
and Means. I shall not vote for any such course,
and I trust the House will not, unless some better
reason is assigned than we have heard.
Now, what is the fact in regard to Mobile? Is
Mobile further from the Atlantic than Richmond;
for distance from the Atlantic seems to be made
the touchstone by which these appropriations are
to be regulated ?
Mr. ORR. When I spoke of the Atlantic 1
included the Gulf. Of course the same reasoning
will apply to one that applies to the other. Ves-
sels come directly from foreign countries to ports
on both.
Mr. PRESTON. I ask the gentleman whether
he considers the commerce upon our inland seas',
as Mr. Calhoun styled the western lakes and
rivers, of sufficient importance to entitle them to
these facilities >
Mr. ORR. " Sufficient unto the day is the evil
thereof." When a question comes up which shall
make it necessary to determine whether the Mis-
sissippi river is an inland sea, I shall take great *
pleasure in answering the gentleman's question.
Mr. PRESTON. Well, sir, it comes simply
to this, that the Atlantic custom-houses are to be
put in, and the western custom-houses are "to be
put out. Notwithstanding the Administration
have recommended these appropriations, notwith-
standing the Senate have approved them by in-
serting them in the deficiency bill, notwithstanding
we have twice inserted them, once in the deficiency
bill, and once in this, by votes in the committee
and in the House upon yeas and nays, and not-
withstanding the Committee of Ways and Means
have themselves approved and recommended these
appropriations in a separate bill, yet we are still
told that it is improper to provide for these appro-
priations here, but that they should be rejected.
This, sir, has been the very bill upon which ail
appropriations for these custom-houses, and all that
have ever been erected on the Atlantic coast, were
ingrafted. There never was, in all the legislation
of the past sixty-five years, any other vehicle for
such grants. The Committee of Ways and Means,
for the first time it has ever been done, have re-
ported a separate bill, and we are ordered to wait
for that. We know, sir, we never will reach that
bill. To use the forcible illustration of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] when we
desire to provide for the completion of the west-
ern custom-houses, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means gravely informs us that
the seats are occupied, and shuffles us from place
to place like the landlord of a crowded hotel, and
! in the end we find all of the Atlantic custom-
I houses comfortably provided for, and our western
i appropriations left in the lurch,
j Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman surely would
! not put me m a false position. If he will reflect
i| for one moment, he will recollect that, in every in-
;' stance, during the present session of Congress', I
' have opposed those appropriations alone upon the
:j ground that I did not believe them to be neces-
[' sary. Tftat is the ground upon which I oppose
ij them now. I do not believe they are necessary;
I but if they are to be made, I do not care what bill
1 they are attached to. I do not care whether they
1 are made on this or any mother bill.
Mr. PRESTON. I admit that the gentleman
has been constantly opposed to these appropria-
tions, and upon thegrounds assigned by him; and
am glad to learn that he is indifferent which bill
contains the amendment, if it is determined to in-
sert it. Now I come to this point: Nobody can
doubt that there has been a feeling of dissatisfac-
tion against the Secretary of the Treasury, and
his estimates. Now, when the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] got up this morning, he
surprised me by reproaching theseventeei^^Whigs
who voted for the custon-house amendment; and
then refused to vote for the bill on Us final passage;
and assigning it as a reason for the alteration of
his vote. I would ask him what did the remainder
