72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 20,
the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Ci/ing-
man.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the demand
for the previous question been withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. JONES. Then debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. I was going to say, that, with the
consent of the gentleman from North Carolina, I
would withdraw the demand.
The demand for the previous question was not
seconded, only forty members having voted there-
for.
Mr. PECK. I now move to refer this bill to
the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. STRATJ6. Is it now in order to move to
amend this bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is already a motion
to amend offered by the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Cobb] pending. There is, however, a mo-
tion also pending to refer the bill to the Committee
on Ways and Means, and until that motion is
disposed of, no motion to amend can be acted on.
Mr. DAWSON. Upon the motion to refer I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill, with the amendment, was then referred
to the Committee on Ways and Means.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the vote last taken,
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
on Ways and Means, be reconsidered, and that
the motion to reconsider do lie upon the table.
The question was taken, and the latter motion
was agreed to.
president's message.
Mr. HOUSTON. For the purpose of again
testing the sense of the House, I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
[Cries of " No, no," and " Let us go through
the call of the States."]
The question was put, and the motion ogreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The first business in order being the considera-
tion of the President's message,
Mr. HOUSTON. I now desire to submit a
series of resolutions for the distribution of the
President's messagea'mong the seveia! committees.
I submit the following:
1. ilesoloed, That so much of the annua! message of the
President of the United States to the two Houses of Con-
gress as relates to our foreign affairs, together with the
accompanying correspondence m relation thereto; to the
claims of the subjects of Spain for losses in the case of the
schooner Amistad; making the boundary line between
the United State? and the British Provinces on the north-
wept, as designated in the convention of the 15th June
1846, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Allans.
Q. Resolved, That so much of said menage and accom-
panying papers as i elates to the exiting tariff, arid recom
mend a revision and change of it-* provisions ; so mueh as
relates to the condition of the Treasury and finances of the
Government; to the public debt and its payment; the esti-
mated receipts and papenditmes tor the ensuing fi>cal year,
be referred to the Committee on Way* and Means.
3. Resolved, That so much of said murage and accom-
panying papers as relates to the condition and operation of
the Army of theUnitod States, and recommends-an inciea^e
or modification of the same; also, ail recommendations
for new arsenals, magazines, and barracks, together with
the report of the rtecret<iry of War, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
4. Resolved, That so much of said menage and accom-
panying paper--, as relates to the Navy of the United States,
its condition and operation, and recommend* an increase of
the same, together with the repoit of the Seeretaiy ot the
Navy, be referred to the Committee on Naval AffnVs.
5. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom
panymg document®, a« relates to the enlargement and mod-
ification of the present judicial system of the United States,
and to the prevention of frauds upon the pension bureau—
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
6. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to tile mtercour&e with the
Indian tribes, be referred to tiie Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
7. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the Po-t Office Depart-
ment, its condition arid operation, together with the report
of the Postmaster Geneial, be referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
8. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to commerce and tonnage
duties, be referred to the Committee nn Commerce.
9. Resolved, That so much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the public J.inds, their sur-
vey and sale, the extension of the present land system over
the 1 erritoriesof Utah and New Mexico, the extension of
the preemption principle, and itee grants ot' land in aid of
the construction of railways, be referred lo Uic Committee
on Public Lands.
10. Resolved, That &o much of said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to the District of Columbia,
be referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
11. Resolved, That so much ot said message and accom-
panying documents as relates to a survey and construction
of a railroad from the river Mississippi to the Pacific ocean,
be relerred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
12. Resolved, That so much of the said message and ac-
companying documents as i elates to the public buildings,
be referied to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
13. Resolved, That so much of the said message and s<c- '
companying documents as relates to patents, the operations
of the Patent Office, and the modification of existing patent
laws, be referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I move that the .
committee do now rise, 1 desire to address the
committee on some points involved in these reso-
lutions, but the House perceives that I am entirely
too hoarse to do so now.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Perhaps the gentleman 1
from Virginia will give way. if he is not ready
or able to address the House at this time, some';
other member may be. I
Mr. BAYLY. I may not be able to get the '
floor again. :
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the '
motion of the gentlemcin fiom Virginia, that the i
committee do now rise. , j
Mr. GIDDINGS. I hope the gentleman from |
Virginia will not press his motion. |
Mr. BAYLY. I am surprised at such arequest I
coming from the gentleman from Ohio. He :
knows, as well as any gentleman in this House, :
how difficult it is to obtain the floor. I have got :
it now, «nd if, through courtesy to him, I yield it, I
1 have no assurance that I shall be able to get it ;
again. j
Mr. GIDDINGS, "Will the gentleman allow i
me to assign a reason why I desire him to with- I
draw his motion ?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
motion that the committee do now rise.
The question was then taken, and a division 1
being demanded, there were—ayes 05, noes G4.
Mr. BAYLY. As the vote is so close, sir, I
withdraw my motion that the committee rise, and
surrender my right to the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of New York, obtained the floor,
and addressed the House, presenting his views tn
the ICoszta affair; lauding the conduct of Captain
Ingraham; hut arguing that he should have de-
manded the immediate release of Koszta without
consulting the French consul. (See Appendix for
Hie speech.)
m Mr. S. having concluded—
Mr, PRESTON said: I havelistened,Mr. Chair-
man, not without a certain degree of interest, to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Smith,] who
has just addressed the committee; and I now de-
sire its indulgence for a brief response, though
nothingcould havebeen furtherfrom my intentions
than the design of offering any remarks to-day in
relation to any subject that engages the legislative
attention.
Living, as I do, in a State recognizing slavery,
and firmly convinced, as ! am, of the propriety of
protecting our property in slaves, yet I do not
desire to reply m any intolerant spirit to the views
which have been advanced by the gentleman from
New York. I feel conscious that the great and wise
men who ushered our Government into existence,
and laid its foundations deep in truth and justice,
were not inferior in religion or philanthropy to
those who assad the rights of the southern mem-
bers of the Confederacy, assail their institutions,
and decry their people. And although I may feel,
with a strength of conviction that my language
cannotadequatelyexpress, theinjusticeofassailing
those rights, yet it is far from me to desire to
evade or strangle discussion by denunciation or
violence. I trust to the power of truth to show
that the men of the South are not the represent-
atives of a people enduring the odious tyranny that
the gentleman asserts; that they are not men toler-
ating and fostering a wrong against every dictate
of humanity and justice, but entertaining far
wiser and more practical views than those mis-
guided enthusiasts who would shake to its center
a Government planned by patriots and statesmen,
and cemented by the public prosperity.
Enthusiasm, sir, is respectable even in error. It
is attractive when clothed in the fullness of appro-
priate language, and marked by eloquent delivery-,
but this should not blind us to the pernicious sen-
timents contained in the remarks we have heard
The gentleman from New York has sought to in-
stitute a parallel between the principles of abolition
and those contained in the letter of the Secretary
of State to the Chevalier Hiilsemann in relation
to the surrender of Martin Koszta. To institute
a comparison which would unite principles so dis-
similar, would be to create a monster in the politi-
cal world more deformed than the Siamese twins
in the physical world.
The sum of the doctrine in the Koszta letter,
as asserted by the American Secretary, is, that
Martin Koszta, having taken the initiatory steps
to become a citizen of the United States, and having
filed his declaration of intention in our courts,
became clothed with such a nationality that, having
gone into the city of Smyrna, in the peaceful
pursuit of business or of pleasure, that he was
still under the protecting power of the American
flag, and beyond recapture by the power of Aus-
tria. But, let me ask the g-entleman, if a treaty
had existed-between Austria and the Government
of the United States, by which the solemn faith
of the American Government were pledged to re-
store such refugees, as we stipulate for the extra-
dition of felons with Great Britain under the Ash-
burton treaty, whether, without a violation of faith,
we could have refused to surrender the fugitive?
There can be but one solution to the question.
Yet, have not the States of the American Union
something more solemn and more obligatory than
a mere treaty to compel the extradition of fugi-
tive slaves; something more than a compact, as
¥/ebster expounded it, in his memorable reply
to Hayne; something more solemn and more
binding than treaty or compact—the very Consti-
tution itself, upon which our Government exists.
A sovereign can recede from a treaty or a com-
pact, and no tribunal on earth but itself can judge
it; but in our Constitution—the most solemn form
of obligation that society knows—a tribunal, the
Supreme Court, is established to assist in the en-
forcement of the rights of the people composing
the Confederacy. This Constitution, solemnly rati-
fied guaranties to the slaveholding States the pro-
tection of their property, and the extradition of
fugitive slaves, when they escape into sister
States where the institution is not recognized.
Shall those solemn promises be fulfilled?—or shall
the pseudo-philanthropist, with the Bible in his
hand—the Bible upon which the founders of our
Government, and the two hundred and thirty-
eight gentlemen here assembled, were sworn to
support the Constitution—invoke our body to dis-
regard its precept, and commit meditated perjury
by violating its provisions? Yet, such is the
morality that fanatical enthusiasm proposes.
The logic of the Secretary of State has been
assailed, upon the ground that he has chosen to
place an unwarranted limitation upon the divine
injunction that you should "'do unto others as
you would they should do unto you;" yet I would
ask of the gentleman who has so keenly criticised
the expression, if it is not a plain matter to an
unsophisticated mind, that we should fulfill the
promises that we make to others? and if, under
this principle, the people of the North are not
morally bound to fulfill their promises to their
southern brethren ?
The correspondence in relation to the seizure of
Koszta does honor to the Administration and the
Government; but while the Secretary sustained
his views with great ability, I trust I may be par-
doned the digression if J remark that, in my opin-
ion, the acts of Congressin relation to naturaliza-
tion still further fortified his position. Our whole
theory of the right of expatriation is in conflict
with the English, and, I believe, the general Eu-
ropean law, which maintains that a subject has
no power to divest himself of the allegiance due
to the Government under whose jurisdiction he is
born. It is clear that if Koszta had received his
final letters of naturalization, that, according to
our theory, it was undoubtedly our duty to pro-
tect him. Until the year 1848, our naturalization
! laws required an alien to reside in the United
States continuously for five years before the final
letters were granted. Any non-residence or ab-
sence from our jurisdiction vitiated his right. In
the year 1848, an act was passed by Congress per-
mitting the time to be computed during the ab-
sence of the alien, which, by implication, author-
ized him to go abroad during the period of his ac-
quiring citizenship. This act, as I conceive, gave
full authority to Koszta to visit Smyrna; and the
