74
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
The bill was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee r>n Foreign Relations be
discharged from the further consideration of the bill to pro-
vide for the ascertainment and satisfaction of the claims of
American citizens, for spoliations committed by the French
, prior to the vJLst day of July, in the year 1801, and that the
bill, together with all matters relating to the subject, be re
ferred to a select committee of five, to be appointed by the
President pro tern.
REPORTS OF STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the memorial of the
Mississippi Baptist State Convention, praying
that adequate measures may be taken to secure to
American citizens religious liberty abroad, ask to
be discharged from the farther consideration there-
of, and that it be referred, together with all papers
in regard to that subject, to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Noah Miller, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his re-
lief, entitled " A bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Noah Miller."
The bill was read and passed to a second read-
ing. The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Priscilla C.
Simonds, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill, for her relief. The bill was read and ordered
to a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of the legal rep-
resentatives of Doctor William Somerville, de-
ceased, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to which was referred the petition of
merchants of New Orleans, praying an extension
of that port, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill to extend the limits of the port of New Or-
leans. The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the memorial of
Cornelias Maeauley, submitted a report, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was read and
passed to a second reading. The report was or-
dered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
the subject was referred, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill for the relief of Mary E. D.
Blaney, widow of the late George Blaney; which
was read and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Daniel Winslow,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read a first time, and passed to
a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
INCREASE OF THE NAVY.
Mr. GW1N, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported that the committee had had under
consideration that portion of the report of the
Secretary of the Navy recommending an increase
of the navy, in which he asks for authority to
have constructed, at least, six first-class frigate
propellers, and suggests that if the authority be
granted, the appropriation should be made at an
early date to enable the Department to build them
with dispatch; and that the committee fully con-
curred in the suggestions and recommendations of
the Secretary of the Navy, and would give its
attention to the bill, making appropriations for i
this object, which is expected at ail early day from
the House of Representatives.
The report was read.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, the subject em-
braced by that report was earnestly presented to
the consideration of Congress by the Secretary of
the Navy, and the Committee on Naval Affairs
has acted upon it promptly, so far as the principle
is concerned. The Committee on Naval Affairs
of the House has reported a bill to provide for the
construction of six steam frigates, and I notify
the Senate that, as soon as that bill comes here,
I shall move for an early consideration of it.
BRIG KATE BOYD.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred a joint resolution for
the relief of the owners of the brig Kate Boyd,
have directed me to report the same back to the
Senate, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The subject of the joint resolution arises from an
application by the owners of the Kate Boyd, of
Boston, for indemnity for losses sustained by the
detention of the vessel at New York by order of
the officers of the Government, in 1850. The case
was at the last session the subject of correspond-
ence "between the committee and the Departments
of State and the Treasury.
The joint resolution proposes to refer the sub-
ject for adjustment to the Departments, namely,
to the Secretary of State and the Attorney Gen-
eral. 1 will ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to consider it at this time.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to direct that the petition aud papers of the
owrVers of the brig Kate Boyd, formerly owned
chiefly by Gregorson & Sumner, of Boston,
praying for indemnity for losses sustained incon-
sequence of its seizure at New York, by the dis-
trict attorney of that district, under the authority
of the President, be referred to the Secretary of
State and the Attorney General to adjust the same;
and if the legal rights of the petitioners were
violated, whereby they received damage, to allow
such indemnity as to them shall appear to be just;
and that the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause
such allowance, if any be made, to be paid to the
owners.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read a third time, and passed.
The report of the committee was ordered to be
printed.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on
Finance, to which was referred the bill to extend
the warehousing system by establishing private
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes, re-
ported the same back without amendment, and
recommended its passage.
SMALL NOTES IN THE DISTRICT.
Mr. NORRIS, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to which was referred a bill
to supress the circulation of small notes as a
currency in the District of Columbia, reported
the same back with an amendment.
Mr. ADAMS. I desire to ask the Senate to
consider the bill at this time.
The PRESIDENT. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope there will be no objec-
tion.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill. It proposes to forbid the making, issuing,
emitting, signing, drawing, or indorsing of any
paper as a currency in the District of a lessamount
than five dollars; that for every violation of the
provision, the party violating it shall forfeit ten
dollars, one half for the use of the person who
shall sue therefor, and the other half for the use
of the county of Washington; that it shall be un-
lawful for any person, or body politic, or corpo-
rate, to pass such paper as currency, under the
penalty of forfeiting not less than five, nor more
ihan ten dollars for every offense; that on failure of
any person or body issuing such paper, to redeem
the same when presented, they shall forfeit twen-
ty dollars for every offense; that the penalty shall
be recovered in an action of debt, before any jus-
tice of the peace in the District; that all contracts,
whether writtenor verbal, to pay or deliver money,
or any valuable thing, the consideration whereof
may be wholly or in part any circulating medi-
um under five dollars, shall be held illegal; that
it shall be lawful for the court before which the suit
may be brought, to cause to be examined as wit-
nesses any defendants to such suit, touching the
matter in controversy; that where evidence suf-
cient to prove the nature of a contract, above
specified, cannot be obtained, it shall be lawful for
the court to require the plaintiff to be sworn to
testify the truth in regard to the transaction; that
when any one in business, under a license, shall
either receive or pay out such paper, it shall
be the duty of the attorney of the United States
for the District to institute proceedings m the
circuit court, requiring the offenders to show cause
why their license should not be forfeited; and that,
on proof of such charge, the license shall be for-
feited; and that the act shall be in force from and
after the passage thereof; and any parts of former
acts which may be repugnant to it, shall be re-
pealed.
The amendment of the committee was to insert
in the fifth section, after the word " verbal," the
words " hereafter made," so that it will read:
" All contracts, whether written or verbal, hereafter made
to pay or deliver money, or any valuable thing, or thing
purporting to be a valuablething, the consideration whereof
may bp either wholly 01 in part any paper currency or cir-
culating medium under five dollars, or othei paper or cur-
rency prohibited by the act, shall be eemed and held to be
illegal."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) If there be no further amendment,
the bill will be reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. PEARCE. The subject embraced by the
bill is an important one, and one which I think
should not be hurried through the Senate in this
manner. I would suggest that it should have a
more mature consideration on the part of the Sen-
ate, and that its further consideration should be
postponed for a few days.
Mr. ADAMS. As the consideration of the
bill is objected to, I will not press it at this time,
but ask that it be made the special order for some
future day. "What day will the Senator suggest ?
Mr. PEARCE. I will suggest Tuesday week,
and at the same time move that the bill, as amended,
be printed.
Mr. ADAMS. I move then that the bill be
postponed until nextTuesday week, and be made
the special order of the day for one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. The bill is an important one, and
should be acted upon at an early period. The
Senator from Maryland only asks for a short de-
lay. I therefore suggest that it be made the special
order of the day for Tuesday next. I make that
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The question will be put on the long-
est period first.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. Gwin's motion was agreed to, and the bill
was ordered to be printed.
LIEUTENANT GENERALCY.
Mr. SHIELDS, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution, authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of lieutenant general by
brevet for eminent services; which was read twice
by its title.
iMr. SHIELDS. I move that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. DAWSON. I trust the resolution will
not be referred. It has often been before the Sen-
ate at previous sessions, and has been passed
more than orice. I think it would be better for
the Senate to designate a day on which to take up
and act upon the resolution. I hope that course
will he pursued.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator is
correct when he says that this joint resolution is
precisely similar to the one which was passed by
the Senate at the last session, by a very decisive
vote, and without any very serious opposition.
Mr. SEWARD. Why not pass it now ?
Mr. SHIELDS. If there be no objection, I
should be very much pleased to have the resolu-
tion acted upon at this time. But I anticipated
some opposition to that course, and therefore I
proposed the reference. I ask, however, if there
be no objection, that the resolution may be con-
sidered at this time.
Mr. PETTIT. I object to the consideration of
the resolution at this time.
Mr. DAWSON. Then let it be referred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright in
the chair.) The question will now be on the
motion to refer.
Mr. SHIELDS. I withdraw the motion, so as
to let the joint resolution take its place on the
Calendar.
PIONEER MANUFACTURING COMPANY.
Mr. PRATT. I am instructed by the Com"
