THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
O^FiCIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 30, 1854.
clerks authorized by tlie third section of the act of March
3, 1^53, entitled " An act malting appropriations for the
civil ami diplomatic expenses of Government for the year
ending the ;>:>th of June, 1854," in the office of the Register
ot the Trea.s«ry, tfnee clerks of class four, io include tlie
clerk now authorized to take charge of the redemption of
stocks; and in the office of the Commissioner of Pensions
five clerks o^class two, and fitteeji clerks of class three;
and such clerks shall be paid according to the piovi*ions ot
aaid section, out of any money iu the Treasury not other-
wise appropuated.
Mr. President, two of these clerks are proposed
to be added to the Treasury Department as sta-
tistical clerks in the Register's office; and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury says it is indispensable to
have them, in order to answer the calls for btatis-
t tics The other clerk in this olttce, for whom we
propose to provide, has been there under a special
act, but was not brought under the classification
made last year. This only brings him within the
classification, and legalizes his employ merit. We
propose to add twenty clerks to the Pension Office,
so as to make the whole number sixty-nine in-
stead of forty-nine, as at present. That estimate
was made for declassification a yearago or more,
and there were then in the Pension Office some-
thing like one hundred and forty clerks; but it was
supposed that (he business would diminish, and
therefore only forty-nine clerks were estimated
for. The Commissioner of Pensions does not
think that he can get along with less than sixty-
nine, and hence it is proposed to add twenty to
the present forty-nine. That is the object of the
amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Finance is to add the following sec-
tion :
Sec.—. v??id be it further enacted, That the compen-
sation of the special mail agent of the Post Oliice De-
partment in California t-hall be thou-and dolfara per an-
num, such rMe to take effect in virtue of this provision
fiom July, 1, 1853.
. Mr. GWIjN". I move to fill the blank in that
amendment with "five," so as to make the salary
$5,000, and I will state the circumstances under
which the amendment is pi oposed by the Commit-
tee on Finance. When this officer wasappointed,
and his commission sent out to California, the
compensation was $1,600 a year, and he would
not accept it at that salary. The services of such
an officer were indispensable; and this gentleman
was one of the most competent men in the State,
and had the confidence of all sections. The dele-
gation in Congress from California stated to him
that if he would accept the office and discharge its ;
duties, they would exert themselves to have the
compensation placed at the sum which I propose.
That document is in the hands of the chairman of
the Committee on Finance.
In addition to that, there is a letter from the
postmaster at Sun Fiancisco, stating that the ser-
vices of this gentleman were indispensable, and
that he would not accept the office unless he had
this compensation guarantied to him, at least so
far as the delegation in Congress from that State
could do so.
The Postmaster General has recommended, in
his annual report, that this increased salary should
he given, and he has estimated for it at £4,000.
He has always agreed that the salary should be
$5,000, but inasmuch as that of the postmaster at
San Francisco is but $4,000, lie thought to give
the post office agent in California a larger salary
would not be treating that postmaster well; but
that officer himself has sent a letter here, since
that estimate was made, urging that his salary
should be placed at $5,AGO.
The motion to fill the blank with "five" was
agreed to, and the amendment, as thus amended,
was adopted.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mitted on the Library to offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuing the preparation and publication of the
stereotyped catalogue of ihe libraiy of Congress, £'5,000.
The amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. MASON. I am instructed by the Com- |
mittee on Foreign Relations to move to amend the J
50
NEW Series....NO. 50.
bill, by adding at the end of the appropriations for
the Department of State, the following:
For payment to John Bozman Keer, in addition to his
salary and allowances, a charge d'affaires to Nicaragua,
the amount of Ins expenses on the journey to San Salva-
dor and Guatemala, and of his expenses at those capita)*,
undei his commissions to the Governments of those Repub-
lics, together with a full outfit  s charge (Paff'itires to the
" national representation" of Central America.
I will simply say, that I conferred with the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, and I
understood him to concur with me that the larger
portion of this amount ought at least to be consid-
ered as a deficiency, because it might have been
paid out of the fund for contingent intercourse
with foreign nations. If gentlemen desire to hear
the history of the case I will give it with pleasure,
but the amendment has been reported by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and I think there
can be no objection to it; but if any gentleman
desires an explanation I will give it..
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, PRATT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia to offer the
following amendment:
For continuing the works for bringing water into the city
of Wellington, $5U(),OUO.
Mr. President, in the first place, I desire to state
that this appropriation is one regularly asked for
by the War Department. 1 hold in my hand a
letter from the Secretary of War, addressed to the
chairman of the committee, asking for thisappio-
priation, and assigning some reasons why it should
be made at this time. I will read it:
War Dki'^rimknt, >
Washington-, Fehrxtaiy ] l} lff>4 £
Sir* I liavp the honor to submit herewith a communi-
cation fiom Captain M. C. Mem*, corps of engineers, in
charge of the Potomac aqueduct, p'csenunc important con-
siderations in support oi hi^ request for an early appropria-
tion for that wotk, and bee leave to a-k for it the favorable
action of the Committee lor the District of Columbia at as
early a day as practicable.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JEFF. DAVIS, Secretary of War.
Hon. Moses Morris,
C hah man Committee for the District of Columbia.
I have before me the original provision, making
an appropriation for this purpose. It was made
in these words:
To be expended under the direction of the President of
the United States for the purpose of bunging water into
the city of Washington, upon such plans and Jrom such
places, as he may approve, $100,000: Provided. That if tne
plan adopted by the Piesident of the United States should
require water to be drawn from any source within the limits
of Maryland the assent of the Legislature of that State
should fiM.be obtained."
I desire to state, that one of the engineer corps
was detailed by the President, for the purpose of
making the surveys and necessary examinations
in reference to the j: roper point from which water
should be brought; and I believe it was necessary
that they should go into the State of Maryland for
the purpose of getting a sufficient supply. Under
the plan which has been adopted, water is to be
brought from the Great Falls of the Potomac river.
That plan has been submitted to and approved by
the President, and the ground has been surveyed
and a portion of the work has been commenced.
The Department is now unable, for the want of
money, to proceed at this season of the year,
which is the most favorable for the prosecution of
the woik.
Under the law of 1852 there was a provision
contained in an appropriation bill, in a clause as
to the building of the east wing of the Patent Office,
a clause which I understand has been interpreted
by the Department to refer to all contracts. It is
in these words: " And that all contracts shall
hereafter be advertised at least sixty days before
the letting." So that the engineer who, under the
control of the Government, now has the manage-
ment of this great improvement, is unable to adver-
tise for contracts the aqueduct, and the neces-
sary works for bringing the water into theDistricf;
and if you delay the appropriation until the gen-
eral appropriation lulls are passed, the whole sum-
mer will probably pass away before he can give
the required notice of sixty days, and get a con-
tract under that notice for the purpose of bavin?
the work done. The Secretary of War deems it
very important that the appropriation should be
made at once, so as to enable the officer to adver-
tise the contract, to get the work done,and to sup-
ply us at once wnh the water which was contem-
plated by the original provision. I hope, there-
fore, there will be no objection to the amendment
proposed.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to inquire of the Sena-
tor whether it is supposed that the additional
$500,000 will complete this work?
Mr. PRATT. It will not.
Mr.PETTlT. §100,000 were appropriated last
year, and now §50u,000 are asked for.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator has had the op-
portunity of having full knowledgeon the subject;
for the report of the engineer having charge of the
work was placed upon nur lablesat thecommence-
ment of the session. The pipe in which the water
is to be conveyed is to be nine feet m diameter,
(t has been changed by direction of the President
from the original plan—seven feet; and the whole
cost will be §2,300,(100. There has already been
appropriated $100,000. The work is, therefore,
about to be commenced, if we are to prosecute
the work, it is manifestly right lhat we should
make the appropriation now, so that the whole
summer may not be lost to the parties who are to
carry on the work. Those Senators who believe
that it ought not to be done by the Federal Gov-
ernment will vote against the amendment; but 1
hope that every Senator who believes that it ia
proper upon the part of this Government to bring
this supply of water into the Federal city will
vote for the amendment. If the appropriation is
to he made, it is right that it should be made now.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. 1 trust that will be the
issue, and 1 want it raised distinctly. I am one
of those who do not believe that it is any part or
parcel of the duty of the Federal Government to
bring water into this " city of magnificent dis-
tances." I think the original appropriations ought
to have been fought more thoroughly, especially
by western men, who have to contest week after
week, and night after night, for an appropriation
of §50,000, or half that, to remove the largest ob-
structions which are in the greatest rivers of the
West, or for any little railroad bill which does not
take a dollar out of Uncle Sam's Treasury, but
by which hi gets more than lie would have got if
that land had not been appropriated. I wish now
to have a test vote; and I call for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment. The Senator from
Maryland has presented the question fairly, as he
presents all questions; and 1 wish to inquire of
him now how many millions it will take to com-
plete this magnificent water establishment?
Mr. PETT1T. Fifteen or twenty millions, I
suppose.
Mr. PRATT. I have stated already.
Mr. PETT1T. That statement is as to the
iron pipe, if T understand it.
Mr. PRATT. 1 say that the whole work, by
the increase of the capacity of the pipe required
under the President's direction,from seven to nine
feet diameter, aecoiding to the presentplan, which
will give a plentiful supply of water to this city
for ages to come, will cost $9,300,000.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. That is according to
the estimates. We have had some experience as
to custom-houses and various improvements of
this sort heretofore, and 1 apprehend that, before
the work is done it will cost probably double that
amount. But this is mere conjecture on my part.
The amount mentioned by the Senator, however,
is very large. 1 trust that we shall not commit
ourselves to the expenditure of such an immense
sum of money for this work. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
Mr. PETT1T Will the Senator from Iowa
allow me to ask whether there has not been a
proposition to bring this water here in an abund-
ant supply for a far less sum, and whether he
has seen any proposition of the kind ?
Mr. DODGR, of Iowa. I have not.
Mr. PETTIT. It was suggested to me by a
