1644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July H,
Mr. THURSTON. I do Dot know anything i
about that. J
Mr. STEVENS, ofMichigan. Mr. Chairman, j
if I understand this bill correctly, it is on&whu'h !
simply proposes the extension of a patent granted
to Mr. Colt, in 1836. I have to say, in the first
place, that there seems to be someconfusion among:
members of this committee in regard to that par-
ticular matter. Application was made to the
Commissioner of Patents by Mr. Colt, for an ex-
tension of the patent granted to him in 1839, but
that extension wps refused. The pending propo-
sition is for the extension of the patent of 1836.
Not long since it was urged by a gentleman from
Tennessee upon this floor, that the decision of
the Commissioner of Patents, in reference to the
extension of the patent of 1839, was sufficient evi-
dence that Mr. Colt was entitled to no favorable
consideration from this body. I allude to this that
members may be correct in their understanding: of
the matter, and to show that there has been no
decision of the Commissioner on the patent now i
asked to be extended. j
There has been no evidence taken to show that, |
Mr. Colt has made a fortune, or that he is not yet j
a poor man. The following is a letter on the I
subject, and I ask the earnest attention of mem-
bers to its reading:
United States Patent Ofhck, June 24, 1854.
Sir: I liavo the honor to inform you, in reply to yom
letter of the m-innt, that two applications havti bren
pre-ented to tins office lor [lie extension of patent* granted
to Samuel C'olt, dated, respectively, 25lh February, lfcM),
and *-21)111 August, 1M0. The former vva« extended by the
Hon. Edmund HurKc, Commissioner of Patents, kivoii
yertrs from the 25th Febi nary, 1850. The application for
the extension ol the latter was rejected by me for reasons
on file in tins office.
It is undes stood that the application now pending before
Congrei-n, in for the, fin ther extension of the patent of 18:16,
from the &)tli Februaty, 1W
If so, it would seem that no evidence or testimony is
pertinent thereto, except such as relates to that particular
patent
What te*timonv and proceedings wetc brought fotvvard
t>y certain members of the Home, in opposition to the
present application, I am noi mtoinied; but I infer from
your teller that thvy related lo tiio application lor the ex-
tension of the patent of 1M9.
[ would :>t:Ue, tn e.onehi-ion, that the evidence m Uoth i
oases is ojm'ii to the fiee inspection of all who may feel !
imeieHud in the matter. j
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant, _ j
0. MASON, Commissioner. i
lion. It. H. Thurston, C/unnnan House Committee on \
Patents mid the Patent Office, Home of I-iepreiCntntives. j
Mr. CUTTING. 1 did not distinctly hear the
letter. Will the gentleman be good enough to
state whether I have conectly undristood its pur-
port. I understood the Commissioner's lettei thus.
That the original patent of IH3(j vva^ eMrnded in
1K>D, but ih.it tin: patent of lK:i!) was nor extend-
ed; that the oiigmal patent of 183(> wns extcmin!
in iboO, and runs until 1M7; and that it is that
patent which does not expire until I8f>7, which
we are now asked to extend for seven years fur-
ther.
In reply to Mr. Cutting, the letter war? again
rend by the Oleik at Mr. Stevens's request.
Mr.STEVLNS. This, then, is fin application
simply for the extension of a patent, for the pur-
pose of securing to the inventor of a certain
instrument the exclusive right of manufacturing
it for a certain length of time. In other word.* it
is to secure to him who haw the intellertand gemus
to conceive and invent, and perseverance to carry
out and perfect his plans, the benefits of Ins inven-
tion I ask gentlemen, in all candor, who stem
to be so wondeifully and tenaciously opposed to
the extension jn thus case, why all tins excite-
ment? What is the reason tor if, and why do
we hear the gentleman fiorn North Carolina [Mr.
Ci.ixgman] making such extnioidmnry charges
upon the honesty and integntyof members of this
House? Why does that gentleman make the
charge, if notdirectly at least indnectly, that large
sums of money have been used to pmohase mem-
bers of the House! Let me ask why does the
gentleman take this extraordinary course ? is he
entirely disinterested ? Have no efforts been
made to tempt his public vn me ? I know that
he is a veiy honest and uptight gentleman, and
God forbid that i should express the least doubt
of bi«< homsty or uprightness. T know very
v.Tt?li there ate persons who arc di.-posed to man-
ufacture aims which a e not wuri,-> a far11:in^,
in comparison with the centime arms manufac-
tured by Mr. Colt, and who are anxious that this
patent should not be extended so that they may
flood the world with bogus arms, which cost but
very li'tle. These men can afford to come here
and fee honorable gentlemen largely for the pur-
pose of preventing the passage of tins hill. I will
riot say that the gentleman from North Carolina
has had his virtue tempted in this way ! I will
not say that approaches have been made to him, a
learned, eloquent, and distinguished councilor, to
come here and oppose this bill to-day, but surely
other gentlemen have as good reason to suspect
that the gentleman from North Carolina has had
his virtue tempted as he has to suspect other gen-
tlemen of this House of the same thing.
What are the facts in regard to this claim?
Repoits have been made by a committee in this
House, and m the Senate by a committee of that
body, in favor of this hill. They have bad this
matter before them. They have examined the
evidence m the case cautiously and carefully, and
they have come to the conclusion that A4r. Colt
is entitled to an extension of his patent. The
charge is made that bribes have been offered to
gentlemen to vote for this bill. But whoie is the
evidence? Lay your hand upon the man who has
been bribed. Point out the man who offers these
bribes to members of the House, either diitc.tly
or indirectly, for the purpose of influencing
members of the House. If there is no evidence
of this, I appeal to gentlemen of the House to
give no weight to these charges. They should
not allow this spargese voces ambiguas—the ambigu-
ous language in which the.se charges are conveyed,
to make them doubt and hesitate upon this subject.
If we cannot believe all the members of this com-
mittee; if we cannot believe the Senate, I ask, m
the name of God, whom can we believe ? M ust we
go along here looking suspicmusly at everything,
and denying every report made?
lYlr. OLINGMAN. Will the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Stevens] permit me to make a
remark ?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. My objection to this bill
was grounded on the fact that the committee did
not give any reason for the passage of it in their
report. If it had given any reason, I would have
heard it with very great pleasure and given it due
weight, i did not, in my remarks, mean that the
imputation of corruption should exercise any in-
fluence in voting on the bill. My objection to it
merely is, that the committee havegiveu no reason
whatever in their report why the House should
pass this bill. 1 gave the fiist simply as a reason
why there should be a full vote taken on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. SriOVKNS. 1 want a full vote too; and
1 agree with the gentleman from North Carolina
in his desire to have a lull vote taken on the pas-
sage of thi-s bill. I wish to spring no game on
this House. I do not want to have it voted upon
by a thin House. Let us have it bi imful of mem-
bers; and then let this matter mand on us own
merits.
Cut, again, the gentleman from North Carolina
complains that, in the reports on this matter, both
in the House and in the Senate, the reasons have
not been given why this bill should be passed, and
why the committees have lecommerided so and
so: and lie says that they should have given the
r%(Pon  for-su'h recommendation, based upon the
: testimony before them. If 1 understand the report
j aright, the committee have stated all of this; and
! i take it, that the reports of committees are enti-
tled to all confidence on the part of the Hcu^e.
j When I, as a member of a committee of this
I House, come m and make a report, I pledge roy-
i self to this body and to the country, and m the
[ presence of God, that J believe the report is ccr-
! reel, and that the reasons on which it is founded,
I aie good. Arid if the time should ever come when
( I am found playing false to this House, may I be
i expelled—driven from it as corrupt and dishonor-
, able'
> Now, Mr. Chairman, it is charged that Mr.
! Colt is not entitled to an extension of his patent,
I because he is a wealthy man. Is it because he
; has now «ot a manufacturing establishment or.
1 the banks oftheTlames that this is inferred r
i if, th's sufncier.t evjdence that he has become a
1 wealthy man- 1 ask, then, Mr. Chairman, where,
j upon the btoad face of this habitable globe, where
; thrift end enterprise prevails, is not American en
i topme to be found? And is it unnatural that
Mr. Colt should be found establishing himself and
making money upon the hanks of the Thames,
and especially at this time, when the whole of
Europe is involved in an extensive war, which
creates an extensive market for his arms? Is it
remarkable? Not at all. Supposing he is a poor
man, supposing he has become bankrupt in the
efforts he has made to perfect this weapon, yet is
it unnatural that he should be found upon the
hanks ?>f the Thames m efforts to retrieve his
broken fortunes'1 Not at all. Does it follow, be-
cause he is prosecuting his business upon the
banks of the Thames, that he is wealthy?
It is true that, upon the application of Mr. Colt
for a renewal of his patent of 1339. evidence was
taken before the Commissioner of Patents which
satisfied htm thatsomuch money had been made by
Mr. Colt that the patent ought not to be extended.
Now yon, Mr. Chairman, know what I mean
when I talk of expaite evidence. Gentlemen who
hear me, and many of them are lawyeis, know
well what ex parte evidence means. It must be a
very lame case indeed, which cannot make out a
good prima facie case, when they have it all their
own way, and in their own hands. It is in proof
before this House, that when the evidence was
taken m this case, before the Commissioner, the
counsel of Mr. Colt did not appear to contest the
evidence which was presented before him. The
evidence was taken by thecounsel opposed to Mr.
Colt, and they had it all their own way.
It is said by a gentleman near me, that that evi-
dence does not apply to this case. But I remark
that the patent of 1836 is one patent, and that of
1839 refers only to a simple improvement upon
the mode of charging the pistol. The two are
taken together, and evidence which is pertinent to
one, would be pertinent and relevant to the other.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) The gen-
tleman will allow me a single word m explanation.
1 was upon the other side of the House when the
gentleman referred to my remarks. I beg leave to
say that ( expressly said, in my remarks, that I
had too favorable an opinion of" the members of
this House to believe that they had been operated
upon by these approaches which had been made,
and as some of my remarks might seem to imply
it, I also beg leave to say that I never intimated,
and never intended to intimate that the members
of the committee or the members of the House
were in the slightest degree influenced by them.
But this thing of lobbying was so boldly done,
and so extraoidinary m this case, and some other
cases, that I deemed it my duty to call the atten-
tion of the House to if, and I believed that to get
a full vote, a call of the House was necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentlemen mean
to say th'U this lobbying has had any influence
with the committee?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I stated that I believed
members would not be influenced by it, but that
I thought it best to call attention to the facts.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, whatever may
have taken place out of this House, whatever
streams of cot ruption may have been let loose out-
side, if they have not reached the members upon
this floor, what ofit? What is the effect? Sir, I
ask that if this application is otherwise meritonous
and fair, why, sir, let us not be guided by these
outside influences. Let us not be frightened by
being told that there is a lion m the lobby—that
there is an ass laden with gold attempting to fit ce
its way into this House! Let. us treat Mr. Colt
as an honorable gentleman. Let us treat him as
an honorable citizen, who comes herein a fair and
honorable manner, and asks to have his patent
extended, and consider the case upon its merits.
I say now to you, Mr. Chairman, and to this
committee%if the merits of this case are with us,
let this bill pass. But if they are not with us; if
thestatements of the committees of the two Houses
are contradicted, and proved to be false, why let
the bill fall to the ground. But, let gentlemen
consider the application as honorable gentlemen,
and give it an impartial and fair consideration,
and that is all we ask. I send two letters to the
Clerk's desk, and ask that they may be read.
The letters were read, as follows:
t rMTi d t'T vtfs Patj-wt OfFirrc, Jenuary 9, 1854.
Hjr- Yoms of the /tfi was. received this morning. I
iniinediatr-'iy incited it to Mr. Gifiord, with a request that
h(; W'uuk! reply to the lrifenogafoties the.iem su^gostrd,
u>[! f heiowith fojw;ird you hi  reply.
'1 ho inado m ju> division of the application
for an extension of Colond CoIt1a patent, wad fully wai-
