76
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 21,
and not desiring to interrupt the gentleman's reso-
lution, I now give notice that, when the opportu-
nity is afforded me, 1 shall submit a resolution
covering the whole ground of my suggestion.
The question was then taken on the resolution
of Mr. Seward, and it was adopted.
OBSTRUCTIONS IN THE SAVANNAH RIVER.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to introduce a
bill, entitled "A bill to provide for the removal of
obstructions inthe river Savannah, in the State of
Georgia, and for improvement of the same; and
to reimburse the city council of Savannah for such
sums as said city authorities may have heretofore
expended for that purpose," of which previous
notice has been given.
There was no objection, and the bill was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
NAVY-YARD AND DEPOT ON THE COAST OF
GEORGIA.
Mr. S. also asked leave to .introduce a bill, en-
titled " A bill to authorize the establishing of a
navy-yard and depot on the coast of Georgia, at
the city of Brunswick, in Glynn county," of
which previous notice had been given.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS AND THE ARMY
AND NAVY.
Mr. DENT. I desire to present a memorial of
sundry citizens of Georgia, praying the abolition
of the office of Chaplain ift Congress and the
Army and Navy of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can send his
memorial to the Clerk's table, to be filed under the
rule.
Mr. DENT. I know that, sir; but I desire to
move a special reference of this petition, as it
involves constitutional questions. 1 move its
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can order it
to be so referred when filing it with the Clerk.
SELMA AND GADSDEN RAILROAD.
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask leave of the House to
introduce a bill, entitled " a bill granting the right
of way to the State of Alabama, and a portion of
the public lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from Selma, on the Alabama river, to
Gadsden, on the Coosa river, in said State," of
which previous notice has been given.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
' the Committee on Public Lands.
HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. PHILIPS offered a resolution; which was
read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety ot continuing and
completi ng such of the rivor ami harbor improvement5' as
were appropriated for at the last Congress, and which, in the
opinion ol the committee, are wirhiri the constitutional
powers of this Government, and of general interest and
importance; and that they report at an<early day of the
session by bill or otherwise.
Mr. PHILIPS. Upon that resolution 1 demand
the previous question.
Mr. DUNHAM. I would request the gentle-
man from Alabama [Mr. Philips] to withdraw
his demand for the previous question, until I
can offer an amendment.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. DUNHAM. I desire, if the gentleman
will withdraw the call for the previous question, to
so amend the resolution that it shall be referred to
the appropriate committee.
Under the rule of the House that resolution
should go to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
My purpose is, if the call for the previous question
is not sustained, or if the gentleman withdraws it,
to make the amendment I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. Is the call for the previous
question withdrawn?
Mr. PHILIPS. I do not with'draw it, as I
understand that the Committee on Commerce is
the appropriate committee to which the resolution
will be referred, under the rule of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask for
tellers upon the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris and
Mace appointed.
Mr. DUNHAM. Before the question is taken,
I.desirs to have the 9Sth rule read.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
rule will be read.
There being no objection, the rule was read, as
follows:
" 98. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Roads and
Canals to take into consideration all such petitions and
matters or things relating to roads and canals, and the im-
provement of the navigation of rivers, as shall be pre-
sented, or may come in question, and be referred to them
by the House ; and to report thereupon, together with such
propositions relative thereto, as to them shall seem expe-
dient."
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76, noes 44.
So the previous question received a second.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The resolution was again read by the Clerk.
Mr. MACDONALD. I move to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and the result was—
yeas 55, nays 112; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Thos. H. Bayly, Bocoelc, Boyce, Brooks, Chastain,
Cobb, Craige, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dean, Dent, Disney,
Dunham, Edmund^on, Faulkner, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Sampson W. flams, Wiley P. Harris, Hibbard,
Hillyer, Houston, Daniel T. .Tone*., George W. Jones, Kid-
well, Kittredge, Kurtz, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald,
McQ,ueen,Mace,Mayall.Momson, Murray, Olds, Andrew
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Singleton,
Skulton, William Smith, Snodgrass Richard H. Stanton,
John J. Taylor, Tweed, Vail, and Walker~55.
NAYS—r*. James C. Allen, Appleton, Belcher,
Benson, Ki^sell, Hugg, Lewis D. Campbell, Carpenter,
Chandler, Chase, Clmrchwell, Clark, Chnginan, Corwin,
Cox, Crocker, Cullom, Cumining, Curtis. Dawson, Dick,
Dunbar, Eastman, Eddy, Edgarton, Edmands, Ellis-on,
Eng'is-h, Ethoridge, Kverhart, Failey, Fenton, Flagler,
Florence, Franklin, Giddings, Aaron Harlan, Harrison,
Hayings, Haven, Heim, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, John-
son, Roland Jones, Keitt, Knox, Lane, Latham, Lintlley,
Lindsley, McCulloch, MeMuIlin, Mac*v, Meacham, Mid-
dleswarth, John G. MiJIei, Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Nor-
ton, Mordeeai Oliver, Parker,Peek, Peckham, Pennington,
John Perkins, Philips, Pratt, Preston, Prmgie, Puryear,
Ready, Reese, Richardson, Riddle, David Ritchie,Thomas
Ruehey, Robbing, Rogers, Kusm'II, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Seward, Seymour, Simmon*, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
I\ Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, Andrew Stuart,
John L. Taylor, Thurston, Trout, Vansant, Wade, Wal-
brnlge, Walsh, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washbuine,
Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan Wentwoith, Wheeler,
Ilendnck B. Wright, Yates, and Zolhcolier—112.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the call of the roll—
Mr. DISNEY said: I am in favor of this
reference, though I was opposed to the river and
harbor bill of the last Congress.
The question then recurred upon the passage of
the resolution upon which the yeas and nays had
been ordered, and being taken, the result was—
yeas 111, nays 54; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C\ Allen, Appleton, Belcher.
Benson, Dissell, Bug , Lewis D. Campbell, Carpenter
Heim, Hill, Howe, Hughes, Hunt, Johnson,Roland Jones
Knox, Lane, Latham, Lmdley, Lindsley, McCulloch,
Macy, Maxwell, Meacham, Middleswarth, John G. Miller,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Mordeeai
Oliver, Paikur, Peck, Peckham, Pennington, Philips,
Pratt, Preston, Pringle, Puryear. Ready, Richardson, Rid-
dle, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Robbing Rogers,
Russell, Sabin, Sage. Sapp, Seward, Seymour, Simmons,
Gerrit Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William It. Smith, George
W. Smyth, Frederick P Stanton, HectorL. Stevens, Strat-
ton, Straub, Andrew Stuart, David Stuart, John L. Taylor
Thurston, Trout, Tweed, Vansant, Wade, Walbndee!
Walker, Washburn, Wells, John Wentworth, Tappan
Wentworth, Hendrick li. Wright, Yates!,' and Zollicofier
NAYS—Meters. Abercrornbie, Willis Allen, David J.
Bailey, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Bocock, Boyce,
Brooks, Chastain, Chrisman, Cobb, Craige, John G. Davis
Dean, Dent, Disney, Edtnund^on, Goode, Greenwood!
Grow, Sampson W. Hams, Wiley P. Harris, Hibbard
Hillyer, Houston, Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones Kid-
well, Kittredge, Letcher, Lilly, McMulfin, McQueen, May-
all, Moinson, Murray, Olds, Andrew Oliver, Packer John
Perkms, Powell, Reese. Ruffin, Shaw, Singleton, William
Smith, Snodgrass, Sollers, Richard II. Stanton, John J
1 aylor, Vail, Walsh, and Wheeler—54.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. DUNHAM. I move to reconsider the
vote just taken by which the resolution passed;
and, I believe, as the previous question has ex-
hausted itself, the motion is debatable.
The SPEAKER assented.
Mr. DUNHAM. Mr. Speaker, it is as well
that this House should settle now the principle
upon which they are to act in reference to the mat-
ter which is to be referred to the Committee on
Commerce and the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals, so that both committees may not feel them-
selves called upon to go into the consideration of
the same subjects. The question which we are
now called upon to decide is, whether this matter
properly belongs to the Committee on Commerce
or to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. CLINGMAN, (interrupting.) I beg leave
to suggest this question of order. I agree per-
fectly in opinion with thegentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Dunham,] that the previous question has
exhausted itself, and that his motion is debat-
able. JBut 1 think it was decided the last session
differently. I raise the point now, for the pur-
pose of calling the attention of the Chair to the
subject, so that the lule may be uniform. If I am
net mistaken, the Speaker decided the last session
that motions to reconsider, coming up under the
circumstances similar to the present, were not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. The recollection of the Chair
is, that the practice has been uniform both be-
fore and during the last Congress, that the pre-
vious question had exhausted itself.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 think it will be recol-
lected that during the last Congress, when motions
to reconsider votes, taken under the operation of
the previous question, were made, the decision of
the Speaker was, that such motions were not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. It is very often the case that
incidental questions come up—the previous ques-
tion resting upon the main question—which have
been decided as not debatable; but it has been the
uniform practice, according to the recollection of
the Chair, that the previous question is exhausted
whenever the final vote has been taken upon the
main question to which it applies.
Mr. CLINGMAN. This resolution was adopt-
ed under the operation of the previous question,
and I think the Chair now rightly decides that,
when the question upon its adoption had been
taken, the previous question was exhausted; but
if he will consult the Journals of the House, I
think he will find some discissions made the other
way.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks thegen-
tleman will find that the distinction has always
been made between motions incidental to, and mo-
tions directly affecting, the main question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I am certainly satisfied
with the decision of the Chair; I only desired to
call his attention to the subject, so that a uniform
rule may be adhered to with respect to it.
Mr. DUNHAM. I was proceeding to remark,
that it is a matter of some importance that the
House shall decide now, and decide definitely, in
reference to the proper reference of this subject;
for it is useless, certainly, for two of the commit-
tees of the House to undertake to recommend legis-
lation upon the same subject. Of course I do not
consider the action of the House this morning
as an insinuation of impropriety upon the part of
the committee to whichlhavethehonorto belong,
in the course they have pursued in reference to
this subject. Nevertheless, if this subject does
properly belong to the Committee on Roads and
Canals, the action of the House in taking it from
them and in giving it to another committee, indi-
cates at least, a want of confidence in them.
Now, sir, if gentlemen will refer to the 83d
rale of the House, prescribing the duties of the
Committee on Commerce, they will see that that
committee has nothing whatever to do with the
improvement of the channels of rivers. Their
duties are confined to matters of commerce itself
—•commerce, in the strictest sense of the term,
i Again, if gentlemen will turn to the ninety-eighth
rule, defining the duties of the Committee on Roads
and Canals, they will find that the subject of the
improvement of the channels of rivers is placed
under their charge. The two subjects are per-
fectly distinct, the one from the other.
Mr. PHILIPS made a remark, which was in-
i audible to the reporter.
j Mr. DUNHAM. I will read the rule, if the
; gentleman desires it.
j Mr. PHILIPS. To what rule does the gentle-
J man refer?
