1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
787
of the 26th of August, J 850, entitled "An act to provide for
executing the public printing, and establishing the prices
thereof, and for other purposes,'' which provides, that when
any document shall he ordered to be printed by both Houses
of Congress the entire printing of such document s-hall be
done by the printer of that House which fir~t ordered the
same is hereby repealed ; and when different printers are
elected each shall do the printing for the House electing
him ; and so much of the printing Tor the Executive Depart"
ments and Bureaus of the Government as is ordered by the
said act to be done by the public printer shall be equally
divided between the printers of the two Houses.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire simply to state, before
the question is put on that amendment, what will
be evident to every Senator on a moment's reflec-
tion, that it will increase the cost of our printing
to precisely the amount of the composition for all
the Senate work. It will be recollected by Sena-
tors that when the bill changing the contract sys-
tem for printing, and substituting printers to be
elected by the two Houses, was under considera-
tion, the provision proposed to be repealed by the
amendment was inserted to guard against the
additional expense. The Senator who introduces
the amendment says it is to obviate a difficulty
arising from an indecent haste in either branch of
Congress in ordering the printing of a document
which may be first sent to it.
Mr. BADGER. 1 said to avoid a contest be-
tween the two Houses.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Senator said inde-
cent contest as to which House should first order
printing.
Mr. BADGER. I said undignified.
Mr.HAMLlN. I am not aware that any such
contest has arisen, and I have seen no necessity
for such a contest. 1 suppose that in the end the
present system will produce precisely about the
same results as would follow if this amendment
were adopted; that is, that of the composition each
printer would get about his proportion in the ordi-
nary case; while, by this amendment, there will be
an additional expenditure for the composition of
this branch of Congress. How much it would
amount to I am notpiepared to say. It would
perhaps be $10,000 for this session, or at any rate,
$10,000 for the Congress. If the Senate are dis-
posed to incur that additional expense, and change
the provision of the law, I have no objection; but
J ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Having been
for several years on the Committee on Printing in
the other House, and not understanding exactly !
how much expense this amendment will involve, j
and as there is no probability of getting through
the bill to clay, I move theSenate do now adjourn, j
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall go on and i
get the bill reported to the Senate, at least, to day.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I have an
additional section to offer myself, which I know
will not be gotten through with in less than two
or three hours. I believe this is the first adjourn-
ment I ever moved in my life; but I know I am
right now.
The motion was agreed to; and
The Senate ad journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 29, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. COBB. 1 rise to a privileged question;
and before I make any remarks, 1 desire to state
that, in anything I may say, I do not intend to cast
any reflections upon the Speaker, because I know
the difficulty he has in hearing. When the motion
was made on yesterday evening to go to the busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, I made three dis-
tinct objections to it, which can be testified to by
twenty-five men present; but the Speaker did not
hear me. The gentleman who has the bill in
charge first taken up—the indigent insane bill—is
confined to his room. 1 was opposed to taking
the bill up because the friends of the measure
were not present to advocate it. 1 am in favor of
the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, is this in
order'
Mr. COBB. I am not going to be out of order.
Several Members. State your point of order.
Mr. COBB. My point of order is, that I made
three distinct objections to going to the business
upon the Speaker's table; but the Speaker, J sup-
pose, did not hear me. I think that the House
might agree, by unanimous consent, that the bill
to which I refer should go back, and resume its
place upon the Speaker's table; and then, when
we proceed legitimately to the business upon the
table, it will come up first in order.
The SPEAKER. In justice to himself, the
Chair begs leave to say to the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Cobb] that he did not hear the objec-
tions made by him, and did not know what the
bill was, as some one was conversing with him at
the time—although it was read—until a motion
was made for the previous question. He then
1 earned, from the conversation u pon the floor rather
than from the reading of the title, what the bill
was. The Chair certainly could not have been
influenced by any improper motives.
Mr. COBB. The House, I ihink, ought to allow
the bill to go back upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Jonls,] who made the motion in rela-
tion to this bill, is not in his seat, and I shall object
to any disposition beingmade ofit, if I havepower
to do so, until that gentleman shall be in his seat.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Cobb]
as raising a question of order, but as making a
proposition to the House.
Mr. COBB. 1 hope the friends of the measure
will consent that the bill shall resume its place on
the Speaker's table.
The SPEAKER. Reports arenowin order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENN. I desire to report back Senate
bill No. 92, being •' a bill for the benefit of settlers
and occupants of the town of Council Bluffs, in
Iowa," and I ask to have it put upon its passage.
I will merely state to the House, that it is but a
simple proposition to allow the people of Council
Bluffs to enter the lands on which their town is
situated at $1 25 per acre.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from Iowa will be good enough to suspend
his remarks until the bill is reported.
The title of the bill was read by the Clerk, as
follows:
Act for the benefit of the citizens and occupants
of the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa.
The bill was then read in extenso.
Mr. HENN. I would state, Mr. Speaker, for
the information of the House, that by the act of
May 23, 1844—the general act on the subject—
the town is authorized to enter a half section of
the land on which it is located. The town of Coun-
cil Bluffs is laid off and built in ravines. It is an
old Mormon town, having been originally settled
by that people. It is built in ravines extending a
mile up, consequently the whole of the town does
not come on any one half section; and it is there-
fore necessary to give its citizens and occupants
the right to enter a whole section, in order that
they may compromise the entire of the town within
it. This bill—which has been passed by the Sen-
ate—merely gives to the inhabitants the benefit of
entering, at the price of $1 25 per acre, a whole
section instead of the half section which they were
authorized to enter by the act of Congress of May
23, 1844. I presume there will be no objection
here to the bill. It was unanimously agreed upon
by the Committee on Public Lands in both
Houses. I therefore ask, Mr. Speaker, for its
passage at this time.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and subsequently read a third time, and passed
The SPEAKER. Reports are still in order from
the Committee on Public Lands.
INDIGENT INSANE.
Mr. DISNEY. I desire to submit a report from
the Committee on Public Lands, which I send to
the Clerk's desk for the purpose of Us being read.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to read the re-
port, which is adverse to the House bill referred
to that committee, making a grant of public lands
to the several States and Territories in the Union
for the benefit of the indigent insane persons.
Before the Clerk had finished the reading of the
report,
Mr. ORR said: I desire to inquire of my friend
from Ohio what purpose he proposes to accom-
plish ill having this report read?
Mr. DISNEY. The reading is two thirds
through with, and I desire that the House should
hear it.
Mr. ORR. It is rather unusual to have papers
of this character read in open House. I think it
would have been much better to have had it
printed, and allow members to read it for them-
selves.
Mr. DISNEY. My object is to have the report
printed, but inasmuch as it is upon ar^ry import-
ant subject, I think it desirable that it should be
read through. I will again state to the gentleman
that the reading of the report is two thirds through,
and I hope no objection will be made to its being
finished.
j Mr. ORR. I will say to my friend fr8m Ohio,
| that if the reading is nearly completed, I will not
I now object; but if I had known at the outset the
j length of the document, I should have objected. 1
i think it is much better to follow the usual course,
and have these documents printed without reading.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to ask if the report is
accompanied by a bill ?
Mr. DISNEY. I hope gentlemen will not
take up any more of the time of the committee
by objections. The reading will be through in a
minute or two, if they will allow it to go on.
Mr. HAVEN. I was not objecting to the
reading of the report. I inquired if it was accom-
panied with a bill ?
The SPEAKER. It does accompany a bill.
Mr. BENNETT. At this point I will say to
the House that I have a minority report to make
in favor of the bill. I have it in my hands, and
if the majority report is read to the House, I shall
ask that the minority report may also be read as
soon as the reading of the other is completed. -
Mr. DISNEY. I have no objection to the gen-
tleman's report being read. I hope the reading
will be proceeded with.
Mr. KERR. I desire to know if the objection
of a single member can prevent the further reading
j of this report?
1 The SPEAKER. If objection be made to the
j reading of a document, the question must be put
' to the House whether leave shall be granted,
i Mr. DISNEY. I hope the gentleman from
| North Carolina will not object.
i Mr. KERR. 1 have never before objected to
anything in this House; but it is impossible to
hear the report as read from the Clerk's desk, even
if any good purpose were to be accomplished by it.
If the gentleman from Ohio has any object in
having the House listen to this reading at this
! time, I will not object; but 1 really do not see what
I object can be accomplished by it. 1 object to the
] fuither reading.
j Mr. COBB. The gentleman from North Caro-
I lina desires to know the reason why this report
should be read. I will give him a reason, and a
reason which I think will be satisfactory to him
and-to the House. I happen to beSne of the mi-
nority of the committee which has reported against
this bill. I am myself in favor of the bill, and 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it in order to debate
j the bill at this stage of the proceedings ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman from North Car-
olina desired to hear a reason why the reading of
j this report should be proceeded with, and I rose
for the purpose of giving that reason.
Mr. KERR. I withdraw my objection.
The Clerk then proceeded with the reading of
: the report.
Mr. DISNEY then claimed the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
j from Ohio to allow me to make a counter report
to that which has just been read, and to have it
lead also. It is unfair, I think, to submit a long
argument upon one side of a question and refuse
to hear the other side.
Mr. DISNEY. I have no objection to the pre-
sentation of the minority report.
Mr. BENNETT. Then I ask the consent of
the House to allow me to present a minority
report, and to have it read.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask for a vote of the
House on the question of the reading of the report.
I say that it is unfair to allow a long report upon
one side to be read, and then to refuse a hearing
to the other side.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina objects to the reception of the report. It
cannot therefore be read.
Mr. BENNETT. Does the gentleman object
to the report being received? Well, I suppose I
have a right to make the report, the gentleman
