1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1646
ranted by the te timony before me—the magistrate having
certified that the applicant's counsel was present at the
examination of the witnesses, and declined asking any
cross-mterrogatoi ics.
F will state, futlher. that the counsel of Colonel Colt
seemed tn rest his case on the points of Jaw alluded to m
my decision If these had been decided in fits favor, it
wiit readily be seen that the testimony would have been
imnmtei ial. He took no testimony on the point of profits,
and apparently paid no regaid to that subject.
Iietnain voms, very truly, CHARLES MASON.
Hon. B. I>. Thurston.
National IIotfl, Washington. January, 1854.
Sir : In reply to your letter of the 7th instant,*! have to
sav that it will give me great pleasure to make any state-
ment of facts which will prevent injustice to ativ one, and
especially iri regard to any proceeding in which 1 have been
engaged a<? counsel. In relation to the matter on winch
you desire inhumation, th<> facts are—that the testimony
which was taken in Unit case, to prove the [imfiis ofjMr.
Colt, was taken in the absence of VI i. Dickerson, Mr. Colt's
counsel, and, therefore, without cross examination. The
propei and legal notice had heen mven to Mr. Dioker'oti to
attend, but he was encaged tn the anruoient of a cause out
of town, and the tnrJPfor taking testimony had so nearly
expired as to not admit of postponement. A clerk from Mr.
I)icker« n'i- ollice attended the examination, and stated the
fact of Mr. Dicker-oil's absence, and declined to crosr. ex-
amine, as he said he knew nothing of the subject, and had
no authority to do s>o.
In logaul to the second question propounded, T have only
to say. that I was informed that the witnos-es winch vveie
examined on the cost of manufacture had been engaged in
the manufacture of arms which were adjudged by the courts
to be an infringement on Mi. Colt's patent, and in conse-
quence of which I considered them the bettei qualified to
speak of the cost ot pioduction. Whether the arms which
were made by the in were ai- good or as expensive as tho^e
made by Mr. (Jolt, I do not know. Mv questions to these
witnes.se>. were based upon the assumption that thej had
nil the proper machinery with winch to opeiate, and an that
assumption I inquired what, m their judgment, u would
cost to make the arms. Verv respectfully, vours,
GKORGE'GIFFORD.
Hon. Charles Mason, Commissioner oj Patent*.
Mr. STEVENS, continued: Here, then, I
will say briefly, in evidence, that the testimony
which was taken was all upon one side. What
other evidence may have been produced before the
Commissioner of Patents we do not know. It is
not here. The Commissioner undoubtedly was
justified in the decision to which he came; but I
say to the members before me that that decision
should not be regarded as a finality in this matter.
I ask again, is there any evidence that IVlr. Colt
has made a fortune out of his invention ? Sir, I
do not propose to take up the time of the commit-
tee by reading the evidence which I have before
me upon this subject. But, sir, I have m my
possession affidavits from men in Mr. Colt's em-
ploy, stating positively, that up to this time all the
funds received by Mr. Colt have been reinvested
for the purpose of carrying on the business; not
for the purpose of making a fortune, but for the
purpose of perfecting the machinery, and to make
more complete the iristiument we are now talking
about; and this will be readily understood by the
committee when T say—and I pledge my word for
it—that the instruments used m the manufacture
of Colt's pistols are almost innumerable, each
having a fixed and particular purpose. This fit e-
arm is composed of a vast number of pieces, any
one of which, when lost, can easily be supplied
again. Whatever part is injured or lost on the
field of battle or elsewhere, can instantly be sup-
plied inconsequence of the extrene accuracy with
which each and every component part of the
instrument is constructed. To accomplish this
result a great variety of tools and instruments are
necessary; and these, I assure gentlemen of the
committee, from most satisfactory and conclusive
evidence, can be used for the purposes for which
they are designed,and none other. Therefore, if
Mr. Colt's establishment be broken up, all these
instruments and tools are lost to him; for they can
be used, I repeat, for no other purpose. And I
say to you, Mr. Chairman, that if his establish-
ment be broken up, that there will spring up all over
the country sirni'ar ones for the construction of
similar but inferior weapons out of cast-iron. The
weapons manufactured by Mr. Colt are almost all
mad© of cast-steel, and thus the danger of burst-
ing, or easily breaking, is prevented. There is
less danger to the carrier. Those weapons man-
ufactured of cast-iron, it is well known, are always
liable to burst, and are indeed more dangerous at
the breech than at the muzzle; more liable to hurt
the holder than the enemy pointed at.
We ask that Mr. Colt may have his patent ex-
tended, so that he may further perfect and improve
his instrument. He is improving each day in the
manufacture. New and improved tools in instru-
ments are made each day for the greater perfection
m the manufacture of the instrument.
Another point : I soy to you, Mr. Chairman,
and to this committee, that I am satisfied Mr.
Colt is not the wealthy man he is supposed
to be. 1 have here sworn evidence from men in
his employ that he has not yet made a fortune.
Now 1 know that I shall be told, in reply, that the
contrary is the truth; that it is not true that Mr.
Colt is not a wealthy man, and that he flourishes,
displays the possession of large means, and spends
his money freely. I have no doubt that hp spends
his money liberally; and were this the proper
place and time, I might state how Mr. Colt, with
a fiee and lioeral hand, poured out his money for
public purposes and the public benefit.
But i only ask for the biil a fair and full consid-
eration. Let gentlemen examine the testimony in
the case, and not be governed by mere heaisay.
If the committeecome to the conclusion, after such
just and deserved consideration, that the proposi-
tion is a fraud and an imposture, let it be voted
down; but, on the other hand, if the extension is
right and proper, let it begranted.
Mr. BLISS. Mr. Chairman, I should not have
felt it incumbent on me to make any remarks upon
this bill, but I had endeavored to obtain all the
light the sources of light would furnish us on the
subject. I had supposed that the proceedings—
the application on the part of the patentee had
been conducted with fairness and honorable man-
liness. It was my conclusion, from what 1 knew
myself, and from the expressions i had heard from
the mouths of different gentlemen upon this floor,
that the application, m this case, was distinguished
from other applications, on account of the honor-
able and manly bearing of the patentee.
1 was somewhat startled at the extiaordinary
announcement made upon the floor by the honor-
able gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr. Cling -
maw,] that the corrupting influence of money and
bribery had been resorted to by this applicant,
whether to affect, directly or indirectly, the minds
of members of this House, I do not know, nor
is it material, but to procure the consummation of
his object—the passage of this bill, i thought
when the gentleman from North Carolina was
called upon for the authority upon which that
statement was based, that it was due to the mem-
bers of this body that he should e;ive it promptly,
and without any hesitation. In a proceeding of
this kind, wheie we propose to administer equity
and justice under discretion, and not by fixed
rules of law, in determining1 the vote I would give,
I would not tolerate an individual under such cir-
cumstances m approaching this body, as the appli-
cant is charged with approaching u; and I must be
permitted to say to the gentleman from North
Carolina, inasmuch as he denies the possession of
positive information upon the subject, but relies
upon rumor for the truth of his statement, that I
disbelieve that rumor. It does not comport with
my own knowledge or experience, or with that
of other gentlemen who have expressed their
views upon this subject. So much for that branch
of the question.
My own vie.vs of the policy and theory of the
patent system do not seem to comport with the
views of the gentleman from North Carolina. I
hold, and it is the doctrine of the law, and it is
enforced by statute, that where an individual, b^Hj
virtue of his skill, his acquirements, or his native |
ingenuity, has been able to produce an invention -j
or improvement in the arts or sciences, that it is
his own property; it is the child of his own infel- |
lect; and if the Government will secure to him the !
exclusive benefit of his own invention, it is not a j
monopoly m the ordinary sense of that term, '
although I know the British Parliament saw fit L
to entitle its patent laws statutes of monopoly. I j;
know the word monopoly is used in France, and !{
I know it has been used to some extent as appli-
cable in the definition of our patent laws in this
country; but, nevertheless, a patent is not a monop-
oly. It is to secure to the diseovererand inventor
a right to what he has himself produced, and it
infringes upon no other man's right of production;
it infringes upon no other man's risrht to the use
of his property and the results of his intellect. It
is nor, therefore, a monopoly.
The policy m enlightened countries upon this
subject has been liberal to the inventor, because
liberality to the inventor secures the public benefit.
No man knows, or can conceive the infinite vari-
ety there is in the combinations of machinery.
No man can judge that, because many useful in-
ventions have been made, others may not also be
made equally useful, and more so. And hence
it is the policy of the law and of reason to stim-
ulate the inventive genius of the country; for
thereby progress and improvement are secured.
Hence, the law sets men's minds to work, under
the stimulus of motive to prosecute studies, and
discoveries, and inventions, by securing to individ-
uals who shall make a useful discovery, or a use-
ful invention, the right to the benefits resulting
from it for a limited period of time. A restriction
on the public from imitating a useful invention
should not be perpetual, ft is limited to a brief
space of time. It is also in keeping with thedoc-
trines of the patent laws of this country, that if an
individual should by accident be unable to reduce
his invention to practice, or should by any
other state of circumstances be prevented from
availing himself of the fair and appropriate profits
which, under ordinary circumstances, would result
from the employment of this invention, there
shall be, m view of such circumstances, a further
chance to reap his reward by extending his patent.
Now, suppose it to be true, that Mr. Colt has
made some money—somehalfa million of dollars,
or, if you please, even a million—out of his in-
version—-I say to you that a sufficient answer to
that argumentis, that this is a great invention;
that its value is not to be measured by the profits
he has received, or by anything like that; but its
value is to be estimated by millions untold to this
nation, and by millions to the world. Every-
body will concede that. No man undertakes to
impugn the usefulness of Coit's pistol or revolving
arms. But gentlemen say that, m consideration of
having bestowed this great and almost inestimable
advantage on the world, after having: suffered years
of penury and toil, after having had his patent sold
out, and after having succeeded, m the lapse of
many years, in some manner, by reinvesting:
himself with the title to the patent by a sale in
chancery, through a receiver, he has had of late
better success. They argue that since the exten-
sion of the patent for seven years, subsequently
to the first grant, he has begun to accumulate an
immense fortune. Nobody pretends to know
how large the fortune is; some say it is half a
million of dollars, and some say it is a million;
and some would limit it to a much smaller sum
than the first; while, still again, some douht
whether he has derived any profit from it at all.
But the best evidence that we have on the subject
to-day is, that Mr. Colt is not worth a dollar in
the world beyond his investment in these manu-
factures. Now, I say it is a narrow and illiberal
view of the subject to say that the discoverer and
producer of an invention so valuable to mankind
.should be denied the reasonable request which he
asks, for carrying out an equivalent to his first
fourteen years patented term, because he is not in
the gutter, and too poor to rise therefrom.
But again: the provisions of this bill are such
as to guard the interests of the Government care-
fully. While Mr. Colt is allowed what they call
a monopoly of his invention, so far as the world
at Iarjjeis concerned, this Government has secured
to itself, by a provision in this bill—if it passes—
the ri«ht to manufacture Colt's arms, and to use
his invention, and treat it, in all respects,as though
it had not been patented by law at all.
Well, now, it is manifest to the House that his
principal prospect of sale is to the Government of
the United States, so far as those sales can be
made in this country. The Government is the
great user of arms. The Government is the power
which is called upon to use them. They are an
appropriate arm to be used in our Army, and ap-
propriate to be kept in ouraimories and arsenals.
The Government, then, would be the principal
purchaser. But the Government is relieved from
the operation of Colt's patent; and, so far as they
are concerned, there is no monopoly, and he is,
therefore, compelled to rely upon that patent, so
far as it promotes his dealings with the com-
munity generally. Now, it seems to me that Mr.
Colt's request is a reasonable one. If it be un-
true—as t believe it to be, and founded upon a
simple mistake—that corrupting and improper
influences have been resorted to by Mr. Colt, to
operate upon the minds of the members of this
House, I think the report which has been made
in the Senate upon this subject, and the report
