788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 29,
from Ohio having yielded me the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection to the report
beiw; received, but I object to its being read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Di.^n'ey] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BENNETT. The gentleman from Ohio
has yielded me the floor; and 1 want the Chair to
rale whether i have a right to make the report.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Disney] submit any motion r
Mr. DISNEY. I move that the report just sub-
mitted be laid upon the table and printed, and that
the bill accompanying it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. If not objected to, that order
will be made.
Mr. COBB. I object to the reference.
Mr. BENNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to include the minority report in his motion
to print, { will waive the reading of it.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
two reports will he upon the table, and be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
The question recurred on referiing the bill to
the Committee of the Whole uri the state of the
Union.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the vote is taken,
I think that the report from the majority of the
committee w a very able and important one, and
expresses some very wholesome tiuths, and that
Jt would be very important to send a good many
copies of it to the country. I theiefore move that
ten thousand extra copies of it be printed.
The motion w? s referred, under the rule, to the
Commntee on Printing.
Mr. BENNETT. I move for the printing of
the same number of extra copies of the mmoiity
report.
Thin motion received the same reference as the
foreirouvc one.
Mr. HAVEN. I would like to inquire if it is
in order to move that a special committee be
appointed, to whom this bill may be referred ? I
believe that, m the last Congress, a bill of this
character took that direction. It certainly is a
bill of great importance; in connection with which
a very able repoit, has been rmnle by the chairman
of the Committee on Public Lands. It is due to
the friends of the bill to have an opportunity of
answering in a way, at least, which will be so far
Mr. HAMILTON. Is there not a motion
pending that the bill be referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the slate of the Union 2
Mr. HAVEN. I move that it be referred to a
special committee.
The SPEAKER. That motion would not be
in oider except by the unanimous consent of the
House
Mr. HAMILTON. I object to the motion of
the jr^nileman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The motion pending is to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. DEAN. Is that motion debatable?
M r. HAVEN. Does the motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole prevent a motion to refer
to any other committee?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
Mr. HAVEN. Is there not a special commit-
tee upon this subject.
The SPEAKER. There is no such special
committee. Before a vote enn be taken upon the
motion of the gentleman from New Yoik to refer
tins bill to a special committee, the motion to refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union must be first disposed of.
Mr. HAVEN. 1 so understand it. It occurred
to me that it would be in order to move to refer
tne bill to a select committee, to be appointed by
the Chair, consisting of nine members, which is
the course that has been heretofore taken in regard
to this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will entertain
tne motion indicated by the gentleman from New j
York, after the motion to refer the bill to the Com- i
mi! tee of the Whole on the state of the Union has 1
been disposed of. i
Mr. DEAN. These motions are debatable, I :
believe. ;
The SPEAKER. They are debatable; but the
g-endenmn /Vom Ohio [Mr. Di^nly] has the floor.
Mr. DEAN. I call for the reading of the bill.
The bill having been read through by the Clerk,
Mr. DISNEY. Mr. Speaker,^! desire-  
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The previous
question has been demanded, consequently no fur-
ther debate is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, what is the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. It is on referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. COBB. Oh, we do not want it to be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole; we want it
passed.
The House was then divided on seconding the
demand for the pievious question, and fifty-nine
members voted in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers.
Tellers weie ordered; and Pvlessrs. Hendricks
and Bocock were appointed such tellers.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 72, noes 51. So there was a sec-
ond.
The question then recurring upon ordering the
|j mam question to be put—
Mr. WARREN moved to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. BENNETT. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and decided in the
II negative—yeas 71, nays 89; as follows:
YFAS—Mc-hs. Aiken, James 0. Allen, Willis AHen,
A.^he, Thomas 11. Ba\Iv, Batk-dak, Harry, Hfii, Hoeoek,
I jSojre, C.iuulii'i*, Ca^kie, Ch.i^tam, ChiiMnun, John G.
[' Da\ is, fk-rm. Dent, DiMiey, Hovvdell, Eastman, Eddy, Hd-
ij morion, Elliott, Kliwm, Fuller, Ooode, Orow, Hamilton,
fj Sampson W. Flarn*, Wiley I*. Jlarik, lla-tings, Hendricks,
j lleim, Hthbard, Houston, JolmMH), Daniel T. Jones, George
ij W. June', Roland Jones. Keiff, Knhvell, T\ittied<re, J_a-
|i tham, Maedonald, MeMnllin. McNair, Mefinccn, Maev,
\'. .Maxwell. Million, M'nray, IViehoN, Old.-, <>tr, John Per-
kwi-i, Powell, Itee-e, Ko'dun^, Ruthii, Seward, Shannon,
S!m\v, Cemt Smith, William Smith, Ceoiye W. Smyth,
Sn<>d'.'i<i:<N Variant, WaKh, Wauen, John Weiiltvoith,
and Daniel }\. WnirliT—? 1.
\ VYS—Aheieiomhie, Appleton, Helcbnr, Den-
nett, Huj.% Caijumter, ('hardier, Chmehwell, ClniL'man,
('ohb, ('ook, Corwm, Co\, Culloni, Thomas Davis. Daw-
sou. hu k, Dxkin^on, Ouubnr, Fduiands English, Flhe-
rnh'f, Everhart, Karley, denton, Flacler, Floienee, Oood-
iieli, Ciev, Aaron Ilailan, Harrison, Haven, Hill, Howe,
Hunt, Dt<reiM>II. kejr, Knox, Kmt/,, Lane, I.illv, Inndley,
iMet'ulloeii, MeDouirall, Afattc-on, John (2 Miller. Siniih
Aliilei, i\otton, Taeker, Parkei, Peek, Peekiiam, Penning-
ton, Hilltop Perkins, riiei{w, Pratt, Pie-ton, Prmjjlc, I'ur-
\eai, Ite.ulv, David Ritchie, Thomas Ritcln-y, Ku^ell,
S.iliin, Sapp. Seymour, Simmons, Smuh-ton. Skejton,
Samuel \. Smith, Williaiii R. Smith, Straub, John J.
Ta\ loi, John L. Taylor, Tmn.-^on, Ttaev, 'J'ront, Trpham,
Wade, Walker, Walley, Fllihn R. Wa-diburne, Israel
Washburn, WelK.Tappan Wentvvoith, We^tbrook,Wheel-
er, Hcnduek B. Wright, and ZolheolVer—!59.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. C01U3. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. PECKHAM. If this motion is defeated,
will the next question be upon putting the bill upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. If the House refuses to refer
the bill, as a matter of course the question will
be upon the third reading of the bill.
Mr. PECKHAM. Is this the Senate or House
bill?
The SPEAKER. It is the House bill.
\ Mr. COBB. I call for the yeas and nays upon
I the pending motion.
i Mr. LATHAM. Is it in order to move that
! the rules be suspended, and the House resolve
j itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
I of the Union ?
1 The SPEAKER. It is not. The previous
. question having been seconded, and the main ques-
! tion ordered, it must be now put.
I The question was then taken on the motion to
; refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union; and decided m the affirmative
—yeas 83, nays 72; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, James 0. Allen. Willis Allen,
A-die, Tliom-if II. Ba\ Iv, Bark-daie. I'any, Hell, Rhxs, Bo-
cock, Hovee, Caruther*, Caskie, Chasfain, Chrnman,
('hiuchwell, (Jhnguian, Cnrfi?, John G. Davis, Dawson,
Dean, D<mt, Disney, DowdoU, Ha-hnan, Eddy, Edsrerton,
KIIhoo. Faulkner, Fenton, Fuller, Oiow, Hamilton^ Ilast-
msr-. liemliieks, fienn. Hibbard. Houvfon, Johnson. Darnel
T. Jones, (/eofgn W. Jones, Roland Jone*, K>iU, Kidwell,
JCittredap. 7>Dtlnm, T,mdley, ^Ic^fnilin. McNnir, McQueen,
r.Iacy, lUawvell, May, Smith Miller, Mill-on, Murray, ;
Nichols, Olds, Orr, Packci, John Perkins, Phelps, I'owelJ, I
, Rees-e, KobMns, Knffin, Seward, Shannon, Shaw, Gcrrit
. Sinttii, William Siinih,Geoigc W Smyth, Snodi/ia^. Ricii-
' ard H. Stanton, John J. Taylor, Variant, Wade, W.il-sh,
Wairen, Wells, John Wenlworth, Witte, and Darnel B.
; Wu^ht—8H.
' NAYS—Abercrombic, Applefon. Hari'js, Belcher,
. Bennett, ! ULrg, (Jaroenter, Chanllei, Cold) Cook, f'm win,
I Cox, CuHom, Th-una^ Jiavis, lack. Dickinson, Dunbar,
I Edmand-, EthmuL'e. r.verhnrt, Farley, Flagler, Florence,
S Goodrich, Grey, Aaion Harlan, Ilanison, flaven, Hill,
I Howe, Hunt, In^ersoll, Kerr. Knox, Kintz, Lane, Lilly,
! ^ieCulIo(d), John G. Biiller, Norron, Parkei, Peek, Peck-
; ham, Pcnninfilon, BKh« p Peikin^, Pratt, Primrio, Pur>ear,
i Ready, David Ritchie, Jliis--efl, c?abm, Jstepp, Seymour,
[ Simmons, Skelton, vSamuej A. Smith. William R. Smith,
! Straub,John L. Tayloi. Thn^ton, Tracy, Tiout, Upbarn,
i Walker. Walley, Kllihu 13. Wasiiburne, Urael VVashhurn,
Taj>pan Wentwoitii, Wheeler, ilcnduck B. Wught, and
Zoihcoirer— rZ.
So the bill was referred.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of ihe Whole on the state of the
Union.
[j Mr. HAMILTON. I rise to a question of
privilege. 1 move that the vote by which the bill
last under consideration was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union he
reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider do
he upon the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK. I now ask for a vote upon my
motion.
APPRENTICES FOU THE NAVY, ETC.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the gentleman from
Virginia to give way to allow me to ask the unan-
imous consent cf the House to introduce a bill, of
which previous notice has been given, for the
purpose of having it referred.
Air. J30C0CK. I will give way for that pur-
pose, if no one objects.
Theie was no objection, and
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, in-
I1 troduced ua bill to piovide for apprentices in the
K United States naval service, revenue service, and
:! marine:" which wan read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee or*
Naval Affairs.
STEAM FRIGATES FOR THE NAVY.
Mr. COCOOK. Before asking a vote on the
motion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, I desire to submit another
motion, which I suppose has preference; I move
the usual resolution to close debate upon the steam
frigate bill at two o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CLINGMAN. That is too early; I hope
the gentleman will say in two hours after its con-
sideration shall have been resumed to-morrow.
Mr. BOCOCK. Tlie speeches which are to be
made upon the Nebraska question can just as well
be made upon any other bill. I suppose there will
be no more general debate upon the steam frigate
bill.
Mr. COX. That is a very short time for the
discussion upon a hill of this importance. I hope
the Ilouse will not close debate upon it at that
time.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I would
suggest, in addition, that to-morrow is private bill
day, and that will limit the time for debate still
further.
Mr. BOCOCK. To-morrow is Thursday, and
fi therefore not private bill day. At the lequestof
I: my friend fiom North Carolina, [Mr. Clingmast,}
j: however, I will so far modify the resolution as to
! fix the time—two hours after the committee shall
- resume the consideration of the bdl to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I am opposed
| to the lesobmon of the gentleman from Virginia,
and I hope the House will vote it down. It is
allowing: too little time for discussion.
! Mr. BOCOCK. I will say to the gentleman,
- that if 1 thought any gentleman desired to speak
, upon the subject of the bill, I should be disposed
; to give ihe largest opportunity; but the speeches
: all seem to be upon the subject of Kansas and
Nebraska, and they can be delivered just as well
i upon another hill, which will come up as soon as
I this is disposed of.
| Mr. HOUSTON. I ask that the resolution
! may be read as it now stands,
i The Clerk read the resolution.
| Mr. FLAGLER. I would ask the Speaker if
j it does not require the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce the resolution?
