78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec 21,
say. I feel, although 1 may not have sufficient
reasons for doing so, that if this great interest is to
go into the hands of the Committee on Commerce,
there is an end to all hope for the continuance of
our great improvements in the interior; at least, I
feel assured that the friends of the system ought
to make the reference to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. Although no pledge to call for the
previous question was exacted from me as a con-
dition to yielding me the floor, 1 now submit that
motion, unless some gentleman desires to reply to
what has been said.
Mr. PHILIPS. I would be obliged to the gen-
tleman from Ohio if he would withdraw his call
for the previous question, that 1 may submit a few
remarks on the subject under consideration.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, if the gentleman will renew it
when he concludes.
Mr. PHILIPS. Mr. Speaker, I do not desire
that I shall be understood as making any imputa-
tion upon the Committee on Roads ana Canals.
It was not for any favor which I anticipated from
the Committee on Commerce, or for any disfa-
vor which I apprehended from the Committee on
Roads and Canals, that induced me to frame the
resolution as it how is. At the last session of Con-
gress, the Committee on Commerce reported a bill
making appropriations for works of internal im-
provement. The resolution before the House
instructs that committee to inquire how far we
should proceed with those works. What! is it not
proper to refer to the very committee which ap-
propriated money for the construction of works,
the inquiry whether those works should be con-
tinued; or is it proper, as in the estimation of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Dunham,] to take
from a committee which commenced a system of
internal improvements and refer it to another com-
mittee, an inquiry whether those works should be
prosecuted or not?
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the gentleman's
permission, I will say a word in relation to the in-
ternal improvement bill of the last session. Nearly
all the appropriations in that bill for the West
originated, not in the Committee on Commerce,
but in the House and the Senate.
Mr. FULLER. I desire to correct the gentle-
man in relation to the distribution of the appro-
priations in the bill for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, which came from the Committee on
Commerce at the last session of Congress.
That committee, sir, after giving the subject a
patient and careful consideration, agreed to report
a bill upon the basis that it should be reasonable
in its amount—about a million of dollars—which
was all that the Government corps of engineers
could expend in one year; and that it should be
equally distributed, one third upon the Atlantic
sea-board, one third upon the lake shore, and one
third upon the Mississippi and its tributaries. In
conformity to the result of that consideration, the
bill was reported, and after having been so report-
ed, and after having been passed by the House, it
was sent to the other wing of the Capitol, and the
friends of the bill in this House, and the commit-
tee, had the painful reflection of seeing it there
loaded down with amendments, and converted
into a most incongruous bill.
Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Philips] allow me to say a single
word ? 1 shall not consume much of his time.
Mr. PHILIPS. If I should yield to the gentle-
man, I must yield to members all around the
House, and the debate would run into the discus-
sion of topics which are not at all germane to the
subject under consideration, and I must therefore
decline.
Mr. EWING. I should have finished what I
had to say in the time which the gentleman has
consumed in declining to yield.
Mr. PHILIPS. I was stating to the House
the reason why I worded the resolution as it is.
It was because the Committee on Commerce had
reported the bill. They were, therefore, best pre-
pared to say whether they could complete and
execute all those works, or only a portion of them.
They were better prepared to do so than any other
committee. Besides, I stated, not upon my own
authority—for I am but a new member here—
but upon the authority of others, and upon the
authority of my own reading of former proceed-
ings of this House, that my motion, so far from
an unexampled one, properly conforms to
the action of this House upon former occasions.
As I understand it, the rule has been, for many
years past, that the harbor and river bill should
be reported from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DUNHAM. If the gentleman will allow
me a word, I will say that I think he will find
himself mistaken. I think that bill has never been
referred, by unanimons consent, to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. PHILIPS. I did not say it had been done
by unanimous consent. I stated the action of the
House, and not the means by which that action
had been arrived at. I say that, generally, the bill
for the improvement of rivers and harbors had
proceeded from the Committee on Commerce, and
i am sustained in that assertion by the oldest and
most experienced members of this House. The
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Dunham] says that
committee is not the appropriate one, under the
rules of the House, and that if the practice of the
House was such as I stated it to be, the practice
was in opposition to the rules of the House. But
the gentleman hus wholly failed to show any rule
by which a bill for the improvement of harbors
should be referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. Now, sir, the improvement of har-
bors constitutes one of the most important por-
tions of the jurisdiction of this Government. And
yet, sir, the rule of the House to which he refers
is entirely silent in reference to harbors; and if it
was intended to embrace a matter of so much im-
portance and dignity as the improvement of the
harbors of the country, it would be extraordinary
indeed that it should be omitted.
The gentleman seems to think there is no pro-
priety in the idea of referring this to the Committee
on Commerce. A large portion of.the members
of this House only maintain the constitutionality
of this measure, as far as it is connected with the
jurisdiction of Congress over the commerce of the
country.
The mouths of rivers, which are to a great ex-
tent themselves harbors, are within the appro-
priate jurisdiction of this very committee; and I
proposed to refer the subject to them, because
standing, as I do with many others, in denying
the constitutionality of any action of this Govern-
ment in making roads and canals, I am compelled
to admit the constitutional right of this House to
regulate the commerce of this country, by erect-
ing light-houses and building piers, and which I
believe is justified by the contemporaneous his-
tory of the country at the time of the adoption of
the Constitution. I therefoie proposed the refer-
ence to the Committee on Commerce, because I
considered it an appropriate reference. I hope,
therefore, that the motion for reconsideration will
not prevail.
Mr. ORR. I move the previous question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. EWING. I hope the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question for a single mo-
ment. I wish to make a brief statement.
Mr. ORR. I cannot.
The SPEAKER. The Chair, with the per-
mission of the House, desires to state, that by the
25th rule, resolutions giving rise to debate must
go over. This resolution was introduced, the
previous question demanded upon it,and sustained
by the House, which cut off debate, and brought
the House to action upon the resolution. It was
passed through the House without debate; for if
debate had arisen upon its introduction, it must
have gone over. The 56th rule reads as follows:
" When a motion has been ono« made and carried in the
affirmative or negative, it shall he in order ior any member
of the majority to move for the reconsideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day, and such motion shall take
precedcncc of all other question?, except a motion to ad-
journ ; and shall not be withdrawn after the said or suc-
ceeding day without the consent of the House, and there-
after any member may call it up for reconsideration."
This resolution, upon amotion to reconsider,
gives rise to debate. The question is, whether or
not it shall go over. The Chair thinks, to make
these several rules consistent with each other, that
it would have been better to have held that the
motion to reconsider must be taken under the cir-
cumstances without debate. The House having
declared its purpose to reconsider the resolution,
the Chair in this case does not enforce the rule;
but in all cases hereafter he will decide that mo-
tions to reconsider must be taken without debate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
yeas and nays upon the motion to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon Mr. Went-
worth's motion, and there were—ayes 97, noes
not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to inquire of the
Chair if the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. I then move that the rules
of the House be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. COBB. I ask my colleague to withdraw
his motion for a moment, to allow me to introduce
a bill, of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the morning hour is
sufficient for these things. The State of Alabama
will be called in its order, and the gentleman wilt
tnen have an opportunity to introduce his bill. I
ask for the question upon my motion.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
president's message.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Orr in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the President's message, the
question pending being upon the adoption of the
resolutions of Mr. Houston, providing for the
reference of that document to the appropriate
standing committees, y
Mr. DEAN being entitled to the floor, rose and
addressed the Commiuee as follows:
He said: Mr. Chairman: Having at an early
day in the session given notice of my intention
to offer some resolutions in reference to the con-
duct of Captain Ingraham, and having yester-
day offered those resolutions, I stated at the time
of offering them that I supposed they would give
rise to no debate. I myself did not desire to de-
bate them, and they were referred to a committee
without debate. But almost immediately after
this occurrence, a colleague of mine [Mr. Smith]
commenced a debate upon the President's mes-
sage, and referred directly to Captain Ingraham's
conduct, and referred to it in a party aspect. Sir,
I regret this deeply. I regret that, upon a ques-
tion of this kind—a question which has no party
affinities—on a subject having reference to the
conduct of an officer of our Navy, in relation to
whom, I presume, not a man in the House knows
to which party he belongs—I say I regretdeeply,
that upon a subject of this kind, any attempt
should be made to connect it with party. For,
sir, I undertake to say, that the American
people—the will of the entire American people—
has been represented by the conduct of the Gov-
ernment; and I say here now, although we may
be divided upon some questions; although, in the
dispensation of offices, party lines must be ob-
served to some extent, yet the President is the
representative of the whole people, and not the
representative of* any party; and in this act,
which has challenged the attention of all men of
all parties, and, indeed, of the whole world, more
than any other single occurrence of the last quar-
ter of a century, the conduct of our Government
in sustaining its officers, has met the universal
approval of every party in this country, and all
classes of men throughout the world; and that the
question which lies at the bottom involves a prin-
ciple which should not be brought into the arena
of party politics; and I thank the gentleman from
Kentucky [!Vlr. Preston] for so gallantly coming
forward and defending the cond'uct of Captain
Ingraham and our Government in this affair.
Sir, I come not here to defend the Administra-
tion. I have nothing to do with that question
now, and utterly disclaim any such motive;, but I
cannot permit a remark or two which my col-
league from the Madison district [Mr. Smith]
made yesterday in refeience to our Government
to pass unnoticed. The gentleman told this com-
mittee, and through the committee has published it
to the world, that although Austriais a despotism,
yet this Government is a greater and a guiltier
oppressor than even Austria—that the American
Government, of which he forms a part, is a guil-
