1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78#
The SPEAKER. Itdoesnot. The resolution
is a privileged one,
Mr. DAVIo, of Rhode Island. I move to
amend the resolution, by fixing the time at a week
from to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The previous question having
been demanded, no amendment is in order.
The question was theft put on seconding the
cali for the previous question; and, on a division,
there were—ayes 40 
Mr. ROBBINS. f demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Cox and
Florence were appointed.
Mr. HAYEN. I wish to make a single inquiry
of the Chair. If the House should refuse to-mor-
row to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, what would be the effect
of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. That difficulty occurred to
the Choir, but he did not feel himself at liberty to
suggest it.
Mr, HOUSTON". I would like the gentleman
from Virginia to afford members an opportunity
of voting to close the debate in Committee of the
Whole to-morrow at two o'clock. That would
be definite.
Mr, BOCOCK. Many gentlemen object to so
early a closing of discussion on the bill. If it
be desired, I shall modify the resolution as sug-
gested.
Mr. HOUSTON". As the resolution nowstands,
we are all in suspense as to when the debate really
terminates. Let the time be definitely fixed; at
least, let the gentleman modify his resolution so
that the House may have an opportunity to vote
oa the proposition to close the debate to-morrow
at two o'clock.
Mr. BOCOCK. In compliance with the gentle-
man's suggestion, I will so modify my resolu-
tion.
The House was then divided on seconding the
call for the previous question; and there were—
ayes 66, noes 64. So there was a second.
The question then recurred on ordering the
mam question to be put.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution—
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to lay
theresolution upon the table, and upon that motion I
demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then put; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 63, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Me^r.s. Abercromhie, Appleton, Busjg. Carpen-
ter, Chandlei, Cook, Uoi win, Thomas. D.m>, Dean, Dick,
Dickinson, Eastman,Ei'Eerlon, Edntand^Rvt'iihirt. Farley,
Ffnton, Flagler, Goodrich} Grow, Aauui Harldn, llurii^on,
Hill. Howe, Daniel T. Jones Kitnedye, Knox, Ljon, Mc-
Culloch, Macv, Matte^on, John G. Miiler, Muitay, Nich-
ols, Nojton, Parker, Peck, Peckham, Bishop Petkuis,
Pnngie, Ready, David IUu?lne, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Shan-
non, Simmons, Hestor L. Stevens. John L. Taylor, Tracy,
Trout, Upham, Wade, Wahey, Walsh, Elhliu B. Wash-
burn*1, Washburn, Weil*, John Wentworth, Tap-
pan Wentworth, We«ibrook, Wheeler, and Yates—63.
NAYS—Me^is. Aik<;P, James. C. Allen, Willis Allen,
Appleton, Banks, Barry, Hell, Bocoek, Boyce, Caruthcrs,
Chavalit, OhrUman, Clinuman, Cobb, Cox, Cuitis, John
G. Davis, Dawson, Dent, Disney, DowdeU, Dunbar, Eddy,
Elliott, English, Efheridge, Faulkner, Floience, Fuller,
Goode, Green, Hamilton, Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P.
Hants, Ha«tinir$, Haven, Hemmoks, Hou-ton, Ilunt, fnsrer-
eolL Creorge W.Jones, Roland Jones, Keitt, Kerr, Kid-
well, Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lilly, Lmdlcy, MeMulhn,
McNair, McQueen, Maxwell, May, Mavall, Smith Miller,
Milton, Morrison, Olds, Mordecai Oliver, Ori, Packer,
John Perkins, Phelps, Powell, Pratt, Purvear. Reese, Utch-
aiii>ot). Thorna* Ritclmv, Robbms, Ruflm, Seward, Sey
muur, Shaw, Singleton, Skehon, Gemt Smith, Samuel A.
Snutu, William Smith, William R. Smith, George W.
Smjth, Snoriutass, Frederick P. Stanton,Richard H Stan-
ton, John J. Taylor, Thurston, Vansant, Walker, Warren,
Witte, Daniel H. Wright, and Ilendriek B. Wnglit—94.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The question rccurred on the adoption of the
resolution; and being put, it was decided in the
affirmative.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion*, and
it was agreed to.
Mr. BOCOCK then moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Hamilton
in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN stated that the business be-
fore the committee was the consideration of the
special^ order, being House bill (No. 52) " to
authorize the conduction of six first-class steam
frigates, and for other purposes;" upon which
the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr. Barksdale]
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BARKSDALE said he proposed to devote
the brief period of time to which he was entitled
under the rules of the House, to the investigation
of the bill to organize the territorial governments
of Kansas and Nebraska, and answer at least a few
of the objections which had been urged against
its passage; and it might be proper for him to re-
mark, in the commencement of what he intended
to say, that in this connection it was not his pur-
pose to enter into a discussion of the abstract
j question of slavery. So far as the argument was
I concerned, it was not necessary that he should do
; so. Neither would he discuss the general pro-
visions of the bill. They are similar to the details
of all bills organizing territorial governments,
which have from time to time been passed by Con-
gress; and he took it that it will meet with out lit-
tle, if any opposition, and certainly none on prin-
ciple.
The first objection lie had heard urged was, that
it was premature; that it is an anomaly in legisla-
tion, and that the white population of those Terri-
tories was not sufficient to demand the passage of
this bill. This objection, however honestly enter-
tained or plausible, will not stand the test of facts
and scrutiny; and however much we may have
objected to and doubted the propriety of the policy
generally of introducing this bill, it was now be-
fore the House, without any agency of theirs; and
now that it is here, it was their solemn duty to
examine it dispassionately, and discuss it frankly
and fully, and act on it with an eye single to the
best interests of thecountry. "They who have the
greatest facility for acquiring information, say that
there are American citizens in those Territories;
and one undoubted fact of this is, that they have
elected a Delegate to Confess, who is now here,
seeking, in the name of the people whom he rep-
resents, the protection of this Government.
He referred to other proofs in support of his re-
marks, and said no southern man, with the light
shed on this subject within a few years past, and
a knowledge of the exciting scenes of 1850, espe-
cially on the admission of California, can hesitate
as to the propriety of promptly passing this biif.
He likewise replied to other objections, insist-
ing that the bill made full and ample provision for
the protection of the Indians m those Territories.
As to the Missouri compromise, he did not view
it as a compact between the North and the South
to be preserved by the people forever. The South
acquiesced in it, but never indorsed it. The North
itself, however, had disregaided it in more in-
stances than one, and had repeatedly rejected it
when offered by the South.
Mr. B. spoke for one hour. A report of his
speech will be found in the Appendix.
Mr. NORTON next addressed the committee
on the same subject, and in opposition to the bill,
declaring that the Nebraska-Kansas bill was sin-
gular in us history, origin, and phraseology, by
reason of the many emendations it underwent
after it was reported in the Senate. Mr. N. spoke
an hour. A report of his speech will be found
in the Appendix.
Mr. KEITT obtained the floor,but yielded it to
Mr. WASEIBURNE, of Illinois, who moved
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The commit fee accordingly rose, and theSpeaker
having taken the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the special order, being House bill ** to authorize
the construction of six first-class steam frigates,
and for other purposes," and had come to no con-
clusion thereon.
COMMUNICATION FROM INTERIOR DEPART-
MENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 10th instant, containing informa-
tion as to the amount of appropriations which
have been made by the Government, from time to
time, for the benefit of the Cherokee Indians east,
and the Cherokee Indians west, of the Missis-
sippi, from 1815 to January, 1834; and also stating
under what law or treaty each appropriation was
made.
On motion by Mr. McMULLIN, the commu-
nication was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
On motion by Mr. HAVEN, the House then
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 30, 1,854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
GEOGRAPHICAL LIBRARY.
Mr. EVERETT. I am requested, sir, to pre-
sent the memorial of the cornmittee^f the Amer-
ican Association for the Advancement of Science,
recommending the establishment of a geograph-
ical department in the Library of Congress.
This is a very able memorial, and presents, in
a very striking light, the importance of and the
necessity for such an establishment. It is signed
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, [Prof.
Bache-.] by the Superintendent of the National
Observatory, [Lieutenant Maury;] by the Chief
Engineer, (Colonel Abert;] by Colonel Force, of
this city, well known fur his acquaintance with
this subject; by General Totten; by Lieutenant
Davis, who is th.e Superintendent of the Nautical
Almanac; by Professor Guyot, a very distinguished
geographer; and by Mr. E. B Hunt, an intel-
ligent officer of the Engineers of our Army con-
nected with the Coast Survey. I will not take up
the time of the Senate by dilating upon the im-
portance of the subject; but I move the reference
of the memorial to the appropriate committee,
which is the Committee on the Libiary.
It was so referred.
aid to colleges.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am requested to
present the memorial of the faculty of'Cumber-
land University, situated at Lebanon, Tennessee.
The memorialists represent that there are it? the
United States one hundred and nineteen chartered
colleges and universities, at which there are, at
this time, s<3Tne twelve thousand young men in
the course of education, receiving instruction.
They represent that many of these institutions are
struggling with great pecuniary embarrassments,
and are thereby prevented from extending the
benefits of instruction to a great number of the
youth of the country who are ready and desir-
ous to receive an education at these institutions.
It is their opinion that fio public interest is of
greater importance than the diffusion of the means
of education among our citizens in every part of
the Union; and as the public domain is, as they
understand, the common property of all the States,
they pray that one township of land may be
granted to each of those institutions. I move that,
without reading, the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
religious freedom.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I am also charged
with the presentation of the memorial of Elder C.
Collins and sixty-four others, delegates of the
churches composing the Baptist Association for
West Tennessee. These memorialists set forth
that they are members of a large body of Chris-
tians in the United States. I believe they are, save
one, the most numerous denomination in the
United States, for,by the last census, they appear
to be about three millions in number.
The memorialists represent that, in their opin-
ion, the Government of the United States should
open negotiations for the purpose of securing the
enjoyment of the rights of conscience to our citi-
zens in foreign nations in amity with this country;
and they ask for an expression of the opinion of
