1648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 8.
Now, here was this gentleman who had the notice.
According to the letter which was read here, it
seems that oil that day the lawyer of Mr. Colt
was not present. Was it not a matter of sufficient
importance to secure his presence51 If Colt had
not realized immense profit, do you suppose that
his counsel would have been out of town at the
time the opportunity was afforded him by his ene-
mies to show that fact to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner of Patents, and thereby to make
up such a case as would warrant the extension of
his patent? But so it was He was gone.
Now, I ask the gentlemen whether the affida-
vits taken, and on which he has so strongly re-
lied, are not ex 'parte evidence; and whether they
were taken with the same formalities and the
same fairness which charactenzed the testimony
taken by the opponents of Mr. Colt?
Mr. STEVENS, I do not know how those
affidavits were taken. They were put into my
hands. On their face they are very fair, and they
are to go for just what they are worth.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it is remarkable that
while the gentleman characterizes the testimony
introduced before the Patent Office m notice to Mr.
Colt as unfair, he has never undertaken to ascer-
tain whether affidavits on which he relies have
had the same formalities for fairness. Ought he
not to have ascertained it before he came hete?
Ought he not to have been enabled to show that
Mr. Colt had practiced towards these parties the
fair, just, and liberal rulewhich those parties prac-
ticed towards him ? But the gentleman tells you
that he does not know whether notice was given.
He does not know how that is.
We have some evidence to show what amount
is invested in the establishment in London,.which
has been erected for the manufacture of Colt's
pistols. Here is the petition of Mr. Colt, which
has been presented tn the House, as \ have already
said, on the 19th of December, 1853, in which it
is Stated that the propei ty and machinery in Lon-
don are worth #250,000. If there was such a
sum of money as $250,000 which could be trans-
ferred from the United States to London, for the
purpose of establishing a manufactory in that
city, is not the inference irresistible that there
must have been an immense profit made here?
Does it not warrant the conclusion that Colt has
been well remunerated for his invention, and that
his patent ou<jht not to be extended?
Mr. STEVENS, I ask if Mr. Colt did not
state in his petition "how he came by the money
invested in London?
Mr. LETCHER. He does not state that; hut
he states, when he got out of his partnership in
New jersey, that lie was $>30,000 worse than
nothing; and then that he .started oiT upon his 
Mr. STEVENS. Does he not state in that
petition that he has been aided by friends ? I do
not know that he has, but ( ask the question of
the gentleman from Vngmia.
Mr- LETCHER. I thmk he does not. He
says that (he expense of this undertaking has been
already ^250,000; that the cost is increasing every
day, and that no profit has yet arisen, and it is
doubtful whether it will be profitable for some
years to come Mr. Colt went to New Jersey in
1H43, and leaving there the same year with a debt
weighing* upon linn of §30,000, he goes to Hart-
ford, and puts up extensive improvements there,
and, according to the newspapers, he is extending
these improvements at a very heavy cost at this
very moment. According to the petition pre-
sented to this Bouse by him, he has $250,000 in-
vested in England; and aeendin^ to one of these
affidavits, he has ^450,000 invested in the United
States. It was bur yesterday morning I saw the
statement that he was putting up a most extensive
establishment, in connection with his other im-
provements at Har'ford, that would cost from
$100,000 to §150,000. From the best evidence
that could be obtained at the time the Commis-
sioner made his decision, Mr. Colt had realized
nearly §1,000,000 from his invention. j
Had not the Commissioner sufficient evidence to j
wariant him in coming to the conclusion he did in j
this ca>-e? Take the testimony on file before us, i
take the statement made in the affidavit, on which i
the gentleman from Michigan so strongly relies, 1
and fake the statements in Colt's petition,and the 1
sums which may be set down as profit amount
it? the aggregate to a sum approximating very
closely to a million of dollars. If a party, by his
invention, hag received a million of dollars, has he
not been amply compensated for that invention,
and has not the Government done its duty towards
him when it has protected him so long in the en-
joyment of it? Besides, the patent does not ex-
pire until February, 1857. How much money
will he make between this time and February,
1857? At a reasonable calculation he will make"
at least $500,000, and the probability is that he
will realize a much larger amount. The claimant
in this case comes here and asks an extension of
his patent, after having failed to comply with the
law of the Patent Office requiring him to show the
profits he has made out of his improvement. And
now, when he comes to this House, after the re-
jection of his petition by the Commissioner of
Patents, he again conceals the amount, of profits
which he has made. I ask the House if, under
such circumstances, they are willing to extend the
patent for this improvement seven years longer?
He will have hud the use of it twenty-one years
in February, 1857.
Every session we find persons coming here and
seeking for patent extensions which have been
refused by the Commissioner. Now, 1 take it
that this House is one of the worst bodies in the
world to be set up as an appellate tribunal from
the decisions of the Patent Office. The law wisely
leaves the matter to the Commissioner of Patents,
who examines and decides upon all applications,
with the evidence before htm. But, under the
practice which has been growing up of late years,
this House is to be called upon to review the de-
cisions of the Commissioner, and to annul these
: decisions, and extend patents to all who have
| been denied extensions at the Patent Office. Not
only is Congress interfering with the duties of
j the Commissioner in extending patents for seven
1 years, as provided for in the law of the Patent
! Office, but weareactunlly, in somecases, extending
1 them to terms as longas fourteen years. Not'only
! aie we doing that, but we aie giving the parties
! such latitude as not to require them to be limited
) by their specifications or models. Such a bill was
' passed at the last session of Congress, extending
a patent, and which allowed the owner to claim
anything he chose, whether in or outside of his
spfCifiMiious and model.
Thi^kmd
of legislation, Mr. Chairman, is
i likely to lead to abuses the most serious. It is
hkely to lead to abuses to prejudice the interests
I of other persons, to an utter disregaid of their
| rights. And this is uniformly the case whenever
! special legislation is resorted to for the purpose of
! accomplishing private ends. Congtess ought to
j have nothing to do with such cases. The only
,, case in which Congress ought ever to interfere m
j patent extensions is where a party has applied to
1 the Patent Office for an extension, and where the
j testimony produced by bun is ruled out by tech-
nicality, or where, by some other means, he has
1 not had an opportunity to have his case heard on
. the merits. Then, m such case, it is right enough
for this Rouse to allow the patentee to have a
, chance to produce his testimony, and to allow the
! Commissioner to judge fairly and candidly in re-
: lation to the matter, with all the facts before bun.
' Hut, instead of acting only in such cases, here we
| are exten ding patents day after day; and we have
1 now on the Calendar several bills or this ssoit. it
■ will lead to an utter abrogation of the Patent Of-
i ficc, and of the duties of the Commissioner, if (he
j House determine thus to go on an/1 permit the
abuses which must necessarily grow out of such
j legislation.
One word in relation to another matter. There
is another thing very remarkable in this bill. The
'gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Stevens] tells
; the House that the bill provides that the Govern-
! ment shall have the benefit of this invention, and
; have the right to manufacture these arms. And
: yet, strange to say, in the very next breath the
gentleman undertakes to demonstrate that the
i machinery and fixtures cost such a laree amount
! of money that it would be far better for the Gfov-
; ernment to buy pistols from Mr. Colt, than to
undertake to establish machinery to manufacture
1 them. If this is so, what does the Government
''make by this provision? It is a mere provision
! tn the bill which promises ad vantages to the Gov-
ernment, but which, when it is particularly ex-
■ amined, 1.3 found to give nothing o*'any sort of
| real, practical, permanent value. So far as advant-
age to the Government is concerned, this pro-
vision in the bill had as well be stricken out.
But another thing is insisted on as an argument
why this patent should be extended, it is argued
that if the extension is not granted, spurious imi-
tation articles will be made, and that Mr. Colt
should have the benefit of this advantage of an
extension, in order to put down the manufacture
of articles which are not equal in value to hisown.
This argument warrants the conclusion, nay, it
leads directly to the conclusion, and none other,
that this House must aid and assist to build up a
monopoly sufficiently strong,sufficiently powerful,
to choke down and prostrate all competition in
this business, in order that Mr. Colt may reap
immense pcofits, and pocket his hundreds and
thousandsof dollars. Does it mean anything else?
Can it mean anything else ?
But again: if Colt has had the benefits of a law
confirmed by the wisdom of this country, which
grants him a patent for fourteen years, and the
benefits of an extension for seven years longer,
has he not received all that the Government has
guaranteed to him as the reward of his invention?
But upon the principle which was laid down by
.the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bliss,] there ought
to be no limitation at all imposed in the granting
of patents. He tells you that in this country,
when a man of ingenuity, industry and energy
achieves a great triumph in science or art, he ought
to bealiowed to have the benefit of the products of
his own intellect, and that he ought to reap the re-
wards of it indefinitely. The framers of our laws
did not think that the benefits should be extended
for an unlimited period in that way. They thought
that there was a time when a party would have
received an ample remuneration, and they fixed
that time at fourteen years. But they provided,
also, that there sometimes might be a renewal of
it, if, upon the fac's furnished by the party him-
self, it should be ascertained, that, for some reason
or other, he had faded to realize a fair compensa-
tion. Then, sir, it seems to me that in refusing
to extend this patent, we are doing nothing of
which Colt can justly complain; and if we grant
the extension, we are breaking down all competi-
tion for the benefit of one single individual.
But gentlemen tell us, in this connection, that
whether Mr. Colt is wealthy or poor, it is a mat-
ter of no sort of consequence in the decision of this
question. If it is a matter of no sort of interest,
will gentlemen undertake to explain why it is
that he is required to exhibit a statement of profits
upon making his application for an extension at
the Patent Office? and why he is required to show
what his profitshave been from the invention which
he desires to have extended? But, according to
the doctrine here contended for, if he choose not
to show that evidence there, and if he choose not
to show it here, we are to be told that it is a mat-
tei of no moment whether he is worth much or
little. If he has made nothing, he is able to show
that fact, and would be willing and anxious to do
so. If he has not received anything- from the
New Jersey Company, he can show it. He can
demonstrate that fact to the House, and make out
at least a plausible case for asking this House to
extend the patent for seven years longer. Rut
nothing, absolutely nothing of this kind, is done.
When this committee shall rise, 1 hope it will,
in accordance with the suggestion of my friend
from Tennessee over the way, [Mr.ZoLLic offer,]
postpone the decision of this question until some
future time. But whether they do or not, I shall
ask the permission of the House to introduce the
resolution of which I have ^iven notice, in order
that it may be corsidereu and adopted.
IVit. STANTON, of Tennessee. It has been
my intention to vote for the bill now under con-
sideration, but, after what has occurred this morn-
ing, 1 cannot do so without giving the grounds
upon which my opinion and intentions are based.
I do not know that I have heard precisely the game
giounds presented by any gentleman, nor do I
remember to have seen it presented in any report
that I have read; either m that which emanated
from the Senate or the House committee.
I base my judgment upon the policy of, and
design to be effected by, the laws in regard to
granting patent-rights, and upon the constitutional
provisions upon which they are founded. The
product of the intellect of man, whether in the
shape of books or useful inventions, were consid-
ered of so high and meritorious a character as to
