THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Confess, 1st Session.
MONDAY, JULY ]0, 1854.
New Series....No. 104.
justify (he passage of separate and distinct laws
in the Constitution of the United States, for the
purpose of protecting and encouraging them.
The particular manner in which that encourage-
ment was to be given, or the extent to which it
was to be carried, is not provided for or desig-
nated in.theConstitution of the United States. But
the Constitution contains what was deemed suffi-
cient to provide for and secure protection to the
party of the right to the enjoyment of the products
of his own inventions, and to encourage upon
principles of public policy, the fruits of the intel-
lect which produce these useful inventions.
Now, our laws proceed upon the supposition
that a man is, or ought to be, entitled to the exclu-
sive use of his own invention for fourteen years.
You do not thereby deprive anybody else of any
benefit which they would have derived. In most
cases, if the inventor had not made the discovery
in the recesses of his own intellect, no one else
would have made it, and the benefit derived from
it would therefore have been lost to the human
family.
Now, the ground upon which I am willing to
extend this patent to Colonel Colt for seven years
longer, is the simple unequivocal fact that he has
not enjoyed the benefit of his patent during a
period of fourteen years, and that he is, according
to our laws, entitled to enjoy that benefit for that
time. It is true the patent has been extended
seven years beyond the time for which it was
originally granted, but it is also true that he re-
ceived no benefit whatever from it during that
period.
Now, sir, if I were disposed to criticise the law
itself, I should say that it does not give to inventors
and authors such a piotection as ought to he pro-
vided in carrying out the intention of the Consti-
tution. I should be disposed to extend the benefit
of the patent right to the inventor or of the copy-
right to the author, during his natural life at
least.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The language of
the Constitution is "to promote the progress of
science and useful arts by securing for limited
times to authors and inventors, the exclusive right
to their respective writings and discoveries." The
gentleman will perceive that it provides expressly
that these privileges shall be secured for " limited
times."
Mr. STANTON. That is very true, but during
the life of the author or the inventor is a limited
time. The period of limitation is not fixed by
the Constitution, tuid you may fix the limit where
you please. But that is neither here nor there.
Our laws proceed upon the principle that an in-
ventor, whether rich or poor, is entitled to the
exclusive use of his own invention for a period of
fourteen years. I will admit, candidly, that under
the laws as they now stand, upon iegal principles
strictly carried out, Mr. Colt could not get his
patent extended, whether he be rich or poor;
whether he have much, little, or nothing, the
laws strictly construed would not give him this
extension, and it is for that very reason that he
comes here with his application. He has come
here with his application, and, let me say, that
application is by no means without precedent,and
iet me say further, that the passage of this bill
would by no means be an unprecedented act.
Now, sir, this is a very mentnrious case, as I
understand it. I derive my information chiefly
from a report made by a gentleman formerly a
member of this House, now a member of the
Senate, in which he says, that from 1831 down
to 1849, the efforts of Mr. Colt to introduce his
invention, were attended with nothing but dis-
aster; and^it has been only from 1850 down to the
present time that he has had any benefit from this
invention. And every gentleman upon this fioor
knows very well that the Colt pistol was almost
unheard of until within a few years past. Now,
suppose that Colonel Colt has made a great deal
of money—I suppose that he has made a very
considerable amount—tell me whether the rights
of the party in reference to the policy on which
the laws are founded are to be governed by the
104
fact whether he is rich or poor, whether he has
made little or much money.
Now, I wish it distinctly understood, that 1 do
not place my support of this application on the
ground that Mr. Colt has any legal right to claim
an extension, but that, under the policy of the
law for the purpose of encouraging inventions of
this kind, it should he granted to him. This point
being distinctly slated as the ground on which I
place my vote, it will be seen that 1 throw aside
and disregard the statements made in reference to
Mr. Colt's wealth, if he lias made a great deal
of money from 1850 down to the present time, it
is due to his energy and enterprise. But, sir, I
take it that the proof in this case, the sworn testi-
mony, shows that the whole enemies of his mmd
have been addressed to the perfection and intro-
duction into general use of tins important arm,
and that the whole amount he has made is invest-
ed in the buildings and machinery necessary for
its manufacture.
It is very true, that he has entered on a very
large adventure in London. The gentleman from
Virginia says that the buiiding cost $250,000.
Mr. LETCHER. I did not say so. I said
that Mr. Colt himself said so.
Mr. STANTON, Very well. Here I may
say that I know Colonel Colt personally, and that
1 believe with entire confidence any statement he
may make. I believe that he is far too honorable
to make any misstatements in regard to his own
affairs, even if they would carry the hill. He is
far too honorable to use any unjustifiable means
for carrying it.
Now, \ say, that whatever money he has made
since 1850, is invested in the machinery and build-
ings necessary to carry on the manufacture of his
arms. It is very plain that, by throwing open the
business of making them in February, 1857, the
probability, at least the possibility, is, that the
whole amount of money which, by his industry,
energy, enterprise, and inventive genius, he has
been enabled to make, will be lost. To-morrow
morning an invention may be made superior to
this, and the whole amount of funds invested m
the first may be lost; so that an adventure of this
kind is a hazardous thing. The adventurer may,
to be sute, rely upon his knowledge that he has
the exclusive right to his manufacture for a certain
period, and he may rely upon the possibility and
probability that Congress, in its wisdom and lib-
erality, will extend the period still longer.
it is unnecessary to enter into some of the
points made by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cutting,] in reference to the possibility of
introducing spurious arms from England. I pre-
sume, but i do not know the fact, that Mr. Colt
has obtained patents for his arms in the principal
countries of the world, and therefore in those
countries in which arms are most likely to be
manufactured, they could only be manufactured
by-
Mr. CUTTING, (inteirupting ) I presume
that the gentleman from Tennessee has not over-
looked the fact, that, by the patent laws of Eng-
land and of France, where an alien is allowed to
take out a patent based upon an invention made
in another' country, that patent takes effect and
begins to run from the time of the beginning of
the original patent granted him in his own coun-
try. So, that, if a patent was granted here in
1836, and a patent was taken out in England or
Prance, the date of the foreign letters patent would
be precisely that of the day in which the original
patent was issued here.
Mr. STANTON. The consideration urged by
the gentleman from New York is not a very im-
portant one. I know that many civilized nations
extend their patents, and maintain the rights of
patentees much longer than we do, and that they
extend a much greater protection to inventors and
authors than theGovernmentof the United Slates
does. But these are not the points to which I am
addressing my argument. I understand that there
are only two interests in this case to be regarded
in estimating the propriety or impropriety of
passing the bill now before the committee. One
is the public interest in having the unlimited
light of using Mr. Colt's invention, and the other
is the private interest of Mr. Colt in making: what
profit he can out of his own invention. These
interests, I acknowledge, are hntagonistical to a
certain extent. I do not agree with those gentle-
men who insist that it will probably lead to the
benefit of the public pecuniarily thatColonel Colt
may be permitted to enjoy the monopoly of this
manufacture for a longer period. It may or may
not be so. One thing, though, I believe conscien-
tiously, and that is, that it will do little or no injury
to the public, although I would not say that the
public would be benefited pecuniarily by a mon-
opoly continued to Colonel Colt.
On the other hand, there are the rights ,of in-
ventois to be protected to a reasonable extent.
The history of civilization shows that inventors
in all ages have been badly treated, and that the
greatest benefactors of the world, in many instan-
ces, have been deprived of the benefit of their in-
vestigations; and it was on this very account that
a provision was inserted in the Constitutipn.of the
United States, that inventors and authors should,
for limited periods, have the exclusive right to use
their own inventions, and print their own produc-
tions. You must balance these two considerations,
so that the principle of public policy upon which
our laws are based will counterbalance the public
disadvantage of permitting Colonel Colt to make
these arms himself. That is the whole question;
and, m my judgment, it is unnecessary to go to
other considerations. I think that the principle of
! public policy overbalances the injury to the public
1 which must result from a continuance of this mon-
| opoly—if they choose to call it so—for a period
I of seven years longer.
| Mr. McMULLlN. Mr. Chairman, it was not
i my purpose to have said one word on this ques-
| tion, nor would i have done so but for the couise
i of the remarks indulged in by the gentleman from
j Noith Carolina, [Mr. Cungman,] my colleague,
j [Mr. Letcher,] and some others. I beg leave to
I say in the outset that, as a general rule, I am op-
j posed to monopolies of all sorts. But I was not
I a little amused in the discussion of this question
; at the course of remarks pursued by the distin-
' guished and learned gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Cutting.] But before I pay.my respects to
him, I must indorse, to some extent, the correct-
ness of the views expressed by the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Stanton.]
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that it has been the
| policy of this Government to reward energy, to re-
I ward enterprise, and to encourage the industrious
! mechanic. And I can appreciate the motives
I which have induced oi^impelled the gentleman
from Tennessee, who I hope will not be offended
at the remark, to give his support to the bill. I
should be surprised to find any gentleman on this
floor, himself being a mechanic, who would go in
opposition to it.
You not only reward the talent of the inventor,
hut do you not also reward politicians of the
country? Why, Mr. Chairman, the country re-
wards men for services, by promoting them to the
office of President, or Secretary of State, or Min-
ister, or other official post. Why does it do so ?
Asa reward for their political learning or other per-
gonal talents. My colleague yielded tne fioor to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutiixg;] and
for what purpose? For the purpose of personal
explanation. I need not remind the committee of
the character of that personal explanation. I need
not remind the committee that that gentleman
evinced no disposition to attack this bill when he
solicited the floor. He came forward as the coun-
sel against Mr. Colt; and that was his duty. Ha
desired to make a personal explanation, he said.
Shall I, I repeat, remind this committee of the
character of that personal explanation? Did -he
slop when he had made that personal explana-
tion? >Ph no, sir. With the ingenuity charac-*
teristic of the lawyer, and a man of talent, he
went on to argue ogainst this bill. Sir, I might
ask the learned gentleman from New York, if he
has any constituents who would like to engage m
