1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
American name than the prowess of his arms. !
And where does he stand? Why, as has well [■
been said by the very gallant and distinguished I
Senator from Illinois, who offered this resolution, j
he is the only one of all his colleagues who has
received no recognition of his services in Mexico
bv additional military rank.
"What, then, is it proposed to do? Simply to
revive, by brevet, an office which once existed.
Whether it will or will not carry with it additional
emolument, I do not know, and should not inquire.
I hope it may carry some additional emolument,
because that man who commands the Army, who
is obliged from the necessity of his position to con-
sider himself the representative of the Army at home
and abroad, has expenses necessarily devolved
upon him which he ought to have the means of
discharging. I have not inquired whether this
brevet rank will or will not carry with it additional
emolument, though I trust it may. I shall be grat-
ified with the passage of the resolution, and 1 hope
it will be the pleasure of the Senate to pass it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to say a word upon
the point suggested by the Senator. The bill is
drawn in such a shape that there is no possibility
of making this brevet different from all other bre-
vets which are conferred upon other officers. It
is precisely the same provision that applies to the
case of other brevets. Whether the officer shall
receive additional pay or not, will depend upon
the discretion of the President as to whether he
will give him a command proportioned to the rank.
Mr. PETT1T. 1 do not know but that the
questions which I asked the Senator from Illinois,
and the motives which induced me to ask them,
have been misunderstood. I simply desired to
know whether the brevet rank, which it is pro-
posed to confer, would give any additional com-
mand to General Scott, and whether it would carry
with it any additional payI have been revolving
the matter m my mind as to whether these things
would take place or not. 1 cannot say that 1 am
very well informed about the organization of our
Army; but it seems to me that as to the first prop-
osition, there can be no higher command under the
President conferred than General Scott now has,
in time of peace especially. He is next in com-
mand to the President—the President being the (
constitutional commander of the Army. As to ,
the increase of pay, if we have any existing law
providing that a brevet officer shall have a higher
pay than one who is not breveted, then this may
increase General Scott's pay. The idea that I
intended to convey by the question that I asked,
was, that if I could learn that there was a neces-
sity of increasing the command—giving a greater
command than General Scott now has—and that
it would directly or indirectly increase his pay. it
would be an inducement for me to vote for the
joint resolution, believing, as I do, that neither
the Army nor the civil list of the United States is
more than half paid. I would, however, rather
make it directly; and I said to the Senator from
Illinois, that I would vote for a proposition di-
rectly to increase General Scott's pay; and I do
not know but that I am prepared now, even ;
in his lifetime, to fix, in anticipation, a pen- jj
sion upon his widow and his children; but ij
that may be talked of hereafter. There is 1
no man who entertains a higher estimation ofn
the talents and military services of General Scott jl
than I do—none understanding them no better n
than I do—nor would I do anything to casta ji
blight or gloom over the declining years of tnat ;
gallant officer. If he be desirous of receiving a
bauble, or an additional feather ir, his cap, I do ^
not know that I could find it in my heart to refuse jj
it; but I would much rather know that it con- i
ferred substantial, lasting, and tangible benefit ;;
upon him, to soothe his declining yeais ana ben- ^
ent his family, if, therefore, it follows tnat there
is that lasting, tangible, and substantial benefit jj
following the conferring of this title, 1 should be ^
' much readier to vote for it. i j
Mr. ADAMS. I do not wish to be understood
as opposing any proposition which is intended to j1
confer honor upon General Scott, or reward him
for the distinguished services which hejiasren-'
dered to his country; but, notwithstanding what .
has been said in favor of the joint resolution !
which is before us, I am yet at a loss to seehow
a joint resolution, creating a new title, a higher
military title than can now exist by law, will con- ]
fer any additional honor upon him, over and i
above the vote of thanks which has already passed
the two Houses of Congress. If the object be to |
pay him an additional compensation for his ser-
vices, iet it come up as a direct proposition. If
he has not been sufficiently paid, the country is
ready to pay him; but do not let us do it indi-
rectly. _
It-is said, however, by the distinguished Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Shields,] that brevet appoint-
ments have been conferred upon various individ-
uals, from the commencement of the Government
to the present time. That is true, sir: individ-
uals, having a particular rank in the Army, have,
by a vote of Congress, been complimented with a
rank above their actual command, and received
pay accordingly. But I believe there is no soli-
tary instance of creating" a title or an office, simply
to bestow it ns a compliment. It is where the
office has existed that the individual has been com-
plimented with the title of a higher grade than his
command. The proposition in the case of Gene-
ral Washington, was to confer upon him a com-
mand which, it was supposed at the time, his title
would confer, and not as a compliment. The
Father of his Country never had to receive it as a
compliment. In the case where Mr. Polk asked
the creation of a lieutenant general, it was not
intended as a comphmevu. The condition of
t things, which Senators will recollect, and which
' caused a conflict between this distinguished mdi-
l vidnal and the late President of the United States,
S with regard to their separate commands, placed
■ the then President in an awkward and unpleasant
j condition m relation to their difference. And, in
: order that there might be a command above what
) the law then authorized, he asked that the office
1 of lieutenant general might be created in the
i Army. Congress refused to agree to theproposi-
! tion; and I believe there is no solitary instance
| in the history of this country of an office being
created expressly to bestow a compliment.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say that this is not the creation of an
office, but the reviving of one that has been created ?
But the principle may be the same in both cases.
However, it is reviving the office in the shape of a
brevet, instead of a command.
Mr. ADAMS. I understand that, sir; I un-
derstand that it is called a revival; yet it is the
creation of an office to confer honor on an
vidual, when that individual has received and
occupies the highest position in the Army known
to the laws of the land. It is said that every other
distinguished general, who has rendered services
to the country, has been breveted; and why is it
that this distinguished individual has not been
breveted? Because he already holds the nighest
office in the Army, except that held by the Presi-
dent, known to the laws of the country. We can
confer 110 higher. Theie is no possible chance of
conferring upon him a higher honor than the vote
of thanks which has been bestowed upon him;
and who could desire more? Yet it is asked that
a new office should be created expressly to be
conferred upon him. It is the precedent that I
obiect to. I think that by 110 means are the ob-
lections fallaciously made by my friend from !
'Wisconsin It is true, as the honorable Senator j
from Virginia has said, that" nobility, "as known
in the Constitution, had reference to a particular
I class of known titles; but I think myself that
1 the spirit of the Constitution did contemplate that
there should be no title, either military or other-
wise, conferred as a meie distinction, without
reference to the discharge of duties connected with ;
it. 1 think tne objections are well taken.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If I were to consult my feel-
ings alone on this occasion, I should vote for the
joint resolution; but looking at it as a question
of practical legislation, I do not see that I can do
so. It is evidently intended as a compliment to
General Scott. So far as the Senate of the Umted
States can pay him a compliment, by expressing
its anprobation of his military conduct, its giati-
tude'even, for his services m the Mexican cam-
paign, I would heartily and cheerfully unite m the
expression; but I think that has already been
done. If 1 mistake not. we have already voted
General Scott a medal for his conduct. _ We have
already given him a vote of thanks for his services.
What higher compliment can we pay him ? Wt hat
lusher compliment has the Senate or the nation
ever been able to pay any man? Was more than
i that done for the Father of his Country? Was
more done for George Washington, in consider-
ation of his services, than the expression of a na-
1 tion's gratitude? No. So far as I am advised,
! no man ever proposed anything in addition to that
1 for the services of Washington to his country.
The conferring the rank of lieutenant general
upon General Washington is cited as a precedent
for this case. I do not regard it as a precedent,
nor do 1 regard it as an act from which any au-
thority for this proposition can be drawn. The
1 point in that case was this: General Washington
had retired from the army; he was a private citi-
| zen; it was apprehended that we were about to
| engage m a war with Prance; it was the wish
| of the nation that George Washington should
j be placed at the head of the Army, m order that
he might conduct that war on our part; the
! highest ranks m the Army were then filled; and
if he should be made a major general, the high-
! est rank then known to the Army, he would still
be ranked by officers who held commissions of the
same grade and of older date. It was necessary,
therefore, to create a higher rank, in order to en-
able General Washington to take the command of
the Army; in order to put him at its head;.in order
that the country might avail itself of his inval-
uable services. For that reason the rank of lieu-
tenant general was created. It had no reference aa
1 a compliment to Washington's past services. No
j compliment could be paid him in that manner. It
| was created with reference to the necessity for his
future services, ft was with a view to the inter-
ests of his country, and to them alone, that the
office was then creatcd, and that George Wash-
ington was appointed to it. If, then, it can be
shown that the interests of this country require
that the commanding officer shall havethe rank of
lieutenant general, l am willing to vote for it. And,
sir, if the interests of the army, if its legitimate
organization, if its usefulness, require the office of
lieutenant general to exist, then the law ought to
be a permanent one, and should apply to the
future as well as to the present.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to my colleague
the difference between the brevet rank and the
positive rank. The brevet rank is conferred for,
past services, the positive refers to future services.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 am very glad that my
colleague lias called my attention to that distinc-
tion , because I wish to make a remark upon it. I
am aware that it is usual to confer a brevet rank
upon an officer for past gallant services. That
practice has prevailed heretofore in this country,,
and it is not my object now to object to it; but
( while the law has recognized the propriety of
conferring a brevet rank for gallant services, it
has never extended it to the General-in-Chief of
the Army. And why ? Because it was not pos-
sible to extend it to him. He was at the head—
he was at the top of the column. There was no
higher point to which he could be raised. But,
- if because the General-in-Chief has distin-
oil j J I I > C '->CL L*. V** v- 4 IK. ^
guished himself, and rendered valuable services,
we are to brevet him with the office of lieutenant
general, when you have another war, and your
lieutenant genetal shall establish his title to the
o-ratitude of his country, you must create another
rank for him, and so on increasing the rank with
■ a new title every time the incumbent shall dis-
' anguish himself in the line of his profession; and
S wliere is the vocabulary which will furnish titles
enough, in all time to come, to make a new rank
I each time that a man performs gallant services?
' We have heretofore acted upon the principle that
when a man was at the head of his profession,
' there was no further promotion—that he could not
go above that point.
| General Scott has all the honor now that he
could have if you created a new rank for nim.
lie is now at the head. If you make a higher
rank, and nut him into it, he is then only at the
head of the Army. If you still make another for
his successor, you only put him at the head of
1 the Army. Hence the point which I present ib
this: Are vou to create a new title for every man
at the head of the Army who performs valuable
services'—for certainly it is only a mere name,
and the name ^ets its value from the fact that you
i have created a new title for him especial,y; other-
wise, the name of lieutenant general would not be
more valuable than that of major general The
! words imply, if you translate them literally, that
; the office of lieutenant general is beneath Crenelal
|i Scott's present rank. A lieutenant would eeem to.
