1652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
'Whole House had had the Private Calendar gen-
erally under consideration, and particularly House
bill (No. 59) " for the relief of Samuel Colt," and
had come to no resolution thereon.
COMMITTEE OF INQUIRY.
Mr. LETCHER. I now ask leave to intro-
duce the resolution which I have indicated, in ref-
erence to the charges made here to-day.
Mr. WALSH. I object, on the ground that
all such thiqgs end in smoke. They are, in gen-
eral, miserable farces.
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be tested.
Several Members. Let the resolution be read
fjbr information.
The resolution was read,as follows:
Resolved, That a committee of members bo ap-
pointed to inquire whether money has been offered to mem-
bers, or other illegal or improper mean* u* ed to induce
members to aid in securing the passage of a bill to extend
Colt's patent tor seven years; and also whether money ha->
been ofFeied to members, or other illegal or improper means
Used, either directly or indirectly, to sccure the passage of
any bill through Congress; and that said committee shall
have power to send for persons and papers, with uuthouty
to examine witnesses on oath.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope there wii! be no objec-
tion to the resolution, or to the amendment which
I desire to move.
Mr. WALSH. J have specifically objected to
the introduction of the resolution.
Mr. LETCHER. I would be glad if the gen-
tleman would withdraw his objection, and let the
resolution pass.
Mr. WALSH. If the gentleman will assure
me that he seriously believes anything will grow
out of it, I will withdraw my objection.
Mr. LETCHER. If I had not supposed that
it was due to this House, and due to the country,
that something of that sort should be done, I
should not have offered it.
Mr. WALSH. I withdraw the objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question received a second.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the resolution will be
modified, so as to embrace as well those opposed
to the extension of the patent as those who are in
its favor.
Mr. LETCHER. I um for making it as broad
as gentlemen want it.
Mr. SEWARD. Let all be embraced.
Mr. LETCHER. I will fill the blank with
the word " five," and I will also modify the
amendment by adding44 or defeat" after the word
" passage," where it occurs.
Mr. CIIAMBERLAIN, I call for the yeas
and nays upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. PRATT. I hope the resolution will pass
unanimously.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to postpone the con-
sideration of the resolution until Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Jonks, of
Tennessee, in the chair.) That motion is not in
order, the main question having been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. Is it in order to
move to lay the resolution upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. SEWARD. Would it be in order for me
to make any remarks?
The SPEAKER. It would not be.
Mr. JONES. Well, I will take the responsi-
bility of moving to lay the resolution upon the
table, because I do not believe it will amount to
anything.
The question was taken on Mr. Jonks's mo-
tion; and it was disagreed to.
The question recurring on the adoption of the
resolution, it was put, and the resolution was
agreed to,
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed "An act
making appropriations for the construction of cer-
tain military roads in the Territories of Nebraska
and Washington," and twenty-two bills of a pri-
vate character.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed tft; and, thereupon, (at
four o'clock, p. rn.,) the House adjourned until
Monday, at twelve o'clock, m.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, July 10, 1854.
The il< us&e mw at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Sljcer.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen the select committee under the resolution
adopted on Satuiday last, upon the use of im-
proper means to influence the votes of members:
Messrs. Lktcher, Thurston, Cli.vgman, T. D.
Eliot, Eddy, Cutting, and Zollicoffer.
The SPEAKER laid before th$ Mouse a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, con-
taining copies of letters addressed to that Depart-
ment by S. J. Briggs, general appraiser of the
Pacific coast, 0. P. Sutton, and P. S. Roach, the
le^al appraisers for the port of Sao Fmnoi^co,
and also a memorial from the merchants of that
place, asking the erection by the Government of
a building at San Francisco for the use of the
appraisers, and to enable them promptly and cor-
rectly to discharge their duties in presenting an
estimate of the value of impoited merchandise.
On motion by Mr. LATHAM, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLING MAN. I iise to call the attention
of the House to what. ha3 usually been treated as
a question of privilege. An the Clerk read over
the Journal, I observed that my name was placed
upon the investigating committee raised on Satur-
day last. It will be remembeied by the House
that I expressed a very decided opinion that cer-
; tain facts and allegations were true. Although
i my expression of opinion ought not, of course, to
| influence me, and I suppose it would not, yet I
j think it would be more satisfactory to others that
| some other gentleman should be appointed in my
place, inasmuch as I might be looked upon as
standing in the light of a prosecutor, or one who
, made the chaige. I hope, therefore, that the
; House will allow the Speaker to substitute an-
| other gentleman in my place. For a week or so
; I have been quite unwell,although for that reason
1 alone I would not decline serving upon the com-
j niittee; yet I think it due that the report of the
| committee should come from persons who have
not expressed any opinion upon the point mad
employees of the legislative department of the
Government, and to prohibit the allowance of the
usual extra compensation to such as receive the
benefits thereof."
Several Members. Read the resolution.
The Clerk reported the resolution, as follows:
Resolved* That the office! s, clerk1*, messengers, and other
j employ^ of the legiflauve department of the Govemmunt,
I shall be paid an incieased compensation of twenty per
, cent upon the compensation now received by thun re-jpoet-
] ivHy ; and the mefsengeis and pulihe folders of the House
j of Representatives shall not leceive less th m i> allowed to
i the messengers of the Senate, of the same class; >ueh m-
■ creased compensation to c nmmence from the 1st of July,
! 18.i3; and th it a sum sufficient to pay the Mime to the 30ih
> June, 1855, be herebyappropnated out of any money in the
i Treasury not otheiwisfj appiopriated: PioviJed. That no
i person wh(k0 compensation wuh increased by the act ap-
' proved April 22, !8>l, shall be benefited by this joint reso-
! lution : Jlnd provide I furtho, That the usual extra com-
■ pei'sation shall not liereatter be allowed to any person
receiving the benefit of llus joint resolution.
j The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
j the rules of the House to be suspended, so as to
[ permit the introduction of the joint resolution just
i read.
| Mr. WALSH. On that question I ask for the
j yeas and nays.
! Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I demand tellers
| on ordering the yeas and nays.
1 Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Pratt were appointed.
The House was then divided; and the tellers
reported 31 m the affirmative, (a sufficient num-
ber.)
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The Cletk then commenced calling the roll.
Mr JONES, of Tennessee, (when his name
was called,) said: It is rather late in the day to
make a question of order, but I understand that
the resolution which was reported at the Clerk's
desk this morning, and upon which we are now
voting, is not the one which was offered by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Curtis,]
two weeks ago, and for the introduction of which
he moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. CURTIS. It is not exactly the same
resolution.
Mr. JONES. Have not words been interpo-
lated into the resolution ?
Mr. CURTIS. The words "and public fold-
ers" were not in the original resolution.
Mr. JONES. And they have been interlined
since the resolution was offered.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I suggest,
that inasmuch as it is stated by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that there has been, by some
means or other, 1 do not know what, an interpo-
lation of come woids into the resolution since he
not express any opinion upon the point maue^* " ' M"i,c wviuo imu uiu icauuiuun since n
by me on S.Uuiday last. I hope the House will!* PresemetI two weeks since, which were not in
vote be taken over
[see the propriety of excusing me, and allowin,
: the Speaker to appoint another gentleman in my j
i place. :
1 The question was taken; and, on a division,
; there were—ayes 79, noes not counted.
| So Mr. Clintuman was excused from service on
> the committee of investigation.
The SPEAKER. There is a proposition pend- j
; ing to suspend the rules of the House, and on i, , ,, „
1 the subject of that proposition there is a question rccol)5f °i,ulhe occurrence of any such case
of order pending over since last Monday week. j. ^e^8, Phe Chair asks the House to recollect
tended to be there, that the
again.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask if
the resolution was not read to the House this
morning, and if we are not voting to suspend ihe
rules for the purpose of introducing the resolution
which was read ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution was read.
This is rather a singular case, and the Chair does
penumg over since last Monday
jiThechau was then temporarily occupied by an-
I other gentleman; and the piewent occupant can
j not, as a matter of cour.se, know of himself the
! facts connected with the case. The Chair is,
\'< however, informed by the Cieik, that the gentleman
j' from .Tennessee [Mr. Jo.vks] objected to the motion
being entered, for the leason that a quorum—as ; , « , T, .
! he assumed—was not niesent. The Chair would ru!es of ^ .H,ouse  t!?e ™over a proposition
whether or not the fact could have been ' nmy modlfy Jt 06!0re the House has acted upon
the fact that the clerks, at least, are not to be ac-
cused of having made the interpolation upon the
paper. The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Curtis,] as a matter of course, supposed that he
had the right to modify the resolution. That
right, under the circumstances, and under the
rule, he would not have. It is true that, under the
j inquire
' known to the Chair on that occasion, or to the i
i( House, as to theie bring a quorum piesent? !
[i Mi. JONES, of Ten ne.ssee. I made that point, !
!, and I am very confident that there was not a ;
i quorum present. I think that that, would be found '<
' to he tiie opinion of every gentleman in the House i
: at the time, if it can be no.v recollected. ■
I The SPEAKER. The question is a very j
' curious one.
Mr. JONES. I withdraw the question of order I
that I made. j
j PAY OF LEGISLATIVE EMPLOYEES. |
i The SPEAKER, (interrupting ) Then the 1
j question is on suspendmg the rules for the pur-'
| pose of introducing tiie following proposition: "A ■
j joint resolution to fix the compensation of the!
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) But I un-
derstand tiie gentleman from Pennsylvania does
not propose to offer the resolution in the form in
which it is presented now. If that is the case,
the vote which is being taken amounts to nothing;
certainly not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Notatall. I un-
derstand that the resolution was offered from the
Committee on Accounts; and since it was offered
here, it has not been before that committee to be
altered by them.
The SPEAKER. The decision of the Chair is,
that a single member of a committee has no author-
ity to alter a report himself, without the authority
of thecommittee. It is also true that, after a mo-
tion has been made to suspend the rules for the
