1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
i«s 
purpose of introducing a particular matter, it is
not proper to withdraw that matter; but it is also
true that- the resolution, as it now stands, was
read, and put to the House as the thing to be of-
fered, if the rules were suspended. The Chair is
not aware that any wrong has been done to any
one in reference to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania does not propose to
offer this resolution as it has been reported, if the
rules are suspended.
The SPEAKER. Wastheresolution, as read
this morning, a different paper from the one pre-
sented two weeks ago?
Mr. CURTIS. The printed resolution was the
one i offered two weeks ago, and in reference to
that 1 supposed the vote was being taken now. I
do not propose to add the words " public folders,"
and by no act of the committee, or of myself,
have these words been interpolated. I propose
the resolution as I offered it two weeks ago, and
as it then stood.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania denies having placed those words there.
The clerks say they did not put them there, and
there can be no doubt of the fact, in the opinion
of the Chan, that the cleiks state the fact cor-
rectly. He has had too much intercourse with
them to doubt the coriectness of their statement.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I desire to say
a word of explanation. I did not intend to imply
that any clerk of this House made the interpola-
tion; but, having understood from the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that those words were put
there without his consent, or the knowledge of
the committee, I thought it proper that the House
should know it; and I intended to suggest that, by
unanimous consent, inasmuch as some members
have voted against the resolution in consequence
of the alteration, the vote should be taken over
again. I ask that, by general consent, it may be
done.
Mr. WALSH. It appears that there has been
some wrong committed here, and I should like to
know who has been guilty of the wrong. If it
has been done deliberately,it is a disgrace to who-
ever has been guilty of it, and we ought to know
who it is.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is no difficulty
in getting along in this matter. If any gentleman
has voted under a misapprehension, after the roll
has been called he can change his vote.
The SPEAKER. It will be for the House to
take such action upon it as they choose. Other-
wise the Chair will order the call of the roll to be
continued.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This resolution
was reported from the Committee on Accounts;
and it is not in the form in which it was reported.
The gentleman may say that he will modify his
resolution, but the Chair will also sustain me in
the proposition that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania could not modify it, it not having been
bo reported.
Then no power could alter or modify the res-
olution except the House, unless it went ba>'k to
the committee, and received their action. This is
not the resolution which was reported by the
Committee on Accounts, and I submit, therefore,
that there is nothing before the House upon which
it can act.
Mr. CURTIS. I will state that the word pub-
lic folders is in the resolution without my consent,
and evidently without the consent of the Com-
mittee on Accounts, which reported the resolu-
tion. The resolution reported from that commit-
tee is the one which I offered,and is the one which
1 supposed the yeas and nays were being called
upon, until my attention was called to it a moment
ago. 1 have not offered the lesolution with that
alteration,and I suppose the resolution, as offered
by the committee, is the one upon which the mo-
tion to suspend the rules to introduce is being
Mr. RICHARDSON. I desire to ask asingle
question. Is the resolution which has been read
at the Clerk's desk the same as that reported by
the Committee on Accounts, with the exception
of the alteration which has been indicated ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understandsthat
it is the same.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I do not see any
difficulty in relation to the matter. We are still
voting upon the resolution reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i understand the
committee reported the printed resolution, and
that all the written manuscript contained ill it has
been added.
The SPEAKER. The geitleman is mistaken.
The written manuscript was added by order of
the Committee on Accounts, with the exception of
the single insertio'n of " public folders."
Mr. SMITH. I have had it intimated to me
that those words have been improperly interpolated
by some one having no control over the resolu-
tion, and I think, therefore, the resolution should
be recommitted to that committee. If it be in
order, I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the roll
must be called through, and it will be in the power
of the House to take such action as they may
think proper.
Mr. SMITH. It is in order to recommit by
unanimous consent. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to recommit the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman that the resolution is not before the
House at all. The motion upon which the vote is
being taken is to suspend the rules to introduce it.
When the rules shall have been suspended,it will
then be in order*) move to recommit.
Mr. SMITH. I will then withdraw the prop-
osition.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Accounts states to the House that these
words have been interpolated without his consent,
and without the consent of his committee. They
have, therefore, been interpolated without any
proper authority. And 1 ask whether they must
not be stricken out by the Clerk, as a matter of
course.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks he has the
right to order them to be stricken out.
Mr. STANTON. Well, sir, 1 raise that point
of order, and ask that the Speaker shall order
them to be stricken out.
Mr. WALSH. I hope not.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 ask what injury
will be done by allowing the vote to be taken
upon the resolution as it now stands? Let us take
the vote, and get the resolution regularly before
the House. It will then be competent for us to
recommit, if it shall be deemed desirable.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that when
alterations have been made improperly in a bill
or resolution before the House, it is his business
tgto see that a correction is made; and he will
^therefore order that the words which have been
interpolated into tins resolution shall be stricken
out. They are improperly, unlawfully there,
and must be stricken out. The clerks, perhaps,
would do well hereafter to keep nil papers belong-
ing to the desk within their own possession.
Mr. WALSH. Can the words be stricken out
without the House knowing by what means and
by whom they were inserted?
The SPEAKER. That may be the subject of
proper inquiry hereafter.
Mr. W ALSH. We may have appropriations
of untold thousands inserted into bills in the same
way. Perhaps we have.
The words were stricken out by the Clerk,
under the Speaker's order.
The call of the roll was then finished; and the
question was decided in the affirmative—yeas 111,
nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahereromliie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Appleton, A„he. Bank's, Belcher, Bell, Ben-
nett, Benson, Bridges, llll!."', Uainphell, Carutlieis, Chand-
ler, Chnsman, Clark, Corwm, Cumnmiy, Cuius, Cutting,
Thomas Davis, Dawson, Dent, Dick, Dickinson, Eddv,
Edgcrton, Edmundson, Thomas D. Eliot, Kverli.-irt, Failey,
Fenton, Florence, Franklin, Gidding;-, Green, Greenwood,
Sampson W. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, Elairisori, Hendiieks,
Ilenn, Hill. Hillver, Howe, Hughes, johnson, .1 Glaney
Jones Kerr, Knox", Kurtz, J.amb,),utham,Lmdsley,McCul-
loch, McDougall, McNair,Macc,Maey, Matteson, Maurice,
Maxwell, May, Mavall, Middleswarth, Morgan, Nichols,
Norton, Olds, Preston, l'uryear, Ready, Jteese, Thomas
Ritchey, Robhllis, Rogers, Rowe, Ru-sell, Salmi. Sapp,
Seward, Shower, Gerrit Smith, Samuel A Smith, Wi'h-nn
R. Smith, Geo rye W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton, Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Hestor L. Stevens, Stratton, Slraub, An-
drew Stuart, John 1-.. Taylor, Nathaniel (3. Taj lor, Thurs-
ton, Tweed. Upham, V.ul, Vansant, Wade, WalbridKc,
Walley. Dlli'hu B. Washlmrne, Israel Washburn, Wells,
John Wentivorth, Tappan Wenlworth, Westlaook, and
Zollicoffer—111.
NAYS—Messis. Bocock, Boyce, Breckinridge, Carpen-
ter, Clingman, Cobb, Cox, Oraige, .inlin G. Davis, Eastman,
John M. Elliott, Ellison, Fuller, Grow, Hastings, Haven,
Ilihliard, Houston, Ingersolf, Daniel T. Jones, George W.
Jones, Kitm-dge, I.etcher, Lilly, McMulliri, McQueen,-
Millson, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Orr, Parker, Bishop
Perkins, l'helps, Phillips, Pratt, Richardson, Kiiftin, Sage,
Sejmour, Shaw, William Smith, John J. Taylor, Trout,
and Walsh—4G.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended, and the resolution was intro-
duced. .
Mr. CURTIS. I move the suspension of the
133d rule, which requires that all bills and joint
resolutions appropriating money from the Treas-
ury shall have th. ir first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr OLDS. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones, of
Louisiana, and Cox, were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Curtis's mo-
tion, and it was decided in the affirmative—ajyes
101, noes 44; two thirds voting in the affirmative.
So the rule requiring the joint resolution to have
its first consideiation in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union was suspended.
Mr. CURTIS obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. 1 appeal to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield me the
floor for a single moment. I propose to add after
the word " messengers," in the third line, the
words " and the watchmen on the Capitol exten-
sion."
I desire to state that these two persons, employed
as watchmen upon the wings of the Capitol, per-
form precisely the same duties, and are placed
under the same obligations and responsibilities
that the watchmen are who attend to the Capitol
itself. They superintend the- grounds, and do
precisely the same duties, for which they receive
but two dollars a day. If their names are inserted
in this resolution, they will receive an additional
compensation of only twenty per cent, more than
what they now receive. I hope the amendment
I have offered will be adopted, and then 1 shall
vote cheerfully for it.
Mr. CURTIS. For that purpose alone I am
willing to yield the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Can such an ar-
rangement be mnde without general consent ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania may yield the floor for any specific pur-
pose, or he may yield the floor altogether.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have no puipose in view
but to submit the amendment I have suggested.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the bill open to
amendment?
The SPEAKER. The bill is open to amend-
ment; but the gentleman from Pennsylvania is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to know if the previous
question has been demanded?
Tne SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has not demanded the previous question,
nor has he signified his purpose in obtaining the
floor.
Mr. DENT. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to yield me the floor, that I may offer an
amendment, which I desire to have read for the
information of the House,
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield the floor to the gentleman from
Kentucky, or the gentleman fiom Georgia?
Mr. CURTIS. At present I do not feel inclined
to yield the floor for any purpose. I move the
previous question.
Mr. SAGE. 1 hope it will be voted down.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask for tell-
ers on seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell
and Ashe were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 76. noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded.
The mam question was then ordered to be put,
being upon ordering the joint resolution to be en-
grossed and read  i third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. PRATT demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. WALSH called for tellers.
