1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
85
the subsequent act was passed to put him on the
same footing which he occupied when he com-
manded the armies of the Revolution, thus show-
ing that the object was to bring him into the army
with the same rank in which he had acquired all
his glory. They did not increase his rank above
that of a general. There were many ranks known
to military history much higher than that of gen-
eral, and if the object of Congress had been to
compliment General Washington by promoting
him to a higher rank than he formerly occupied,
they would have made one higher than that of
general, instead of being contented with conferring
upon him the same old rank in which he had
served through the Revolution.
I make this explanation only to show that this
country did not deem it proper to increase the rank
of General Washington in consequence of the
services which he had rendered. Hehavingbeen
the head of the Army, that was the highest rank
which he could hold, and they contented them-
selves with conferring upon him the same rank,
instead of creating a new title in the army.
Mr. CASS. I had no idea of entering into the
discussion of this matter, because I have already
heretofore given my views upon it to the Senate.
I desire, ho wever, to ask the Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Shields] whether this is the same bill that
passed the Senate at the last session?
Mr. SHIELDS. It is precisely word for word.
Mr. CASS. Then I shall vote for it, Mr.
President. But I want to say one or two words
in reply to some remarks which have been made
here. This Government has adopted the prac-
tice of extending the reward of brevet rank to
military officers. We all know that it has been
done ever since the foundation of the Govern-
ment. Every man acquainted with the military
system knows it. It is in full force, and now to
refuse it in this case, simply on the grounds
which have been urged to-day, would be a most
invidious distinction. We have had some fine
\riews expressed about human nature—about the
despicable nature of gew-gaws, distinctions, and
all that. Well, sir, we have had presented to us
a human nature of which I knew nothing. We
are all in search of distinction. We do not come
here for the compensation attached to our offices
solely. We all seek such distinction, from the
cradle to the grave; and I ask what your military
establishment, without it, would be worth? Not
one cent. It would be an armed mob. What
sends the officer and soldier to the cannon's
mouth, and leads them to perform the duties and
actions which become a part of your history?
Their life is a life searching for distinction. I re-
peat, your military establishment would not be
worth a straw—your officers would not be worth
having—if they were not animated by that noble
sentiment. It animates us all, more or less, and
it should do so. But beyond that, it is this feel-
ing, this desire for distinction, which upholds the
military code and military establishment of every
nation, and has done, since the first army went
forth to battle.
My honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] says that you cannot give to General Scott
this brevet rank without creating a new rank. I
would create a new rank. As to all that has been
said about military offices being titles of nobility,
I have not a word to say, except that 1 have not
heard the shadow of an argument to establish the
position. There was a time when you had not a
full major general in your Army. From the first
year of the accession of Jefferson to something
hke the year 1808 or 1809, when the Army was
increased, General Wilkinson, with the rank of
brigadier general, was at the head of the Army.
Suppose General Wilkinson had been placed at
the head of the Army, and had been sent to Mex-
ico, and had carried on such a campaign as Gen-
eral Scott did, should we be met with the objection
that we have no office of major general, and there-
foie to confer the distinction upon him would be
to create a rank of nobility ? The ogument would
not be received for a moment. There is nothing
in the rank of lieutenant general, or m the duties
of lieutenant general, that takes it out of the usual
class of military officers and duties. Ranks are
an ascending scale, and necessarily so, in naval
and military establishments. Your second lieu-
tenant, on the field of battle, if he is the highest
officer able to command, would command the re-
giment, or brigade, oral my; but that is no reason
why you should trust such a command to a sec-
ond lieutenant. You establish a series of grades
to give a man proper influence and proper means
of command, that his authority, for the sake of the
country, should be properly exercised. That is
the object of the regulation.
Now, then, there is nothing in the office of lieu-
tenant general that takes it out of this state of
things. I say, as the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] has said, better
than I am able to do to my honorable friend from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] I trust this country never
will be so bankrupt in its power to reward as not
to be capable of rewarding such high and gallant
feats as those which were performed by our army
in Mexico. When such a case presents itself, we
shall find in the national exchequer—I do not
mean the exchequer of cash, but the exchequer
of true gratitude and feeling—the means of giving
rewards. This is no common case. It is not the
case of a man who in battle meets the enemy, and
behaves valiantly. It is the case of a high and
noble commander, who led our armies from Vera
Cruz to Mexico, and carried the standard of the
country, m triumph and honor, above difficulties
and dangers, and opposition, almost unprecedented
since the earliest ages. His name is written in
imperishable characteis upon the military history
of the country. He has placed himself among
the great commanders of the age. His name will
go down to posterity among those men whose
names I need not repeat, who stand preeminently
forward in the history of the military world for
the last century. He needs no eulogium of mine.
His best eulogies are his own deeds, and the
affections of his country. That is all I have to
say on the subject.
Mr. WALKER. The Senator from Michigan
said that he had heard nothing which appeared to
htm like even the shadow of an argument, show-
ing the unconstitutionality of the proposition now
before the Senate.
Mr. CASS. 1 said that I had heard nothing to
show that a military title was a title of nobility.
Mr. WALKER. That is what the Senator
says now; that is what he meant. I listened to
the argument of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas,] and I thought that in what he said,
there was something which appeared to be, not
only a shadow, but the most material substance.
The honorable Senator from Michigan is compli-
mentary! He says he has heard nothing like the
shadow of an argument in support of the constitu-
tional objection, if I had made that remark in
regard to the argument of the honorable Senators
on the other side of the question, it might have
been attributed either to the real weakness of the
argument, or to my obtus^ness in not perceiving
its force.
Mr. CASS. I wish to say to the honorable
Senator, that when I used the phrase " shadow
of an argument/' I did not do so in a general
sense, but simply as to one point; I used it in
reference to the supposition that a military title is
a title of nobility. It was to that that I confined
the remark. I intended no invidious allusion to
any gentleman.
Mr. WALKER. I attempted, in my humble
place, to answer that point when made by the
Senator from Illinois, who introduced the tesoiu-
tion. He had asked, m reply to me, if thete was
not a distinction between a title of nohdity and any
title or office which at present exists in the Army,
and he instanced the title of caption, major, colo-
nel, and major general. I replied to that, and ad-
mitted that when duty is imposed there must be
some term or designation apph.cr.ble to the person
who discharges that duty. I then added, ay I be-
lieve, prudently, if any Senator couM point out any
duty to be associated with the style or title which
this resolution proposes to bestow? I have not
yet heard an answer to that question. I have
notheaidit alleged that iheieis any duty to be
associated or connected with the title or style pro-
posed to he conferred by the resolution. I also
stated, ami so did the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Douglas.] that it was not in my power to deter-
mine what style or title should be bestowed upon
the man who may hereafter eqiv-1 General Scott
or General Washington, if any shall equal them.
The Senator from Michigan says that when the
occasioYi shall arise, the exchequer ot the nation's
gratitude may be saftly chav. n npnn for theie-
waid to be bestowed, "itcwaid to be bestowed!
What is implied in that term ? That we shall go
on from step to step, from one to another, until
finally we Sihall have to adopt what is not only
seemingly an infraction of the Constitution, but
manifestly a direct violation of it, in bestowing
what is known to be a distinction—a title of no-
bility.
What is the spirit of a title of nobility? It is
a mark, an appellation, a style, or title -which is
merely complimentary, merely titular, and which
particularly sets an individual apart as one dis-
tinguished above his fellow-men for something
which he has done. Will the Senator venture to
go on further, from person to person, from degree
to degree of service, until he shall have reached
that point? If he is not willing to do that, let me
say that he is now, in my opinion, about to take
the first step of departure from the Constitution.
Whether he does, or does not, perceive the force
of the constitutional objection, he is now taking
the first step in this degree to confer a title of pre-
ferment upon an individual unassociated with any
demand upon him for service.
Perhaps it may be inferred by some that those
who make opposition to the resolution would dis-
parage the character of General Scott for his mili-
tary services. Far be any such design from us!
The man who will not acknowledge in General
Scott the highest degree of eminence as a military
man, must either not have read and studied his-
tory, and the very modern history of the country,
or he must have been unable to appreciate it when
he did read it.
Sir, there were circumstances associated with
the Mexican war which, m some respects, place
General Scott preeminently above all other mili-
tary men. But is this a reason why I should
confer on him a mere title of distinction, unasso-
ciated with duty? Take the case of the attack
upon the City of Mexico. In the first attack, the
American army under General Scott—a little
army of less than nine thousand men—was be-
fore a city with a population of more than sixty
thousand, and with an armed force of twenty-five
thousand to defend it. The Americans fought
the opposing army; they vanquished the foe. The
foe were retreating; they were entering the gates
of the city, crying that the Americans were upon
them. It would then have been easy for our army,
in the flush of its excitement and exhilaration of
spirit impelled by feeling® of ambition, actuated by
the events of the moment, to rush in and take the
city, and put an end to the matter. But was that
done? No. If that had been done, it might
have been attributed to the exhilaration of spirit
natural to military men under such circumstan-
ces; but it was not done. There was a stop,
an armistice. The armistice existed for days.
In the mean time the enemy within the walls
were arming; even the citizens themselves took
up arms to resist the final and ultimate at-
tack Anticipated; the fact is, I believe that the
armistice was sought on the part of Santa Anna
to enable his forces to render themselves as strong
as possible. The Americans sat quietly down;
their blood cooled; arid so they remained until the
armistice was at an end.
There is a moral associated with the uprising
of that little army with mighty odds against them,
j which, I think, is unprecedented in the annals of
1 v/aifare. They rose; they resolved to take the
j city, though it contained a population of sixty
[thousand, and on armed force of twenty-five
thousand within its walls; and, without excite-
| ment, by the mere exercise of cool and deliberate
i courage, they marched forward and took it.
j When within its walls, it was found that the
j streets were barricaded and fortified by batteries
! of cannon, and that the immediate thoroughfare
I to the citadel cotdd not be traveled; and General
| Scotland his army turned aside; they forced their
ij way thtough solid walls and blocks of buildings
ji until they "reached a point where they could ac-
|' tually command the city.
Never before in the history of warfare, m my
! opinion, was there such a feat accomplished with
' so much cool blood and courage. And standing
1 rbove all, and commanding all in that transaction,
! was the man whom it is now proposed to honor.
' ^ Sir, if, in my viewof theConstitution, it were m my
ii power. I would bestow the highest possible honor
' noon him. But I really think that this resolution
! is a denature from the Constitution: and beliov-
ji in,T so/1 cannot vote for it. It proposes to confer
