THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March BO,
gentlemen composing the committee to escape un-
touched from the suspicions and apprehension of
those who feel so intensely upon the subject, as the
respective printers naturally do?
These are the reasons which prompted me to
say a few words to the Senate before, and they are
reasons which, i think, should appeal to the reflec-
tion of every Senator on tins floor. We say to
you, that the execution of the law is surrounded
with difficulties, that these difficulties are met at
every point, and of course the larger a job, the
more anxiety and the fiercer contest there is for
the printing. Well, sir, as this body has, m its
own wisdom, seen fit to select, a printer, 1 am the
last man, so faras 1 am concerned, to take advant-
age of any discretion which may be delegated to
me by the law to withhold from the printer of this
body his legitimate rights. According to my un-
dei standing of the law, and according to what is
fair and right, I intend to give that officer his due,
hut there are complicated and difficult questions
i-onnected with the subject which embarrass the
committee, and will continue to do so until the law
is modified in some form. Still, 1 cannot consent
to this amendment, which will incur such an ad-
ditional expense. I know the great weight of the
argument of the Senator from Maryland lias been
as to the amount of expense; and "l have heard it
said on this floor, that the Treasury is in the con-
dition of a robust patient, needing- depletion. I
venture to say, that if the various jobs which I see
carving out shall be carried through, before the
close of the session the patient will require tonic
medicines and repletion, instead of depletion. It
may he said that this is a small matter; but, sir,
when a proposition is made which draws money
unnecessarily from the Treasury, I think it is my
duty, not only to raise my voice against it, but to
shield the Treasury in every form i can.
Mr. BADGER. The honorable Senator from
Alabama, has, I think, furnished the most con-
clusive re*\son for the immediate adoption of the
amendment which I have proposed.
Mr. KIT7JPATRICK. No, sir ; I say I am in
favor of modifying the law, but without increas-
ing the expense, as will be done by this amend-
ment.
Mr. BADGER. I did not say what the Sena-
tor's argument was, but what he proved. The
Senator told us that, as the law now stands, two
of the laigewt jobs of punting, as lie calls them,
imvc been ordered, and the Committee on Punt-
ing are totally mmble to decide to which of the
printers their printing belongs. As we used to
say in college, they are "graveled, " and cannot
come to a conclusion.
Mr. FiTZPATRICK. No, sir; let me ex-
plain.
Mi. BADGER. I have no objection to the
Senator's explaining when I get through, but
really I have a word to say myself.
Mi. hUTZPATRIOK. One pioposilion was
stopped by ji motion to reconsider.
Mr, BADGER. I give it up. I yield the floor
to the Senntor.
Mr. FITZPATRIClv. I intended simply to
say that the proposition to print fifty thousand
ropies of the Census Compendium had been fol-
lowed by a motion to reconsider, and that motion
had been laid upon the table. 1 alluded to that as
a matter undisposed of.
Mr. BADGER,, ff the Senator had waited he
would have seen that J wus meeting the piecise
point which he made. He says, that under the
law a* ji now stands you cannot tell who is
entitled to this printm<>.
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. No, sir; I did not say
that.
Mr. BADGER. The gentleman will allow me
to go on, and he can correct me when 1 am
through. I am sure he did state that in regard to
some printing of something, (1 do not care what
it was,) the committee could not tell, under the
Jaw as it now stand?, which punter was entitled
to it. Am 1 right m that?
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. No, sir.
Mr. BADGER. Then there was something
about which the committee were ignorant, and
could not come to a conclusion. It was either
printing or it was not printing. If it was about
pi'innng the amendment cleaily meets the diffi-
culty, because, after its adoption he that runs
mav read, and e\ery one will be able to interpret
the law so as to tell who shall do the printing of
each House. If the difficulty was not about the
distribution of printing t have nothing to say in
regard to it, because I do not see that it concerns
this subject.
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. My remark was, that ,
theie v/ere jobs which had caused embanassmcnt ■
in the committee, and which were adjourned and
unsettled questions. I did not say that the com-
mittee were unable to determine the law. I pre-
sume that when we come to act we shall interpret
the law as we understand it. But there are un-
settled questions before the committee in regard
to printing, and I referred to them.
Mr. WELLER. Will the Senator from Ala-
bama answer me this: If this amendment had
been the law no dilficulty of this sort could pos-
sibly have existed?
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. Of course not,
Mr. HUNTER. I hope now that we shall be
able to take the vote.
Mr. STUART. I suppose that inasmuch as
the Senator fiom Virginia hasspoken two or three
times on the question he will not be m very great
haste about taking the vote; but will allow me to
state some two or three reasons why I shall vote
against the amendment.
This is not, perhaps, the first occasion upon
which gentlemen of good intentions have differed
upon precisely the same ground. The Senator
from IVoith Carolina, when he introduced this
proposition, said that he did it for the purpose of
avoiding an undignified contest with the House of
Representatives. Now, sir, I think it is the best
means which could possibly be introduced to fur-
ther that contest, and to further it upon this very
bill. If the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance wants to pass this bill m season through this
Congress, the best thing he can do is, if possible,
to prevent this amendment from being attached
to it. if there is anything in the argument, if there
is any such fact as Senatois seem to suppose, if
there is a contest between the two Houses of Con-
gress growing out of this subject, 1 ask what pros-
pect is there that the House of Representatives
will yield their side of it? Sir, it is intimated here
that officers in the Ilouse of Repiesentatives are
connected with one side of this question; that they
have a pecuniary interest in the public printing,
if tlmy have they will certainly not yield on this
point.
Mr. WELLER. Who intimated that?
Mr. STUART. I really cannot undertake to
say who did it; but it has been done. Now let us
see whether there is any prospect of success in
that branch of the argument. I will undertake to
show that there is just as little validity in the ar-
gument which is used in respect to this amend-
ment in another quarter. It is said that (he Sen-
ate having elected a printer are bound to see that
he is paid. I fow did it e\ er happen that the Sen-
ate became bound, because they elected a printer,
to see that he was paid, and was not compelled to
fail? I ask Senators to reflect upon that argument
for a moment; when did the Senate ever assume
that obligation ?
Mr. WELLER. I think the Senator from
Michigan is mistaken. He does not state the ar-
gument correctly. We have assumed the ground
that when we elect a printer we are under an obli-
gation to give him the printing of whatever docu-
ments we may choose to oider, and not leave it
to the discretion of the Superintendent or any-
body else to decide whether he or the printer to
the other House shall get the printing which we
*oi der.
Mr. STUART. I think 1 can satisfv the Sen-
ator from California in a few words, if he will
look at this matter fairly, that his present state-
ment of the proposition is as much without found-
ation as the one which I stated. We elect a
printer under this law of Congress, and before he
accepts that election he knows what is the law,
for he is bound to know it. He knows, too, that
the seventh section, which is now proposed to be
repealed, stands in the law. It was put there for
purposes of economy, and for sound economy.
It is a portion of that law to which his election
and office are subject. And I say, that the fact
of our having elected a separate printer from the
House furnishes no reason for changing the law.
Sir, this case stands, so far as this amendment
is concerned, upon precisely the same ground, in
point of principle, that it would stand if it were a
proposition to pay the printer to the Senate $15,000
more than the law gives him.
Mr. HAMLIN. That is it.
Mr. STUART. That, in point of principle, is
exactly the effect of it. We may talk round about
the question r.s we hke, but that is the naked prop-
osition as it stands before the Senate. It is, that,
according to the seventh section of the law of
!&>2, as it stands, this printer does not get as
much as lie ought to get, and now it is pioposed
to repeal that section of the law at an additional
cost to the Government of $15,000 per Congress;
and it is giving that amount to the Senate printer
in oider to sustain him.
Now, Mr. President, I do not know but that it
may be somewhat wrong to oppose this proposi-
tion; but I should hke to know of the Senate if
the evil complained of does not lie at our own
door' Was there ony necessity for the Sen-
ate electing a separate printer from the House?
Did this act contemplate anything except tins:
that, in the political mutations of the country, it
might happen that the political character of the
Senate would be one way, arid the political char-
acter of the House the other wav; and that, in that
event, each House should elect its own pnnteis,
and that those printers should be dliferent men ?
That is the reason why this provision in the law
exists; and 1 appichend it is the only reason. 1
hope no Senator will understand me as going back
to review the election of a printer for the Senate,
or to say aught for or against it. 1 do not mean
to touch that subject at all; but I mean to say that
whatever evil has grown out of the execution of
this law, which is a sound law in point of econ-
omy, is attributable to the action of the Senate in
electing a printer. It might have been avoided,
and it can always he avoided.
Sir, is not the law a sound one? Is not the very
section which is now sought to be repealed one
of the soundest, in point of economy, that was
ever introduced into any law? It is, that in the
event of there being a separate printer for each
House of Congress, when each House shall order
a given document to be printed, the printer of the
House by which the document is first ordered to
be printed shall print it; so as to save the addi-
tional expense of its recomposition. Is it not
sound? In other words, the question now is,
shall the public Treasury of the United States be
subjected to this additional expense for the pur-
pose of sustaining an " organ," for that is about
all there is of it?
1 have been unable to see much reason in the
argument of the Senator from Maryland; and {
say so with all respect to him. lie says, the
fact that this will involve an additional expense
of £15,000 furnishes to his mind no objection to
voting for the amendment. T think the argument
would be equally sound, and unquestionably would
be adopted by the Senator with equal ab'hty, if
the amount were ^30,000. It means this, and
only this; and this is all the argument which is to
be made here to-day, as I have been able to un-
derstand it: that the Senate having elected a
printer, they mean, so far as their action is con-
cerned, to sustain him at one rate or another. I
intend to treat him just as 1 would treat any gen-
tleman in the office—I mean to give him the benefits
of the law under which he is elected, but to do no
more.
I said before that it had been stated there were
indecent scrambles—or some such term was used
—between the officers of the Houses, or the re-
spective printers, as to which House should first
order a document to be printed. I prefer to allow
these indecent scrambles to remain entirely where
they are. They are unbecoming a member of
either House. I am not willing to believe that a
member of either House would lend himself to aid
them in any degree; but if individual members
do,l do not propose that either House,as a body,
shall become tarnished with it. If there is any-
thing of this sort—and I am not disposed to deny
it, for I must confess that the estimate which I
hold of either of the " organs " m this city is not
a very high one by any means—hut if there is
anything of this suit existing, let it stand where
it is. These publicprinters are entitled to just ex-
actly what the law gives them; they were elected
upon that basis and they are not entitled to anything
more; at least that is my judgment. I have been
unable to see why they should be given more. I
have been unable to see why a controversy, such
