86
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 22,
a mere titular honor, infringing the spirit of the
Constitution, which prohibits the bestowal of titles
of nobility, and for that I cannot vote.,
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, for a period
of five years, in five consecutive sessions of the Sen-
ate of the United States, the proposition has been
submitted to authorize the President of the United
States to confer the rank of brevet lieutenant gen-
eral upon the commander of the American "army
in the late war with Mexico. Circumstances in
the condition of the country have prevented, on all
those occasions, that dispassionate consideration
which should have been given to the subject.
This is a time of peace and of political harmony
throughout the country. It is a time when the
country is ready and willing to see such honor be-
stowed upon this venerable general as he truly
deserves. 1 have seen nothing more gratifying,
since I have been in this place, than the very gen-
eral disposition which is manifested on the other
side of the Chamber to receive this proposition, to
consider it, to weigh it carefully, and to give a final
and just decision upon it. 1 am convinced, sir,
that every word that has been said by every Sen-
ator who has given his testimony to the character
of General Scott'as a soldier, as a civilian, as a
patriot, and as a Christian, was sincerely spoken;
and I do most fully believe that the Senators who
oppose the proposition, oppose it conscientiously
upon the grounds which they state, and upon con-
victions of public doty which they have adopted,
and not from any opposition to the distinguished
citizen.
Mr. President, what reason can be given why
the proposition shall not be adopted ? It is said
by the gentleman who last addressed the Senate,
that it is proposing to confer a brevet military
rank, which is equivalent to conferring a title of
nobility, and that it is therefore, m spirit at least,
a violation of the Constitution. It seems to me,
sir, that if there is any violation of the Constitu-
tion in this measure, the Constitution has been
violated and wounded every year for the last fifty
years, every year since it was established. An
army, as organized, has various ranks, various
ascending grades of office. The first which needs
to be noticed is the rank of cadet, and the last and
highest is that of commander-in-chief. In the
very first step of the organization of our Army we
appoint cadets, who serve a certain period to
qualify themselves for filling places in the Army of
the United States. When they have done thai,
and have acquired the education necessary to lit
them for active service, the very first thing we do,
if there is a vacancy in the rank above them, is to
promote them to that vacancy. The next rank
is that of second lieutenant; but inasmuch as the
office of second lieutenant is generally filled, we
resort, and have resorted, from the earliest adop-
tion of our military organization, to the practice
of promoting the cadet to the office of second lieu-
tenant by brevet. And so, when the second lieu-
tenant has performed his duties faithfully, and has
distinguished himself, we promote him,iftheie m
a vacancy, to a higher place. If there be no va-
cancy m the rank above him, we confer upon him
the office of first lieutenant by brevet. So it is with
regard to the offices of captain, major, colonel,
brigadier general, and every officer of every giade.
He achieves, and wins, and receives, in consid-
eration of the distinguished services he has ren-
dered to his country, absolute promotion, if it be
in our power to promote him, and if not, he re-
ceives such a promotion us we can give, viz: pro-
motion by brevet. That is to say, we give him
the brevet place now, which will entitle him to the
place fully when a vacancy shall happen.
If, then, there is any violation of the Constitu-
tion in making a major general a lieutenant
general by brevei, there is no more than there is m
making a second lieutenant a first lieutenant, or
a captain by brevet. The principle is the same
throughout.
I do not intend to say a word upon the general
subject of the ground upon which this honor
should be bestowed upon the gallant soldier for
whom it is intended; but I will say that there are
circumstances in the case which require that the
honor, if it is ever to be conferred, should be con-
ferred now. Gentlemen have alluded to the claims
which have been established by this distinguished
commander to receive this honor at the hands of
his country by his services m the Mexican war.
It is truly said by the honorable Senator from .
North Carolina, that those services were only the
capital placed on the top of the column. We
have only to go back and remember that, when
he was a stripling, a youth, he entered the service
of his country as a volunteer, and obtained a com-
mission in the war with Great Britain, in 1812.
We find him wounded, and shattered, and broken
in the direst conflicts of that war; and we see that
he recovered his strength, his vigor, his powers
only to offer himself to new and more dangerous
trials at every time and on every occasion after-
wards when his country was exposed to danger.
Sir, he is shattered and bruised all over with
wounds received from the enemies of his country
in her defense, and he cannot survive long. At
the same time, as has been truly said, there has
never been shed one drop of blood by him un-
necessarily; there has never been drawn from
suffering humanity, by him, one tear without com-
punction.
Why, then, shall we not pass this resolution,
and reward the gallant officer upon whom it is
proposed to confer this high honor? We are told
that we shall give a dangerous precedent. Sir,
there is no danger of precedent here, for such ser-
vices come very rarely. Gentlemen have tasked
their recollection to find precedents in the history
of the country, and have found only one which
they can quote as at all bearing upon this ques-
tion, and that is the case of General Washington
at the close of the American Revolution. It is a
period i f sixty years, then, since any soldier has
come before the Government of the United States
claiming such honors, or since they have been
claimed m behalf of a soldier such as it is said
were offered to Washington. If we can judge of
the future by the past, it will be sixty years more
—ay, sir, I fear it will be hundreds of years more
before there will arise another commander so
brave, so pure, so humane, so wise, so generous,
so devoted to his countiy and to humanity as
Winlield Scott.
What is this honor that we propose to give him ?
It is only to give him a higher grade in the Army
than that which he now occupies. Do we forget
—can we forget, that the country which he sub-
dued—Mexico, the enemy whom he prostrated
and humbled—tendered to him, not merely the
empty honor of a title, but the Presidency—the
actual government of that Republic. He declined
that, as a faithful citizen of the United States. It
is but just, then, that we should reward him with
this rank; for a soldier, it is the highest that our
country has in her power to give.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, and the question upon order-
ing it to be engrossed for a third reading was
taken by yeas and nays, with the following re-
sult:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Bndaer, Bayard, Ben-
jamin, Uiodhcnd, Cass, Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Dodge
oi Wisconsin, Dodge of Jowa, Evans, Fish, Foot, Gwm,
James, Jones ot Tennessee, Mason, Pearee, Prait, Sebas-
tian, Seward, Shiolds, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson oi New Jersey, Wade, Woiler, and Wright-—o().
N AYS—Adams, Bn^ht, Chase, Ciav, Douglas,
Fit/,paJiiek, flatnlm, Nouis, Slide!!, Sumner, Walkei, and
Williams—i*2.
Mr. SHIELDS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to allow the joint resolution to be
now read the third time. The sense of the Senate
has been taken, and the subject may as well be
disposed of now.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read the third time and passed.
executive session.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doois were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 22, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. William H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
delegate from nebraska.
Mr. HENN. I rise to a privileged question.
I beg leave to present the credentials of EL D,
Johnson, Delegate from Nebraska Territory, and
move that they be referred to the Committee on
Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
DELEGATE FROM NEW MEXICO.
Mr. HENN- I would also inquire whether the
credentials of the Delegate from New Mexico have
yet been referred ?
The SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. HENN. I think it would be proper to
refer them to the Committee on Elections.
The SPEAKER. They were presented by the
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton,] and were
not referred.
Mr. HENN. Then I move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
memorial of the medical association
of the united states.
Mr. ORR. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to present a memorial. By a rule which
was adopted the other day, it is not in order to
present petitions in open House. The memorial
which I hold in my hand ought, I think, to be
referred to a select committee. It is from the
Medical Association of the United States—a very
respectable body of gentlemen—and requires legis-
lation of Congress.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 insist on the reg-
ular order.
Mr. WALSH. I object. I have got several
petitions of a similar character myself, which I
wish to present.
Mr. ORR. I have accomplished my purpose.
I was in hopes that this courtesy would have been
extended to the medical fraternity of the United
States.
The SPEAKER. It is objected to.
adjournment until monday.
Mr. FLORENCE. I rise to what I conceive
to be a privileged question. I move that when
this House adjourns, it be to meet on Monday
next; and I do it, if I may be permitted to state
my reasons 
[Ones of u Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. May I not state the rea-
sons why I make the motion ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I conceive, sir, that the
motion 
[Cries of " Older!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will withdrawthemotion.
I only desired ro explain my reasons for making it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair did not decide
that the motion was out of order. The Chair
only decided that discussion was not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I so understood the Chair;
but failing in my purpose to explain my motives,
I withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the
committees foi reports.
charles lee jones.
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Charles Lee Jones; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and refeired to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, made the order of the
day for to-morrow, and ordered to be printed.
naval steamship service.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Post Office Department,
transmitting estimates for the cariying on of that
portion of the mail steamship service which passes
under the supervision of that Department.
Mr. HOUSTON, I move the reference of the
communication to the Committee on Ways and
Means, and that it be ordered to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The call upon committees for reports having
been gone through with, the Speaker called upon
States for resolutions.
bounty land claims.
Mr. COBB. I am glad, Mr. Speaker, of this
opportunity to contribute my humble mite in favor
of doing justice to the widows and orphans of
those who nobly defended our country in the hour
of need. I ask leave of the House to introduce a
bill entitled "A bill giving furthertime for satisfy-
ing claims for bounty lands, and for other pur-
poses," of which previous notice has been given.
There was no objection; and the bill was read a
