1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
MOBILE AND NEW ORLEANS RAILROAD.
Mr. PHILIPS. I ask leave to introduce a
bill entitled "A bill making a grant of alternate
sections of land to the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, and Louisiana, to aid in the construction of
a railroad from Mobile to New Orleans."
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
MOBILE HARBOR.
Mr. PHILIPS asked and obtained leave, and
introduced a bill for the improvement of the harbor
of Mobile; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PAY OF THE OFFICERS OF THE ARMY,
( Mr. HOUSTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
directed to inquire into iht  expediency of so modifying the
laws fixing and regulating the pay and allowance to the
ofheers of the Army, as to give a compensation 111 money
per month, and such rations in kind as may be ncccssary
for their subsistence, abolishing longevity rations, together
with all other extta allowances; and also, into the propri-
ety of so modifying existing laws, that brevet appointments
shall in no case increase theemnpensation.
NAVY- YARDS AND MARINE HOSPITALS.
Mr. HOUSTON offered the following resolu-
tion; which was read and adopted:
Resolved> That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of abolishing and
disposing of such of the navy-yaids and marine hospitals
belonging to the United States as can be dispensed with,
consistently with the public interests, and curtailing the
expenses and annual costs of those which may be retained ;
and also inijune into the propriety of abolishing all extra
allowances and rations to ofhcers'of the Mamie Corps.3'
LANDS FOR THE SOUTHERN RAILROAD.
Mr. SINGLETON asked and obtained leave,
and introduced the following bill: which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
" A bill granting to the State of Mississippi the
right of way, and alternate sections of public
land, for the purpose of locating and constructing
the Southern Railroad."
IMPROVING PASSES OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. HUNT offered the following resolution;
which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he is here-
by, instructed to report to tins House the reports, maps, and
estimates on file in his Department, showing the practica-
bility and expediency of deepening and otherwise improving
the passe." of the Mi&sibSippi.
Mr. DUNBAR, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands:
ii A bill to remove obstructions to navigation in
the mouths of the Mississippi, at the Southwest
Pass and Pass a Loutre."
Mr. D. also introduced a bill to establish a navy-
yard and depot near the city of New Orleans;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a bill granting to the State of Louisiana
the right of way, and a donation of the public lands,
for the purpose of locating and constructing a rail-
road from "New Orleans to the Mississippi State
line in the direction of the town of Jackson in
said State; which was read the first and second
- time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. DUNBAR, it was
Ordered, That he have leave to withdiaw fiom the files
of the Hoil'se the papers of Alexandei Lee, for the purpose j
of refeience in the Senate. |
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, offered the fol-
lowing resolution:
Retolifii, That the Spcic'tiiry of the Treasury be re-
quested to inform the House v.h;\t changes Imve been made
wiihm tire fast year in the manner of keeping the public
revenue; and how far the Assistant Treasurers have been
made available a- depositaries for disbursing officers for the
General Government,
The question was taken, and the resolution was
agreed to.
SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. DISNEY, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill of the following title: " A
bill for the indemnification of certain American
citizens for spoliations committed by France prior
to 1801;" which was read the first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. SAPP, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced a bill of the following title: " A bill
granting the right of way and making a grant
of land to the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
in aid of the construction of" a railroad from the
town of Coshocton via Mount Vernon, Mount
Gilead, and Marion, and Fort Wayne, in Indiana,
to Chicago, Illinois;" which was read the first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. EDGERTON, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill of the following title:
" A bill explanatory of the act, entitled * An act
for the relief of Benjamin S. Roberts;' " which
was read the first and second time by its title,and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. E. also offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce he instruct-
ed to inqune into the expediency of contracting for the
erection of a custom house and marine hospital at Toledo,
Ohio; and eleai mg out and working channels in the Maumee
Cay, in Ohio.
The question was talcen, and the resolution was
adopted.
gunnison's survey.
Mr. CHURCH WELL introduced the follow-
ing resolution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War he requested to fur-
nish to this House all the information in his possesion
relative to Captain Gunnison's survey, as far a& it has gone.
ARMORY IN INDIANA.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to offer a resolution
to which I hope no member will object. It is
merely a resolution of inquiry. I oiler the follow-
ing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mihtarv Affairs be in-
structed to m.juuc into the expediency of' establishing a
national fmindeiy and aimory in the State of Indiana, at
or neai the Fall® of the Ohio river.
The question was taken, and the resolution
adopted.
SWAMP LANDS.
Mr. ENGLISH, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, giving" to
the States the entire control and disposition of
swamp lands within their limits, granted by act
of Congress, approved September 2$, 1850, and
repealing so much of said act as requires the pro-
ceeds of such lands to be used m the construction
of levees and drains; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
CANAL AROUND THE FALLS OF THE OHIO.
Mr. DUNHAM, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, providing
for the construction of a steamboat canal around
the Falls of the Ohio river; for the enlargement of
the Louisville and Portland canal; and for the
extinguishment of the stock of private stockholders
in the Louisville and Portland Canal Company;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals.
INDIANAPOLIS AND SPRINGFIELD RAILROAD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, on leave, introduced
a bill, of which previous notice had been given,
granting the right of way and making a grant of
the public land to the States of Indiana and Illi-
nois, to aid m the construction of a railroad from
Indianapolis, in Indiana, to Springfield, in the
State of Illinois; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
CAIRO, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. BSSSELL, on leave, introduced a bill, of
which previous notice had been given, constituting
Cairo, in the State of Illinois, a port of delivery;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
| and referred to the Committee on Commerce,
j IMPROVEMENT OF THE GALENA RIVER.
i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, on leave, pre-
i vious notice having been given, introduced a bill
, for the iinpioveinent of the navigation of the
i Galena river and harbor of Galena, in Illinois;
I which was read a first and second time by its title,
I and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
I LANDS TO IOWA AND MINNESOTA.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce the following bill:
"A bill granting the right of way and making a
grant of the public lands to the State of Iowa and
the Territory of Minnesota, to aid in the construc-
tion of the Northwestern Railroad, from Galena,
in the State of Illinois, by the valley of the Tete
de Mort, to the great bend in the Minnesota river,
m the Territory of Minnesota.'9
^ The bill was read a first and second time by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
MODIFICATION OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, offered the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate to this House the plan which lie
is prepared to recommend for the enlargement and modifi-
cation of the present judicial system.
The resolution was adopted.
UNSOLD LANDS.
M r. WENT WORTH, of Illinois, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave, and
introduced t( A bill granting to the States all the
unsold lands in every land office district where the
expenses for any quarter exceed the receipts;"
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
AMENDMENT OF THE RULES.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I ask
leave to introduce a resolution, which I offer at
the request of a very large influence outside of
this House:
Resolved, That the Committee on Rules be instructed to
mqune into the expediency of providing, by rule, for the
equalization ot th<  privileges of claims agents in Congress,
so as to admit all persons within the bar of the House who
may be claims agents, oi else to exclude privileged persons
whenever they may be engaged in the lobbying for claims,
the object of the rule being purely to give no one claims
a^nt an advantage over another withm the bar of this
House.
Several Members. Read it again.
The resolution was again read for the informa-
tion of the House.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. That subject is
already before the committee on the rules, and
everything else connected with the amendment of
the rules. I cannot regard the resolution other-
wise than as a mere piece of Buncombe. I there-
fore move to lay if. upon the table.
[Loud cries of " No! No!" and " Let it go to
the committee.8']
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table, and it was de-
cided in the negative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the pre-
vious question, which was seconded, and the main
question was ordered to be now put.
The question recurring upon the adoption of
the resolution, it was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to, and to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The question was taken on the latter motion,
and it was agreed to.
TERRITORY OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. MILLER, of Missouri, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Territories:
" A bill to organize the Territory of Nebraska."
THE MEXICAN WAR.
Mr. MILLER. In pursuance of previous
notice, also introduced the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
" A bill explanatory of an act approved July 19*
184S, entitled, * An act to amend an act,' entitled
'An act supplementary to an act,'entitled 'An
act nroviding for the prosecution of the existing
war'between the United States and the Republic
of Mexico, and for other purposes.5"
IMPROVEMENT OF WESTERN RIVERS.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri, in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced the following bill;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Commerce:
"A bill making appropriations for the im-
provement of the Missouri, Mississippi, and Ohio
