1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
797
as existed before in the last Congress, at least in
the House of Representatives, should be renewed
again. *
The members of the last House of Representa-
tives suffered a little on account of just such a
controversy as this. It was a long time before
any printer could be elected to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and whdt was the result? "Why, sir,
the documents which that House ordered for itself
have been voted by the present members to them-
selves. The order was made at the close of the
last Congiess. The printing of the documents
could not be completed until the present Con-
gress convened, and the gentlemen composing'
it determined that inasmuch as they had got the
subject within their control they would order the
Clerk of the House to distribute the documents
to them. I do not apprehend a much more suc-
cessful result to this controversy, let it end as
it may; and I believe that it will endanger this
very deficiency bill, by a controversy which will
be got up between the two Houses. I have no
doubt it will delay the final passage of the bill
very much. 1 fear it may lead to certain results,
by way of committees of conference, which are
seldom happy upon an appropriation bill; for the
experience of the country will show, that when a
committee of conference makes a report upon ap-
propriations, the two Houses, in nine cases out
of ten, and perhaps in ninety-nine cases out of a
hundred, agree to the report; and provisions are
put into appropriation bills in that way which,
&epaiately, could not command a majority of either
House of Congress. All that I wish to avoid, so
far as I am concerned.
I confess that from the discussion which has
been had in the Senate f fear this proposition
will prevail here. All that I can do, having stated
my reasons for opposing the amendment, will be
to vote against it. I hope, however, that the
law will not he changed, for I have been unable
to see any sufficient reason for it.
Mr. BADGER. 1 wish to suggest an amend-
ment to the amendment as it stands, for the pur-
pose of meeting the difficulty suggested by the
Senator from Maine with regard to its operation
upon the printing already ordered. As the yeas
and nays have been ordered, I cannot modify the
amendment without the consent of the Senate, and
I therefore move to amend it so as to strike out the
word "for," and insert "which may hereafter be
ordered by," so that it shall read, " each shall do
the printing which may hereafter be ordered by
the House'electinghim."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. BADGER. I simply wish to make one
remark in reply to the Senator from Michigan.
We all know that the printers are entitled under
this law to just what the law gives them, and
nothing more; but I suppose that is not a very
good reason why we should not alter the law if
we find that in its practical operation it does in-
justice.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, T desire to call
the attention of the Senate to what I consider the
practical view of this question. We have a
printer for the Senate, uho is an officer of this
body. Now, unless we have the means of giving
him an income from the work which he does for
us, sufficient to make it an object to him to perform
our printing, we shall deprive ourselves practi-
cally of t'ie privilege of electing that officer. My
friend from Virginia said that there was a scram-
ble for the public printing. My objection is that
there is not a scramble at all. If I understood
correctly, the members of the Joint Committee on
Printing, on the part of the Senate, are not over
friendly to the Senate printer, and if their feelings
were consulted, I apprehend that both my honor-
able filends on that committee, who have spoken,
have already indicated by their speeches that
they would prefer the printing to go to the printer
of the House.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Will the gentleman
pardon me for a moment, as he alludes to me?
I do not think my remarks are susceptible of the
interpretation which he gives them. I do not think
I expressed a preference for either the printer of
the Senate or of the House. I remarked that I
was friendly to both gentlemen, and had but a
limited acquaintance with each. 1 did not say
whether I had a preference for one or the other,
but I have a very high regard for both.
Mr. PRATT. I infer that the House have
appointed a committee, the members of which are
desirous of giving all the patronage they can to
their printer. Without assuming, then, that my
friends—the members of the Joint Committee on
Printing, appointed by the Senate—have any pref-
erences at all, I presume that those appointed by
the House have. What is the result? Here is
a joint committee, and they are to decide whether
this, that, or the other document is to be printed.
The House members of that committee have their
preferences; they have their desire to have all the
patronage go to their printer. The members of
the committee on the part of the Senate have no
preferences. The consequence is that there is a
scramble on the part of the House members to give
patronage to their printer, and no scramble on the
part of the committee of the Senate to give it to
ours. The result js 
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator 
Mr. PRATT. I am now speaking upon a case
of mere hypothesis, but a hypothesis which you
will readily see, sir, may take place. I say, the
amendment of my friend from North Carolina
ought to be adopted, for the purpose of preventing
the possibility of such an occurrence. The case
which I put is one which may occur.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir; it cannot occur.
Mr. PRATT. I submit, contrary to the
opinion of my friend, that it may'occur. He
says it cannot occur. Why, sir, if, as I suppose,
those gentlemen who are appointed members of
the joint committee on the part of the House are
desirous of giving the printing to the printer of
the House; and if, as I assume, further, my hon-
orable friend from Maine, and his colleague on the
committee on the part of the Senate, do not care
whether the printing goes to the printer of the
Senate or not, they can, by not making their re-
port, or the committee on the part of the House
by hurrying their report forward before our com-
mittee make theirs, can undoubtedly give all the
printing to the printer to the House.
Now, sir, it is right in itself that, if we appoint
our own officer, the work which we order to be
done should be done by him, so that he may re-
ceive the compensation which is legitimately to be
derived from that work. That is all 1 desire to
say.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to correct the Senator
from Maryland in one important particular. The
law provides that all questions of printing in the
House shall be decided by the House committee
irrespective of the members from the Senate, and
all questions of printing in the Senate are decided
by the Senate committee irrespective of the House
committee; therefore the Senate part of the com-
mittee have nothing whatever to do in relation to
what is or what is not ordered to be printed in
the House, nor have the House committee any-
thing to do in relation to what is ordered in the
Senate. We are separate committees for that
purpose; made so by the law.
Mr. BADGER. But how as to the time of
making the report for the punting?
Mr. FITZPATRICK. The Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Pratt] has indulged in an argu-
ment upon the hypothesis that the committee on
the part of the House of Representatives are
anxious to give the printing to the printer of the
House.
Mr. PRATT. That may be.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. And he describes my
honorable colleague on the committee [Mr. Ham-
lin] and myself to be perfectly indifferent as to
what is going on. I endeavored to correct the
gentleman, and to impress upon him that I had
avowed no preference for either printer; but, on
the contrary, I said I had a regard for both those
gentlemen. I did not say whether I had or had
not a preference for either. I may have a prefer-
ence, but I deem it improper and, perhaps, un-
called for here to express it; though, if it were
necessary to do so I should do it. I think the
argument in which the Senator from Maryland
has indulged does injustice both to the honorable
chairman of the committee and myself; for so far
as I am concerned, and 1 bear testimony that so
far as he is concerned, we have endeavored to do
ample justice to the printer of the Senate as well
, as the printer of the House of Representatives,
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to reply to a
tion of the Senator from North Carolina, which
did not meet my ear.
Mr. BADGER. Then how can you reply to
it?
Mr. HAMLIN. It has been stated to me by
another Senator who- did hear it. i understand
that the Senator made a suggestion of this char-
acter: as to the time when the respective commit-
tees reported.
Mr. BADGER. I will give the Senator what
I said: Questions of printing are referred to the
Committee on Printing of the two Houses. Under
the law, as it now stands, the printer of the House
which first orders the printing gets the whole
printing of a document. It is, therefore, very
manifest, that as the question who is to do the
work depends upon which House first orders the
work to be done, and as the question which House
will first order the work to be done depends ma-
terially upon the Committee on Panting of which
House first makes the report, and upon its being
made, of course by the mode of making the re-
ports and the time of making them, the public
printing may be thrown altogether into the hands
of one printer, and out of the hands of the other.
That is what I meant to say.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is altogether
mistaken.
Mr. BADGER. It has been done in the in-
stance cited by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator is mistaken
entirely, Jn relation to the ordinary printing 6f-
documents, ail questions of pruning documents
ordered in the Senate go to the Senate committee.
The House members of the> committee have
nothing to do with them. They do not meet us;^
they do not know the fact that such questions are
referred to us. When printing is ordered in the
House and extra numbers are asked for theprop-
osition goes to the House committee, and we know
nothing of it. When a resolution from either
branch of Congress is referred to that committee
for its joint action, then it would depend upon the
report of the committee. Before the question of
printing is referred in the Senate to the Senate
committee, or in the House to the House com-
, mittee, the printing is ordered, and it is only the
question of printing extra numbers that goes to
the committee, and therefore they only report
back, in separate committees, as to the extra
numbers. The House having ordered the print-
ing, the question of extra numbers goes to the
committee of that House. There is no case, there-
fore, except when a resolution goes to the com-
mittee directing them to have a work prepared,
where the character of the printing is determined
by their report. That has only been in one case
at this session, and that report was made to the
House of Representatives where the order had its
origin.
The question being taken by yeas and nays upon
the amendment of Mr. Badger as amended, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Atchison, Badger, Bayard, Brod-
head, Blown, Butkr, Clayton, Douglas, Everett, Fish,
Foot,Geyer, Hunter,Mason, Morton. IVarce,Pettit, Pratt,
ltnsk, Sunnier, Thompson oi Kentucky, Weller, and Wright
—•2}.
^ NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Dodsc of Wisconsin, Dodge of
Iowa, Fessend^n, Fitzpatrick, Gww, Hamlin, Jones of
Iowa, Norns, Shdell, Stuart, Wade, and Williams— J3.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
offer the following amendment, as an additional
section to this bill:
Sfo   Jind he it furfker enacted, That for custom-
houses, and to complete the same, the following sums be,
and they are hereby, appropriated :
For the purpose of completing the custom house at St.
Louis, Missouri, $100,000.
To complete the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
$85,000.
To complete the custom house at Cincinnati, .Ohio,
£40.000.
To complete the custom-houce at Louisville, Kentucky,
£40,000.
To complete the custom-house at Bangor, Maine,
$20,000.
To complete the eustom-hou«e at Bath, Maine, $20,000,
To complete the custom hou&e at Wilmington, Delaware,
$•12,000.
For the purchase of a «ite for a custom-house at Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, $24,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I would ask the Senator if
these are estimated for by the Department?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Yes, sir.
Supposing that I might probably have to offer
such an amendment, and that I might be cut off
by the provision of the rule to which the Setwitor
