1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
of North Carolina unanimously adopted resolu-
tions instructing their representatives to urge
upon Congress its execution. These are strong
appeals; too strong, I hope, to be disregarded by
this body. Before I more fully enter into my
arguments,I will dispose of one or too preliminary
objections which may be urged against the pas-
sage of the bill. It will be doubtless inquired
why, if this work is of so much importance, did
the Committee on Commerce report adversely to
the passage of the bill? In reply to this objection,
I feel authorized to state that the adverse report
of the committee was not founded upon any want
of merit in the Dill, but upon the fact that the
committee had determined to report a general
river and harbor bill, and for that reason a ma-
jority of its members thought it would be incon-
gruous to report a separate and distinct bill for
any work whatever. The honorable chairman
informed me, m the presence of the committee,
that this work appealed more strongly to the jus-
tice of Congress than any other they had before
them. As evidence that this was the feeling" of
the committee, I am informed that there is a lib-
eral appropriation for this very work contained
in the general bill which they have reported.
It may be, then, inquired why did I not con-
sent to make this a portion of the general bill ?
Why make an exception in favor of this work ?
If the memorial had been read, the House would
have observed that this work is now being carried
on by funds raised by private subscriptions.
The former appropriation made by Congress had
been exhausted, and the works, being left in an
unfinished state, were exposed to daily destruc-
tion; and, to avoid that misfortune, the patriotic
and enterprising citizens of Wilmington raised
such an amount of money as the officers in charge
of the work reported was necessary to continue
its execution until the end of the fiscal year.
That time has now elapsed, and yet this gen-
eral bill has not been acted upon; and if this bill
is not soon passed, another draft must be made
upon the patriotism and enterprise of my people.
I would submit that in this there would be neither
fairness nor justice. Hence my unwillingness to
defer this measure until a general bill could be
passed. Some of my Democratic friends may
ask, why not resort to tonnage duties in order to
raise the amount required ? In reply to this ques-
tion, I will state, that if there existed any reason-
able hope that Congress would authorize the lay-
ing of such duties for this purpose, I would prefer
it; but your records will show that I have made
attempt after attempt to have this done, but
always without success. Indeed, I know from
experience, that if such a measure should pass
this House, it would certainly fail in the Senate.
Then, this resource being closed, what other alter-
native is left to us but an appropriation by Con-
gress ?
Some of my friends, knowing my strong oppo-
sition to any enlargement of the powers of the
Federal Government, may be surprised at my ad-
vocating a billof this character; butl say to them,
that I have never considered it an assumption of
power on the part of the Government to under-
take works national, or, more properly speaking,
general in their character. Your revenue is de-
rived from importations, and, as long as this is
done, so long is it your duty, in one way or an-
other, to remove such obstructions as necessarily
impede or prevent importations. Why do you
have buoys on your rivers; breakwaters on your
bays; beacons and light-houses on your coasts?
All of these improvements rest upon the same
principle; a principle, the strength of which must
be acknowledged as long as your money is col- ;
lected from importations. But, Mr. Speaker, an- j
other consideration presents itself to my mind, :
which has a strong, direct bearing on this ques- ,
tion. It is this; The Government owns, and, as i
a consequence, has exclusive jurisdiction of the
localities where these improvements are being
established; and I will submit, if the Federal Gov- |
ernment has not the power to carry them on, who
has? The State of North Carolina has parted
with her ownership, and, of course, she has no
right. For this purpose she could notlay a stone
or drive a pile without being a trespasser upon soil
over which the General Government has exclu-
sive jurisdiction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will discuss the merits of
the bill, and, if not much mistaken, 1 will be able
to show the House, not only in a financial, but in
a military point of view, its passage will be highly
important. Yes, sir, in the language of the En-
gineer Department, that " the work is thoroughly
nationalI will read an extract from their report,
with the letter of Superintendent Bache, addressed
to me upon this subject:
Engineer Department, Washington, )
February 8, 1854. £
Sir: In reply to the letter of Hon. T.J. D. Fuller,
chairman of Committee on Commerce, House of Represent-
atives, dated 6 ii instant, referred to this office lor report, I
have the honor to inclose herewith extracts from the letters
of Captain D. P. Woodbury, Corps of Engineers, dated Jan-
uary 2J and February 3, 1854, showing the progress made,
up to this tune, with the works lor the*improvement of the
Cape Fear bar, and their present condition.
1 regard the proposed improvement as practicable, and as
an object of national nnpoitance.
Mr. Fuller'^ letter is returned herewith.
I have the honor to be, verv respectfully, your obedient
servant, JOrf. (ikUTTEN U. BRIGHT,
United States Engineer.
Hon. Jefferson Davis, Secretary of War.
Coast Survey Office, Jidy, 5, 1854.
Dear Sir: Jn reply to your question as to the danger of
postponing action at the Cape Fear, I have the honor to
state, that the main bar is constantly deteriorating, and
that the longer the work is delayed, the more difficult it
niu t be to remove the obstruction. Since the survey jn
HS51, the main bar has shoaled nearly or quite two feet.
The geneial fact is, that as the mam bar shoals, the west-
ern channel and Hie new inlet increase in depth, so that
the channel, which it is dCMred to stop, the new inlet, in
creases in depth, (by the bar being pushed further out to
sea,) while the main bar decreases, mukmg lad worse!
Too prompt nrea&uies cannot be taken to remedy this dis-
astrous state ot things The longer u is delayed, the gieater
will be the cost; and there is gieat risk that beyond a cer-
tain point enteiprise may be " too late."
Very respectfully, yours, A. D. BACIIE.
Hon. W. is. Asim, Hou^e of Reps.
Another report, from the same source, further
informs us that there was once over twenty feet
water on the Cape Fear bar, where now only nine
or ten are found. This is indeed alarming, and
brings immediately to our minds the question, will
not our Government suffer in its revenue if these
obstacles are allowed to increase, or to even
remain as they are? A glance at the situation of
that town will offer us a satisfactory solution ofihis
question. There are now completed, or in rapid
construction, six hundred miles of railroad, con-
verging at Wilmington. In consequence of this
improvement, we find the exports increasing
from $1,200,000 in 1840, to 000,000 in 1853;
and, sir, the most prudent and sagacious of our
merchants calculate, that in five years after the
completion of this improvement, its exports an-
nually will amount to $15,000,000; but, of course,
Mr. Speaker, these calculations are based upon
the removal of these obstructions at the bar. If
they are allowed to continue, the farmers of North
Carolina will have to look elsewhere for a shipping
port, and that city, distinguished as it is for its
patriotism and enterprise, will soon have " its days
numbered."
Our products heretofore have been shipped prin-
cipally coastwise. Every Atlantic State partici-
pates m our trade. Maine looks to us for the best
of her ship-building materials; Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, and Baltimore, are dependent on us
for their naval stores. Sir, you cannot visit one
of these cities without being struck with the great
contribution made by the trade of Wilmington
to their wealth and prosperity. These cities are
fully aware of the importance of this trade, and
hence each of them, I believe, expressed its warm
solicitude in favor of these improvements at our
bar during the last session of Congress. But, Mr.
Speaker, whatever may have been the amount of
interest which those cities have hadcheretofore in
our trade, it will be but " as a mote to a beam"
as to its future. In the single article of coal, it is
calculated that this interest will be immeasurably
increased. The city of New York has already
invested nearly a half of a million of dollars in our
coal fields. Boston is not much behind her in this
new enterprise. This material, so necessary to
individual comfort, to manufacturers, and to steam
navigation, will be soon poured into their markets
in the greatest abundance, of a quality the very
best, and at a price one half of what it now com-
mands. I have before me the reports of the most
eminent geologists, and they are replete with the
evidence of these facts; and if the House will
bear with me a moment, I will have their opinion
read. I will first read from Emmons's report, our
State geologist.
" The two varieties of coal, the bituminous and semi-
bituuiinous, passing into anthracite, are known in this coal
field. The bituminous is scarcely equalled for fineness
Pd excellency m this country, and it lias been said by a
ntleman who is well acquainted with Liverpool coal,
that it will burn twice as long. A direct comparison has
not been made, to my knowledge, but that the assertion has
much truth in it, I have no doubt.
" The Deep ltiver coal is, in the first place, quite free
from smut; it does not soil the fingers but in a trifling de-
gree. It burns freely, and forms a cake ; or it undergoes a
semi-fusion, and agglutinates, and forms a partially im-f
pervious hollow cake, within which combustion goes on'
for a Jong time. When a small pile of it is made upon the
ground, it may be ignited by a match and a few dry leaves
oi sticks. It may be ignited in the blaze of a Samp or can-
dle. The coal is, therefore, highly combustible, easily
ignited, and burns with a bright flame like hghtwood, for'a
long time.' It may be burnt upon wood fire. It may be
burnt in the common fire-place, and it is not a little strange
that gentlemen who have used it for many years, in a
blacksmith's forge, should not have used it in their par-
lors, mnead of green black oak.
"This coal is adapted to all the purposes for which the
bituminous coals are specially employed. Thus, for the
manufacture of the carburretted hydrogen, for lighting
t-treets and houses, there is no coal superior to it. It will
require less expense for furnishing it, because it contains
so little sulphui, from which sulphuretted hydrogen is
formed. So, also, in the grate, it will be far less offensive,
for the same reason. But, as it is rich in bitumen, it will
furnish a large amount of gas, and that which is, compar-
atively, pure. This advantage is one of great importance.
It should also be stated that it furnishes an excellent cake,
which may be used for manufacturing purposes; and as it
isleitvery porous, if is in a condition to absorb a large
j quantity of the solution of cyanide of potassium; and
hence, is well adapted to the work of reducing the metals.
It is scarcely necessary to add, that itis admirably adapted
to beamings, inasmuch as its flame is free and durable.
For forge use, it is not surpassed by any coal in market;
and for parlor grates, it is both pleasant, economical, and
free from dirt. It a chimney has a poor draft,it is liable to
the objection common to all coals of this kind—the escape
of soot into the loom."
Dr. Jackson is not less decided in his opinion
as to the value of these coal fields. He says;
"The immediate object of this report, is to bring dis-
tinctly into view the importance of the coal mines of Deep
River, which are destined to furnish no tuconsiderable
amount of fuel for steam navigation, and for various man-
ufacturing establishments.
" The existence of large beds of good bituminous coal,
m a region accessible to boat navigation, is a matter of uni-
versal congratulation ; and no one can at first fully appre- ,
ciate the advantages that will ultimately arise from a dis-
covery of this kind. North Carolina is therefore peculiarly
fortunate in possessing suck mines, so conveniently sit-
uated.
" The excellent bituminous coals of Deep River will al-
ways command the highest prices in the market, and I
should advise that the best coals only should be sent to a
distant market, and the poorer qualities be kept on the
ground, to be ut-ed ior diiving the steam-engines of the
works, and for local uses at steam saw-mills and forges,
there being a large local demand for cheap coals."
All who have examined the situation of these
coal fields, lying, as they do, immediately on the
Cape Fear river, agree that coal can be delivered
at the town of Wilmington, or any other point
on tide water, at less than $2 50 per ton.
Now, when we call to mind that the average
price of coal ranges from six to seven dollars per
ton in our northern cities, these extracts should
satisfy their Representatives of the great advant-
age the removals of the obstructions from our
river would be to their immediate constituents.
With a restoration of twenty feet water oil thebar
vessels of such tonnage could engage in our coal,
trade, which would so cheapen its transportation,
that Boston, in the way of fuel alone, would save
annually §200,000; Providence, in Rhode Island,
$100,000. The city of New York save to her con-
sumers one half million of dollars worth of coal.
But however important this new supply of coal
may be to our north ern cities, it is not a whit less so
to our Government. Independent ofits forges and
work-shops, the Government consumes annually
thirty thousand tons of coal on her steamships, and
for which it pays seven dollars as prime cost. Our
coal can and will be delivered at the Government
depots at two dollars per ton, thereby saving every
year the sum of $150,000 to the Government. In
order to satisfy the House I do not exaggerate
the importance of these coal fields, i will read a
portion of the annual report of the South Carolina
North Eastern Railroad Company, wherein the
President says:
" We cannot close without brief reference to the advant-
age of a road from Clreiaw to Raleigh, in North Carolina,
fo'deflecied' as to pa*s through the valuable coal forma-
tions of that State. Ourrequirementsfor coal are dailyin-
creasing, and would be difficult to estimate tha value of
Charleston as a market to those engaged in its supply, "or
the advantages to accrue to our road from its transporta-
tion. We are now entuely dependent upon foreign mar-
kets and the cities north of us for our suppjy, which reaches
us with all the charges and profits of transportation, to
