mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which niiHt be ad'Ied liio ami e.\ jiensus incurred
upon its arrival. We ure lnfoi itifd Hiat :u this moment the
treiglit alone, upon a ton ofcoa! iiom Phtiadflphia i-ieqmv-
lem io the co^t of transportation from the co.it fiuias of
frorlb C;ir>.!ma to Charleston. Tile uru<_';: v/ov;!(! titus
furnished the consumer attiie eo-t of nulling, with thusm
g!e charge of one tiansporlation."
But independent of the greater cheapness of
this coal, another consideration presents itself to
my mind, which I would commend to the atten-
tion of the House. Our commercial and naval
steamers are now entirely dependent on foreign or
northern markets for their supply of fuel. In
case of a war with any maritime Power, what
would be our condition? Just suppose for a mo-
ment the mouth of the Chesapeake and Delaware
blockaded, what possible use could you make of
your steamers? It is the dictate of a wise and
prudent forecast to anticipate this crisis, by the
establishment of a coal depot at Fort Johnson or
Fort Caswell. You will have a southern as well
as a northern supply. Either of these localities,
now belonging to the Government, offers every
possible advantage for a depot; and it appears to
me that this step is so eminently wise, that its bare
suggestion should insure its adoption. TheOov-
ernment spends thousands of dollars annually to
protect and preserve thetr naval timber. Why
not a few thousands to place itself in the undis-
turbed possession of a supply of the best and
cheapest coal yet brought to market?
But as germane to the military protection of my
State, I will present to the House another view in
which a certain portion of these works should be
considered. We have two outlets for the Cape
Fear river; the one at the main bar, thitty miles
below Wihnington, the other known as New Inlet,
but eighteen nules below. The engineer depart-
ment has recommended theclnsmgup of the last,
for the purpose of increasing the volume of water
which would pass out at the main bar, thereby
removing the sand shoals which have formed at
that place; but this will not be theonly advantage
resulting from the closing up of this inlet. In' a
mihtaiy point of view, it will be highly important.
Witli this inlet open, I he whole trade of the south-
ern and western portion of North Carolina would
be exposed to any inroads an enemy might make
upon us, 7'he two forts erected at or near the !
mouth of the river would be useless for our pro-
tection, as they are situated some nine or ten miles
below the inlet, and, of course, through it small
war steamers could easily pass, bombatd, and
destroy our property, and then return to the ocean
with impunity. An hour's sail would place us
completely m their power. The War Deportment,
from a document 1 have here, appears to be fully
sensible of our great exposure, and, as a part of
the plan of coast fortifications, recommended the
erection ot a fort at this mlet. This convention j
has recommended, in the place of a tort, that, the
in let should be closed up, which can be done at
less expense; and when once closed, there would
be an end of all further expenditure. Neither
soldiers nor munitions of war would have to be
supplied. So the Mouse will observe that the
closing up of this inlet will have a double effect:
that of increasing the volume of water passing out
of the main bar, and also insuring protection
against a hostile invasion.
f have now, Mr. Speaker, given the House such
facts as must impress it with the nationality of |
this work, and place it on the same footing as any j
other great improvement; but i would be doing j
much injustice to my constituents if I rested their i
application on this basis alone. Sir, the first res-1
olution adopted by the convention referred to, j
demands the completion of this work as an act of
justice; they allege that you have caused their dif- ,
ficuities, and that it is your duty to remove them. J
What is us language: i
'' RetolieJ, That tlic Uenera! Government by the eree- |j
tion of jdttics on Oak Island tor the projection of rite for !'
tincatiofi? there, ami ihc consequent u-n-.b;ni: avvav of the -
sands upon tit,, opposite point of Raid Head, and lliw I
deposit upon tile main liar ot' Cape. Fea>, lias been tin;
cause ot pieat and lasting injury to the commerce of North
varonija.
By reference to this map which I hold in my
hands, kindly furnished me by the Coast Survey, i
1 will .^now tae justice of their complaint '■
In the year 1833 or 1824, Port'Caswell was
erected on this point of land, known as Oak !
island; and, m a course of a few years, it was dis-
covered that its foundation was beim- fast washed
away by the force of the easterly winds, the only
July 10,
remedy was to run jetties out into the channel, so
as to prevent this abrasion. The jetties were so
constructed; they were i un out from three to four
hundred feet. The remedy was compiete. High
dry land was formed around them as far as
they extended; hut, as a consequence, our best
and deepen channel was destroyed. In the year
1827 I, tor the first time, made a sea trip; and it
is my recollection that our vessel passed out of the
liver where there is, at present, high dry land.
What has made the change? Then it was fifteen
feet water; now it is dry land. Facts—which are
" stubborn things "—clearly show the cause of
the change. I wjil read a few letters from indi-
viduals of high character and respectability, whose
life business it has been to examine and to become
acquainted with every change of the depth of
wnter on the bar, and whose opinion upon such
subjects must command the confidence of the
House. The first letter which 1 will read is from
Captains Bates and Lawson. These gentleman
have had charge of the Wilmington and Charles-
ton boats for the last ten or fifteen years, and
which occupation required them to pass and re-
pass, two or three times weekly, over the bar. I
will not consume the time of the House by read-
ing the letter, but merely give a synopsis. They,
m answer to a letter of mine, state it as their opin-
ion, derived from observations made by them
during the course of the last ten or fifteen yeaisj
that the impediments in the western channel have
been chiefly caused by the building of the jetties
to protect Fort Caswell.
The next letter which 1 will read has been fur-
nished me by the pilots of the bar. These gen-
tlemen I know well, and believe each of them
above stating anything but what is the truthful
conviction of their mind:
Smithvii.lk, N. O., May 4, 1854.
Dtar Sin: Your l  tier io u«<, nuking our opinions a< to
tin; etli-ct 01 thr (iov^rnnit'iit work.-- at O.ik If land to pro-
to'.'t tin: sho at Foit Caswell, hhs bad upon the channel and t
the depth ot water on the bar, we have to replv as lo!- {
The jetties opposite Fort Caswell were extended, m 1
some eases, three or four Jmndted feet, and had a very
decided eildet hi cluing up the channel called the "Rip,"
the one usually taken by lite Charleston -4eamer.-<, and the
effect on the mmn bar has been gradually, but peieeptiUly,
ami certainly, to mhiee ihe depth of water from fifteen to
lee-* than t< n I'eot.
To ^i«ow moro cleaily Urn cfi'.-rt, w> will refer to the
recent!} coimiueted jetties at Bald Head to protect that
point and counteract the em-ct of Uieji-ltie* >Werred to at
Oak Maud. The water has been deepened on tin.   Kip  
to about thirteen or foiutcen tuet ut high tide, and is now
uiuoh better than the mam bar.
We have, mo>t oi'un been pilots here during the la^t ten,
and some of u<i fifteen years mill aie perfectly eeitain that
the. effect of UiejeMH'on Oak Island has [)(ien, a.s wo have
*uted, to reduce the depth ot water on the bar at the mouth
ni the river, and in tbi" opinion the pilo^, so far as we
know, unanimously concur.
We have taken tin
an there
method of replying to your letter,
diileienee of opinion among us upon ilns
ubieet. 1
We at
K
John \v, (j \m.ow ay.
S. iV. Gam,o\va.y,
J\Ml-\s (iU'llliUK,
, respectfully, your obedient .servants,
"AKi) Down K, G. K. SMITH,
. H. Davis,
Thomas K. Dybr,
i'harlks (?. dosiier,
Danikl Smith,
Richmond Taylor,
Lewis A. (tallow vy,
J. A. Mason.
i J B Pkici
! J vy.rs \Y. Cm:mmov«?
; JAMKS II. COMMONS,
! Julius Oossiicr,
I JAMKVS ARVUI.D,
Hon. W. 65, Amu-, M. C.
I I will now read a letter from General Alexander
Mucllae, the president of the Wilmington and
; Roanoke Railroad Company, a gentleman who is
well known to many members of this Congress,
[ and who, I state, though not educated as a civil
1 engineer, yet, by Ion«; practice, stands second to
but a lew in the country:
WlTMIXGTON, May .?, 1854.
v ou a«k me for my opinion as to the injuri-
ous *ftrcts produced by the jetties erected by the Govern- ■
nient on Oak Inland Point, to project the beach from wash-
ing away at Fort Caswell. Jn answer, I can only sav :
that it i* I he universal opinion of' the pilots, wnose hfe-lomr
occupation it m to obseive the channels of the river and
fiommy connection with the steamboat line from this place
to Charleston for the last seventeen yeais rhesa.ne opinion
forced upon me. At and previous to the erection of these
jetties, there wa-; twcU-e feet at low water in the channel
at Oak inland, and soon after their construction the chan-
nel began to shoal, until our boats drawing six feet water
grounded at low water, and were, in con sequence, frrriuent-
Jy detained from three to four hours waning for the flood
tide to float them. With such tacts, I cannot believe
otherwise than that these jetties were the cau&e of the
filling up oi the channel. The Oak Island channel, which
om' was within one hundred yards of the
heaen. The election of the jetties had a tendency to ac-
cumulate the sand between and aiound them, and a* they
extended to the channel, the shoal formed entirely across it.
If' you, or any one in the least acquainted with the drifting
character of sand at our bars, were to seeand examine ihe
works, yon could readilv see why the effect was produced.
To aid you, I will append a rough sketch of the point of
Oak J i.iTid and jetfief, and the place of the channel, which
may aid you m underhand;).g the subject. If you wilt
apply at the Coa?^ Survey Office, you can obtain a correct
chart, which will better illustrate it than my sketch, made
from memory. Since 'he commencement of (he works on
Bald Head, a channel j* being scoured out thiough the mid-
dle giound on the Oak Maud side of it that is improving
rapidly. This has raised our hopes that if an appropriation
is made by Congress to finish these works, we shall have
as much water as in former times, which was twenty-one
feet. Of the final success I myself have not the remotest
doubt-., provided the plan proposed by the gentlemen ot the
Coast Survey is fully earned ont. I therefore tnost sincere-
ly hope that you will succeed in obtaining the appropria-
tion. KespectSully, ALEX. MacRAE.
Hon. W. S. Ashe.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will submit whether, if
this Government is not bound, when it uses its
powers so as to injure any portion of its citizens,
by every principle of justice to remedy the wrong
done? Let any Representative imagine a wrong
of this character done to his constituents, would
he not demand an immediate application of a
remedy ? I am informed that our Government is
regularly, punctually required to remove such
deposits as may accumulate in the East river, ill
consequence of the operations carried on at the
Brooklyn navy-yard. It is but proper and just
that the Government should be required to do so;
and on the same principle it should remove the
obstructions complained of by my constituents.
The older members of this House will recollect
that a few years since, when one of our war steam-
ers, the Missouri, was burnt and sunk in the har-
bor of Gibralter, our Government was compelled
by the British Government to have it removed;
and a resolution was introduced in the Senate by
Hon. R.M. T. Hunter, from Virginia, to appro-
priate $80,000 for this purpose, and it passed
without a dissenting voice. And I will ask, if
there is any difference between the principle of
that appropriation and the one solicited by my
constituents in their memorial? No, sir, there is
no difference in principle, the only difference is in
parties. In the former case, a foreign people were
the sufferers, in the latter our own citizens.
But who will maintain that it is proper to do what
is just to foreigners, and at the same time to deny
it to our own people? 1 am well aware that some
members of this House represent districts so com-
pletely inland, that they look with jealousy, if not
with ill-will, upon improvements ofthis character;
but 1 cannot believe that they are so deaf to justice.
I cannot believe that their prejudices are so strong,
that they will be unwilling to do what is right in
this matter. No, Mr. Speaker,that which is rif<ht
will be done by the House. Such, at least is iny
expectation. And now, in fulfillment of my prom-
ise to the House, I move the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded tellers on the sec-
ond.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Campbell,
and Perkins, of New York, were appointed.
, The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 79, noes 50.
So the demand for the previous qaestion was
seconded.
Th
put
mam question was then ordered to be
Mr. MILLSON. I move to lay the bill uoon
the table.
Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I call for the
yens and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ASHE. 1 demand the previous question on
the passage of the bill,
Ihe question was taken; and, on a division,
there were, ayes 81, noes 28; no quorum voting.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will ascertain
whether there is a quorum in the House.
After a count the Speaker announced that there
were one hundred and thirty-five members—over
a quorum—in their seats.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order.
My question of order is this, that when the ques-
tion was put a quorum did not vole; hut subse-
quently a good many other members have come in
