800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30.
care of the western appropriations which are esti-
mated for by the Department, and which are right
and proper in themselves, so far as I know. I
shall vote for the whole of them.
Mr. PRATT. If 1 looked upon the question
as my friend from California does, with the view
winch he takes of the two appropriations, and
with a desire to support the appropriations rec-
ommended by the Department, I might vote as
he intends to vote. But I submit to him whether
the water appropriation does not differ from any
of those which he has now spoken of? 1 sub-
mit it to his candor. We aie only opposed to
putting in the bill the appropriations for the vari-
ous works suggested by my fiiend from Ken-
tucky, for the reason that we believe they would
occasion the defeatof the lull in the House. Why
do we believe so? The honorable Senator from
California says, that if the House defeat the bill
because of those appropriations, then the amend-
ment which we adopted yesterday ought also to
defeat it. He also says, that he does not go to
the House for the purpose of ascertaining whether
he should vote for tins appropriation or that. I
apprehend that the Senator hom Viiginia, who
voted for the water appropriation yesterday, is as
little apt to go there as the honorable Senator from
California. But, sir, there is no necessity to go
there for the purpose of learning what their views
are in regard to the claws of amendments offered
by the Senator from Kentucky. We all know
that when the first deficiency bill of this session
was in the f louse, it contained the very clasp of
appropriation." now proposed on the motion of the
Senator from Kentucky to he put in this bill, and
for that reason it was rejected. The appropria-
tion proposed to be made by the amendment
which we agreed to yesterday was not placed in
that bill. We therefoie do not know but that it
may meet with the concurrence of the House.
We know with certainty thai if you plm.e the
amendment of the Senator from Kentucky in this
bill it defeats it. We do not know that the
amendment which we adopted y esterday will have
that elieet. 1 submit therefore to the candor of
my honorable friend to say whether there is not
a distinction between that amendment upon which
the sense of the I louse has not, been taken and tins
one in reference to which they have already de-
cided ?
Mr. BAYARO. I have one or two woids to
say upon this question; and 1 must again differ
from my ho no able friend from M aryland. This is
an appropriation bill; but it i« called the deficiency
bill, i piesnme that the true line of distinction
as to the propriety nf placing an appropriation m
it, or reserving it for a general appropriation bill,
must depend upon whether there lias been any
unforeseen reason why any appropriation should
be now made which connects it>elf with the pre-
ceding nppropnahons by <i ptevious Oongtess.
That I presume to he thegeneral ground of passing
beforehand a deficiency bill, connected with the
appropriations of the current fiscal year, instead
of that which commences on the first of July
next. If, then, these appropriations, under the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, can he brought within that principle, there is
but one other objection whu h can be made to their
adoption—that is, the objection made by the hon-
orable Senator from Maryland, of the danger of
these appiopriations defeating the lull in the
House. I shrill address myself to both points.
As to the first.: The Congiess of the United
States, at a prt-vious session, authorized the build-
ing of the custom-houses At the commencement
of the present session the Secretary oftheTreas-
uty, under whose charge then building is placed,
reports to you specifically as to certain custom-
houses, that, owing to the rise in the price of ma-
terials and other unexpected events, they could
not be completed according to the oiigmal de-
mand, and specifications, and designs of the De-
partment, under the appropt unions which have
been made; but that he had made agreements
which would provide for their construction, with
the stipulation with the contractors that th _• sgi ce-
ments might be carried out so as to make an in-
ferior work, unless Congiess were pleased to
appropriate to carry them out according to the
origma! design. The Secretary, therefore, has per-
formed his duty, fie has left the matter in this
condition, fie has expedited the construction of
the buildings to the utmost extent of his power.
They are all more or less advanced; and the whole
question to be decided is whether, m consequence
of the unexpected increase both in the prices of
materials and the rates of wages dmingthe last
year and a half, we will make an appropt lation to
carry out the original plan. Inasmuch as the budd-
ings cannot be constructed in a fire-proof manner,
accoidmg to the ouginal estimates and designs,
they must either be constructed in an inferior man-
ner, not being fire-proof, or else they must be de-
layed for the whole of another year, though they
are now in progress of construction. I ask
whether that is not precisely a case that comes in
point of time within a deficiency hill, and which
would require that the appropriation should be
made now instead of being postponed until the
month of August or September, when the building
year will nearly have passed ?
I submit, therefore, that, accoi ding to the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury, un-
less you say that these custom-houses ought not
to be completed in a fire-proof manner, unless you
say that you will not put them in an appropriation
bill at all, they are a class of works which, from
their position, peculiarly require that they should
go into the deficiency bill. 1 will take—because I
am more familiar with it than with others, though
I have no doubt that the same aigument would
apply precisely to other cases—the building au-
thoii/.ed to be erected in my own cily. The ori-
ginal appropriation was $J25,~27 98. The Sec-
retary, in a if port made to the Committee of
Ways and Means in the House, which 1 hold in
my hand, states that Fie hus made a contract; that
that building can be constructed, though not in a
fire-proof maimer, for the amount of the appro-
priation; but he thinks it is the interest of the
Government toconstiur.t its buildings m a perma-
nent and more durable mannei, and therefore he
gives an additional estimate of $12,000, making
$37,k2'27 98 in all. That budding stands in this
situation. Under the contract the foundation has
been constructed, and the building- stands in a po-
sition in which, at the opening of the season, the
work could be resumed. Tne contractor must
either proceed to make wooden girders or stone
arches; in other words, he must either make the
building fire-proof or not. Under his contract he
has a right to go on and complete the building
without making it fire-proof. That is one of the
conditions of the contract. The Secretary had no
authoiity except to make it contingent m that
mode. If the amendment does not pass, and by
so doing you postpone your action, the building
must be constiucted in an imperfect manner, if the
contractor chooses to go on, because of the addi-
tional cost of $1:2,000 which you refuse. Is it
not, then, a case which m pointof time appeals to
the propriety of the insertion of this amendment
m what is called the deficiency bill, which con-
nects itself with past appinpriations, and m which,
on account of an unforeseen contingency, the ap-
propriation should be inserted enabling us to do it
more speedily than by waiting for the general ap-
propriation bill? If we wait for that the whole
season will be lost.
1 submit, therefore, that in point of fact, and of
sound policy—I have no doubt the other custom-
houses stand in the same position as the one to
which 1 have alluded; for these are the reasons
given by the Secretary of the Treasury in refer-
ence to them—they all connect themselves with
precedent appropriation^. The increase in the
j>nce of the lumber and labor being so great, anting
from unexpected events since the custom-houses
were authorized to be built, and the amount which
is necessary for their construction according to
the original designs being greater than the amount
appropriated, the Department, I think very wise-
ly, believing that it was far more important to the
Government, that buildings of that character
ahou'd be fire-moof, and of a permanent char-
acter, than that the difference of $*200,000 or
$300,000 should be saved in their construction,
has recommended these additional appropriations,
which are clearly deficiencies depending upon an
unexpected event. I say, therefore,they address
themselves to the intelligence of the Senate, as
proper objects for a deficiency bill, far more
strongly than the case of the Washington aque-
duct. f voted in favor of that. I think it right
that the work should progress; but there was no
state of things requiring an immediate appropria-
tion comparable at all to the case of the custom-
houses. I have shown you the case of one in my
own State. I have no doubt other Senatoiscouid
show you others in their States. The building,
at the mere will of the contractor, must go on,
and be made in an imperfect manner; or, if unwill-
ing to do that, and preterrmg to let it he over, it
must be postponed another year before it can be
finished. In either case there isalo^s to the Gov-
ernment. J submit, therefore, that I have made
out a stronger case, not merely for the appropria-
tions, hut fur their insertion in this deficiency bill,
which is meant to provide for unexpected emer-
gencies, than the case of the $500,000 voted for
the Washington water-works, or the $75,000 for
the budge over the Potomac. There is no reason
in either of those cases as strong for their inser-
tion in this bill as there is for the insertion of
these appropriations.
I come then to the other objection. The hon-
orable Senator from Maryland says that you
have the evidence that ihese appropriations, if in-
serted, will endanger the bill in the Flouse, but
that you have not the evidence that by the appro-
priation of hair a million for the aqueduct it will
be endangered. I have great deference for the
other branch of the National Legislature. I
place them precisely in the position which i think
they ought to accoid to us—equality, nothing
more, norhmg less. When a measure comes be-
fore me winch 1 think right and proper in itself,
although there may have been hasty action, as I
have heard, elsewhere; although it may be that,
after passing by decided majorities, every one of
theenstom-house appropriations in detadasproper
measures they rejected the bill, I will not sup-
pose, I will not do them the injustice to suppose,
when the question comes before them as an
amendment made by this body, that they will
defeat the bill on account of it. The most that
you can an'icipate is that they will strike out the
amendment. If they do that, it is time enough
foi us to determine whither we will place the fate
of the bill on the amendment or not. But I would
not so far derogate from the respect to which 1 he
House is entitled, as to suppose that they would
kill the bill because we placed upon it an amend-
ment. Of course, if they differ from us, they can
reject the amendment. Then we can, through the
medium of a committee of conference, or it will
depend upon the will of the Senate, whether we
think the amendment of sufficient importance to
persist in it, and so hazard the fate of the bill,
its fate is not in question on the original adoption
of the amendment. I submit, therefore, that an
argument of that kind is inconclusive. It is not
sound in itself. We have no right to anticipate such
action as regards the other branch of Congress.
But, further, 1 deny that the honorable Senator
from Maryland has authority to say that that bill
was killed because of the custom-house appro-
priations being in it. There wei e other questions
connected with it. You cannot know the motives
of individual members. You do pot know why
that vote was given. There weie a variety of
opmioj.y entertained, and I thmkthe Senator from
Maryland will recollect that there was in the bill
an appropriation for New York. I know that
theie was a controversy between persons m regard
to that. 1 hive nothing to do with these personal
controversies as to the Mint between New York
and Philade'phia; but who shall tell me that they
had no swaying influence m relation to the vote
on flie lull 3 1 cannot answer these questions. I
do not presume to say on what giound the other
branch of the National Legislature defeated the
bill, after thev had, by decided major ity, approved
every one of the individual appropriations which
are now asked to be inserted; but I take it for
granted that, as men of sense, they did not defeat
the bill on the ground of these appropriations,
every one of which had a majority of the body
in Us favor.
I take that for granted. I do not, therefore,
believe that the rejection of the bill was on account
of these appropriations. I believe, even if they
had something to do with the cause, which we
cannot exactly inquire into, which led to the de-
feat of the bill, when we make these amendments,
proper and appropriate, and germane to a defi-
ciency bdl,as 1 have endeavored to show them to
be, and they go before the House, they will be
treated with the respect to which they are entitled.
If the House differ from us, of course they will
reject our amendments; and then comes theques-
