1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
Several Members* "Oh, no!"
The question was put on Mr. Phillips's res-
olution; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS moved that the vote last taken
be reconsidered, and that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Henn to suspend the rules for the purpose of re-
porting back from the Committee on Public Lands
a bill " making a grant of land to the State of Iowa,
in alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State."
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that bill, and as
I think we have done a very large day's work, I
move that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and, accordingly,
the House (at fifteen minutes past three o'clock)
adjourned until to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Monday, July 10, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of A. B.
Fairfax, Lieutenant United States Navy, praying
to be allowed the pay of a purser during the time
he acted in that capacity, in addition to the regular
pay received by him as lieutenant commanding;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the me-
morial of James L. Collins, praying indemnity for
property lost in the Mexican war, and for services
as secret and confidential agent of the United
States rendered during said war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Col-
onel William Gates, of the United States Army,
praying indemnification for louses sustained on
board the San Francisco steamship; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of cit-
izens of Haverhill, in Massachusetts, setting forth
objections to the fugitive slave bill, and praying
that it be at once repealed. The person who has
forwarded this memorial to me states that it is
largely signed, without distinction of party, by
Whi s, DemociaU, and Free Democrats; and
that a large portion of the signers ai e rnembeis of
the National Democratic party, and were voters
at the last election for Franklin Pierce as Presi-
dent. I move that the memorial be refened to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PEA ROE presented thememorml of James
H. Gale, praying to be allowed the bounty land
to which his brother was entitled as an officer of
the Army of the United States; which was referied
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Also, the petition of Davidge Ridgely, praying
a pension for injuries received while in the naval
service of the United States; which wa-s refeued
to the Committer on Pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented addi-
tional evidence in support of the claim of Hemy
C. Miller and Philip W. Thompson, and of Jesse
B. Turley; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. ATCHISON, it was
Quieted, That the memorial of Henry C. Miller, Philip
W. Thompson, and Jesse B. Tmley, with the adverse te-
port ot tlic Committee on Indian ULutsthereon, be recom-
mitted to the Coinuuitee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of inhabit-
ants of Kalamazoo, Michigan, praying a reduction
of the rates of ocean postage; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. MASON presented a petition of the agri-
cultural club of Stevensville, m King and &ueen
county, Virginia, praying the adoption of meas-
ures for reducing the cost of Peruvian guano to
the agriculturists of the United States; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition of inhabitants
ofCieveland, Ohio, praying a reduction of the rates
of ocean postage; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a petition of inhabitants of the State of
Ohio, and a petition of inhabitants of Philadelphia,
Pennsylvania, praying the repeal of the fugitive
slave law of 1850; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
PAPER WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BENJAMIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Peter N. Paiilet be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred the petitions of
William K.Jennings and Alphia Jennings, Henry
A. Wise, Ann Robinson, Edward Rudd, and
Mary Martin, severally asking compensation for
slaves taken and carried away by the British,
during the war of 1812, out of the fund provided
for under the first article of the treaty of Ghent,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for the
relief of William K. Jennings and others; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
The report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of W. D. Porter, a Lieu-
tenant in the Navy, praying remuneration for ex-
penses incurred in conveying his Excellency Amin
Bey, the Commissioner from Turkey, and suite,
from Genoa to the United States, submitted a re-
port, accompanied by a bill for his relief; w'hich '
was read, and passed to a second reading. The
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill to au-
thorize T. H. McManus to enter, by preemption,
certain lands in the Greensburg land district,
Louisiana, submitted an adveise report thereon;
winch wavS ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refeired a hill for the relief of John Boyd,
submitted an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to he primed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Neal Smith, agent
and attorney in fact for the heirs of William Tur-
vin, deceased, piaying to enter certain lands be-
longing to the United States, in lieu «of lands
which the Government has disposed of, to which
they were entitled, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill for the lelief of the hens of William
i Turvin, deceased; which was read, and passed to
I a second reading. The report was ordered to be
! printed.
! Mr. MASON, from the select committee, to
S whom was referred a resolution of the Senate,
i instructing them to inquire into, and report upon
| the organization of the Senate, so far as related to
| its Executive officers, submitted a report, accom-
; panied by a resolution; which, togethei with the
, report, was ordered to be punted,
j NOTICE OF A BILL,
j Mr. SEBASTIAN gave notice of his intention
j to ask leave to introduce a bill lo authorize the
■ State of Arkansas to donate a certain part of her
' swamp lauds to aid in the construction of railroads
1 in said State.
| BILL INTRODUCED,
i Mr. MALLORY, agieeably to previous notice,
' arfked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to es-
, tablish a marine hospital at Appalachicola; which
:: was re^ul a first and second time by its title, and
i' referred to the Committee on Commerce.
|j CALIFORNIA INDIANS.
I' Mr. SEBASTIAN submitred the following res-
'Solution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the President he requeued to cause to
he eoinimiiiic.ited to the Senate copies of all the corres-
pondence and other official documents on file in the De-
partment ot the interim, redpeetnii,' the claims oi persona
tor services pertoumul, arid supplies and suhMStence fur-
nished, to Indians in Cahlornia, undei contracts with In-
dian age-nts, in the jear and embracing the names of
claim ants, the amount respectively ot' their claims, on what
account created, and by what authority, if any.
CHEROKEE TREATIES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Re^olvcil. That the Secietary of the Intenor furnish, for
the use, ot the Senate, a certi'tied copy of the renter or
record of the u heads of families." entitled lo life-estate
re&eivations undei the Cherokee treaties of 1817 and 1819.
THE ICaRIAN COMMUNITY.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am requested to present the
petition of E. Cabet, who is the superintendent
or chief of a society in my State, called the Icarian
Society. They are French immigrants who have
associated together on what is called the com-
munal system, and are really amongst the most
interesting immigrants that have ever come to our
western country. Peaceable, amiable, intelligent,
and inoffensive, they have formed a society in the
State of Illinois, by which they are trying to work
out this problem of socialism, or communism, as
it is called. They occupy the place which the Mor-
mons formerly occupied in our State. They are
certainly an excellent exchange for that society.
We are very well satisfied, in Illinois, with the
change. Since they have come to Illinois they have
won the esteem of our people by their intelligence,
their quiet demeanor, their amiability and indus-
try, and their extraordinary talent.
They have sent me a petition in which they
ask for a grant of land in the State of Iowa, in
order that they may establish a similar society
there. They do not ask the Government to give
them the land as a donation, but that they may
be permitted to make a selection, and after the
selection has been made, to pay the Government
on such terms as may be prescribed.
Mr. EVANS. Are they " rappers?"
Mr. SHIELDS. They are not "rappers;"
they call themselves Icarians. They are, in fact,
what we in this country understand as commun-
ists or socialists, and they have given me quite
a different idea of that doctrine—if it may be
called such—from what I supposed prevailed in
Prance. Their system is certainly a very simple
and fraternal one, and, as far as it operates in our
State, it is working remarkably well at all events.
1 take occasion to present the petition accord-
ing to their request, and move its reference to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
GRADUATION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to introduce a bill " to graduate the
price of public lands, and for other purposes."
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
and second time by its title.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 move that it be printed. It
need not be referred.
Mr. WALKER. I think the bill ought to go
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope it will not go to that
committee. I introduced a bill for a similar pur-
pose. It was one of the first bills introduced at
the commencement of this session; but it has not
yet been reported back. The House also passed
a similar bill, which was referred to the same com-
mittee, but has not yet been reported back.
Mr. WALKER. There is a similar bill to this
before the committee, and we had some indications
that others, with like provisions, were to be intro-
duced. I thought that this, being on the same
subject, ought to go to that committee.
Mr. IIUNTER. I prefer that it shall He on
the table. I shall ask that it be taken up the day
after to-morrow.
The bill was ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney,their Clerk, an-
nouncing that they had passed a bill making ap-
propriations for the civil and diplomatic expenses
of Government for the year ending 30th of June,
1855; which was read twice by its title, and refer-
red to the Committee on Finance.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill from the Senate to confirm the
claim of William H. Henderson and Robert Hen-
derson to five hundred acres of land in the Bas-
trop grant.
Also, that they had passed a bill to change the
name of the American-built brig HalloweU to that
of James Rose, and to grant her a new register.
TUSCUMBIA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the bill " to constitute Tus-
cumbia, in the State of Alabama, a port of deliv-
ery," have instructed me to report it back and
recommend its passage. Inasmuch as it is a mat-
ter of local interest to the people of that section
of Alabama, and of immediate importance to them,
\ trust the Senate will indulge me by now consid-
ering and passing the bill. I will state to the
