1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
Senate that the establishment of a port of delivery
at this place is recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury.
There beingno objection, the Senate, asin Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill. It proposes to create Tuscumbia a port of
delivery within the collection district of New Or-
leans, for which place there is to be appointed a
surveyor of the customs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
INDIAN RESERVATION IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to give notice to
the Senate that at one o'clock to-day I shall ask
them to proceed to the consideration of Executive
business, and I hope the Senate will indulge me
by acceding to that request, in the mean time, I
wish to have them consider a small bill which has
been reported by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
and has passed the House. It will not lead to
any discussion. It is House bill "to authorize
the President of the United States to cause to be
surveyed a tract of land in the Territory of Min-
nesota, belonging to the half-breeds or mixed
bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux nations of Indians,
and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It proposes to authorize the President to ex-
change with the half breeds or mixed bloods of
the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, who are
entitled to an interest therein, for the tract of land
lying on the west sideof Lake Pepin and the Mis-
sissippi river, in the Territory of Minnesota, which
was set apart and granted for their use and benefit,
by the ninth article of the treaty of Prairie du
Chien of the 15th of July, 1830; and for that pur-
pose to cause to be issued to them, on the execu-
tion by them, or by the legal representatives of
such as may be minors, of a full and complete re-
linquishment by them to the United States of all
their right to the reservation, certificates or scrip
for the same amount of land to which each would
be entitled in rase of a division of the reservation
prorata among the claimants—which certificates or
scrip may be located upon any of the lands within
the reservation not now occupied by actual and
bona Jlde settlers of the half breeds or mixed
bloods, or such other persons as have gone into
the Territory by authority of law, or upon any
other unoccupied lands subject to preemption or
private sale, or upon any other unsurveyed lands,
not reserved by Government, upon which they
have respectively made improvements. The cer-
tificates are not to embrace more than six hundred
and forty, nor less than forty acres each, and they
are to be equally apportioned, as nearly as prac-
ticable, among those entitled to an interest in the
reservation. No transfer or conveyance of any of
said certificates or scrip is to be valid. The Pres-
ident is to cause to be ascertained the number and
names of the half breeds or mixed bloods who are
entitled to participate in the benefits of the reser-
vation before the issue of the certificates provided
for; and he is also to have the lands within the
reserve surveyed and exposed to public sale at the
land offices for the districts m which they may he,
according to the boundaries of the several land
districts recently established by Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
WASHINGTON AND ALEXANDRIA RAILROAD.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Senate take
from the table the bill authorizing the extension
of the Alexandria and Washington railroad into
the District of Columbia, only for the purpose of
offering an amendment to it, and asking that it
may be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MASON submitted an amendment,which
was ordered to be printed, and the further con-
sideration of the bill was postponed until to-moi*-
row. k/
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC. *
Mr. WALKER. 1 move that the Senate take
up for consideration the bill commonly known as
the homestead bill.
Mr. WELLEEl. I believe the hour has ar-
rived which was specially assigned on Thursday
ast for the bill providing for the construc tion of
a line of telegraph from the Mississippi river to
the Pacific ocean. It was on Thursday postponed
until half past twelve to-day; and I now move
that the Senate proceed to its consideration.
Mr. WALKER. The homestead bill was made
the special order long before the bill to which the
Senator from California relers was introduced.
Mr. CLAY. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I will suggest that the home-
stead bill was made the special order for one
o'clock.
Mr. WELLER. It was not understood that
this would interfere with the homestead bill. The
Senator is consuming the time devoted for the con-
sideration of the bill to which I allude. We pro-
pose to devote until one o'clock to it.
Mr. WALKER. If that was the understand-
ing I withdraw ray motion.
Mr. Weli.er's motion was agreed to; and the
Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, resumed
the consideration of the bill authorizing the con-
struction of a line of telegraph from the Mis-
sissippi river to the Pacific ocean, the question
pending being upon the amendment reported by
the Committee on Territories in the nature of a
substitute, as it had been amended.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following addi-
tional section as an amendment to the bill:
St:c. S. tflnd be it further enadeJ, That if nnv operator
or opeiators, or any other parson or persons, engaged upon
said line of telegraph, s-hall divulge, oi in any manner make
public any communication, message, or dispatch, trims-
nutted to or by the Government, or should negligently and
wilt'ullv change or aliei any such communication, message,
or dispatch, he or they so offending shall be deemed guilty
oi a nnsdemeanoi, and on conviction thereof «-hall be pun-
ished by imprisonment fui a term not exceeding two years.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHASE. I move to amend the third sec-
tion by striking out the words;
—" by paying the same tolls or charges paid by individuals
for like services, and no more,"
—and inserting:
At such lates of compensation for messages transmitted
as Congress may, by Jaw, provide.
So that the proviso to the section will read:
That said fiee dispatches and communications shall not
exceed a monthly ajjgtogato of more than eight thousand
\void^,bnt ^till reserving to the Government the further
pnor UM-: to any extent within the capacity of said line,
at Mich rate*, of compensation lor messages transmuted as
Congre^b may bylaw provide.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to ascertain from
those who have the bill m charge, more particu-
larly from its friend**, within what distance they
call "near" the line? The bill proposes to grant
two millions of acres of the public lands to the
parties who are to construct this line. I have
looked over the report of the committee, and find
no specification of the cost or the length of the
line; therefore, there are no means, or at least I
have no means, of judging whether we are paying
for the whole construction of the line, for its par-
tial construction, or to what extent we are paying
for it in the giant we make. Thiowing all that
out, however, i find authority given to select the
alternate sections "along and near said line of
telegraph." 1 think there ought to be some limit
within which the parties should be confined m the
selection of the lands—some certain distance from
the line. The word " near" is too indefinite. The
sixth section provides:
"From and after the said completion, they shall have
the right to select trom any of the public lands along and
n«jar the edid line ol tele«raph, in the territories, not before
sold oi appropriated, any quantity not more than a section,
and in alternate sections."
I think it ought to be limited as to the distance
from the line.
1 Mr. HAMLIN. Say within ten miles.
| Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Fifteen miles. That
| will correspond with the railroad grants.
I Mr. HAMLIN. That is the distance which
you allow in the railroad grants,
i Mr. WELLER. In answer to the inquiry of
1 my friend from Delaware, I will say that in the
I report made last year, it was stated by the me-
I morialists that their estimate was, that the line
i would cost some $500 a mile. They estimated the
i whole cost of the work at a little over §1,25U,000.
[ The committee were of opinion that that estimate
! was entirely too low; the work would cost some
1 $2,000,000. Their estimate, however, was, I
; believe, only $1,250,000.
| Mr, BAYARD. What is the estimate per mile?
Mr. WELLER. Upwards of $500.
Mr. BAYARD. The grant of land which
the bill proposes to make is two millions of acres,
and if you give the parties the right of selection to
any of the lands, provided they select the alternate
sections and within fifteen miles of the line, they
certainly could get lands of the best character in
taking the whole distance. They are not to be
bound to select along all the parts; they may con-
centrate their selection in any space within fifteen
miles in alternate sections. They will, therefore,
I presume, of course get lands worth the minimum
price. The grant, therefore, as I understand it,
is equal to §2,500,000. To construct a line at
$500 a mile, supposing: it to be two thousand miles
long, would cost $1,000,000. i do not know that
these results will follow, but it seems to me we
are, as far as I can judge, paying for the entire
cost of construction.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator offer an amend-
ment ?
Mr. BAYARD. I do not know that I shall
offer any amendment. It is not material, for I
shall vote against the bill.
Mr. EVANS. I desire to make some state-
ments in relation to this matter, because I have
turned my attention to it; and as it has been the
habit of my life to deal very much in figures, I
have instituted an inquiry as to what this thing is
to cost. I understand that the project is to give
two million of acres of the public lands. Those
lands are to be taken in alternate sections; but
there is another provision in the bill that if the
lands are not surveyed within two years, the
favored parties who are to take this contract may
take them anywhere within the Territories. If
this privilege be allowed, then, as it is a matter
t>eyond all possibility of doubt that- the larger
portion of these lands will not be surveyed in
twenty years—and a very large portion of them
are not worth surveying at all—it follows of course
that two million of acres of lands are to be given
wherever the parties choose to select them; be-
cause much of this land will not be surveyed.
It cannot be surveyed m two years. The thing
ia impossible. It is impossible that the lands
oould be surveyed beyond the boundary of Kan-
sas and Nebraska into California. The first acre
is not surveyed now, either in California or Ore-
gon, or Washington or Kansas, or Nebraska.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. It does not extend to
California at all.
Mr. EVANS. It goes to San Francisco,
j Mr. JONES, of Iowa. They cannot take the
' land m any State.
Mr. EVANS. If that be so, they will take
either in Iowa 
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. They cannottakethem
| in Iowa, or in any other State.
Mr. EVANS. They can, then, take them in
j Minnesota, Kansas, or Nebraska. Then they will
i will be able to get land worth, at least, one dollar
an acre. If they do so, two millions of acres at one
dollar is §2,000,000; which we are to gtve. The
1 interest upon that, at six per cent., is #120,000
1 per annum. Then the bill proposes that the Gov-
ernment, a compensation, shall have the right
to send, monthly, eight thousand words. A com-
mon column of a newspaper which I have counted
, —I have not gone into this thing without designing
to arrive at a satisfactory conclusion—has one
hundred lines, at an average of eight words per
line. That would be eight hundred words to each
column. A common newspaper contains sixteen
columns; and the matter which the Government
is to have a right to transmit in a year will be
some ninety-six thousand words, which is not
' more than would be embraced m four or five num-
1 bers of a common paper. For ninety-six thou-
sand words in a year, you are to pay $120,000;
that is $1 27 for every word. Now, sir, is it
right, or is it fair, or is it just, to give $2,000,000
for so paltrya privilegeas this? I understood the '
1 Senator from Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] the other
: day, to say that this was somewhat in the same
ratio as was paid for transmitting ordinary tele-
graphic intelligence. I never had butone message
■ by telegraph, and that was about four lines, and
: I paid thirty-seven and a half cents for it.
' Mr. GWIN. Four words.
| Mr. EVANS. I do not know the price; I never
i had any dealing in it; but 1 had one letter, and I
' think that is what I paid for it. It was on a small
