1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
01
Had the gentleman from New York been an Aus-.
trian subject, he would, in all probability, have
disappeared with "the patch." He may thank
his stars he was not. 1 hope he may hereafter
reflect upon the quotation I have made—and that
at least one man m this Union dare assert—that
this Government "has trodden down no man's
liberty; has crushed no State." Can he say the
same of Austria? Let Poland and Hungary
answer.
How, Mr. Chairman, I have done with Abo-
lition. I have done with it now and forever. I
have nothing more to say upon the subject. Let
its bones be reinterred; and to the gentlemen
from New York and Ohio I assign the solemn
duties of doing it burial. During my official term
in the Thirty-Third Congress, I have given my
views, not upon the abstract principle; I have
only made a few commentaries upon what the
gentleman from New York has assumed to him-
self to utter.
Allow me to say a word or two, in reference to
this "pitiable " Administration. The gentleman
sa)/s: " Alas ! sir, what a pitiable spectacle does
our Administration present, in thus willfully cor-
rupting Christianity for the sake of saving so vile
and abominable a thing as slavery."
Now, sir, so far as regards this Administration,
I have a word, and a word only, to say. Let me
utter it coolly and in a kindly temperament as re-
gards my colleagues in this House, and the high
purposes upon which I am going to speak. As
an humble individual, representing, in part, a great
State, I have unbounded confidence in this Admin-
istration. I believe the Administration to have
been conducted upon principles that are entirely
Democratic. So far as relates to what has occurred
in the history of Franklin Pierce, there has been
no act that I am aware of, in his long legislative
career, which has drawn upon him the censure of
the country in the least particular.
I believe that frugality, and correct notions with
regard to the public expenditures, have been faith-
fully carried out during the time this Administra-
tion has been in power. "Pitiable" as the Ad-
ministration may be in the eyes of the gentleman
from New Yoik, nevertheless, it is the head of a
great people, and a great and mighty nation. I
believe that from no part of the country have there
come up complaints of wasteful expenditures upon
the part of that Administration. All its means
have been husbanded. AH the resources of the
country have been turned to good account. 1 be-
lieve, sir, that when history shall record the acts
of the Administration, it will look more to the
great and fundamental principles that have been
carried out by Franklin Pierce than to the men he
has appointed to office. It is not a question of
appointments, but of principles; and it is due to
the Administration that the great democratic
party of the country—with all its moral power
and energy—should give it a fair and candid tiial,
and a generous and unhesitating support. Judge
it by its measures; judge it by its principles. I
feel certain that the American people generally
indorse all those principles which have been ad-
vocated by the President from the time when he
stood upon the eastern portico of this Capitol,
talking to the upturned faces of thousands of his
fellow-citizens, to the moment when he sent his
annual message to this House. I believe that all
the principles advocated in both of those papers
meet with the hearty commendation of the country;
and that the country is ready to give Franklin
Pierce a generous support.
Sir, I do not pretend to speak for those gentle-
men who entettain different views upon this sub-
ject from those which I entertain. I do not stand
up here as a member of the Democratic party to
throw a fire-brand into the midst of that party.
I stand up only as an humble individual, speak-
ing my own mind, but claiming the right to speak
that mind freely and openly. .
If the Democratic party in this House and in
the Senate will give the Administration a fair op-
portunity to carry out the measures embodied m
the two State papers to which I have referied,
those measures will, I believe, not only meet with
their approbation, but with the approbation of the
country. I believe that the President is surrounded
by able, correct, and pure men. I have no doubt
of it.
As an evidence of that, it is only necessary to
refer to the fact that but a few days since, the
Secretary of the Navy sent his annual report to
Congress, recommending that an appropriation of
five million dollars should be made to increase and
strengthen the Navy, by the addition of six steam
frigates of the first class, and that in less than a
week after that report came in here, a bill was
reported by the Naval Committee to carry out
the recommendations of the Secretary in that re-
gard. Ay, sir, and 1 for one am willing to avow
here that I would vote for the building of twelve
additional steam frigates, at a cost of ten millions
of dollars, instead of five millions, in order to
strengthen the naval marine of this nation.
In that very report of the Secretary of the Navy,
we are told that the United States stands as a fifth-
rate naval power, compared with the first States of
Europe. Could my vote do it, I would make it
the first. Our Navy should be our right arm of
power. Upon the land no combination of power
from abroad can reach or disturb us. I believe
the great battle of civil and religious liberty is to
be fought upon the seas. Let us prepare for the
issue. The free principles which flow from this
land to all points of the civilized world, while
they carry balm and healing to those who are
striving to imitate our example, also create envy
and hatred towards us. It is to be the flag of the
Union on the one side, and, possibly, united
Europe on the other. Liberty to man shall be
the issue, and the great ocean the battle-field.
I do, sir, rejoice at this recommendation of the
Secretary of the Navy. He has come up fully to
the expectation of the country. He has antici-
pated the age of progress. But, sir, I am digress-
ing. I intended to speak of the recommendations
of the whole Cabinet—to single out no one. I
believe that all of them will be indorsed by the
Democratic party in this House. So far as re-
gards my own position here, I stand by the Dem-
ocratic party and the Administration of Franklin
Pierce, and I am willing to extend the hand of
fellowship to all who come within the pale of that
party. I make no distinctions.
When I speak of the Administration,I include
the men who surround it; who are its advisers.
Our flag has not been dishonored; our fame has
not been tarnished; our country has advanced.
Let the Administration have all the credit for it.
To err is human; because there is a spot upon the
sun, would you destroy the luminary of day and
have a long night of darknessWould this be
wisdom ? Difficulties will always arise in the dis-
pensation of power; it ever has been so, and ever
will be. Past experience has taught us this, "and
we can judge of the future but by the past." I
have yet to hear the first murmur of complaint, by
the Democracy of the country, as to a single
national principle uttered by Franklin Pierce,
which belied his and our creed. I stand here to-
day, not as his eulogist, but to do him even-
handed justice.
There is another duty incumbent upon us. We
came into power with a large majority, and we
now have the responsibility of the Government
upon our shoulders. It is our duty, having as-
sumed that important trust, to stand together as a
band of brothers, and to permit no dissensions
that will lead to our defeat and disorganization. ]
By the record let us try the Administration, and,
I think, m that we shall find no error.
Mr. Chairman, having but a moment left of the
hour allowed me in committee, I heg to direct the
i attention of members to the bill from the Senate
in regard to the appointment of the Assistant
Seci etary of the Treasury. I have time to say
but little upon the subject. The position was
taken in this House lately, that the office of the
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury was among
those high offices enumerated in the Constitution,
and he must necessarily be appointed by the
President of the United States, subject to be con-
firmed by the Senate. The following are the
words of the Constitution having a bearing on
the case:
" And he (the President) shall nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, s-liull appoint
embassadors, oth^r public ministers, and consuls, judges of
the Supreme Comt, and all other officers of the United
States whose appointment? aie not heiein othenvise pro-
i vided for, and winch j-hall he established by law ; but the
' Consjieps may, by law, ve«t the appointment of stich m-
| ferior officers a* they think proper, m the Piesident alone,
in the courts of law, or in the heads of Departments."
Under this clause the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Bayly,] and the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Disney] contend that the office of Assistant Secre-
tary must necessarily be made by the President. ' I
cannot agree with these gentlemen in this construc-
tion. In this way they would make two superior
officers at the same desk. Two captains in the
place of one captain and a lieutenant. The Consti-
tution names the officers which are superior, and
leaves the inferiors to be appointed by the provi-
sions of law. Neither of these learned gentlemen
can pretend that the clerk of the Supreme Court
must necessarily be an Executive appointment.
The assistant secretary can do no act of himself,
no more than the clerk of the court. His acts are
all defined by law, and he is literally, though
having the name of an assistant,but the chief clerk
of the Secretary.
I refer the committee to the report of Hon. R.
J. Walker, then the Secretary of the Treasury,
who recommended the appointment of this officer.
The report is in my hand. I read from it. It was
made to this House on the 11th of December,
1848, and the law was subsequently enacted:
" Having transferred the laborious duties enumerated
from the Secretary of The Treasury, Congress should au-
thorize hnn to appoint an assistant secretary, who should
be a man of great talent and experience, with a salary not
less than $3,000 a year, who should examine a!! letters,
contracts, and warrants prepared for the signature of the
Secretary, and perforin such other duties not requiring the
signature of the Secretary as might conveniently be de-
volved upon him by the Department. To maintain the
unity and efficiency of the system, he should be
appointed by the Secretary, and subjectto his dic-
tation."
On the 3d of March, 1849, the office was created
by Congress, and the duties defined, in the very
words of Mr. Walker, in the law.
It was unity that Mr. Walker recommended
in his report, and that the Assistant Secretary of
the Treasury ought to be appointed by the Secre-
tary, and subject to his removal. He said it was
necessary that there should be between the supe-
rior and inferior such terms and understanding
as the important trust confided to them might re-
quire; and when Congress legislated on the sub-
ject, it incorporated in the law the very words of
the recommendation of Mr. Walker.
And this officer is now classed by gentlemen on
the footing of embassadors, judges, and other
high functionaries of the Government, whose du-
ties are all ministerial, and who have the power to
do no act not subject to revision and sanction by
their superior. And it is claimed that thePresident
alone can constitutionally appoint him. Con-
gress, at its last session, created the office of
Assistant Postmaster General, and I crave atten-
tion to the words used in that law. I do not pre-
tend but that Congress has the power to transfer
these appointments from the Secretary to the
President.
But at the last Congress the two Houses,by a
law, provided for the appointment of an Assistant
Postmaster General. They use, in that law, the
word " hereafter;" that is, that when any vacancy
shall occur hereafter, the appointment shall be
made by the President, subject to confirmation by
1 the Senate. Now, I say with regard to this bill
sent to us from the Senate, this Congress ought to
apply to it the same rule that was applied by the
last Congress, in the appointment of the Assistant
Postmaster General, and that the appointment, if
it is to be made in the manner that the bill con-
templates, should be made to take effect hereafter;
for however gentlemen may regard and view it, it
might be construed as a vote of censure upon a
very high, able, and important officer of the Uni-
ted States—I mean Mr. Peter G. Washington,-
who, 1 am told, is a man as well qualified to dis-
charge the duties of his position as any man under
the Government.
Therefore, if the House is disposed to pass the
Senate bill, changing the character of the appoint-
ment, let it be put upon the same basis precisely,
that the last Congress adopted in regard to the
appointment of the Assistant Postmaster Gene-
ral; and let its effect be prospective, and not retro-
spective. c
There are gentlemen here who diner from me,
and among them the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations, [Mr. Bayly.] I am willing
always to give full weight to views coming from
so eminent a quarter, but, at the same time I do
not see why the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Bayly! should not agree to the position that the
same rule should be applied m regard to the Assist-
ant Secretary of the Treasury as was applied Liy
