THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. PJVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 1, 1854.
New Series....No. 51r 
tion, and then wit! he time enough to discuss it,
as to whether we shall assent to their rejection,
or insist on the amendment. I submit, therefore,
■we hazard nothing to the appropriation bill by the
insertion of these amendments, which are not
only proper and appropriate, but are of the veiy
character of a deficiency. The situation of the
custom-houses require that they should be in-
serted.
Mr. GEYER. Objection is made to the ap-
propriations proposed by the amendments for
these eusrom-hou.ses, on the ground that they ore
not proper to be inserted in a deficiency bill. Ap-
propriations have heretofore been made for ttie
construction of these buildings. It is desirable
that they should be fire-proof. The present Sec-
retary of the Treasury is desirous that the public
edifices erected in his Department, and under his
administration, shall be such as will be at least
creditable to the Government, and secure to the
archives that may be deposited in them. He de-
sires to erect fire-proof buildings; but by the law,
which is construed to exclude the conclusion of
contracts extending beyond an appropriation, the
contracts cannot be made until he can he satisfied
that the amount of money necessary to the in-
struction of the building will be appropriated.
Proposals have been made, I believe, for these
custom-houses, to complete them for the sums
which are proposed by the amendment to be ap-
propriated, and to make them fire-proof. The Sec-
retary of the Treasu' y recommends an appropria-
tion to be made now, m order to complete the
contracts, and that the work may proceed. There
is, with respect to one of them now, an appropri-
ation large enough to pay for ail the work that
can be done before an appropriation will be made,
if Congress makes any this year, in the general
appropriation bill. But it becomes necessary
before tiie contracts can be made for the descrip-
tion of the work necessary for the buildings,
that an appropriation should be made at an early
day. Kence it is necessary that it should be
made in the deficiency bill, or in a separate bill,
in advance of the general appropriation bills.
it will be remembered that these buildings, the
western custom-houses, as they are called, are ap-
propriated to purposes other than that of a cus-
tom-house. In the city iti which I reside, the
public archives, transfers from the Spanish to
the American Government, upon which titles to
land depend, the records of the surveyors of them,
the post office, now very large, are to be accom-
modated m this building. Sir, the whole amount
proposed to be appropriated by the amendments,
is nothing that can compare with the suffering that
would ensue in consequence of the loss of the ar-
chives upon which the title to a large amount of
land in my State depends. The appropriations
which the Secretary of the Treasury recommends
for that custom-house is extremely necessary.
The season for making the contract for the con-
struction of these woiks is now passing by. We
do not know whether the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, of putting
the appropriations into the general appropriation
bill, will be available to us. Certainly it would
oostoone the buildings in the West one year, or
the contracts must be concluded for constructing
them very differently from the manner in which
the Secretary of the Treasury desires to have
tiietn constructed—such a one as will render them
a safe place for the deposit of the public archives.
There is, then, occasion for an early appropria-
tion. You might as well have asked us to wait
for other appropriations which ate contained in
this lull, aa to ask that the contracts for the con-
struction of these custom-houses should be post-
poned until the general appropriation bill comes
up. The whole amount proposed to be appropri-
ated for all these custom-houses exceeds very lit-
tle the amount which was appropriated yesterday
as a partial appropriation for the construction of
water-works in this city, in which it is proposed
to expend #2,300,000 to render the public prop-
erty, which is not fire-proof, secure. T hat you
voted for; but when a small appropriation to make
51
public buildings in other places fire-proof in t
first place, is asked for, we are told that we must
wait until the general appropriation bill comes in.
Mr. President, if we intend to erect these build-
ings in such a manneras not to have what is con-
tained in them exposed to perpetual losses, no wis
the time to make the appropriation. If we wteit
until the general appropriation bill eomee before
us, the proper time for making the contracts
will have passed. For myself, 1 should have
prefen ed to wait for the bill for this purpose com-
ing from the House of Representatives; but I per-
ceive that the time is passing away most rapidly,
and that the session is likely to be almost at an
end before we can get the appropriation bill
through. I shall, therefore, vote for the amend-
ment which is now pending-.
Mr. BAYARD. I will read from the commu-
nication made by the Secretary of the Interior to
the Committee of Ways and Means of the House,
to show the necessity of making the appropria-
tions. I will read it to show that contracts have ;
been made for all or nearly all of these custom
houses, to be constructed according to theoriginal ;
design, and that they are made contingent on the !
action of Congress. I will read the statement as j
to the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama. The j
Secretary says : j
" Bids were solicited for its erection by an advertisement :
of October .Ju, lc?5'2, for bixtj days ; tfie lowest of which, for 1
a <-tor e extpnor, exceeded the amount appropriated *, and to
effect its erection /or that bum, the exteiior of the building i
would have to be cut down to a buck and mastic covering, i
and some parts not made fire-proof], as m the St. Louis cuts- ,
tom-hoii-sp. ;
The Department considered that true economy required !
that a fuither apptopriation of $65,000, tocairy out the
original design, should be made, and consequently made
the estimate therefor, feeling assured that when the facts
were brought to the attention of Congress Us necessity
would be seen, and the appropriation made
Again, as to Louisville, Kentucky, there is a
similar statement. SoinregardtoCmcinnati,Ohio. '
They all go to show that the contracts have been
made contingently, and that they are in such mode
as will not be carried out, unless a further appro-
priation is made to carry them oat according to the
original design. All these facts which 1 have men- j
I tioned are sustained by the communication which j
is numbered "Miscellaneous, No. 5," House of !
Representatives communications of the Secretary 1
of the Treasury to the Committee of Ways and !
Means in the House. It is necessary that these j
buildings should be lire-proof. The records which J
are preserved there are extremely valuable; and ■
the Department judges wisely, in my opinion, in
recommending that the necessary appropriations ,
should he made to make them fire-proof. j,
! Mr. BELL. 1 shall detain the Senate but a min- ji
' ute or two. I am not directly interested in the
I subject of these amendments; but 1 wish to make ;!
a remark or two on a principle which 1 think is j
not sound, and which should not be acted upon by .
the Senate, which has been advanced m opposition j
to the amendment. 1
Here are cases presented in which it is shown I
, that the public interest will suffer if the works are
i not continued, and the appropriations made. The j
i facts are not disputed, that the completion of them ;
, will be delayed for twelve months unless the i
i appropriations are passed now—unless we avail j
i ourselves of the opportunity presented by the j
' deficiency bill, a bill of general interest, a bill so j
, important that it may be necessary for the unem- ]
' barrassed operation of the Governmentthatit snail j
i pass This is just, such a case as appears to me ;
! which this body, if a majority of them concur m <
i the propriety and importance of constructing these ,
I works at all—and that is a question which is now {
! passed, decided, if I understand it, for they have ;
; been undei taken—it is just such a case which either
' House of Congress may avail itself of the oppor- 1
! tunity of bringing to a test again and again, if ;
I need be, for such an appropriation as this.
I Some of these buildings are in a condition to be
! deteriorated. Not only is the question presented
whether you will have buildings that are suitable
for permanent public buildings, erected either m
I the Eastor the West, but whether you wili follow
up the appropriations which you have heretofore
made, and prevent an actual loss, which Wili
result by delaying the appropriation ? I say, it is
not a sound principle for our legislation in this
body, to say that perchance the House of Repre-
sentatives would not concur in it. I know it-has
been said that the House of Representatives have
already rejected such appropriations ss these; but
it has been well replied, as 1 understood it, that
these appropriations were connected with other
and different objects, and that it is impossible to
perceive upon wlmtdistinct ground connected with
these appiopriations the House could have actfd;
because the proposition was not in the House
when they came to the final vote whether they
would construct the custom-house at St. Louis, or
Louisville, or Wilmington, for that question had
already been decided; and I therefore take it for
granted that there was some other motive which
induced the action of the House. I have not read
the debate in such a manner as to state what it is;
but i take it for granted, in deference to the wis-
dom and the discretion of the House of Repre-
sentatives, that there was some other motive which
caused them to vote down the first deficiency bill,
to strike out this proposition, or to reject the bill
if it was not stricken out.
But, again, this bill does not necessarily fail if
you agree to this proposition. The honorable
Senator from Virginia knows very well the ma-
chinery by which this question may Vie settled and
the bill not yet lost. This proposition will go
down to the House, to be acted upon by them. I
do not mean to go into the consideration of the
question whether it is likely or not that the House
would reject the bill because these appropriations
should be made, if inserted by the Senate. I say
it is an unsound principle to act upon; and 1 do
not know but that it would be a much wiser and
sounder policy, if a majority either in the Senate
or in the House of Representatives are in favor of
a public work or a public improvement of any de-
scription, or specific legislation upon any subject,
to avail themselves of a bill in the nature of a
deficiency bill—a bill the passage of which is
necessary for the unembarrassed principles of the
Government itself—in order to enforce by such
considerations as they believed would be opera-
tive, a policy which they thought wise and just
of'the country.
How, sir, 1 would make no such proposition.
I would move no such amendment to the defi-
ciency bill which is now before us as 1 am about
to suggest; but I lay down this principle in regard
to every public work which has been commenced,
not only custom-houses, or mints, or post offices,
or court-houses, but every other public work
which has the sanction of both branches of Con-
gress, if they had the opportunity to act upon
them unembarrassed by rules, and those means of
delay and defeat which it is always in the power
of the minority in either House of Congress to
adopt, 1 do not see but that it would be a much
sounder principle of legislation, instead of relying
anon that presented by the Senator from Virgifiia,
for either House to avail itself of the deficiency
bill to carry out whatever public works have been
commenced under the sanction, not only of the
majority of the two Houses of Congress, but of a
larke majority of the people of the United States;
anil to use this as a mode of enforcing their com-
pleJion. .. t . .x. . .
Sir, there are other puhhe worlfs whi6h are just
in the condition of these boiWings, that have been
 n progress during the last year, and are unfin-
i'shed. In consequence of the session being pro-
tracted to a late period in the fall, unless an ap-
propriation is made now, not only will they stop,
but there will be a laige amount of loss ot the
expenditures which have heretofore been made for
them. I allude to the extensive measures in prep-
aration for clearing out the western rivers, or for
the improvement of harbors on the lakes. A large
amount of money has been invested in snag-boats
and other machinery, which cannot be employed
during the whole of this yeanfor, by thetime we
get a general appropriation bill througli m oep-
