802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
tember, or, as some gentlemen suggest, in October,
there will be nothing done, and ail that has been
heretofore done by the machinery will be useless.
The works wilt be half completed, and will conse-
quently go to decay; or they wilt be destroyed by
storms and freshets, because they are not com-
pleted. They will be damaged or injured, and
they will have to pass through the same ordeal for
another season, and be again exposed to storms,
and freshets,and ice, before they can be completed.
I say 1 threw out the suggestion that, unless some
such plan is adopted, the system, which 1 believe
has theeupportof the majority, both of the Senate
and House of Representatives, and meets with the
favor and concurrence of the country generally,
will, on account of the protracted session of Con-
gress every other year, have to be stopped. This
will be the case unless some mode is devised or
invented by which it can be kept regularly in prog-
ress from year to year. I do not propose to make
any amendment to this bill to accomplish that
object; but I say that the objection which is made
to this amendment, that perchance the House of
Representatives will delay the passage of the bill—
they cannot defeat it, because the question will
still be within the control of the Senate—is an un-
sound principle of legislation in either House of
Congress; and instead of acquiescingin it, as sug-
gested now, I should be in favor of the free atid
independent action of both branches of Congress to
make an appropriation whenever there was a public
work which demanded an early appropriation. 1
would not limit it to custom-houses or court-houses.
1 would limit it to subjects which were likely to
suffer damage and injuty by the delay. But I
would do it on another account. If I supposed
there were influences and principles in the admin-
istration of the Government—1 do not say that
there are now; I do not distinctly understand what
their principles are which were attempting to
thwart the operation of the system of improve-
ments, I would, m that case, avail myself of u bill
of this desciiplion for bringing them to the test of
the sentiments and judgment, of the approval or
disapproval of Congi ess, though it might embarrass
the Government. Now, sir, I would have been
perfectly willing that, this bill should have gone
along without any amendment at all. But other
amendments have been made to it, which I con-
sider less acceptable to me than this one. They
have already been attached to the bill, therefoie I
feel myself perfectly at liberty to vote for this ap-
propriation.
Mr. WELLER. t have a remark to make to
my fnend tiom Virginia; and hefoie I make that
remark, 1 desire to sav something in regaid to the
custom-house at San Francisco
Ah a matter of course, (here cannot he any
auestion ns to the piopnely of appropriations for
the custom-houses. The only difference of opin-
ion seems to be us to what, place the appropria-
tions should be made—whether in the deficiency
bill, or m some other general appropriation bill.
Yesterday, I did not vote for the amendment pro-
posed by my friend from Maryland, to make an
appropriation of £500,000 to bring water into this
city, simply tor the reason that I never desire to
place myself in a false position. I was in favor
of the appropriation, but f was opposed to putting
it upon the deficiency bill; but my fnend from
Virginia, who has sought to exclude almost every-
thing from this bill for fear of a difficulty in the
House, voted for that amendment. Now, the
only question is, whether these appropriations
that are asked for are not in themselves proper?
We have to act upon our responsibility, irrespec-
tive of what may the action of the other branch
of Congress. I eay, theiefore, that I shali vote
to-day for the proposition which has been sub-
mitted by the Senator from Maine, as well as for
that submitted by the Senator from Kentucky. I
wilt vote for them, because 1 consider them neces-
sary
Look, if you please, at the custom-house at San
Francisco. A bare statement of the facts there
will show that ouraction is doing nothing to estab-
lish a reputation for economy. The Government
ia paying $133,000 per annum for rent. No one
ever estimated the cost of a custom-house at over
$500,000. The annual rent which you are now
paying in San Francisco is twenty-three percent,
upon a half million of dollars. While you have
a large surplus in your Treasury, and your Sec-
retary of the Treasury is going into the market
and buying up your own bonds, which only draw
six per cent, per annum, and fail due sometime m
1H60—while he is buying them up at a premium
of eighteen or twenty, you are paying twenty-
three per cent, per annum to citizens of California
for the use of public buildings! Everybody knows
m San Francisco that youGarinot rent a fire-proof
building for less than three per cent, per month
on the cost. The owner, before he will rent the
building, will make you pay three per cent, in
advance upon what that building cost.
The Government of the United States now, while
it buying up its bonds, which only draws six
per cent, interest, is paying to a few individuals
m San Francisco three per cent, per month upon
their money. The bare statement of that shows
that, as a question of economy, and a question of
i economy alone, we ought to make the appropria-
tion. The sooner you get rid of that the better. I
! ought notperhapstocomplam. IftheGovernment
i is disposed to pay three per cent, per month to the
people of San Francisco for the money they have
expended in brick buildings let it go on; but, as a
public man, whose duty it is to look to the interest
of the whole country, I have felt it my duty to
make this statement, in order to just show the
financial skill with which the legislative branch of
this Government is now managing its public
affairs. Your Secretary acts wisely m buying up
the bonds even at the premium which he is com-
pelled to pay, but I think that the legislative
branch of the Government who have charge of
the public money ought not to be willing to keep
a huge surplus in the Treasury and pay twenty-
three per cent, per annum upon the public works
in California.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to allude to one
proposition which is disconnected with the
amendment to the amendment. Thereisauthority
given there to the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase buildings, i am opposed to that. There
may be some reason for it, and it was to that 1
alluded, when 1 desired to consult with the Sec-
retaiy of the Tieasury. There may be some
reason why that course should be adopted. The
Government has already expended, in San Fran-
cisco, $90,000 for a lot. it has got all the mate-
rials theie for the custom-house. After it got
them, it was ascertained that probably the title
was in the State government. That question is
now pending. The controversy between the
State and Federal Government, as to the title to
that lot, is a matter for judicial decision. I have
nothing to say upon that question. But you have
all the materials there for the custom-house, and
I prefer that you should make a direct appropri-
ation , authorizing the purchase of a site, and then
use the material which you own in its construc-
tion immediately. But if the Government thinks
proper to pay twenty-three per cent, per annum
to the people of California for a public building,
they can go on. I shall make no objection. I
have my own views in regard to the proper course
which we should pursue in regatd to that custom-
house, but I shall not obtrude them upon the
Senate now.
I am as anxious as my friend from Virginia
that we should get through with the bill. So far
as the action of the House of Representatives
will be affected by putting this amendment on it, I
have nothing to say; 1 have to act upon my own
responsibility. I do not believe, however, that it
would injure the bill half as much as the amend-
ment which was made yesterday; I know that it
was the custom-house question that probably con-
tributed largely to defeat thefirst hill in the House
of Representatives; but the defeat was brought
about, not because of opposition to the appropria-
tions; not because they do not regard the works as
essential to the public interest, but because they
| considered that it was an improper place to make
' them. Therefore, the same objection would apply
! to the amendment which was made yesterday. I
| would not vote for that amendment then, because
' 1 thought that was not the proper place to make
; it. The Senate decided otherwise. That will
| embai rass this question quite as much in the House
1 of Representatives as the appropriation for the
! works that nobody pretends are notabsolutely in-
1 dispensable.
Mr. HUNTER. I will ask the Senator from
California if he will vote against this amendment,
if the amendment for the introduction of the water
into this city should be rejected ?
Mr. WELLER. "Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof." Whenever that question arises,
i will give my friend from Virginia a very serious
and proper answer. If that amendment is stricken
out, I shall then be ready to vote in such a way as
seems to me proper upon this.
Mr. HUNTER. My question has a practical
bearing, J believe myself that the water appro-
priation was a proper one—a proper one in this
bill. He does not. I do not believe that these
appropriations are proper in this bill, because the
sense of the House has been tested upon them. I
certainly would give up one to get rid of the other;
but if gentlemen mean to insist upon this, I shall
be disposed to hold on to the water appropri-
ation.
But what is there in this objection ? This amend-
ment is either right or wrong. Whether it is right
or wrong does not depend upon the fact that the
amendment in regard to the water appropriations
was made. Those who think it was right ought
to vote for it, whether the other amendment be in
the bill or not; and those who think it wrong ought
to vote against it, whether that amendment be there
or not. My vote is not a question to be consid-
ered by others. That is a matter of my own. I
vote according to my own conscience m relation
to this matter; and it con be a reason neither for
nor against the Senator from California in relation
to his vote. But the purpose for which I rose was
to get a vote, if possible, and to ask for the yeas'
andAays upon the amendment.
Oh motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 30, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journalof yesterday was read andapproved.
Mr. HAVEN. If it is m order, 1 move that
the rules of the House be suspended, and that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CULLOM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The Hon. Nathaniel G. Taylor, member
elect to succeed the Hon. Brookins Campbell, de-
ceased, from the State of Tennessee, is nowhere,
and desires to be qualified.
Mr. Taylor then appeared and was qualified
by taking the usual oath to support the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which was administered
to him by the Speaker.
Mr EDMANDS. I ask permission oftheHouse
to make certain reports from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, that they may be referred. I
am about to leave the city, and I would be pleased
to have the indulgence of the House to make these
reports at this time, and have them referred.
[Cries of*4 I object!" *' I object!"]
Mr. MACDONALD. I am desirous to make
reports from the Naval Committee, and would be
glad to have the same indulgence granted me,and
1 therefore object.
Mr. BENNETT. I rise to a motion ofapriv-
ileged character. I desire to make a statement of
a personal character; to do which, I hope to have
the consent of the House. I propose to call the
attention of the House, and of my colleague, [Mr.
Taylor,] to the subject.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The gentle-
man from New York cannot proceed in his re-
marks, unless by the unanimous consent of the
House. Is it the pleasure of the House that the
gentleman from New York may proceed ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from New York. It is,
that if his explanation is likely to consume much
time, it should be deferred for the present. There
are gentlemen here who, I understand, really wish
to discuss the bill that has been before the com-
mittee, on its merits; and it is right that they
should ha\e an opportunity of doing so now.
This matter may be postponed for a time.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
New York rise to a question of privilege, or to a
privileged question ?
Mr. BENNETT. I regard it so.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state his
purpose, and the Chair will decide whether it is a
privileged question or not.
Mr. BENNETT. I perceive by the Washing-
