1660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
piece of letter paper, and I think contained two,
or three, or four lines. I do not know what is the
ordinary price of telegraphing, bat I do know that
it is exorbitant that the Government should pay
$1 27 lor every word it sends.
But, sir, there ks another circumstance to which
I wish to draw attention. For whose benefit is
this ? Here, also, it is necessary to look some-
what into facts and figures. We already pay for
the transportation of the mails to California
$621,100. The land transportation, which we also
pay for, after the mails arrive in California, is
§130,368. That makes $751,558. If you deduct
from that all the postage which is received in the
whole State of California, which is only $58,345,
you pay over and above that already for the trans-
portation of the mails in California $693,213 out
of the public Treasury. Then it is asked that
you should add §120,000 of interest upon $2,000,000
to that. I leave out the Shanghai mail entirely;
and if you do that, it wili be$813,213. That will
be at the rate of $2 71 per head for every man,
woman, anil child in California, estimating thein
at three hundred thousand.
Mr. VV ULLER. There are letters and papers
coming from California.
Mr. EVANS. That makes no difference. If
the people who live in California were not there,
they would still carry on their correspondence;
but admitting that they write as many letters as
they receive, and that the postage collected on let-
ters and papers which come from California, is as
great as that which is collected in California, what
is the result? It only makes a difference of
$58,000.
1 have more of these statistical facts. It seems
to me, much as 1 respect the Senators from Cali-
fornia, and much as 1 am willing and disposed to
do everything for the youngest sister of tilts
Union, that we are asked to do a most unreason-
able act", to pay $120,000 in addition to what we
already pay, in order to facilitate the communica-
tion between the two countries. If there was
war, if there was any necessity for the Govern-
ment to communicate, then theie might be some
reason for it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has made an esti-
mate of what we pay for carrying the mails in
California. Is he not aware that that law was'
passed i'efoie California came into the Union as a
State? The law whichjthe gentleman charges to
California was put on the statute-book to provide
for currying the mails to California and Oregon
before California was admitted into the Union.
Mr. EVANS. It may be so, because it was
some two or three yeais after California became a
part of the Government, before she was admitted
into theUmon, and it is likely the law was passed
before that tune. But that does not make any
difference; it was still for the benefit of California.
Now, yir, although I am willing, as I have said,
to do everything for California that is reasonable,
it seems to me that this is asking too much; or, m
the language of Dr. Franklin, that we are " paying
too much for the whistle."
iVlr. HAMLIN. I desire to say a very few
words in reply to the figures which the Senator
from South Carolina has presented. In the fust
place, 1 desire to say, that the cost of a telegraphic
line, constructed with double wiies, from the val-
ley iif ihe Mississippi to San Francisco, according
to the estimates, which aie undoubtedly below
wlwii it would finally cost, would be £2,500,000. ■
A few wonts in relation to the value of the lands. !
They are to be taken from the Territories through
which the line runs; they are not to be taken
from the States. Two years is the time within
which they are to complete the line. There are
two additional years, then, in which the location
must be made. There will, therefore, be four >
years to make the surveys in the Territories.
Assuming that your public lands are worth just i
what the Government fixed upon them, as illus- 'I
trated by its laws, to wit; $100 for one hundred J
and sixty acres—that was precisely the commuta- !!
tion which voii allowed your Mexican soldiers,
one hundred and sixty acres of land or $100 in ;
money—or taking the estimate at their present j
value m the Territories, $1 25 per acre, which is :
the price you pay now; then take these lands I
that lie along through the Territories which can-i
not be brought into the market for at least ten ;
years, but which can be surveyed within the four,
and you reduce the value of these lands, by either i
process, more than one half what they would be
worth if they could be converted into ready money
at $1 25 per acre. That is an entire answer to so
much of the remarks of my friend from South
Carolina as shows that the amount the Govern-
ment would pay would exceed one dollar per
word.
What are the rates to be fixed ? There are none
fixed by the bill. It provides that it shall not ex-
ceed a dollar. 1 stated the other day, that, if you
estimate the cost of the work, the expense of
keeping the line through a new country in repair,
and the expense of working it, undoubtedly the
rate of one dollar a word from California would
about correspond to the rates of telegraphing
which we have on the Atlantic. That is true. I
paid for a telegraphic dispatch from my place of
residence here, which is seven hundred and twenty-
one miles, $1 20. Estimating the distance of this
line to be two thousand miles, that, multiplied by
three, will be between four and five dollars; while
the cost of a line under ground will exceed one
here along the road more than three to one. So,
I repeat again, the cost of communication at these
rates, taking into view the cost of the line and the
working ol it, will be about the same. That,
however, is a matter which the commerce of the
country will settle. It will be for the interests of
those persons to telegraph at the lowest possible
rate, and they will do it. An amendment was
offered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase,]
giving to Congress the power to regulate the rates
on messages transmitted for the Government.
Whatever may be the rates which will pay best,
those will be the lowest, and they will be the rates
which they will adopt. There are no rates fixed
by the bill. I think we owe it in justice to Cal-
ifornia and to ourselves, to our own people as
well as to theirs, that we should have this line
constructed, when our public lands are going,
they had better go for a valuable consideration to
the Government. For that reason 1 shall vote for
this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I agree with the honorable
Senator from Maine, that when your public lands
are going, they had better go for a valuable con-
sideration to the Government. My difficulty
about the bill is not that it may not be proper to
construct such a work as it contemplates, but if
you are to do it, it seems to me it ought to be done
by the Government itself. 1 make no distinction
between the employment of moneys in the Treas-
ury, and of the lands belonging to the Govern-
ment, for a work necessary for the purposes of
the Government. If theGovernmentoftheUmted
States, for its own purposes, requires a line of
telegraph to California, make it; appropriate the
money out of the Treasury and make it; ur con-
tract for its construction for the use of the Gov-
ernment, by a grant of public lands, if you find
that a more profitable mode of doing it; but I am
opposed to giving the control of a work of this
kind into the hands of individuals, orof a corpora-
tion either. In this case it appears that individ-
uals are to have it, though, of course, it must pass
into the hands of a corporation—1 presume it will
have to do so—or into the hands of an associated
company, before the road can be constructed.
The cost of the work, according to the estimate
given, of $500 a mile, supposing it to be two
thousand miles long, would amount to $2,000,000.
Mr. HAMLIN. The estimate which the Sen-
ate v from California [Mr. Weller] gave, was
upon a line composed of one wire. This bill re-
quires two wires, and the estimate is SLOOOa
mile.
Mr. BAYARD. ] should suppose that to make
a double line would hardly require a cost double
that of a single line.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot conceive that possi-
ble. If a smgle line can be constructed at a cost
of $500 a mile, 1 do not think a double line would
cost more than $750; but concede that it will cost
$1,000, that,, at two thousand miles in length, would
make $2,000,000for the costof the line. I would
rather pay the money out of the Treasury, or
make a grant for the construction of a line for the
Government, and let it keep it in repair for its own
purpose, suffering the community to use it to such
an extent, and under such regulations as Congress
m'ght prescribe, than place such a power as this
in the hands of individuals, knowing, as I do, that
the telegraphs in this country, even broken and
disconnected as they are, have been, and always
j will le, used for purposes of speculation. When-
i ever there is an arrival from Europe, bringing im-
! portant information, that information gets into the
; hands of speculators before it is given to the corn-
; mumty; aud with a distance so great as this line,
j and with a communication so rapid, and bringing
important news fiom California and China, you
will find, if it is committed to the hands of indi-
viduals, that speculation will be carried to a great
extent, and will not be subject to our control; for
this bill does not contain a word for the purpose
of controlling any operation of that kind. I
should object, therefore, to the whole form of the
bill in that aspect.
I by no means intend, hgwever, to say that it
is not necessary that the Government, for its own
purposes, should construct such a line, (either by
! an appropriation of money out of the Treasury,
[ or by a grant of public lands to the persons who
would undertake to construct it,) to be the prop-
erty of the Government when constructed, and to
be under the control of the Government. That
would present the proposition to my mind in a
very different aspect; and with my present im-
pressions, believing that such a communication
would be all-important to the Government, con-
sidering the remoteness of our Pacific possessions,
1 am rather inclined to think I should vote for a
bill of that character; but I will not vote to put
the exclusive power and control of such a line in
the hands of individuals. I will vote for no bill
which confers such extraordinary powers; and
moreespecially, when, as far as I can see, from any
report of a committee, founded on any reliable
estimates, we are literally paying these parties m
land the full amount they will expend for the
purpose of constructing the line. I admit, how-
ever, that there is great uncertainty as to exactly
what sum they will get out of these lands; but
according to the statement of the honorable
Senator from South Carolina—and it certainly is
true—if the lands along the route of this line are
not surveyed at the time the parties have a right
to select, which is after the lapse of two years,
when they say they will be able to complete it,
(the probability is that few or none of them will
then be surveyed,) they have the right to select
the lands granted to them in any territory of the
United States, with one solitary exception, that
they shall not take mineral lands.
During the present Congress you have' passed
a railroad bill, by which you have granted land
along the line of a railroad through the Territory
of Minnesota, andyou havedone thaton thebasis
that you were not giving away the lands, but
you reserved every alternate section, and doubled
its price. Under this operation, however, all the
reserved alternate sections lying upon the Minne-
sota railroad, although they are held at double
prices, may be taken by these parties in their se-
lection, if the lands where this telegraphic line
goes are not surveyed within that time. This is
left open to them. I do not thinkitcan be denied.
They may not be able to get all those lands; but
i they may, according to the provisions of this bill,
i take them all. I mention this only as aniliustra-
I tion of the impossibility of getting at what will be
j the real value of the sum you are paying when
| you granted those two millions of acres of land
I for the purpo.se of constructing this telegraph. As
far as 1 can judge, on all the evidence, it seems to
me that the parties will receive after the construc-
tion of this work, the full amount of its cost to
them; and though it may be true that its cost to
them will be $1,000 a mile, yet the subsequent re-
pairs of a line made under ground will be far less
than those of a line made above ground. Well,
for that you are to get eight thousand words a
month transmitted for the Government; but the
community—the public—arp to pay these parties
whatever they see fit to charge.
Mr. WELLER. No, siK
Mr. BAYARD. Not exceeding ten dollars for
ten words.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator misunderstands
the bill*
MiHpBAYARD. I think not.
Mr. WELLER. By the provisions of the bill
the Government is to fix the price to be paid for
the transmission of messages over and above the
eight thousand words a month.
Mr. BAYARD. Is it to he fixed by them-
selves ?
