1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
93
on Private Land Claims, the bill introduced this
morning by the Senator from California. I have
consulted with a majority of the members of that
committee, and they are satisfied that the bill ought
to be reported back without amendment, and
passed at once. I therefore report it back, and
ask that it may now be put upon its passage.
Mr. GVVIN. I hope the bill will be'taken up
and acted upon immediately. It simply continues
the board of land commissioners in California for
a short time longer.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill as in Committee of the
Whole. It proposes to continue in force the act
of Mftrch 3, 1851, "to ascertain and settle the
private land claims in the State of California,"
until the 3d of March, 1855, in order to enable the
board of commissioners to determine the claims
presented under that act. It also proposes to au-
thorize the board to appoint one or more compe-
tent persons, not exceeding three, as commission-
ers to take testimony to be used before the board,
at a compensation not exceeding ten dollars per
diem.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned to Tuesday
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, December 23, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by the Rev. William. H. Milbdrn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
lieutenant general by brevet.
A message was received from the Senate by
the hands of Mr. Machekt, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill authorizing the
President of the United States to confer the title of
lieutenant general by brevet for eminent services;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
HOLIDAYS.
Mr. ORR. With the view of enabling the
members of this House to participate in the festiv-
ities of the coming week, 1 move that when this
House adjourns to-day, it be to meet on Tuesday
"0Mr. CLING-MAN. That is right.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK.
The SPEAKER. I beg leave to present a
communication from the Clerk of this House, to
this body.
No objection being made, the communication
was read, as follows:
Office or Clfrk or House of Representatives, )
Washington, Dcccmhc-t 18.v1. )
Hie : Of the documents voted by tlie laM, House of lii'p-
J'rsentativos to the members of that body, for distribution
anions the people, some have been published smco the
aieetin'of the present Congress, and after the expiration
of the franking privilege ot the reunng members. I have
been called upon to dceide whether the documents, thus
nublMied since the meeting of the Thiriy-Timd Congress.
Leloii" to the members of the House of the Thirty-Second
(Joti«ress, or whether, as the* aie intended for distnbution
anions the people under the frank of the member receiving
them they should not be disposed of, in whole or in part,
to the members of the present House. The resolution
nndei which these documents were voted is explicit; hilt
the practice of the House has been, on one former occa-
sion' at least, to disregard the resolution under circum-
stances similar to those which now enst.
The following letter tiom Mr I'rcneh, a former Clerk of
this House, is referied to as covering the whole question :
Office of Ct.erk of House of Representatives, >
January 21, 1846. )
To the Speaker of the Home of Rejn escntatives:
Sir: On the l:tlh infant, the House passed a resolution
in the following words:
"Revival, That the Clerk of this House be, and he
hereby is, directed to distribute the extra copies of Lieu-
tenant Fremont's reports, oidered to bp printed by the last
Howe, amongst the members of the present House.
The document which the undersigned was thus directed
to distribute to the members of this House, was ordered to
be printed and distributed by a resolution of the last Hou^e
of Representatives, adopted on the 23th day of 1' ebruaty,
)81o, m the following words:
"Resolved. That the Clerk of this House be, and he is
hereby, directed to receive, in the recess of Congress, tnc
reports of Lieutenant (now brevet captain) Frdmont s ex-
pedition of 1843 and lt)44. to Oregon and North California,
as the same shall be published from the War Department;
find that ten thousand extra copies theieof be printed,
together with tiio lithographed maps and drawings accom-
panying the same, for the use of the members of the pres-
ent Congress; and also the leport of the same officer, of
his expedition to the Rocky Mountains, in the year 1842,
be lepnnted, with the report of the last expedition, without
the appendix of astronomical and meteorological observa-
tions."
in view of the contradiction in terms contained in the
foiegoing resolutions, the undersigned entertained doubts
as to the effect of the resolution passed hy the Jast House.
It became a question in his mind whether that resolution
did not vest a light of pioperty in the document ordered by
thai resolution to be distributed, in the members of that
Congress, of which those persons could alone divest them-
selves. And the Clerk having them in his possession, an
oider of a member of the last Congress, dated March 7,
1845, to deliver "all public documents or books " due to
him as a member of the Twenty-Eighth Congress, to a gen-
tleman in this city, deemed it proper, on the day ol the
adoption of the resolution on the 13th instant, by the pres-
ent House, to address a letter to the Attorney General of
the United States, setting out the tacts, and respectfully re-
questing his opinion whether the Clerk could deliver the
copies of Fiumont's repoit, &ttll undehveied, to the mem-
bers of this House, without subjecting himself to a legal
prosecution by members of the Jast Hou«e for thus dispos-
ing of books which they claimed as their property. And
al«o whether, by the passage of the resolution of the 25th
of February, 1845. the pioperty of the hooks ordered vested
in the members ot the House which passed the resolution.
The Attorney Coneral has not replied in writing, orotii-
cially, to tlte letter of the undersigned, but at a peisonal
jnteiview with that officer he declined giving an opinion,
and advi>ed the undersigned to bring all the tacts betore the
House, through the Speaker.
The undeisigned respectfully states, that no question has
ever heretofore been made, within his knowledge, as to the
private and personal right of a member to such books and
documents as the House had, by resolution, ordered to be
distributed among the members; and there are many cases
on the files of the office where executors, administrators,
and assignees have applied for, and received, the books
and documents of their testators, intestates, or assignors;
and there are now in the possession of the undersigned, as
Clerk ot this House, htuwheds ol volumes of books belong-
ing to members of tornier Congresses, which he has ever
held to be a« sacredly their private property as he would
the value in money of those same books deposited with
him in trust.
There is no question that the members of the last House
of Representatives, who are not members of this House,
consider themselves entitled each to his portion of the ten
thousand copies of Fi^mont's repoii, oidered by the reso-
lution of the last House ; and many of those members have
sent to their successors in the present House orders upon
theCleik to deliver the copies to which they aie entitled, to
those successors, for distribution among their common con-
stituents. Since the adoption by the House of the resolution
of the 13th instant, the undersigned has received letters from
several members of thelivt House of Representatives, who
aie not members of this House, protesting against the de-
livery of the copies of Fremont's report claimed by them,
to any poison other than themselves, except hy their order.
Those letters are communioatcd herewith, together with
a letter from a highly respectable meinbei of this House,
protesting generally, " inbchalfof those who are absent, to
my taking any step whatever to deprive them of Fiemont's
journal, to which they aie entitled, by virtue ofa solemn, a
legal, and valid act of the last House of Representatives."
Under these circumstances, the undeisigned feels that he
is placed in auf'st unpleasant dilemma. While he may sub-
ject himself, on the one hand, to legal prosecution, by com-
plying with the order of the 13th instant, he is aware that
he may. on the other hand, incur blame and censure by
failing to do so.
He knows, however, that in appealing, tffroush you, to
the House of Representatives, to relieve him m some way
from the embart-,lament m which he is placed, he appeals
to a body composed of individuals not one uf whom would
require him to do an act which would hav<- the remotest
tendency to involve him in personal dUhciilty.
He therefore mo&t respectfully, but earnestly, pi ays that
the House may take such oider in the premie as will re-
lieve hnn from the unpleasant situation in which the con
llicting resolutions <>f the last and present sessions above
leleired to have placed luni.
With the disposition to carry out, promptly and faithfully,
every order of the House ot Representatives, of which he
may*be made the instrument, he subscribes himself,
Most respectfnllv, your obedient servant.
B. B. FRENCH,
Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Hon John W. Davis, Speaker of the House.
The proceedings of the House upon the aforesaid com-
munication were as follows-
Mr James Thompson moved the following resolution :
"Resolved, That the Clerk forthwith distribute, the report
of Fremont's expedition, according to the resolution of the
House of 13th January, instant," which was adopted by the
following vote: Yeas 94; nays 81.
It may be proper to add that m the Senate all the docu-
ments published are divided hetween the Senator elect and
his predecessor, so long as the lattei has the franking privi-
lege, and when that expires all the remaining documents
are delivered to his successor.
In order to settle the question, I am constrained to invoke
the opinion of the House of Representatives, and will be
gratified to carry out any instructions they may give on the
subject. Very respectfully, ^ ^
Hon. Linn Boyd, Speaker of the House.
Mr. ORR. This communication raises a legal
question, which I think is entitled to the very re-
spectful consideration of a committee. I therefore
move that the communication be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
include in his motion also that to print.
Mr. ORR. I have no objection if that ia de-
sired. I see, however, no necessity for its being
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. The whole question is pre-
sented before us in the communication; I should
be glad to see it in print.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose the
printing of the communication will be entirely-
unnecessary, as it will go entire into the columns
of the Globe and be printed, and before the mem-
bers, in that form, by to-morrow morning, so
that every person who wishes to examine it can
have the opportunity. I hope, therefore, the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] will not
insist upon his motion to refer to a committee, but
will withdraw it, and substitute in its place a mo-
tion that the Clerk of the House be directed to
deliver to the members of the present House all
documents, extra copies of which were ordered to
be printed by the last House of Representatives
for distribution, but not delivered before the meet-
ing of the present Congress.
Sir, all the extra copies of those documents
were ordered for distribution among the people,
and not for the purpose of private emolument, or
benefit of the members who happened at the time
to be representing particular districts. Such books
as are voted to the member for himself, become
his private property, and the House have no right,
by any subsequent order, to interfere with them.
When the House, however, orders ten thousand
extra copies of the Census Report, or one hun-
dred thousand extra copies of the Patent Office
Report for distribution, those documents are not
designed for the member's private benefit. He
is but the trustee for the people of his district, and
must, in good faith, distribute them among his
constituents.
Mr. RIDDLE. I ask the gentleman from Ten-
nessee what provision he would make in cases
wherea portion of documents have been delivered
to members of the old Congress, and the remainder
of the same documents have not been delivered ?
Mr. JONES. 1 am not aware that any such
cases exist.
Mr. RIDDLE. A portion of Andrews's report
has been distributed, but the maps and charts
which should accompany the work have not been
delivered.
Mr. JONES. Then they would have to be
distributed by the members of the present Con-
gress. But I ask the gentleman how mnny of
the members of the last Congress would be will-
ing to pay the postage upon those documents, to
send them to their old constituents? Many of
those members have removed from the districts
which they then represented, and in such cases
the people of the districts will be deprived of the
works ordered by the House for their benefit, if
you say the members of the last House shall
have them. Under the operation of the existing
law, they lost, at the expiration of the last Con-
gress, their right to the franking privilege, and I
presume few of them would be willing to pay the
postage upon the documents.
Sir, during the last Congress there was but
one gentleman here from the State of Arkansas.
There are two gentlemen here now, representing
the two districts in that State, who have not been
here before. One gentleman from that State, who
was on this floor in the last_ Congress, has been
called to occupy a position in the other wing of
this Capitol. He will get his portion of docu-
ments there, and the gentlemen here will frank
them to the different parts of that State. So, sir,
with the State of Mississippi. There is not a soli-
tary member here from that State who was here
during the last Congress. So it is with the State
of Louisiana, and m a great measure such is the
. case in regard to New York, and several other
i States. With many of the States the delegations
! have been materially changed. Some of die ^entie-
i men who were here during the last Congress ai e
now in California, and will perhaps never return
to the districts which they formerly represented
here. What, then, is to become_ of the docu-
ments to which they were entitled r Are they to
be sent to California ? Why, sir, some of those
o-entlemen have died; and are we to send docu-
ments to their administrators? What would
become of them? Why, they would be sold at
private sale, or at public auction, as our docu-
