1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
ond Monday in December next, and make it the
order of the day for that time. I will vote for
that motion. I think it desirable on every score.
1 am opposed to the bill, as all its friends know,
and whenever it comes up, whether now or then,
I shall endeavor to give my reasons? for my oppo-
sition to it. It will be admitted, however, on all
hands, without going into the merits of the bill,
that, if it be adopted, we shall be making a radi-
cal change in the mode in which this Government
has disposed of the public lands«from the founda-
tion of the Government. It certainly ought to be
a subject of grave deliberation, and of full discus-
sion. You have now but three weeks of the session
remaining. You have weather which, if it does not
incapacitate for physical, certainly does for men-
tal exertion. I think, therefore, there cannot be
now such a full discussion of this bill as would
be satisfactory without entirely laying aside meas-
ures which are imperatively required to be passed
before the adjournment. I allude to the appro-
priation bills. 1 believe that next December will
be more favorable to a fair discussion of the bill
than the present time.
I do not desire to defeat this or any other bill
hy indirection. I am willing to meet the question
fairly when it comes up in December. I am will-
ing when the month of December arrives, if the
bill can be so postponed by the votes of any of its
friends, to persist then in adhering to its discus-
sion until the vote shall be taken, without regard
to other business. I trust, then, the motion will
prevail. I think next December is more suitable,
in all respects, for the discussion of the bill. I
know that there are a great variety of amendments
to be proposed, some of which may alter entirely
the character of the bill; but if it is passed in the
shape in which it now stands, I cannot entertain
a doubt that it comes cleaily within the meaning
of the language used by the President of the Uni-
ted States in his veto of the insane bill; and hence
would be sent back by him with his objections.
Whether it can be modified or not, I cannot say.
On all accounts, however, I think it would be
more desirable for its full and fair discussion that
it should be postponed until the next session. If
a majority of Congress choose then to paws it, I
shall on this, as ori every other question, bow to
their will; but I shall certainly oppose it, as I am
decidedly against the bill. The present motion,
however, has no reference to its merits.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Mr, President, I trust
that the Senate will not agree to the motion of the
Senator from Pennsylvania. In my humble judg-
ment, in the whole history of the proceedings of
this body, there never has been a bill treated with
so much neglect if not indignity as this homestead
bill. It has been twice passed by overwhelming
majorities of the people's representatives, and has
been sent here, but has been delayed and over-
slaughed by indirect motions; and now the appro-
priation bills are to be lugged in to further delay
or defeat it. For one, sir, 1 declarc before God
and the Senate, that I am willing to lose the entire
appropriation bills, every one of them, if that j
issue is to be made with me, and I will sit here in j
my seat day in and day out, up to that time which j
has been arbitrarily fixed for adjournment, rather
than lose this bill; and I appeal to its friends, if
they constitute a majority of the American Senate,
now, to-day, to make battle for it, and continue
in the good fight up to the end of the session.
Sir, I impugn no Senator's motives; 1 say di-
rectly what 1 think, and under all the responsi-
bility that pertains to my place here—and that is
that I think this bill has been worse treated than i
any measure that ever emanated from a majority j
of the people's representatives. Sir, it was given '
the go-by at the last two sessions of Congress, !
when there was a large majority in its favor. In- !
direct motions and side blows did the work. I .
ask now that Senators meet it fairly, by objec- i
tions in front. If it is a dangerous oran improper
bill, it ought not to be passed; if just and merit- !
orious, it should become a law.
I am not, at this time, prepared, sir, to answer ;
the speech which was made on this bill when it '■
was last under consideration, by the Senator from ,
Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson:] a speech to which !'
1 listened with greater pain and regret than to any [■
'I ever heatd on the floor of the American Senate.
I know something of those foreigneis whom it has 1
become so common to assail. I know them as j;
neighbors and friends; and, with few exceptions, jj
better citizens or truer men I have never known.
They are industrious, law-abiding, and patriotic.
In every war that we have had, from that of
the Revolution down, they have ever been among
the first to enlist or volunteer. 1 have been per-
sonally acquainted with hundreds who have done
so in the Indian wars in the Northwest, and that
too, long before they had ever become citizens of
the United States, or had ever signified their in-
tention to become such. This bill, in its present
shape, notwithstanding the manner in which it is
attacked for its alleged liberality to foreigners, is
the least so, in fact, of all the previous land bills
which have ever been passed. I should willingly
have voted for the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] for I believe it to be right. I
am giad, however, under the circumstances, that
he withdrew it; for my wish is to pass this bill
> without dotting an i or crossing a t, if it has a ma-
; jority in its favor. I again appeal to its friends to
; pass it in that shape. But if we cannot succeed
in doingso, then, for one, being earnestly attached
to the principle of reducing the price of the public
lands so as to place it in the power of every free
man who now is, or who may become a citizen
of the United States, to be possessed of a little
piece of land on which to live and rear his family,
I will take the next best proposition that I can get.
The present is the accepted time for action, and I
exhort now the friends of this measure to stick
by it. The eyes of the country are upon them.
The Senate is charged, and, I fear, with too much
truth, with having failed to conform its action to
the will of the people and of their representatives
through a series of sessions past. 1 repeat, that
1 trust its friends now, if they are in a majority,
will march up to the work, and pass it—pass it
to-day, if we have the numbers to do so. The
pending amendment comes from an old enemy of
the bill, and 1 tmst it will be voted down.
Mr. HAMLIN. The ftiemls of the bill, as I
understand, desire that it shall not be postponed
until the commencement of the next session, but
that the vote upon the bill shall be directly had.
I think it was suggested by the Senator who made
the motion, that tins was to be a test vote on the
question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. No, sir; I did not make
the suggestion. It was made by the Senator from
California, [iVTr.GwiN.]
Mr. HAMLIN. I heard the suggestion from
some Senator, and I rose only for the purpose of
saying that this vote will be no test with me. I am
willing to vote directly on the bill; and for the
purpose-of gratifying its friends, without indica-
ting my final vote will be, I shall go against
postponing.
Mr. CASS. I hope the bill will not be post-
poned. Since this question was raised, four years
ago, by an eminent member of the Senate, whom
Providence has since taken from us, 1 have con-
sidered it as one of the most important meas-
ures ever presented to the American Government
and people. I will take this opportunity of reading
the resolution of that distinguished man, which
all who were here at the time must recollect.
On the "22(1 of January, 1850, Mr. Webster sub-
mitted the following resolution:
" Rcsohetl, Th.it a provision outfit to lie made bylaw,
thill every male citizen oi the United Slate.s, and'every
male person who has decl.ued his. intention of b< coming a
citizen, according to the piovi-imis ot' law, ot twenty-one
years of age, oi upwaids, shall he entitled to enter upon
and takoany one qnaiter section oi the public lands whieh
may be lelt open to' entiy at pnvate sale, loi the purposes
of le-adenee and cultivation ; ami that when such citizen
shall have resided on the said land fortbiee jears,aiid cul-
tivated the same, or ll dvmc in the mean time, lesidenee
and cultivation shaft beheld and carried on bv Inswidow,
or his heirs or devisees, lor the space ot full three veais
tiom, and aftei making entry of siali land, such lesidenee
and cultivation, ior the said three voais to hp completed
within four years liom the nine of such entry, then a patent
to issue lor the same, to the person making such entry, if
living, or otherwise, to his hens or devisees, as (he ease
mav require: PrOfulecl, ncvei That such person so
entering and takme the quaitei section as aforesaid, shall
not have, nor spall his devisees or heirs have, any power to
alienate such land, nor create any title thereto, in law or
equity, liy deed, Iratislei, lease, or any other conveyance,
except hy devise, by will."
From that day to this, the subject, in one form
or other, has been before the Senate, directly or
indiieetiy, sometimes almost coming to a direct
vote, and sometimes being got rid of indirectly.
I believe it is one of the most momentous ques-
tions ever submitted to the people of this coun-
try. Gentlemen may tell me of this business, or
that business, or the other business; but, sir, in
my judgment, this is the business of the session.
I am willing to postpone all other business to the
adjustment of this question. If it be adjusted
rightly, as I trust it will be, it will have a better
and a greater effect in promoting the prosperity
of this country, in my opinion, than any other
measure ever proposed. If it does not, the re-
sponsibility will not fall on those who advocate
and vote for it. I therefore repeat my hope that
this subject will now come to its final issue, and
that, after having passed the House of Represent-
atives, the bill will be voted upon by the Senate,
and will receive a concurrent vote here.
Mr. PETT1T. I said some time ago all thatl
intend to say upon this bill, and I rise now only
to express my hope that it will be pressed to a
vole to-day. I hope the friends of the bill, if they
be a majority here, or a minority, will stand to-
gether and vote down all amendments. I do not
pretend to say that the bill is in every respect
such as I could desire; but knowing that if we
amend it, we must necessarily lose it in the House,
I prefer taking it as it is; and I ask the friends of
this bill now to put themselves together, vote
down all amendments, and get a vote oil the bill,
if there is a majority for it, as the Senator fioin
Iowa says, without dotting an i or crossing a t.
If an amendment of any kind, however small, be
adopted, it is a loss, beyond question, of the bill
for this session. Let us know, then, to-day,
whether we have or have not a majority for this
measure, which is emphatically a measure of the
people, and which is calculated to give to the
country greater strength and greater defense than
any and all other measures that are pressed here.
I hope the friends of the bill will be at their posts,
and see that no amendment is added to it.
Mr. BROWN. I will vote against the post-
ponement of this bill, and will stand by its friends
until they bring it to a final vote. With the re-
marks submitted by several Senators m favor of
having the final action of this body on this bill, I
fully and entirely concur. It is respectful to the
House of Representatives, and it is demanded, I
think, by the people, that we shall have some def-
inite action on this proposition. I cannot vote
witlfthat portion of the Senate (if, in fact, there
be such a portion) who are for killing off this
measure by indirection. Whether I shall vote for
it on its final passage, depends on circumstances
which are not yet fully developed.
I cannot concur with my friend from Indiana
[Mr. Puttit] in the declaration that we are to
vote down all amendments to this bill. I think
it were better the bill should be lost than that we
should have it forced upon us in the precise form
i in which it now stands. To take the ground that
we are not to amend it at all for fear that the House
of Representatives, where the bill has a large ma-
,! jority, will not act on our amendments, and that
; the bill must therefore be lost, is appealing, J
think, rather to our fears than to our judgment *.
] I believe that if we make reasonable and prop'
; amendments, the House of Representatives v ii
concur in them, and we shall thereby get a b ter
measure.
j I rise, however, simply to say, without mean-
; ing to have my vote understood as a test on this
j proposition, that I will now vote, and I will con-
tinue to the end voting, with the friends of this
bill, so as to bring it to the final decision of the
! Senate. When an amendment shall be proposed
j which I think is right, I will vote for it; and t
will vote against it if I think it is wrong. I ut-
terly reject the "proposition of the Senator from
Indiana, that we are to vote down all amendments
lest we should lose the bill. I have myself a sub-
stitute which I intend at the proper time to pro-
pose, and ask the vote of the Senate upon. If they
vote it down, very well. It is just to myself, and
just to some friends who concur with me, that I
should ask the vote of the Senate on that proposi-
tion. I hope we are not to be forestalled by a
fixed determination to pass the bill in its present
form. If "ftre do not believe that its present form
is the best we can give it, it is our duty to amend
it.
Mr, JOHNSON. I will vote against llns mo-
tion to postpone the bill until next December, but
I am not satisfied that the bill as it no w stands is the
best homestead bill that can be passed. In other
words, I believe there is a much fetter bill for
the whole of the new States that could be passed,
