M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 23,
ments have been sold time and again, for mere
waste paper, instead of being distributed through
the various districts of the several States for the
benefit of which these extra documents were
printed. I think that we are bound, if we would
do right, to direct the Clerk to deliver those extra
copies which are not yet distributed to the gentle-
men who now represent the districts in which it
was intended they should be circulated, who are
ready and willing to send them out to the country
where they were originally designed to go. If
the gentleman who offered this motion to refer
will withdraw it, I will make the motion I have
indicated.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to controvert any
of the views stated, or of the positions taken by
the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] it
may be quite right and proper that all these extra
documents ordered to be printed by the last Con-
gress, which have not been delivered during the
recess, should go to the successors of those gen-
tlemen who served in the last Congress. All that,
I say, may be right and proper, but there is a legal
question in the way, which I imagine cannot be
properly determined unless we send it to the con-
sideration of the Committee on the Judiciary. The
argument of my friend from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] is an argument which should be addressed
to that committee, and they should report on the
propriety of sending these documents to the suc-
cessors of those who, during the last Congress,
would have been entitled to them.
But gentlemen must see the very awkward po-
sition in which the Clerk would be placed, as well
as ourselves, unless this question is settled. The
gentleman from Delaware [Mr. Riddle] pro-
pounded to the gentleman from Tennessee a very
significant question. He said that there were
some wotks which had not yet been completed—
which had only been published in parts—and he
desired to know what was to be done with them.
I believe that the third volume (if there were
three volumes) of the President's message to the
last session and the accompanying documents has
not been delivered. At all events I have not mine
yet.
Now, you will give two volumes'of this message
and documents to the old members, and the third
volume to the new members, having no reference
to anything except the proceedings of the last
Congress, and thus breaking the set. I think,
therefore, that this reference should be made to
the Judiciary Committee. They can examine the
question, and decide whether the new members
are to be entitled to these books. Their decision
is necessary in another point of view, it is ad-
mitted that this matter should go to the committee
referred to, in order that they may decide whether I
the Clerk should be protected or not from the va-
rious annoyances, and even suits at law, which
may be brought against him.
On these considerations, I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his objection to the reference, and
Jet this question go to the Judiciary Committee.
[Loud cries o' " Move the previous question !"
and " No, no !"]
Mr. ORR. 1 do not like to make a speech, and
then to move the previous question. There seems
to be a great disposition on the part of the House
that the previous question should be moved. I
will, as such seems to be the wish of the House,
demand the previous question; and if the House
concur with the demand, well and good. If not,
I shall be quite as well satisfied.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me a few moments?
[Cries of " Oh, no !"]
Mr. ORR. I cannot.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to move to
lay the motion to refer upon the table?
The SPEAKER. That motion would carry
the letter of the Clerk with it.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not wish to interrupt
the regular proceedings of the House, but I do ,
desire  <
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The]
question is on seconding the demand for the pre- 1
vious question. 1
Mr, ORR. On that question, I demand tellers. '
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. C^ingman !
and Oris, were appointed. j
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported'—ayes 78, noes 44. I
So tiie previous question received a second. I
Mr. LANE. I would request the honorable
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Our] to
withdraw his motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not now within the
power of the gentleman from South Carolina to
withdraw his motion.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is it in order to demand
the yeas and nays on the question to sustain the
call for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays then on that question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative.
So the House refused to refer the communica-
tion to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, stronger
reasons have occurred to my mind than those urged
by the gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Riddle,]
why the suggestion of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jones] should not be adopted by
the House. Andrews's report, and the Report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey, have both
been sent to members without the maps which
are to accompany them, and by which they are
made valuable.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
There is no question before the House, and there-
fore, as I understand the rules, discussion is out
of order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer the com-
munication to the Committee on the Judiciary
having been voted down, there is now no question
before the House, and,as suggested by the gentle-
man from Virginia, discussion is out of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that, the communi-
cation be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union; and would inquire of
the Chair whether that motion is not debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. FLORENCE. When interrupted, I was
going on to say that a difficulty might occur which,
perhaps, the members of this House have not
thought of, and which those who have spoken on
the subject could not have anticipated. In the
document room below stairs, there has been a
great anxiety to get off all the documents to the
members of the last House who have not been
reelected to this, to which the officers having in
charge their distribution considered, from a sense
of its justice, and from usage which has doubtless
established a precedent, which I regard a safe one,
they were entitled. The probability is, conse-
quently, that two thirds of the members of the
last Congress have received their documents. The
pther third who have come back to Congress have
not yet received all of their documents. The dis-
tinction in the distribution during the recess was
made because after a certain time—the first of
November or the first of December—the franking
privilege of members of the iast Congress not
elected to this ceased; and hence, unless they re-
ceived their documents previous to that time, they
could not distribute them among their constituents
under their frank.
Now, sir, I have received copies of Andrews's
report, and not the maps which are to go with it.
The members of the last Congress who have not
come back to this Congress may have been placed
in the same situation; and, as was suggested by the
gentleman from Delaware, [Mr. Rmm.e,] how are
you to make the distinction ? The maps and the
books are related to each other so intimately that
one of them is useless without the other. Hence,
if the old members have received one part, and
the new members the other part, they are value-
less to either party to whom they may have been
addressed. The third part of the President's
message is in the same situation, as was stated
by the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr.
Okr.] It strikes me, as it will, no doubt, gentle-
men who were members of the last Congress,
that when a question similar to this was mooted
upon this floor, in relation to the Census Report,
it was said very clearly and distinctly—and if
gentlemen will refer to the Congressional reports
they will see that I am supported in my assertion—
that copies of the Census were to be distributed
to members of the Thirty-Second Congress; and
they are to be thus distributed.
It seems to me, sir, that, so far as an expression
of the opinion of the House is concerned, that ex-
pression is binding upon the officers of this House,
and binding upon the members of this House; and
those documents should be distributed to the mem-
bers of the last Congress.
I have heard it said, sir, that some of the mem-
bers of the last Congress are dead. A colleague
of mine, sitting along side of me, says his imme-
diate predecessor has died since the last Congress.
It seems to me it would be very proper to make
a distinction in such cases. It is impossible that
the documents can have a proper distribution
through any other channel than the gentleman
who has succeeded him. Where members of the
last Congress are living, they probably have
pledged themselves to their former constituents,
and to public institutions withm their own dis-
tricts, to distribute those works^and it is the duty
of this House, towards those who have so pledged
themselves, to place them in a position in which
they can redeem those pledges.
I will state for myself, that so far as copies of
the Census are concerned, I have promised them
to public institutions, and public institutions only,
existing within my district; and had I not been
returned to this Congress, and were this Congress
to refuse what I consider to be my right, that is,
control of the distribution of these documents, I
should conceive it to be an exceedingly hard case.
Acting under this impression, and it being the
solemn conviction of my judgment, allow me to
ask this House to pursue the course indicated by
it when the vote which was taken at the time the
Census was ordered to be printed by the last Con-
gress, led all who were present to believe would
be religiously adhered to; and it is no more than
just, in my opinion, that all the documents which
were ordered to be printed by the Thirty-Second
Congress should be forwarded to members of that
Congress, except, perhaps, in case of the death
of a member; and, in that event, his successor
may, with great propriety, be intrusted with the
delivery of them.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I was of the
opinion that it was unnecessary to refer this matter
to the Committee on the Judiciary, because I be-
lieved there was no legal question involved. So
far as the books are concerned, which are given to
members for their own use—I mean the regular
and usual number authorized to be printed by this
House—they belong to the members as their pri-
vate property. The extra numbers are given to
them for the purpose of being distributed, and itis
a matter between the member and his constituents
whether he distributes them in conformity to their
wants and requirements, whether he properly per-
formed his duties as a public agent. Now, if the
remainipg books are given to the present members,
who were not members of the last Congress, to be
distributed, it imposes upon them the duty of in-
quiring to what, persons the other part of the
books have been distributed; and it is a question
bet-ween him and his constituents whether he give
the third volume of the President's message to
those who have received the first and second num-
bers; and there is no one to whom this duty can
properly be confided except the present represent-
ative, who has been designated by his constit-
uents to perform the duties of his predecessor.
There are other difficulties mentioned by the
gentleman, which might be imposed upor. individ-
uals standing in the position in which 1 stand. I
do not represent the same congressional district
which I represented in the last Congress. I rep-
resent a portion of the district which was repre-
sented by Mr. Williams, in that Congress. My
colleague [Mr. Etheridge] represents a portion
of that district and a portion of other districts;
and while there were eleven Representatives in the
last Congress, there are only ten in the present from
^ the State. I think that we ought to give these
: books to the members of the present Congress,
and impose upon them the duty of ascertain-
ing to whom they are to be distributed, and im-
pose upon them, also, the labor and responsibility
of doing it correctly. They are the proper per-
In my judgment, upon whom the respon-
^ sibility ought to fall. I think, therefore, that the
resolution suggested by my colleague, ought to
be adopted—distributing the books among mem-
bers of the present Congress.
Mr. JONES. As nothing can be gained by
referring this subject to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I hope that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence]
