1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
to the Navy in the early period of his life, he saw
enough in the course of his administration to con-
vince him that was a wrong policy; for he after-
wards advocated a Navy.
Mr. Jefferson, in a message, July 10, 1807, in
relation to gun boats, and their efficiency for har-
bor defense, closes with these words:
" It must be superfluous to observe that this species of
naval armament is proposed merely for defensive opera-
tions; that it can havp but little effect towards protecting
oar commerce in the open sea*, even on oar own coast."
On December 22, 1805, under a reference of the
President's message, the Naval Committee pro-
posed a vote of $660,000 to enable the President
to cause to be built six line-of-battle ships.
On December 7,1808, the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to the Naval Committee of the House,
presented a statement of the additional number of
officers and seamen which, in the opinion of the
President, was then required, and which imposed
the additional annua! expenditure of $2,662,949 51.
Mr. Chairman, will gentlemen still quote Mr.
Jefferson as opposed to a proper and reasonable
Navy?
The main question appears to be now, whether
the continuance of our commerce can be expected
without more naval force to protect it, and whether
such continuance is of sufficient value to the coun-
try to justify the requisite expenditure.
But I comeagain to the question, What is a suf-
ficient Navy to protect our commerce? I answer,
sir, it is a Navy sufficient to deter other nations
from attacking it. In this case, more strongly,
perhaps, than m any other, we see the wisdom of :
the old adage that" prevention is better than cure."
By weakness you invite aggression from other
nations, as in the period from 1800 to 1812, and
you have afterwards to obtain satisfaction for
such attacks by expensive negotiations, and per-
haps by war, and the loss of immense amounts of
money, property, and valuable lives. If we pro-
vide ourselves with a sufficient naval armament to
command respect from other nations, we thereby
prevent these aggressions, and save all this treas-
ure to the country, and preserve the lives of valu-
able citizens.
Mr. Chairman, I stated the other day, when 1
made a speech upon this subject, what loss we are
supposed to have sustained for the want of an
appropriation of a few hundred thousand dollars
previous to the war of 1812. That loss amounted
to greatly over #100,000,000, and all for the reason
that we did not make provision for building a few
more vessels of war.
How came those aggressions to be made upon
our commerce by France, the indemnity for which
is now demanded of the Congress of the United
States? It was because we did not have a force
sufficient to protect the rights of our citizens. It
was because by our weakness we invited aggres-
sion.
I do not know exactly how far the gentleman
from Missouri disagrees with us, except that he
will not vote for the bill. He stated that he was
in favor of a sufficient Navy for the protection of
our commerce, and he wanted a naval policy. So
do I, but it would be well first for the gentleman
to develop his views, give us his policy, say how
many cruisers he wishes, of what description,
with what armament, and with what force. Until
he does that, I do not know how far he disagrees
with us. __ ... . ,
With these ships added, our Navy will not be
greater than it has been heretofore. It is not pro-
posed to make an increase of our naval force for
the purpose of offensive operations, but simply
and solely to prepare ourselves for the contingency
in which we are placed, to act upon the defensive,
and to guard the rights of our citizens and protect
our commerce.
It is stated bv somebody, I do not know who,
that the Government is now paying $2,000 a day
for a steamboat to keep reinforcements from
going to the relief of Captain Walker Now,
sir, if we are obliged to pay $2,000 a day for a
steamboat for this purpose, 1S reaS>Jl;
It is because you have an insufficient Navy, lhat
is an additional reason why we should pass this
blNow, sir, as I stated in the outset, it was not
my intention to address the committee upon tins
subject, except in reply to the arguments of the
honorable geutkman from Missouri. I honestly
believe that common prudence requires that we
should build these vessels; and as no other argu- i
menthas been advanced m opposition to it, I will
take my seat without detaining the committee
further.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. As the debate
has been closed upon this bill, I ask the gentleman
from Virginia to allo'w me to occupy a portion of
his time, if he has concluded his remarks.
Mr BOCOCK. I will yield to the gentleman
with pleasure.
Mr. STANTON. When I had the honor of
occupying the position on the Naval Committee
which the gentleman from Virginia, who has just
taken his seat, nowoccupies, I repeatedly presented
to this House propositions for the purpose of doing
something very much like what it is proposed to be
done in this bill. But, while I shall vote for this
bill, believing that it is absolutely essential to the
best interests of the country to do something to
increase the efficiency of the Navy of the United
States, I cannot help saying that I agree in almost
everything that has been stated by the honorable
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Benton.] I agree
with him in everything he has said in relation to
squadrons, and in relation to the arrangement of
our naval forces for the protection of the interests
of the country.
Mr. BOCOCK. I understand the honorabla
member from Missouri to propose that we should
have no squadrons at all, but that we should send
out cruisers from our navy-yards whenever a
particular service is to be performed. I hope the
gentleman from Tennessee does not indorse that
doctrine, for I confess I cannot see how it is to
be enforced for the protection of the country, if
I each ship must wait for orders from Washington
j before it'is detached upon any particular service,
j This 1 understand to be the policy of the gentle-
I man from Missouri.
| Mr. STANTON. I was just going to state,
! upon this point, that if he will look at a report
* made by the Committee on Naval Affairs two
sessions ago, he will find that I proposed exactly
what the gentleman from Virginia now proposes
to do. I proposed that the naval forces of the
United States should be separated into two divis-
ions, one to operateupon the Pacific, and the other
to operate upon the Atlantic. 1 endeavored, in a
speech which 1 made upon that occasion, as the gen-
tleman will see, if he will refer to the report in the
Congressional Globe, to show the utter useless-
ness of our squadrons lying in port in idlensss, m
the different parts of the world, as they have done
heretofore; though not so much lately as in former
times.
LllVO. . .
My proposition was, in general terms, simply
this: That we should have a number of cruisers,
not fewer, perhaps, than the number of vessels now
employed in our navy, but that they should be
started regular or irregularly, as occasion might
require, to cruise along the coast of the Atlantic and
Pacific, visit the various consular ports in the differ-
ent parts of the world, or those where we have dip-
lomatic agents stationed, and then return, so that
they would visit all the places where their presence
are required at frequent intervals, and by which
we should be able to concentrate, as occasion might
require, a much larger force than we are able to
do under our present system. It would be more
economical. It would be better in every point of
view.
But the idea which I was about to present heie
was, that I differed from the gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] only in this: I do not
consider our present naval force too large. Ho
not consider that we require a greater number of
vessels than we now possess, if they be ot the
right sort; and in all the propositions which 1
have ever had the honor to make before this
committee for increasing the Navy, I have uni-
formly urged it on the ground of renovation, and
not of increase; on the ground of substituting bet-
ter vessels, vessels more conformable to modern
science than those now in the possession of the
Government. And it is for this purpose only
that I am willing to vote for the six steamers pro-
vided by the bill presented by the honorable
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bococir.]
But it is said by that gentleman, and very truly,
that the Government of the United States is now
navine a very large amount to employ a steamboat
^certain purposes in the Pacific ocean Why is
that > Itisfor the very reason, solely for the leason,
that all our vessels—something like fitly—in com-
mission, as the Navy Register shows, or a greater
partofthem, arenow idlebn'th'gir'forei^'sfewrip.
If the system I proposed, and which 1 baifettteWlf
glanced at here, had been adopted, there woulci
not have been any thirty days in the year, or
perhaps any fifteen, in which a vessel of large
force would not have made her appearance in tr
harbor of San Francisco, and been ready'for an,
service which the Government might.require; jfrf_
the state of things whicli the gentleman now rep-
resents to exist at San Francisco would not have
happened. _
This is all I desire to'say. I did hot expeot to
say a word on the subject of this bill. I have
been its friend from the moment it was- intro-
duced, and have voted for every proposition to
bring it before the House, with the belief "that it
would go through without discussion.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not like to detain the
committee, but I wish to ask the gentleman whdt
squadron of vessels is needlessly employed at the
present time?
Mr. STANTON. That in the Mediterranean.
Mr. DAVIS, of Rhode Island. I move to add
the following to the en'tf of the first section of thfe
bill: ' ' ;
That three of the said steamships shall be put,under con-
tract by the Secretary of the Navy, giving both hU)ls and
engines to one contractor; no contractor to build more thaw
one ship and one engine. ^
I wish to say, Mr. Chairman, that, as far as 1
can learn—and I have accurate information on the
subject—the vessels at our navy-yar<is, 'and,
although we have a great number of them, cost
more than good vessels can be built for by private
contract. Nay, I will go further, and ^say thait,
in some instances, the same character of'ships
have been well built by private contract for one
half the amount we have to pay for their building
at our navy-yards. This is an important matter.
I know that it is left to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Navy. I should prefer that the
committee would give specific instructions, by the
adoption of the amendment which I have had the
honor to propose, so that he may have three of
the six steamships built by private contract-,.for I
am satisfied that they can be constructed, and as
well constructed, by private contract with ship-
builders in New York, or elsewhere. I would
rather see that done than that the whole of the
vessels should be left to the discretion of .the bec-
retary of the Navy to be built at the navy-yards.
I know how strong the feeling is in some quar-
ters to have these vessels built in Virgmta, in
Pennsylvania, or in New York; but I think the
interests of the Government should not be allowed
to suffer in this matter by considerations of that
If these vessels are to be built in,any reasona-
ble given time, they can be built much fliore rap-
idly by private individuals than at the navy-yards
of the Government. ,
I am very glad that the eminentgentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has expressed the senti-
ments which we have heard from him to-day, at
this time, upon this floor. They are very sugges-
tive and important, coming from such a source.
I was struck with the remarks made the day
before yesterday by the gentleman from New-
York [Mr. Lyon,] m relation to the Navy of our
JountrJ 'I am on* of those who be ieve that We
do not want a Navy as large as that of England
or of France. I believe that if we could have
such a Navy at once, and create a class of naen
such as is necessary to keep it up,, by me y
saying one word, it would be for the interest o
the Government to reject such a x y. sourj
I believe that, as the gentleman from Missou
has well said, there is a strong tendency at this
time^o obtain a Navy for the purpose of aggres-
ti.me 10 , to Wr my testimony—feeble
tlZgh it may be—aga'nst thl spirit in which the
declaratio^was madlby the gentleman from New
York iW Lyok] the other day, that we wmttd
to make a- descent upon Cuba, and in wluch the
comparison was made between our I"1™1
ness and the strength of England. I do not go
for that doctrine. I believe that our vast com-
merce is our best protection;thatourmiphtysh^s
■u/Viitpriinp- every sea, and our splendid vessels,
(such as the Collins line going,int°Live^l^"e
the lines eoing into Havre and other ports;) are
urt,rnlxlproteft.ion..nda«e«d^«r
power, as if they carried a hundred gum each.
