1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
and would be passed if brought up disembarrassed,
and I shall hold myself free to vote for it at the
proper time. But 1 will vote to have this bill
brought up so that we may-come to some con-
clusion in regard to our present public land system,
which I feel to be operating oppressively and un-
justly. These views will govern my votes on
this matter, but I am not to be told that every vote
I may give on every proposition, is to be a test
vote.
Mr. BAYARD. It is true, as the honorable
Senator from Michigan has remarked, that this
bill has been before the country since 1850, but
certainly it has been before it only to a limited
extent. In this body, it has had no discussion at
any time since I have been a member of it, which
has been since March 1851. There has been no
discussion of the general principle, or of the par-
ticular bill before the Senate during that time,
though the question has been incidentally touched.
There can be little doubt that it alters the entire
system of the disposition of the public lands, that
it embraces a system of donation in place of the
grant of the land for a valuable consideration. It
is an e a tire alteration.
I have many objections to the bill, as to some
of its sections, if not to the whole bill, on con-
stitutional grounds. There are a variety of other
Senators who believe the bill can be modified so
as to bring a majority of the Senate, a very large
majority, to a coincidence of opinion as to the
proper mode of disposing of the public lands, by
way of graduating and reducing iheir price. The
inclinations of my own opinion are in favor of
that. I know, however, that this bill must lead
to prolonged discussion. It has yet had no dis-
cussion. I do not think that at this season of the
year, with such a limited period for the duration
of the session, we ought to take it up now. It is
on this ground, and this ground alone, that I
shall vote for the postponement. Otherwise, I
should be ready to meet the question now. If it
be postponed until th*e second Monday in De-
cember, I shall then be willing to take up the bill,
and proceed to its discussion until the vote be
taken. At present, I think it ought to be post-
poned.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I only wish
to say a few words, and prominent among them I
wish to ask the Senate not to postpone this ques-
tion, but to dispose of it, and to dispose of it at
this session, and at the earliest time it can possibly
be done. Another thing I desire to state, as one
of the most zealous friends of the measure, and
that is my willingness to amend it in such reason-
able way as that it may command the vote of the
majority of this body. I think it will hardly do
to say that if the bill be amended at all, it will be
lost in the House of Representatives. 1 certainly
would not undertake to say what is the opinion or
condition of that House; but I will say, with
some degree of caution, that, so far as I have been
able to ascertain, reasonable amendments adopted
to this bill will be concurred in there.
But, Mr. President, this is a measure which is
vastly important to the western, or, at all events,
to the northwestern portion of this Union, and I
submit to Senators from other quarters, that that
is a portion of the Confederation of these States
which is entitled to respectful consideration. Not
that I would for one moment insist that this bill
shall be thrown upon Senators without such rea-
sonable amendments being made as they can
assent to. I am willing, for one, to put a reason-
able price upon the land; I am willing to say that
the settler shall pay, at the end of his occupation,
a fair and reasonable price for the land, if such an
amendment be necessary, for the purpose of se-
curing to the bill the friendly, honorable support
of Senators from other parts of the Union. _ I am
freely willing to concede much to the opinions
and judgment of other Senators, and I ask those
Senators, in all fairness, to concede the same
spirit to us. Let us meet this question. Let us
meet it fairly, not by some sidewise proposition,
but let us come fairly to the consideration of the
bill, and see if we cannot agree upon terms, and
adopt them, and pass it.
Now, sir, I confess that it would not displease
me at all, if the suggestion of the Senator from
Pennsylvania were true, and if it were so exces-
sively hot that no Senator here could make a
speech on this bill. Certainly, that would not
grieve me at all. I should bear it with Christian
fortitude. There is not a Senator on the floor
who does not understand the bill in all its bear-
ings. It is no new subject. There is not a Sen-
ator here who is not prepared to vote upon any
amendment that may be offered as soon as it i
can be read from the Secretary's desk. If we
should go forward, therefore, in the hottest j
weather, without hearing a lengthy speech, and j
should consider this bill, and augend it, and agree j
upon it, I think, so far from having lost anything, ;
we should have gained a great deal. 1
I was opposed, as all Senators know—strenu- j
ously opposed—to fixing so early a day for ad- '
journment as has been fixed, until we had acted i
upon this and two or three other important meas- j
ures. I am as well satisfied now, as i was then, i
that the time is insufficient to dispose in a proper j
manner of the appropriation bills. It will not j
allow you four days in each Mouse to consider j
each of the important appropriation bills. I j
thought then, as I think now, that the Senate can- j
not dispose of the business within the time; and, if '
it be disposed of, it will be very badly done. But,
notwithstanding all this, that is a subject which
is yet within our control. We can postpone that
day, if it shall become necessary to do so. I hope
it may not become necessary. I wish we could
adjourn to-morrow; but, 1 repeat, if it becomes
necessary we can postpone the day of adjourn-
ment. I only, theiefore, ask m conclusion—and
I do it with some little degree of feeling—that
Senators will concede so much to us, who repre-
sent northwestern States, as to proceed to and
continue the consideration of this measure until
we can dispose of it, and see if we cannot dispose
of it in a manner agreeable to a very large major-
ity, if not to all of us.
Mr. PETTiT called for the yeas and nays on
the motion; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Brotihoad,
Butler, Clay, Clayton, Cooper, Dawson, Dixon, Evans,
Fe^enden, Pitzpatriok, lJiintpr, Ma>on, Norrif, Peaice,
and Thmnp-mi ot Kentucky—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Atcinson, Bell, Bright, Brown,
Ca*s, Chase, Dodge of Wi^eou&in, Dodge of Iowa, Doug-
las, Geyer, Gilleite, Gwtn, Hamlin. Houston, James, John-
son, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Teimesse, I'ettit, Rockwell,
Rti-k, Sebai-tian, Shield>, Slulell, Smart, Sumner, Toucey,
Wade, Walkei, \Vell« r, and William4—3-2.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to;
and the question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Clayton.
Mr. ADAMS. I ask for a division of the ques- '
tion, so that the first vote may be upon striking j
out, and on that proposition I ask tor the yeas ■
and nays. i
The PRESIDING OFFICER- Then the first ]
question will be on the proposition to strike out !
the sixth section; which is as follows: 1
" Sec. 6. And be U junker enacted, That if any individ-
u;il now a resident of any one ot' the Slates or Tenitories,
and not a citizen of the United States, tint at the time of
making such application for the benefit of thus act, shall
have filed a declaration of intention as required by the nat-
uralization laws of the United States, ami shall beoome a
citizen of the same before the issuance of llie patent, as !
made and provided lor in tins act, shall be placed upon an
equal footing with the native bom citizen ot the Untied i
Stales." I
The yeas and nays were ordered. j
Mr. CLAYTON. The section proposed to be
stricken out grants to every alien, or foreigner not
naturalized, the moment he lands upon our shores,
the right to locate one hundred and sixty acres of
the public domain, to which he is to become fully
entitled by a patent to be issued after the expira-
tion of five years, if during that period he shall
cultivate the land and reside upon it according to
the terms of the bill. The object is to test the
question whether aliens are to be placed on the
same footing with citizens of the United States tn
the donation of the public lands. True it is, the
section proposes to give only to foreigners who are
here and not naturalized at the time of the passage
of the act; but every man can see that if the prin-
ciple is now adopted, by agreeing to the section
which I propose to strikeout, that all aliens m the
country at the time of the passage of the act are
entitled to one hundred and sixty acres of the
public domain, as a matter of course it will follow
that, at the next session, or at some subsequent
session, another act will be passed for the mere
purpose of putting them upon an equality of com-
mon justice, admitting all aliens, not only those
now in the country, but all who may come here-
after, to as full a share of the inheritance of the
American people as American citizens themselves.
Sir, I do not propose to discuss the question; I
simply ask that it be decided.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I do not propose
to make a speech upon this question; but in addi-
tion to what has been said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Delaware, I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the fact that he does not present
the case in as strong a manner as it may be pre-
sented. Now, sir, 1 wish to ask the friends of the
bill what they mean by the term " now," as used
in this section ? It speaks of all who are " now"
residents of the United States. To what period
of time does this word " now " refer? Does it
refer to the time when the bill was introduced into
the other House! Does it refer to the time of its
passage there, or of its passage here, if it shall be
passed? To what time does it refer? I say that
a more indefinite, indeterminate, and unsatisfac-
tory word could not have been employed than the
word " now." " Now," we are told, sometimes
refers to past time, at others to future time; and
we are told by the poet, that time is an eternal
" now." It appears to me to have been adopted
with a view to admit all who may hereafter come
to the benefits of the act, and if that is the purpose
let us meet it fully and fairly, and say so in the
bill in terms that cannot be doubted or mistaken,
But, sir, this is not all. I say that it is giving
to aliens who may hereafter come into the coun-
try bounties which have not been conferred upon
American citizens, but bounties m which they can-
not participate. The amendment which has been
offered by the honorable Senator from Delaware
suggests a large class of citizens who cannot par-
ticipate in this bounty. Again, all.those who have
hitherto settled upon the public lands, and paid the
price demanded, cannot be expected to participate
in this bounty. Hence I am decidedly opposed
to the sixth section, as it stands in the bill. I
shall vote to strike it out, first, because I say it
does not exclude any foreigner; it does not ex-
clude those who'are to come hereafter; for sup-
pose the word "now" should be construed and
understood by the Senate to mean at the time of
the passage of the bill"; suppose that to be the
time designated, 1 ask, where in the bill is it re-
quired of any foreigner that he shall swear that
he was a resident of the United States at the time
of the passage of the bill? There is no such re-
quirement anywhere; and hence it appears to me
to be a miserable equivoque that is intended to
mislead or deceive somebody. Heisnotrequired
to swear that he was then a resident of the coun-
try. I do not care when they may come, it is a
perpetual right granted to all who may arrive
hereafter to participate in the bounties of the
Government in settling upon the public lands; be-
cause they are not required to state that they were
residents of the country at the time of the - --
of the bill, and the word "now" is an indefinite
and unmeaning one, which is subject to different
interpretations by different persons.
Mr. WALKER. I was a little surprised to
hear the Senator from Delaware make the state-
ment which he did make in regard to the provis-
ions of this bill. If he had read it with more care,
he would have found that, in the section which he
proposes to strikeout, the provision is, that where
any person, now a resident of any of the States
land Ten ltories, and not a citizen of the* United
i States, shall declare his intention to become a cit-
! izen, and shall actually become naturalized before
the patent issues, he shall be placed on the same
I footing as a native-born citizen. That is the pro-
; vision of this section.
I Mr. CLAYTON. Precisely.
I Mr. WALKER. It itf not, then, as stated by
the Senator, for he took the ground that the bill
| provided that any person hereafter coming might
avail himself of the provisions of this act, by
simply cultivating the land. He has first to de-
i clare his intention to become a citizen of the
United States, before he can make his claim under
the act. Then, he must perfect his citizenship
i before he can be entitled to a patent for the land;
1 and it is upon the doing of both—upon the be-
; coming of an actual citizen of the United States—
that he is entitled to the patent. It was to obviate
what the Senator from Ohio deemed a difficulty
in the bill, that his amendment was offered some
time since, but by him withdrawn this morning.
It proposed to give the right to those who might
