1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
crease. This is a House bill. There is another
bill, proposing to accomplish the same purpose,
coming from the Senate, lower down on the Cal-
endar. Wow, should any emergency arise, in
consequence of which the House might desire to
provide for a larger number of vessels, they might
take up the Senate bill and amend it, if they
choose, by striking out " frigates " and inserting
"sloops," or make any amendment they may
deem necessary to provide for any exigency that
may arise. But, in my humble judgment, it
would be bet'er not to increase the number pro-
vided for in this bill.
Mr. LYON, t move to amend tire amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama by striking out
" two " and inserting " six, " so as to make
twelve in all. !
Mr. Chairman, I am surprised at the ex-
pressions I have heard from the gentleman from
Virginia in regard to his vote upon the proposi-
tion to add a provision for two sloops of-war,
proposed by the gentleman from Alabama. I am
surprised that expediency should have taken pos-
session of the gentleman, instead of what he ad-
mits he believes to be best to promote the interests
of the country. The gentleman admits that he
believes the interests of the country require the
increase of this number from six to twelve, and
I am surprised that he should imagine that that
would kill the bill. I can tell that gentleman
there is more patriotism in this House than he
imagines. I can tell him that there are men upon
this floor who are willing to defend the rights of
the people upon our sea-boards, and to defend the
rights of our citizens in foreign lands. If the
rights and interests of the country are at the heart,
why not go for a just and proper increase, and
not hesitate from considerations of expediency ?
Sir, expediency belongs to the scheming poli-
ticians who existed in the days of Noah, when
he was building his ark. They laughed at him;
they said it was too big—that the expense of
building it was too great; but when the deluge
came, it preserved him, while they were engulfed
and destroyed. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, we have a delugeof revolutions. The
whole earth is being revolutionized. You cannot
point to a country, with a map of the world spread
out before you, where great convulsions are not
taking place. You see China; you see India; you
see Persia; you see Russia; you see England; you
see France; you see South America—and even
in North America, here in this Hall, you see
Nebraska threatening us with revolution as if Bel-
lona had been invoked.
Sir, let us be prepared. We ha.ve been asked,
what are our vessels of war doing in the Mediter-
ranean ? I can tell you what one of them has
done: It has sailed eleven thousand miles in nine
months, and God knows you would not have it
go any faster. I can tell yon what another has
done: It has protected the poor inhabitants of Sa-
lonica who sought protection on board of it, for
fear of being massacred by the Turks. I can tell
you what another has done: It has protected the
missionaries who were sent to preach the gospel
at Beyroot and'at Constantinople. I can tell you
what another has done: It has been in the harbor |
of Naples, and patriots have been on board of it '
when they would have been hunted down as if
they had been poor harts before the wolves of the
forest of despotism. That is what they have been
doing, a good, wholesome work, and one which
the American people will vindicate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. In Smyrna, too.
Mr. LYON. Yes; one of them has been m
Smyrna, too. The President himself stole the
sunshine from South Carolina's son to gild his
message. [Laughter.]
One word further. Let us have these twelve
sloops of war. I will not say that gentlemen will
vote for the amendment to kill the bill. I will not
impugn their motives. I have too high respect
for their intelligence and their honor; and I must
say, that I am sorry to differ from my friend, the
distinguished, venerable, and learned gentleman
from Missouri, who stands m this House as one
of the lofty columns of the Parthenon, the sole j
remaining one of a generation passed away. Bu ,
sir, we live in young America. [Laughter.] We
live in a progressive age; and the spirit ,
nerves. We cannot get rid of it. I would as
quick think of stopping 
[Here the hammer fell.j
Mr. LYON. 1 have just one word more.
[Cries of" Go on! "]
The CHAIRMAN. Is it the pleasure of the
committee that the gentleman shall be allowed to
proceed ?
Mr. McMULLIN. I object. ■
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad that it was not my objection which caused
my eloquent friend from New York to take his
seat. 1 cordially sympathize in all that he has
uttered in behalf of the Navy. I do not know
that I have ever heard a more eloquent advocate
of that relic of good old times. Sir, I am a friend
of the Navy, though I am afraid, from the hint I
have received from the chairman of the Naval
Committee, that I shall be compelled to vote
against the amendmentwhich thegentleman from
New York desires to see incorporated in the bill.
I go for ships in this case—ships of safety and
of all kinds, from that old seventy-four which the
gentleman has embalmed in his speech before the )
committee, down to the little sloop-of-war in ]
which Moses got off. They were all good things
all got up for good purposes, and all maintained
for good and great ends. 1 am afraid, however,
that if we attempt to hitch the whole fleet on,
we shall be unable to get out of the channel at this
time. I am free to say that there lies before me
8n amendment, which I was prepared to offer, an-
ticipating the very one which the gentleman from
New York has suggested; but I am driven from
action on it by the fear that, putting on too much,
we shall lose the whole.
I atn persuaded that the Navy is not merely for
glory, but that it is to be the safety of our nation;
and I was sorry to hear the distinguished gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Benton] quote thegreat
patriarch of his party against the enlargement of
the Navy, unless, at the same time, he should have
said that the caution of that great and good man,
now dead, would lose its force from the new cir-
cumstances in which this country is placed. If
there was an error in Mr. Jefferson's administra-
tion; if there was one fault which crept into his
mind, it was that regarding the Navy; and his
friends and all America should have covered it
from the observation of the world. Experience
has shown us that we require a Navy; that our
extended coast needs defense, and that all that
we possess of military honor, all that we have of
commercial enterprise, all that we boast of of com-
mercial success, rests in a very great degree upon
the establishment and maintenance of a Navy.
Sir, like the honorable gentleman from Mis-
souri, my memory goes back thirty or forty years,
and I shall never forget, that when the spirits of
the country drooped under the defeats of_ our
army upon our frontier, before our raw militia
had been brought into full exercise and schooled
into courage—I shall never forget the glorious up-
rising of the sun from the ocean when the Consti-
tution spoke in tones of thunder to the British ves-
sel, and in tones of gratulation to every American
ear. From that moment the Navy of ourcountry
became baptized in the affections of the people; it
lost all party character; it ceased to be the tool or
the measure of this orof that party, and it became
a great national engine—an institution to advance
the glory of our country, and to protect and insure
its prosperity.
Sir, I could vote cheerfully for an addition to
this bill if I did not fear, from what has fallen
from the chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs, that such an attempt might weaken the
bill. I would, therefore, rather trust to the bill
before us as it stands; and when I ascertain, as I
undoubtedly shall by the vote on this bill, that
there is a sentiment in the House favorable to a
further enlargement of the Navy, I will most cheer-
fully vote to take up the Sena'e bill and provide
by it for a stili further increase.
Mr. DEAN. I ask for tellers on the amend-
ment of my colleague, [Mr. Lyon.] It is a very
important one, and I think it ought to be adopted.
Tellers were not ordered. >
The question was then taken on Mr. Lyon s
| amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
;ete(l.
alluded to by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bo- .1 jee««. lest;onrecurredonMr.pHII.LJps'Samend-
cock! yesterday—the sptnt of manifest destin) 1
is in our brain; it is in our heait; it throbs in our II ment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask for tellers on that
amendment.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I offer the
following as an amendment to the,amendment; •
Provided, That nvo of the vessels herein provided for
shall be const!acted on the Mississippi river.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman offer
that as an amendment to the amendment.' ! - -
Mr. STANTON. 1 propose it as such, if.it is
appropriate. I do not know exactly what, the
amendment of the gentleman from Alabama is.
Mr. PHILLIPS. My amendment is to add
two sloops-of-war. . •
Mr. STANTON. Then I presume mv amend-
ment is as appropriate here as it would ,be any-
where else. 1 offer it, not with any expectation
that it will be adopted by the committee, but in
| order to afford me an opportunity to say a word
j or two in reference to what has been said in the
; debate to-day about the navy-yards now owned
I by the Government of the United States. I pre-
I sume it will be conceded on all hands, and espe-
cially by those gentlemen who favor an increase of
the Navy, that some such establishments are
necessary. So, when gentlemen tell us that one
of these great establishments is necessary on the
Atlantic coast, and that a large establishment is
necessary on the Pacific coast, I have only to say
that I think an important establishment of this
kind necessary on the Mississippi river, for the
purpose of bringing within the power of the Gov-
ernment, at its easy command, the vast and
illimitable resources of the Mississippi river—'its
resources not only in material for the construction
of our ships and our naval armament, but mate-
rial in manning those ships. ...
I know that there has been a great prejudice
excited against the establishmentalready existing
on the Mississippi river. I have seen some hos-
tility manifested against it in this House. I be-
lieve that as long as the Government of the United
States maintains a navy—and I believe it is highly
important that they should maintain a moderate
navy—it will be equally important to makearrange-
ments for taking advantage of the great resources
of the Mississippi valley. It will be an evil day
for the country, if it expects to defend itself upon
the ocean in any important emergency, when that
establishment shall be stricken down. There is
one question that ought to be considered by the
House before any ofthesepropositionsare adopted.
I have no hostility to the amendment proposed by
the gentleman from Alabama, [Mi*. Phillips,]
provided it be proposed with the view of substi-
tuting better ships for the inferiorones now in the
Navy.
In the prospect of war or difficulty, where any
great service was to be performed by the Navy, I
would vote for twenty ships, or one hundred, if it
was deemed necessary; but I do not see any
such necessity at the present time. If we renovate
the Navy entirely—if we substitute for existing
vessels those of a better character, we shall do all
that is necessary for the present service of th'6
country. Let us consider what will be required to
keep up these vessels, if we add a dozen new
steamers at the present time to our present force,
and whether there is any emergency calling for
any such increase, if gentlemen are looking to
the acquisition of Cuba—if they are looking to a
war with Spain or Great Britain—if that is the
avowed purpose for making this addition to our
Navy—if there is any real apprehension, danger, or
difficulty from that quarter—I repeat, that I shall
be willing to vote for this or any other increase 
I [Here the hammer fell.]
I Mr. FULLER. I am opposed to the amend-
i ment of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
: Stanton.] I propose to make a remark or two
very much to the same purpose as he did, merely
to illustrate this idea. While this committee are
being instructed and entertained, 1 have no doubt,
'• by the remarks which have been made m relauon
to building up the materiel of our Navy, I desire
to call attention in this connection—as I think,
properly, too—to the personnel of the Navy. The
valley of the Mississippi may be rich and produc-
tive in the materiel of the Navy; butwhere are we
to go for the men that are to man it, is a very per-
tinent question, in my judgment. In response to
that question, 1 will suggest an idea which I hope
will be considered by the committee. You,are to
go into the rugged and boisterous high seas on
our northeastern frontier, among the fishermen.
