THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, JULY 11, 1854.
New Series.....No. 105.
city of New York. In my humble opinion, seeing
that these immigrants will come here, seeing
that they areincreasing every day, the true policy
is by all just means to divert them* as it were, to
draw them away from the large cities on the sea-
board, to plant them away on the frontier, to
break up tnese bodies which are congregated in
the large cities, to scatter them and disperse them
among your own people. There is not a western
man who does not feel the effect of it. We know-
that in all the northwestern States there are a great
many of these men. They attach themselves as it
were to the soil; and depend upon one thing, the
moment a man commences to work the soil, and
saturate it with his own sweat, the moment that
a man begins to work for himself, that moment
he will become attached to the soil, and will fight
for that soil. Such men to-morrow are as much
to be depended upon in an emergency as the loose
population hanging about your cities, no matter
where born; for, after all, it does not depend so
much upon that.
I take this view of the matter, and I express it
with great deference. As I remarked before, I
•dislrfce very much to touch any feeling upon the
subject, but I think this view of it is a perfectly
American view. Here are something like five
hundred thousand people coming into ourcountry
almost every year from every part of the world.
.They collect into New York, and Boston, and
Philadelphia, and they create all this unfortunate
feeling which is being engendered m those cities.
Getthem from there; send them to your frontiers;
scatter them about on the vacant, unappropriated,
unreclaimed territory; let them enter into a contest
with nature, and struggle for homes and for farms.
Let them have their own little hearths, to collect
their families around them, and you will find
nothing of this clamor. I recollect having a con-
versation with the distinguished Senator who in-
troduced a resolution into the Senate on one occa-
sion on this subject—a gentleman now no more,
but whose inemoiy is a treasure to this country,
Mr. Webster. I recollect the views which he
presented. He said he knew of no other policy
than that which would carry off this population
that was coming into the country, and throw them
into the frontier Territories. Americanize them
as soon as possible, plant them down there, and
break up those laigecollections of persons who are
now in the cities. 1 think, sir, that while the for-
eigner is exercising this suffrage in a restricted,
limited, contracted sphere, he is studying, he is
improving, he is instructing himsell,and in five
years, when he becomes a citizcn of the United
States, he will be better acquainted with ihe insti-
tutions of the couhtiy; he wili look upon them
as those of which he may be proud.
1 merely wanted to suggest these views to my
honorable friend from Delaware, whom 1 know
to be capable of grasping everything, and looking
far beyond the little considerations of giving land to
men. I think he will find this is the best policy.
Mr. CLAYTON, i desire to say one word in
reply to the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon.]
lie said he could not see that this biii granted any
right whatever to an alien, any right whatever to
a foreigner, until he became a naturalized citizen
of the United States; because, he said, the patent
was not to be issued until he became a natural-
ized citizen of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. 1 wanted to convey the idea
that he had not a right to the land. 1 know that
he has a right to settle on the land, hut he has not
the right to the land itself until he is naturalized.
The section expressly authoiizes him to take pos-
session of the land for a certain period of time;
and if he become naturalized, he is to have the
title. He has an inchoate right, I admit, which
he may acquire by settlement on the land; that is
a right of a preemption character; and nobody
can dispossess him of it, and he may go and ob-
tain a patent for it when he becomes a citizen of
the United States; but if he never become a citi-
zen, he can never get the patent for it; and, if he
should die without becoming a citizen, he would
loose it altogether—both him and his heirs.
105
Mr. CLAYTON. That is exactly what I said;
that you are aiming to confer on them the same
rights as on American citizens. Jfow, the honora-
ble Senatorsays that aliens can settle on the lands,
and have the right to remain thereuntil the patent
is granted, which may be at the end of five years.
A patent cannot be granted to an American citizen
until the end of five years. He must cultivate the
land five years, and the alien must cultivate it five
years. The naturalization laws only require five
years' residence, and then he becomes a citizen;
so that, in every respect, from the moment he
lands and declares his intention to become a citizen,
he is to be precisely on the same footing as the
native-born American citizen. That is certain.
Mr. DIXON. Oh, no, I will not say that it is
a certain conclusion. It cannot be true, in fact,
that anybody has a right to these lands, except
those now in the States and in the Territories. It
cannot be true that those hereafter coming into this
country have a right to them.
Mr. CLAYTON. There is no difference on that
subject, if the Senator will hear me.
Mr. DIXON. 1 would make one suggestion
to the Senator from Delaware, because it was a
remark which he made which justifies me in ex-
plaining myself. It is not the fact that the law is
precisely the same in regard to the alien now in
the States, or in the Territories, and the citizen. It
is riot the fact that the law which limits the right
of native boin citizens to five years, only limits
the right of an alien for five years. There is
another condition, so far as respects the alien.
What is that? It is that he is to become natural-
ized ; and unless he becomes naturalized, he cannot
get the patent.
\ Mr. CLAYTON. Of course, so I stated. He
is to become naturalized. There is no difficulty
in obtaining naturalization papers; that is a mere
matter of form. He gets his papers; and he is,
as I before stated, not compelled, by the provisions
of the bill, to obtain them as soon as the five years
are out; but he may remain on the land as long as
he pleases, and at any time afterwards he may
come forward, become naturalized, and get the
patent. You cannot turn him out, if he stays on
the land without naturalization for forty years.
He is, to all intents and purposes, in every respect,
endowed with the rights of an American citizen.
Now, I turn to my frie$d from Illinois I am
a friend to immigration. I consider it a part of
the established policy of the United States. I am
in favor of it; but, sir, I am decidedly for a dis-
tinction between the American citizen and the
alien. I will do nothing which shall cheapen the
right of an American citizen, and place him upon
the same footing precisely with an alien, or a
man who has only declared his intention to be-
come a citizen. JyTy honorable friend considers a
man who declares his intention to become a citi-
zen as having become, in some degree, a proba-
tionary citizen. Sir, he is not a citizen. He is!;
not bound by the same obligations which bind !
you and me, and my honorable friend. He is not j,
under the same obligations which bind all the citi- j
zens of the United States, until he obtains his j
naturalization papers, after remaining here five
years. 1 would not cheapen this right of Amer- |,
can citizenship by extending itto all foreigners. As j;
thebili on your table drawing a distinction between !j
foreigners who are here now and those coming n
hereafter, 1 think it is a distinction without any ji
substance. We know that if the bill passes it i
establishes a principle; it establishes a great prin- !■
ciple, as my honorable friend from Illinois says; jj
that is, that an alien, upon merely declaring his jj
intention, becomes entitled to the same rights as j
those of us who are citizens and residents here,
and he can remain upon the land until his natu- ,!
ralization be perfected. Then it follows, having !
established the principle, as a sheer matter of jus-
tice, it will be extended to all aliens coming here r
hereafter. # ^ ;;
Now, sir, the point of difference between us ^
lies here. I am entirely opposed to offering a pre- ■ !
mium to immigration from Europe, and, in offer- j'
ing that premium, placing the foreigner precisely I!
| upon the same foundation as an American citizen.
! That has never been the policy of this Govern-
| ment, and I trust it never will be. No nation
; that ever cheapened the right of citizenship pros-
' pered by it. I would teach every American citi-
; zen, if I had my way., to be proud of the name of
! an American citizen, and to honorit,and I would
i have it respected throughout tha^syhole world. It
| should be a matter of boast, in a foreign country-,
1 that he was an American citizen. While making
no distinction between the naturalized citizen and
; the native-born, yet I would have them all proud
, of the name of an American citizen. But, sir, if
j you pass this measure, it will necessarily require
: the adoption of another measure hereafter, to let
; all aliens who may come here in future, partici-
; pate to the same extent in the enjoyment of the
! public property of the United States with native-
1 born citizens. The effect of it is to cheapen and
■ degrade the character of the American citizen.
| Yes, sir, it tendfj to cheapen and degrade it, because
i it places the American citizen upon the same
, foundation precisely with every man in Europe;
| no matter whether that man be an outcast of a
: prison, no matter what crime he may have com-
, mitted, he comes here and acquires that right.
' Sir, I know not whether the bill will pass. I * >-
' look upon it as the most agrarian measure that *
has been offered since I have been in Congress.
It bears upon its face, to my mind, indications, I
; will not say of the approaching dissolution of this
i Government, but it looks as if the American rep-
: resentatives of States had come at last to con-
j sider that this "great and glorious partnership of
I ours, which has stood so long, and which has
; been the admiration of the world, is hereafter to
I be a partnership without effects and assets. How
! long a partnership can last without any assets,
j how long it shall endure, when there is no longer
! a single link of common interest to bind the
States, I know not. I merely suggest it; and
as I said 1 did not intend to go into thediscussion
of the great question raised by the bill, I will not,
1 leave it with these remarks, and 1 shall anx- /
iously wait the decision of the Senate upon the j
motion I have made.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, said: Mr. President,
as the debate seems now to turn upon the sixth
section of this bill, that section which has refer-
ence to the privileges granted to foreigners, and
the danger which is apprehended asMikely to re-
sult to the institutions of our country from such
privilege being awarded to them, I beg to call at-
tention to the existing laws on this subject. Are
Senators aware of the fact that this bill is more
illiberal in respect to foreigners than any other
measure of the kind touching the public landsy
which has ever been proposed in either House.of
Congress ? The sixth section is in these words:
Sec, 6. Jind be it juriher enact cd, That if any indi-
vidual now a m:siDFNTOt any one ot the ?tau«  or Terri-
tories, mxi not a citizen of the United States, but at the
time «)( making such application for the benefit of this act,
shall have filed a declaration of intention, as required by
the naturalization l;uvs of the United States, Jind sbali be-
came a citizen of the same before the issuance of the pa-
tent, a-? made and provided for in this act, shall be placed
upon an equal footing Willi the native-born citi2fcn of the
United States."
In reply to my esteemed friend from Alabama,
[Mr. Clay,] I say that, according to my under-
standing of this section, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the Secretary of the In-
terior would construe it as referring to the date of
the passage of the bill—the word "now " being
employed in lieu of the more common ones, "from
and after the passage of this act"—certainly not
to its introduction into the House. That is my
impression.
Mr. CLAY. I will ask my friend from Iowa,
with his permission, how is it to be ascertained
that a foreigner was a resident of the country at
the time of the passage of -the bill ? Is there any
provision requiring him to make oatfy to that fact?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The bill is, I think,
well guarded against abuse. It is filled with con-
ditions and restrictions, and the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is required to issue such
