98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 28,
is due to truth and justice. Brookins Campbell
was an honest man; and in all the varied relations
of life vindicated his tide to this high distinction.
As husband, father, and friend, he was affection-
ate, kind, just, and true. But all these virtues clus-
tering around him and shedding their lustre on his
pathway of life, were not sufficient to shield him
from the shafts of death. The devoted fondness
of a wife, a child, and friends, afforded no immu-
nity from the dread fiat. If a life of usefulness to
his family, his friends, and his country, could
have availed anything, then he had not died. But
alas, how impotent is all human effort; how un-
heeded the entreaties of friendship; how unavail-
ing the tears of love and affection ! Who but the
Omnipotent can arrest the demands of insatiate
Death, or stay its fearful desolations? The decree
is irrevocable—dust thou art, and to dust shalt
thou return; he has met the demand, and sleeps
quietly.
Whilst we, his colleagues, who knew him, and
knew him only to love and admire, mourn his
loss; whilst his State, and a large, large circle of
friends will join us in our sad regrets, yet there
is a heart on which this painful event will fall with
crushing force—the companion of his bosom, the
object of his devoted affection.
If the sincerest sympathy, or aught of human
effort, or human kindness could avail anything to
lighten this blow, or soothe the anguished, spirit,
it would be freely offered. But here all earthly
efforts fail: all human consolations are mere mock-
eries. We are left to commend her to Him who
tempereth the wind to the shorn lamb, and hath
promised to be a father to the fatherless, and hus-
band to the widow. As a last tribute of respect
and affection to the memory of the dead, I offer,
Mr. President, the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Senate has received with deept>enM-
bihty the massage from the Hou^e of Representative an-
nouncing the death of the lion. Brookins Campbell, a
Repiftsentative from the State ofTemiessee.
Rewired, That in token of respect for the memory of the
deceased, the Sonate will attend his funeral at the hour
appointed by the House of Representatives, and will wear
the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That, ass a further mark of respect for the mem-
ory of the deceased, the Senate do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously agreed to;
and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 27, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milbuhn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
DEATH OF HON. BROOKINS CAMPBELL.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
twice have we been called upon to mourn the
loss of distinguished public servants since the
meeting of the present Congress. And to-day I
am instructed to ask the indulgence of the House
to pause in its labors, while I perform the melan-
choly duty of announcing the death of my worthy
colleague and friend, the Hon. Brookins Camp-
bell, of the First Congressional District of the
State of Tennessee. He died in this city on
Sunday last, at one o'clock, p. m., leaving a fond
wife, and infant daughter, to mourn the loss of
a kind husband and father. It is hard, sir, to die
under any circumstances, but peculiarly so when
away from home, and deprived of the kind and
delicate attentions of that ministering an&el a
wife—whose tears soften the pillow of the dying
husband, and whose presence blunts even the stino*
of death itself. Such, however, was the misfor-
tune of Mr. Campbell. He left home about the
20th of November, m feeble health, and came i
here to enter upon the discharge of the duties of j
the important trust confided to him by a generous I
constituency. j
Soon after his arrival in this city, he was con- j
fined to a sick bed. by a lingering disease, which I
baffled the best skill of the medical profession, '
arid prevented him from ever taking his seat in this !
Hall, as a member of this body. Conscious of his
situation and impending dissolution, it will be |
gratifying to his bereaved family and friends to I
know that he met the dread summons with ca/m- j
ness and Christian resignation—with a firm belief [
of his qualification and complete preparation to i
pass from a world of sorrow to one of eternal rest, li
Mr. Campbell was born in Washington coun-
ty, in the State of Tennessee, in the year 1808,
and continued to reside in his native county up to
the dajf of his death. The many public trusts
conferred upon him by his immediate neighbors
and friends attest more strongly than I can by lan-
guage his many private virtues, and his sincere and
unwavering devotion to the public interest.
In 1835 he was elected a representative to the
State Legislature from his native county, and was
reelected in 1837. in 1841 he was again returned
to the popular branch of the Legislature of his
State, and continued a member of that body, at
each successive session, until 1846. In 1845 he
was, by the unanimous vote of the Democratic
members of the House of Representatives of his
State, chosen as the presiding officer of that body.
It was in this responsible position that Mr.
Campbell exhibited, in a high degree, those excel-
lent qualities of head and heart which so endeared
him to his friends, and won for him the admiration
of his political opponents. His urbanity of man-
ner, amenity of disposition, honesty of purpose,
and impartiality of decision, gained for him that
respect and confidence of every member of the
House, so necessary to the preservation of deco-
rum and good order in a Legislative Assembly.
In 1846, Mr. Campbell was appointed, by
President Polk, an assistant quartermaster to the
army of the United States, then in active service
on the plains of Mexico. He repaired promptly
to the post assigned him by his Government, and
discharged the duties of his office with an ability
and fidelity which gained for him, not only the
good opinion and universal respect of the division
of the army with which he was associated, but the
hearty approval of the President of the United
States. It was in that foreign clime, and while in
the military service of his country, he contracted
the fatal disease which has cut him off in the
meridian of life and "in the midst of his useful-
ness."
In 1850 he was again elected a Representative
to the State Legislature, and by his wise, zealous,
and successful advocacy of those public measures
of that session—which looked to the development
of the resources, and the promotion of the pros-
perity of the whole State—Mr. CAMPBELLacquired
an mtluence and power possessed by but few
other members of either branch of the General
Assembly. In gratitude for his distinguished ser-
vices, as well as on account of his ability and
purity of character, he was chosen by his district,
in August last, to represent it in this branch of the
National Legislature.
In politics, Mr. Campbell was a Democrat,
and radical, too, in his political faith. He engaged
actively in most of the political struggles in his
native State since 1834. But no prejudice, no polit-
ical excitement, could make him swerve from the
path of religious duty.
For some time past he had desired to represent
his district in the Congress of the United States.
Pie reached the goal of his ambition, and arrived
here in time only for his soul to take its departure
ftom the capital of the nation to that city above,
" not made with hands, eternal in the Heavens "
He
" So lived, that when the summons came to jom
The inimmeiahle caravan that moves
To that inystcHous realm, where vaeh shall take
His chamber in the silent hails of death,
He wont, not like the quany j-I.tvc atiii hf,
Si'ouiged to hi5! dungeon, hut unstained and soothed
By an untaitenng tiusi; apptoaelied the grave
Like onuthat draws the drapery of his coujh
About him, and lies down to pleasant dreams."
In token of respect for his memory, and as an
expression of our sympathy with his bereaved
family, I move the adoption of the following reso-
lutions:
Revolved, That this Hou-e deeply laments the death of
the honorable l}Rno,ttNs Caupri.t,i„ who, at the time of
Ins decease, was a member of this House from the First
dMru-t ot Tennessee, and tenders to his widow a sincere
sympathy in this most atflieting bereavement.
Resolved, That the Clerk communicate a eopv of the
foregoing resolution to the widow of the deceased ; and,
further, that he communicate these proceedings to the
Senate.
Resolved, That the memhcis and officers of this Tlonse
will a! tend the iuneral 01 the deceased to-moriow, at twelve
o'clock, in.
Rrtnlved, As a further mark of respect for the niemnrv
of the deceased, that the members anil officers of this
Hou*e will wear the usual badge of mourning fortlmty
days, and that this House do now adjourn.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. CARUTHERSsiaid : A residence of many-
years in the State of Tennessee, where I learned
to admire the character of Brookins Campbell 
intimacy ripened into the warmest friendship be-
tween him and my relations there—haying often
seen him in his place in the councils of his State,
and knowing much of the deep love Tennessee
bore the man and will bear his memory, makes it,
perhaps, peculiarly proper that I should min le
my voice with his colleagues in mournful expres-
sion of their State's and the country's bereave-
ment.
How sadly frequent have become these occa-
sions in this Hall. The mourning in which if is
shrouded speaks gloomily yet eloquently of the
memory of the late high-souled and chivalrous
Vice President of the United States. The voice
of euiogy of the lamented Atherton, and of sorrow
for his death, still lingers here.
To-day, for the third time during this session,
(of yet but a few weeks,) we are mourners 
mourning the loss of the gifted and pure. The
death of Mr. Campbell has fallen upon this
House—upon the country—upon his family, with
all the crushing and stunning force of an unex-
pected bereavement. His district, the country,
had scarce heard the story of his illness—his wife,
the wife ofhislove, had'notheard the story of his
danger; but his death is to fall upon her heart as
the lightning of Heaven falls, shivering to ruin all
its cherished hopes. It may carry with it a balm
of some soothing to that crushed and bleedin®-
heart, to know that a nation appreciates highly
his lofty talents, his extensive usefulness, his
unwavering firmness, his unbending integrity, his
pure patriotism, his charming social qualities; that
his last hours were tended with all the kind min-
istrations of friendship, and his death grieved by
all who knew him—for they all loved him—with
all the agony of a personal bereavement.
Beloved in his life, mourned in his death, he
has gone to that shadowy land from which there
is no returning. He was cut down in the bloom
of his manhood—in the pride of his intellect—in
the service of his country. How impressively
sad this warning, teaching of the mutability of
human life—of how powerless are the earthly
hands of love and of friendship to save, and
teaching, too, how sincerely the good and the
wise, and the kind are deplored. When the sad
tidings shall go through the land, with its wail of
anguish, that Brookins Campbell is dead, Ten-
nessee, his own beloved Tennessee, will feel that
she has lost one of the noblest and best of her
noble and good sons. Tennessee, Alabama, New
Hampshire, a bereaved trio, weep over their hon-
ored dead. Missouri would mingle her voice and
her tears -with their voices and their tears. I
second the resolutions of my honorable friend
from Tennessee.
The question was then taken on the resolutions,
and they were agreed to; and
The House thereupon adjourned till to-morrow
at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 28, 1853.
FUNERAL OF HON. BROOKINS CAMPBELL.
In accordance with the resolution adopted yes-
terday, the Senate proceeded to the Hall of the
House of Representatives, for the purpose of at-
tending the services connected with the funeral of
the Hon. Brookins Campbell, deceased, late a
member of that House from the State of Tennes-
see.
On the conclusion of the services, the Senators
returned to their Chamber.
On motion by Mr. BADGER, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 28, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral obsequies of Hon.
Brookins Campbell, late the Representative from
the First Congressional District of the State of
Tennessee.
R.ev. Mr. Milburn, Chaplain to the House,
offered up a suitable prayer.
After a brief interval, the corpse of the deceased
