1666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 10,
rules and regulations, consistent with the bill, as
shall be necessary and proper to carry its provi^j,
ions into effect. All the laws relating to the pub-
lic lands are to be construed together; I have the
land laws before me, and, having read the sixth
section of this bill, I propose to read the law as it
stands to show the contrast against foreigners
made in this bill. The general preemption law,
passed in 1841, reads thus:
"Sec. 10. Jlndbeit further ciuictedf Thatfrom and after
the passage of this ac, every person being the head of a fam-
ily, or widow, or single man over the age of twenty one
years, and being a citizen of the United States, or having
filed his declaration of intention to become a citizen, a* re-
quired by the naturalization laws; who since the 1st day of
June, A. D., 1B4U, ms made, or shal) hereafter make, a set-
tlement in person on the public lands, to which the Indian
title had been, at the time of such settlement, extinguished ;
and which has been, or shall have been, surveyed prior
thereto, and who shall inhabit and improve the same, and
who has or shall erect a dwelling thereon, shall be, and is
hereby authorized to enter with the register of the land office
for the district in which such land may he, by legal subdivis
ions, any number ot acres not exceeding one hundred and
sixty, or a quarter section of land, to include the residence,
of such claimant."
That sict„of 1841 is the first in the history of
these Unit«] States in which we ever undertook to
confine the benefits of any preemption, donation,
or other law to citizens of the United States.
Under all the preemption laws, from the earliest
foundation of the Government down to that day,
any foreigner fresh from Europe, who had just
landed, might, by complying with their provis-
ions in relation to settlement and cultivation, go
to the land office, and enter his quarter section
just as though he were a citizen. That act was
the first which introduced such a restriction.
Listen to the language of the act of 1830, the first
general law which granted preemption rights to
all who should settle upon the public domain.
Its words are:
" That eveiy settler or occupant of the public lands prior
to the passage of this act, who is now m possesion, and
cultivated any part thereof, shall be entitled to enter," &c.
This is the language of the act of 1830, under
whose provisions preemptions were taken all
over Alabama, Mississippi,*and Missouri. Every
foreigner fresh from Europe, who settled upon any
portion of the public domain of Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, or in any of the States, went to the lnnd
office, and entered the land without any question
being asked him in regard to citizenship.
1 come now to the acts of the 19th of June, 1834,
and of the 22d of June, 1838, under which I
remember to have granted preemption rights to
several hundred foreigners in the State of Iowa,
when I was acting as a register of the land office.
Like their predecessor, these laws read that "every
settler and occupant shall enter," <fcc.; precisely
the same language as that used in all the previous
laws.
'• Settlers," ** occupants," and " persons," are
the terms made use of, and never were there any
other terms employed in any of the preemption acts
prior to the act passed by the Whig party in 1841,
with their triumphant majority m each Mouse of
Congress. To that party belongs the honor, if it
be such, of having introduced the first provision
in any law of this character to confine its benefits
to citizens, and to such foreigners as filed their
declaration to becomec'itizens. My venerable and
distinguished friend from Delaware was not here
then; but, if he ha<f been, judging from the penchant
which he has shown for amendments of this char-
acter, IJiave no doubt he would have presented it,
and that tt would have been baptised, " the Clay-
ton amendment." But there was a worthy and
respectable Senator of his own party, [Mr. Mer-
rick, of Maryland,] whoablyand zealously pressed
those hostile amendments against foreigners which
are now being urged by the Senator from Dela-
ware.
" Mr. Merrick [Whig Senator form Maryland] then
offered the following amendment:
" Insert after the word year?, in the tenth line :
" Provided, That the right of preemption granted by this
act, or the act hereby revived, shall not accrue to any
other person* than those who were, on the flr«t da> of De-
cember, IP37. citizens of the United Mates ; and such cit-
izenship shall, in all cases, he established by legal and
competent testimony, to-the satisfaction of the register and
leceiver of the land district m whit-h the land* may he,
prior to any entry thereof, by virtue of the provisions of tins
a(t.
  The amendment I have offered proposes so to modify
the bill as to limit tiie grant of this bounty to oui nwncit'-
ze>is ; to exclude from the immense advantages of thu law
and this policy (for remember, it is avowed on the other
side that fins is to be the settled policy of the Government,
and all other similar laws are to be passed continually here-
after) all aheDS, all who are neither native nor natuiahzed
citizens of the Union. Between^ the native and natural-
ized citizen I propose to make no distinction in this
respect; but I desire, while you are about to deal out the
property ofthe American citizens in bounties and gratuities,
that you should confine your liberality in disposing of their
means to your own people.
" What, sir, has been the chief argument urged in favor
o'fthe passage of this bill? Was it, and is it not, that you
thereby give to the industrious, and honest, and enterpris-
ing poor man, who owns no land, and has not the means
of purchasing in theJ old settled portions of the country, an
opportunity of acquiring a home, and comfort and inde-
pendence tor himself and family? And will you, can you,
while you use this argument, exclude our own citizens
from the advantages thus speciously held out, by letting
loose, as competitors with them, the hordes of European
and other foreign vagrants, knaves and paupers; and will
not the poor man, the honest, and vntuous, and industrious >
poor man of this country, be effectually excluded from all
the vast benefits and advantages of tins and similar laws, j'
if you reject the amendment I have offeied? Ye-, sn, they ; j
will be excluded by the preocc upam-y of the knaves ami !■
paupers ofthe Old World. Already this description of per- j
sons are flocking, in mo t pernicious herds, to tin?.-country: ■ i
let it once be known that they are admitted to the free and •,
full enjoyment ot the advantages of these preemption laws ; ;!
that they are authorized bv Congress to come m any nuin- | j
bers, and seize upon the inheritance ot the American peo- ; j
pie, and the character of our trontier population will be :l
sudiy changed. No longer shall we find oui tiontiet, as it 'j
extends farther and farther we t, peopled bv brave, and \ \
hatdy, and patriotic yeomanry. That winch h<ts hitherto jt
been the bulwark may become the scourge of th^ country. ]j
You will have there a vicious, corrupt, and debased swarm I j
of outcasts from Europe; and the poor, but honest and "
proud-hearted American fieeman will r.uher die in povei ty ;;
and want, than dwell among such people; no, sir, he will
never «o among them; and you exclude him as effectually •
by rehiring to shut the door against such alien intruders, as •
if you were to proscribe him by name in your statute. '
Make the professions 1 have heard good ; &o frame this bill !
as in fact to enable the meritorious poor men of our own j
country who have them not, to acquire homes, and com- |
fort, and independence for themselves and families, and I
my heart will he with you; ar all event*, bestow not the j
propeity of the citizens of this Union hi bounties upon :
aliens who owe >ou no allegiance, who have no swnpa- ,
tineas tor, no ties to bind them to vou, hut who are, from j
habit ami education, hostile to all tho-e institutions so dear ;
to this republican people. Sir, so to bestow this propeity, j
to pas.-this bill as it now stands, without the amendment,
will he an outrage upon the rights as well as upon the feel-
ings ofthe Amencan people.
''Mr. Wai.khi, ot Mississippi, [H, J. W.tlkei,] was
entirely opposed to the adoption of any such amendment.
It not only excluded aliens that had been driven by op-
pression, to seek a shelter among us, but would also pre-
vent those who voluntarily sought homes m tin*, the
countty of then adoption. It savored too much of the old
alien and sedition law to meet his encouragement. He
pointed to eases whete the bounty of the Government had
been extended to foreign* rs; and cited the case of the ex-
iled Poles. lie alluded, also, to the number of foieigners
that had ho warmly espoused the American cause at the
time of the Revolution, and had so freely shed their blood
m defense of her rights, during the late war with Great
liutnw.
"Mr. Norvem,, of Michigan, said the Senator from
Maryland, had asked whether we were to be called on to
bestow this bounty on foreigners, upon the foreign paup'-is
from Euiopc ? Sir, if foreign emigrants will come among jj
us, clear our lands, diain our marches, and plant the soil h
with wheat and corn, what possible objection could be ij
made to allowing them thus to contribute to the population 1!
and wealth of the country ? '|
Mr. Bknton, of Missouri, said he was entire, Iv opposed j
to the amendment of the Senator limn Marjland, [Mr. .
Merrick ] It pioposed something new in our legislation, ,
It proposed to make a distinction between aliens and citi ;
zens in the acquisition of property. Preemption nghls had i
been granted since the formation of the Government; and [
no distinction, until now, had been proposed between the i
persons, or classes of persons, to whom they were granted, j
No law had yet excluded aliens from the acquisition ot a j|
preemption right,and he wasentiielyopposed tocommenc- j
ing.a system ot legislation which was to affect the property- | j
rights of the aliens who came to our «ountiyto make it ij
their home. Political right*, rested on a different basts. j;
They involved the management of the Government, and it '1
was riyht that foreigners should undergo the process of 1
naturalization before iln'y acquired the right of sharing in
the Government. Hut the aceut-.-iuon of properly was an-
other affair. It was a private and personal affair. It in-
volved no question bur th.it o{ ;ho subsistence, the suppoi t,
and the eomfoitable living of the alien and Ins lanuij-.
'* Mr. Brett\nan, of Pennsylvania, piobably should not
have sod a word upon the subject had it not been for the
amendment which (Kid been ottered by the Senator fiom
Maryland, [Mr. Mernck j This amendment proposed to
make an invidious distinction, which had never been
made heietofore m our legislation, against foreigners who
had settled upon the public hinds, ,md had not been nat-
unlr/ed prwir to the first day of December last Whilst
it gi anted preemptions in such cases to our own citizens,
it excluded these toreigners. Why had this change
h-en proposed in on1* settled policy? He had observed
with regret that atiernpH were now extensive ly making
throughout the conntiy to e-vnie wha* was called a Na-
tive American feehn«  against those who had come fiom
a foreign bind to naitjciu^te th" bl"-?ings of our free
Constitution. Such a feeling was nnpist—it was ungrate-
ful. in the darkest days of the devolution, who had as-
sisted us in fighiiug oui battles ami achieving our inde-
pendence? Foreigners, yes, sir, foreigners. He would
not say, for he did not believe, that our independence could
say tire struggle would liave been longer and more doubt-
ful. After the Revolution, emigration had been encouraged
by our policy. Throughout the long and bloody wars in
Europe, which had followed the French "Revolution, tins
country had ever been an asylum for the oppiessed of. all
nations. He trusted that at this late day the Congress of
the United States were not about to establish, tbr tne first
time, such an odious distinction as that proposed between
one of our citizens, who had settled upon the public lands,
and his neighbor, who had pursaed the same course under
the faiih of your previous policy, merely because the neigh-
bor had not resut-d long enough within the United States
to have become a naturalized citizen. He was himself the
sou of a naturalized foreigner, and perhaps might feel this
distinction the more sensibly on that account. He was
glad the yeas and nays had been demanded that he might
record his vote against the principle proposed by the amend-
ment
•'Mr. Youno said: But, sir, the object of this amend-
ment of Jhe honoiable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Mer-
rick] is to exclude foreigners not naturalized from the ad-
vantages held outby this bill to native citizens,and to such
as have been naturalized. I, sir, can never consent to this
distinction. By the constitution and laws of Illinois, the
State of my adoption, foreigners may vote, they may be
ebcted to offices ot the most important character, and are
mad« capable of purchasing, holding, enjoying and again
transferring leal estate, by will or otherwise. Yes, Mr.
President, I have seen a foreigner, not naturalized, ametn-
berofour State Legislature, enjoying all the priviiegesot a ,
native citizen. Many of them are my acquaintances and
friends, and I cannot vote against them. 1 hope, therefore,
Mr. President, that the amendment may not be adopted.
Thus spoke the leading and distinguished Dem-
ocrats who occupied these seats in June, 1838, upon
the question which, in spirit, and almost m form,
is now before us. There was another Senator,
an esteemed friend of mine, well known through-
out the whole Republic for the talent and states-
manship which he exhibited during a series of
years, both in this and the other House of Con-
gress, and to whose views on this subject, I beg1
respectfully to call the attention of my friend from
Alabama, [Mr Clay,] knowing, as I do, that they
will have great weight with him:
''Mr. Clay, of Alabama, expressed his astonishment at
the motion of the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Merrick,] to
exclude foreigners settled on the public lands from the right
of preemption That honorable Senator, Mr. Clay said,
could not be aware that his amendment, if adopted, would
go to change the whole policy of the Government hereto-
fore toward that unfortunate class of individuals. That
policy, Mr. Clay said, had commenced more than twenty
years ago. hi the year 1817, Congress passed alaw setting
apait four contisruous townships of land for the French
emigrants, who had followed the fortunesof Napoleon; and
been driven from their own country by the last disastrous
battle of that great chieftain. Carrying out in practice the
theory that our own free country is the asylum of the op-
pressed of all others, Congress, by the law alluded to, had
authorized the grant ot these four townships to these un-
fortunate exiles, on better terms than land was sold to our
own citizens; that is, not only at the then minimum price,
but on acredit of fouiteen years.
"Ajjatri, on a moie recent occasion, when the liberties of
unhappy Poland had been cloven down by the powei of
despotism, and many of her unfortunate sons had sought a
refuge m the only "land of the free," Congress had granted
thtity-six entire sections of land to two hundred and thirty-
five of her exile*, on the payment of the minimum price m
ten years. Indeed, Mr. Clay remarked, the Senate had gone
so far in this ease, as well as he recollected, as to pass the
hi!! last ailuded to in such form as to make the grant a pure
donation; but the House had very properly modified the
bill so as to require the payment of the minimum within
ten years Mr. Clay said he was not disposed to put for-
eigners on a better footing than native citizens, but be was
far from a disposition to exclude such as were cultivator*
of the public lauds, and had thus given evidence of their
intention to reside permanently amongst us from the ben-
efits common to others, especially wl#*n the laws of most
of the States allowed them to become landholders. He
wa«, he said, in favor of making our own country emphat-
ically what it professed to be—a refuse and a home lor the
oppressed of all other countries—an a«j him for every for-
! eitjner who might be driven into exile by the hand of ty-
i ranny,
1 "Mr. Clay made other remarks against the adoption ofthe
, amendment offered by the Senator fiom Maryland, urging
1 if rejection, and expressing the earnest hope that Congress
! would not now depart from the liberal arid humane policy
"which had heretofore characterized its legislation."
i The following are the yeas and nays on Mr.
. Merrick's amendment:
! "Yeas—Messrs. Bavaid, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
! Crittenden, Knight, Merrick, Prentiss, Preston, Rives,
Robbius, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Spence, Talhnadge,
j and Tipton—15
" Nays—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
: Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cnthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
j flubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Lyon, Mouton, Nicholas,
! NiIps, Norvell, Pierce. Roane, Robinson, Sevier. Walker,
i Webster, White, Williams, Wright, and Young—26."
1 Mr. President, there is, it seems to me much in-
' struction in this debate. It is a correct rule to
■ reason of the future by the past. Sir, have any
1 of the gloomy predictions of Mr. Merrick, or
fhose who voted and spoke with him, been real-
; izetl by the passage of those laws which they re-
: stated so determinedly, especially their lugubrious
liut piv j mi ur um inn uciiv vr, uiau'ui iriucprini«;ii^c in j . _ _ y ' i ■/ >-
not have been established without their aid; but he-would vaticinations respecting the14 foreign paupers
