808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 30,
That is where the men learn the life of the sea.
There are to be found the men who can man your
ship.s-of-war, and carry your flag gallantly in the
harbor of Smyrna, or in any other harbor on this
habitable globe.
In this connection, sir, and while the Secretary
of the Navy is exhausted and nonplussed, and
while your ships of war are lying idle in the
harbor of New York, you want strong arms and
brave hearts to man these ships. I will say that
it is on the northeastern coast that such men are
to be found. And yet, sir, our Secretary of the
Treasury—and I hate to refer to him, for he is
my favorite officer in the Government—asks you
to abolish your bounties on fishing vessels, which
is the very school where the personnel of your
Navy is made, tmined, and educated. Now, sir,
I do not know but that the rich valley of the Mis-
sissippi, with the hundreds of steamers on her
river, produces brave and gallant men. I have no
doubt but these steameis are manned by able men
and skillful engineers. But, in my judgment,
they are no more fit or suitable to man our Navy
than our agriculturists would be. And, in this
connection, sir, I say, that while I, for one, care
not where these vessels are built, yet it is to be
borne in mind that the proper relations between
the materiel and the personnel of our Navy are to
be guarded and provided for.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
amendment to the amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Mr. Chairman, is an
amendment—in the nature of a proviso—to the
first section now in order?
The CHAIRMAN, An amendment to the
amendment is alone in order. There is an amend-
ment pending, offered by the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Phillips,] on which tellers have been
demanded.
Mr. GROW. Is an amendment to that amend-
ment now in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir; it is in order.
Mr. GROW. I move to strike out the woid
" two " in the amendment, and insert the word
" one."
Mr. Chairman, on the 3d of December, 1847,
this Government made a contract with the Collins
steamship company, as it is called, for building
four first-class steamers, to he used in time of war
as whips of our jNavy. We paid a large amount
for the transportation of the mails, with the privi-
lege of taking the vessels at cost, should we need
them. The Government made another contract
for the transportation of the mails between New
Yoik and New Orleans with Messrs. Sloo &
Co., for furnishing five steamships under similar
conditions. Then, in ]85;>, we increased the an-
nual appropriation to the Collins line $S2:i{ ,500,
making the amount of money now paid to that
line ot steamships $858,000 per year. This last
appropiiation was made on the condition that the
(loveinment should be at liberty to teimmate the
contract at any time after the 1st December, 1854, '
by giving six months' notice. Now, sir, I am op-
posed to voting any money out of the public
Tiensury for any increase of the Navy of the
United States, until this notice to annul the con-
tract with the Collins line of steamers has been \
given. Let us get rid of that contract as soon as !
possible. We can get rid of the last amount by 1
giv«is: six months' notice to terminate the arrange-
ment, though we cannot get rid of the whole of
the contract until the period for which their ser-
vice was engaged terminates.
Mr. BOCOCK. What has all that to do with :
the bill under discussion? j
Mr. GROW. I will tell you what it has to do
with it. This was a plan of furnishing the coun- ■
try with war steamers in case of need. It was
the sole reason urged by its advocates, and the !
only ground upon which the contract was mode.
It was the cheapest and best mode, as alleged by 1
its friends, to build up a Navy to be used by the j
country m time of danger. And while we are I
appropriating annually this large sum of money
by which it was intended to furnish the coun-1
try with war vessels, why should we go on now I
and appropriate three millions of dollars for the !
building of steam frigates' If these mail ships are
suitable for the purposes designed in the contract,
then it is unnecessary; if not, the sooner we are
relieved from those appropriations the better. We. :j
should first curtail this expenditure and cut it off)
before making any addition to it. Let our Navy II
be reorganized, so that when additional vessels
are built, we can have an efficient corps of active
men to man them—not men who have been wait-
ing orders here for the last thirty years, and have
not during that time seen service, and have now
reached the years illy fitted to brave the battle and
the storm; let us have young and active men,
imbued with all the ideas of the age, with ideas
in keeping with a progressive republicanism and
an advancing civilization.
Now, your squadron goes forth into the Med-
iterranean, and having nothing to do, loiters in
its bays; and under the present discipline and re-
gimen, your officers spend their time ill dining with
the satraps along its shores, drinking healths to
their sovereigns, and lauding almost every nation
on the earth save their own. If it is necessary
that this vast number waiting orders should be
quartered on the Government, then let us have a
retired list, so as to open the avenues of honorable
distinction to manhood, before old age has chilled
its ambition and palsied its energies. Let service
and promotion be thrown open to efficient men,
like Captain Ingraham, the only man who has
gone forth in the last quarter of a century and
maintained the nationality of his country, and
breathed into the decaying nationalities of the
Mediterranean the true spirit of American laws
and institutions.
Let us dispense in some way with these " old
fogy" commanders who have remained on shoie
until they have lost all their knowledge of useful
service, and are even frightened by the smell of
sea-breezes. Let their places be supplied by effi-
cient men; and when you have secured such,then
build your vessels; for, till you do that, we have
enough already. But before entering upon a new
system of expenditures, let us dispense with the
old; for our Navy now is the most expensive of
any in the world, of its size.
First, then, let us get rid of the expenditures
under the act of 1852, for furnishing the country
with a Navy, by a copartnership with private
companies. It is not onlya wasteful expenditure
of money by the Government, but a gross wrong
to the citizen; and then let us get rid, as soon as
possible, of all contracts like these. This Gov-
ernment has no business to come in, with its
strong arm, to aid one class of citizens in compe-
tition with another in the same business, and es-
pecially m the carrying trade of nations, where it
requires a large investment of capital, and long
experience; a business to which men have de-
voted their lives, and in which is invested their
all.
It is a kind of protection more odious than that
given to the rolling mill and cotton factory, be
cause more exclusive, and every man knows that
that is odious enough. The Government has no
right to extend its hand to interfere in the busi-
ness relations of life. Let the citizen regulate his
own business under the laws of trade, with no
competition but that of superior skill and in-
dustry.
I have made these remarks, Mr. Chairman, in
order to give briefly the reasons why 1 shall vote
agiiinst the bill, anil against any appropriation to
build new ships until I see some way to put an
end to these enormous expenditures, ostensibly
for the purpose offurnishing war vessels, and until
there is some reorganization of the Navy, adding
to the efficiency of its personnel, by permitting the
activity and the energies of manhood to take the
place of decrepid age.
Mr. BOCOCK. If I understand the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, he takes ground of opposi-
tion to this bill because the Government of the
United States, some time ago, made certain con-
tracts with Collins and others for the establish-
ment of lines of mail steam-ships. Does the gen-
tleman mean to say to this House that they are
efficient ships for the Navy? Does he mean to
tell the House that he voted for those contracts?
Mr. GROW. No, sir, not at all.
Mr. BOCOCK. Then h e means to say that the i
contracts are good for nothing for the Navy; and j
becauseother Congresses have chosen to do wrong j
he comes now and says we shall have no increase I
of the Navy until this wrong is righted. He would !
inflict upon the country airinjury for the wrongs '
which, he says, former Congresses have done. Is '
that the policy of a statesman? Does the gentle- j
man say that we do not need shins? By no j
means. On the contrary, he intimates that we do I
need ships. But because the Government has
made contracts with Collins and others, utterly
worthless to the Government, therefore, though
the country needs protection for her commerce,
and her citizens, nothing more should be done by
this Congress until those contracts are disposed of
and kid aside.
Sir, I never voted for the Collins line of steam-
ers. A great many members of the House never
voted for it; and, I dare say, it never could pass
this House. But it is one thing to undo what has
been done, and another thing to provide for pres-
ent necessities. But suppose Congress will not
undo what former Congresses have done; will
you let the Navy rot down from year to year.
In reference to the other matter to which the
gentleman alludes, I will state here that the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs in this House, some weeks
ago prepared a bill for the reorganization of the per-
sonnel of the Navy, and a more thorough one than
any heretofore presented. 1 do not know that it is
all right, but it will be before the House, and that
gentleman and others will have an opportunity to
discuss and amend it. But while we are about to
introduce a bill to reform the personnel of the Navy,
I ask the gentleman to tell me, in his fling at the
officers of the Navy, when did an officer of the
American Navy ever disgrace the flag of his
country' Perhaps they drink too much wine.
Many of them have waited too long on land, be-
cause they could not get ships to ajo to sea in.
But I want the gentleman to tell me, when you
have called them into your service; when you have
placed the honor of the country in their hands;
when you have given them the flag of the country to
uphold in time of war, or in time of danger, when
did you ever know them to fail? Sir, it is a glo-
rious fdctin the history of the American Navy that
there have been no traitors among them. In the
other arm of your service it has been different; but
a traitor in your Navy is entirely unknown.
I agree with the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Fuller,] that some reform is needed in reference
to the naval officers and men. At a proper time
I propose to bring up a measure in respect to the
personnel of the Navy; but that is a distinct ques-
tion entirely. The question is, do we want these
ships? I think we do, and 1 think the House
are of the same opinion. I hope, therefore, we
shall take the vote as soon as possible.
The question was taken on Mr. Grow's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. HENN. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to rise.
The question then recurred upon the adoption
of Mr. Phillips's amendment, upon which tellers
had been demanded.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the following
amendment, which 1 desire to have added to the
section in the shape of a proviso:
Provided, That in Hie mean time, to*enab!e the Secretary
of (he Navy to fit up for «-?e voxels already built, ami to
obtain efficient seamen at whatever rate of wages he may
find it necessary to pay, he is authonzed to u>e such por-
tion of the appropuatiou made in this hill as may be neces-
sary.
Mr. Chairman, I hope the committee will adopt
this amendment. If this bill passes, I understand
the steamers we propose to have constructed will
not be finished under one, and perhaps two years.
In the mean time we have, I understand, some
four or five vessels lying idle in our navy-yards,
some of which in two or three days, and others
in three or four weeks, could be made ready to do
efficient service. The reason why they do not go
to sea now is, I learn, because the Secretary of
the Navy cannot obtain seamen to man them. He
is authorized to pay only twelve dollars per
month, while as high as thirty dollars or forty
dollars a month are paid for efficient men in the
merchant service. 1 am disposed, therefore, in
ca&e it should be necessary for him, at any time,
to send out one of these ships, to authorize him to
obtain efficient seamen at whatever rate he finds it
necessary to pay. I am in favor of increasing the
wages of the men employed in our naval ser-
vice.
I voted in favor of a proposition of this sort at
the last session. We pay the pages in the Hall some
