1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 'GLOBE.
sixty dollare per month; and we increased it by
a two-third vote at the last session to more than
&12i) per month. I think, therefore, if a proposi-
tion of that kind could pass the House by a two-
tlnrd vote, we shall have 110 difficulty ill gelling
the pay ot these seamen raised from twelve dollars
a monih to twenty or thirty dollais.
Mr. PHILLIPS. To what amount does the
gentleman understand sailors' wages are limit-
ed?
Mr. CLINGMAN. Twelve dollars.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Secretary of the Navy
has the riahi to pay eighteen dollars.
Mr. BOCOCK. Such is the fact.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Ihen it would be in pro-
portion as one to eight. I understand on the best
authority that we have several ships now lying in
port which cannot be s;ot to sea for the want of
men. It is very well known that the Japan squad-
ron was detained for many months, at great loss
to the service, because we could not get seamen.
And though the Secretary is authorized to raise
seven thousand men, yet he cannot get anything
like that number, because of the low rate of"
wages.
I understand that first-rate seamen get thirty
dollars and forty dollars per month in the mer-
chantservice. What! propose by thisamendment,
then, is simply that the Secretary of the Navy
shall be allowed to pay such rates as he finds ab-
solutely necessary to man the ships already built,
and send them to sea. if he had had that power
when the steamer San Francisco was understood
to be lost, he might have been ready to send a ship
out for her relief. It is utterly impossible, how-
ever, that this can be done at the present low rate
of wages; and I hope, Mr. Chairman, that my
amendment will be adopted.
Mr. BOCOCK. I wish to state the fact that
this amendment will operate nothing, because,
under the law now existing, the Secretary has the
right to pay any amount of wages under eighteen
dollars per month. He has been usually held
down to ten dollars per month. He proposes now
to pay twelve dollars per month; and he informs
the Committee on Naval Affairs of this House
that the only difficulty in his way is, that our
friends of the Committee of Ways and Means
hold the purse strings a little too tight on him.
Unless we get their assistance, we can accomplish
nothing.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 intend to move to in-
crease the §3,000,000 to such an amount as may
be necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
the amendment; but do not propose to make a
speech against it. I wish merely to inquire of the
gentleman from North Carolina whether the honor
of this Government, orthe interest of the people of
the United States, requires at this time that a sin-
gle ship should be sent to sea? If either require
it, to what point should it be sent?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man in a moment. It is very well known that we
thought the interest of some of our people d id re-
quire it a few weeks or months ago; and is my
friend prepared to say that it will not be necessary
in the next eighteen months or two years? i wish
to make a provision in advance of the building of
these steamers, which certainly will not be ready
within a year.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You will have to
drum up an enemy to whip if you send vessels
out. [Laughter.]
Mr. PECKHAM. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was taken; and the motion -was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes 65,
noes 52.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly the
Special order, being House bill (No. 521 " to au-
thorize the construction of six first-ci-js steam
frigates, and for other purposes, "and hf.d come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the House do now
adjourn. ,
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
half-past three o'clock, p. m.) the House ad-
journed until to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 31, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Sliceii.
Tiie J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, this being
private bill day, I believe it is not in order for any
of the committees to make reports; but I ask, as a
personal favor to me, that the Committee on Naval
Affairs be allowed to make a report on a private
j bill, in which a constituent of mine is deeply inter-
ested, simply that it may be placed upon the
Calendar.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection
the report from the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to which the Senator from Florida refers, will be
received. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. GWIN. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Robert Joyner, naval storekeeper at
the Pensacola navy-yard, praying to be relieved
from his accountability for sundry articles of cloth-
ing and small stores missing from the public
stores, to report a bill for his relief.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I ask the gen -
eral consent of the Senate to take up the deficiency
bill to-day. I think we can dispose of it to-day
if we will devote the day to it. 1 hope it will be
the general pleasure of the Senate to take it up.
i Mr. GWIN. If this is not objection day for
| private bills, I am in favor of the suggestion made
i by the Senator from Virginia.
j The PRESIDENT. Objection day, according
i to the rule, is the first and not the last Friday of
the month.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Senator from Vir-
ginia asks unanimous consent to have the defici-
ency bill now taken up. Is there any objection?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I feel embarrassed about
thi3 matter. I am chairman of the Committee of
Claims, and many gentlemen are coming to me
every day asking for the consideration of private
bills. If there is any great, pressing public neces-
sity for considering the deficiency bill now, and
if there is a general understanding that Fridays
hereafter shall be devoted to the consideration
of private bills, 1 will yield to what may be the
general sense of the Senate on this question.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the first private bill
day on which I have asked for the consideration
of any bill from the Committee on Finance; and
i believe I shall probably not ask another until
towards the close of the session.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator's recollection is not
very perfect. If I am not very much mistaken, I
think there has been hardly any Friday on which
the Senator from Virginia has not asked that pri-
vate business should be postponed. Such is my
recollection. Individually 1 have no objection to
granting the request of the Senator from Virginia;
but there is a private bill pending which has been
discussed at length, and I do not know that it is the
intention of anybody to discuss it further. I have
no objection to allowing the bill referred to by the
honorable Senator from Virginia to be taken up,
with the understanding that whenever the Senate
during the day shall be full we shall take a vote
upon it. I refer to the bill for the relief of Hodges
& Lansdale, and the legal representatives of Ri-
naldo Johnson and Ann E, Johnson, deceased.
There is hardly a quorum present, or 1 would ask
that the vote be taken on that bill now; but with
the understanding that we can suspend the con-
sideration of the deficiency hill at some period
during the day, for the purpose of voting on that
bill, I am willing to yield all the objection which
I had. . ,
Mr. HUNTER. I am m the power of the Sen-
ator from Maryland, and 1 have no right to make
understandings for the Senate. I can only say
j that, so far as I am concerned, if the Senate will
I allow me to have the deficiency bill taken up, I
i will give my quota towards granting the general
! consent of the Senate for the purpose of taking
up the other bill, if such be the pleasure of the
^Mr! PRATT. If that be the understanding, I
am willing that,the deficiency biU-gbati -be token
Up. _ :
Mr. HUNTJSR. I hope, then, 'that the defi-
ciency bill wili be taken up. " ' ,
Mr. PRATT. With the understanding that
we can vote on the other. ■. • .
The PRESIDENT. Then the Chair under-
stands the Senator as objecting to the considera-
tion of the deficiency bill. _ J ;
Mr. FOOT. I desire to call for the considera-
tion .of a bill from the House, which is on ,the
Private Calendar, granting a .small .pension.to the
widow of Brevet Brigadier General Leavenworth.
It .is a House bill which came to thi^ body, was
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and re-
ceived the unanimous approval of that, comjmtt.ee.
I will state further, that if there is any objection
to it, and if it is likely to lead to discussion, I ftjll
consent that it shall be put aside, for I do not wish
to interpose any debatable question in the way of
the consideration of thebill referred to by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, which has heretofore been
pending on private bill days, and is now the first
upon the Calendar. Presuming, however, that
there will be no objection to this bill, I ask for its
consideration now, as one of pressing importance.
Mr. GWIN. I did not hear a single objection
to taking up the deficiency bill from any quarter.
The PRESIDENT. The Ghair understood,
from the course pursued, that the Senator from
Maryland  .
Mr. GWIN. I am sure that the Senator from
Vermont will not object to taking up the deficiency
bill.. This bill may be taken up at some subse-
quent period of the day.
Mr. FOOT. It will not take a minute.now.
Mr. STUART. If we are to go on with the
Private Calendar we had better commence in order.
Mr. HU NTER. The danger is that if we take
up one private bill others will ask their bills con-
sidered. If the Senator from Vermont will give
way now, I think he will find no difficulty in
getting up his bill during the morning hour on
Monday next.
Mr. FOOT. I hope the Senator does no.t un-
derstand that I object to the consideration of the
deficiency bill.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inquire of
the Senator from Maryland, whether h,e objected '
to proceeding to the consideration of the defi-
ciency bill?
Mr. PRATT. I thought the understanding
was, that the deficiency bill should be taken uji,
with the further general understanding upon the
part of the Senate that when it shall become more
full during the day we shall suspend that bjl!
temporarify, merely for the purpose of taking a
vote upon the private bill to which I have referred,
and which has been debated in the Senate for tjie
last two Fridays. ,
Mr. HUNTER. Then I understand there is
no objection.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair considers, then,
that there is no objection to taking up the defi-
ciency bill.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee df the
Whole, resumed the consideration of the bill'from
the House of Representatives to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1854, the pend-
ing question being on the motion of Mr. Hamlijj,
! to amend the following amendment of Mr. Thomp-
son, of Kentucky:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That, for custom-
houses, and to complete tlio same, the following sums  e,
and thfiv are hereby, appropriated:
F^r the purpose of completing the custom-house at St.
Louis, Missouri, $L00,000. «, i
To complete the custom-house at Mobile, Alabama,
865,000.
To complete the custom-house
at Cincinnati, Ohio,
^To complete the custom-house at Louisville, Kentucky,
^40 000
Tocdinplete thecustom-house at Bangor, Maine, $20,000.
To complete the custom house at Bath, Maine,
To complete the custom-house at WUmi gtoo,Pelaware,
®Fortte purchase of a site for a custom-house at Provi-
dence, Rhode Island, §24,000—
by- adding to it the following:
For the purchase of a new site for the custom house in
San Francisco, SJ350.000 ; and the Secretary of Hie Treasury
is hereby authorized, if in ins judgment tile public Hltepes
will thereby be promoted, to apply this appropriate?!!, and
as much as" may be necessary of former appropriations, for
