1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1667
with revolutionary designs, which these laws were
to throw upon the new Scales ? No, not one;
but on the contrary, these laws have been most
beneficent in (heir operation. They have contrib-
uted to bring us that hardy, industrious, and law-
abiding population with which the new States are
filled up. The foreign element is a respectable,
but not a controlling one. We are anxious in the
new Siates for its increase. We are those who
are to be most affected by this population, and
should be glad that the views and feelings of the
people of the new States and Terutones should
be allowed to goven in the enactment of such laws
as are calculated above all other* to bring us that
which we most want—population.
1 ask you, sir, if these foreigners can be allowed
in any numbers to go and settle upon, and buy
the ■public domain, and that, too, under the rights
ofpreeinption, which means preference over every
other person in the world, at $1 25 per acre, what
additional evil can result from granting them the
homestead privileges of this bill in common with
our own citizens? The homestead bill is not so
liberal towards this class ss are the preemption
laws; and as the latter have been found t<.  work
well m practice, I think we should be willing to
try the former. To those who are opposed to the
bill as applied to native-born Americans, hostile
, to it in any shape, it is quite unnecessary, it seems
to me, that they should wage this merciless war-
fare upon the section for the benefit of foreigners.
Mr. President, I should like to know of the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clayton,] or any
of those who coopei ate with him, when, and upon
what occasion, this much abused foreign popula-
tion has shown any disloyalry to the institutions
of this country? When, and where, have they
ever raised the standard of rebellion against its
Constitution or its laws? At no time or place, do
I believe they have ever done either; nor have I
- the most distant idea that they contemplated either
or any of these things. I remember that my
friend from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,] during the
last winter, alluded to some ebullition of feeling on
the part of moine of the Geiman population, I think,
of Cincinnati, which i myself regretted, but which
I attributed to others—to native-born citizens,
Abolitionists—such as those of the old Bay Slate,
and others who were so much disposed on a recent
occasion to give way to mob-vioience. I repeat
my solemn belief that there are no more loyal and
patriotic people than those foreigners who have
found their way to Iowa, Wisconsin, and other
western States. When the Senator from Kentucky
[JMr. Thompson] was iidiculmg the persons and
bodily formation of these men who happened to be
born on the opposite side of the ocean, I think,
if the scenes of the American Revolution could
have been brought fresl to his memory, if he
could have contemplated the Irish foreigner,
Montgomery, in his windir^ sheet—one of the
very first to strike and fall .'n the cause of our
then struggling and feeble country; had he re-
membered the services of Pulaski, Kosciusko,
DeKalb, Lafayette, and that host of other noble
spirits who flocked around our revolutionary
standard, and shed their blood upon almost every
battle-field, from Massachusetts to Geoigia, he
could not have found it in his heart to oppose, de-
nounce, and ridicule their countrymen in the man-
ner he did. The person of the Baron Steuben tnoy
not have been such in ail particulars as would
command the admiration of the Senator from
Kentucky, but it was one that faced the front of
War—one from whom the father of his country
was willing to receive that instruction in military
tactics which his early and imperfect education
had not given him an oppoitunity to acquire.
I know much of these people. I speak from
my knowledge of the great body of them when I
say before God and the Senate that I believe they
are as true, as loyal, as devoted to the institutions
of the country as any native citizens, and are
among the most ready to take up arms in its
defense. Look at your Adjutant General's reports,
compare the places of nativity of the soldiers who
enlisted in ye«ur Army during ail the wars from
that of the Revolution down to the recent war
with Mexico, and you will find a very large pro-
poition of them weie foreigners. I have lived in a
section of the country in which it has been neces-
sary at times to call for volunteers to repel Indian
hostility, and have never f.iund these people,
whether they had gone through the forms of natu-
ralization or not, backward in rallying m defense j,
of the country of their choice, and that too with- \
out hope of reward or emolument. |j
Although I differ from the honorable Senator Ji
from Delaware as widely as the poles upon almost j
every political question, I entertain a high per- ji
sonal respect for him, for his years and public ji
services, and my colleague, when a deh gate in the j
other House, caused one of the finest counties of i
our State to be named alter that Senator, in conse- h
quence of his friendship to iowa when a Temtoi y.
i was about to ask him, but I will not—i will
inquire of the most determined opponent of this
foreign-born population, if he will propose to repeal
our naturalization laws ?"For if it bean e>il those
laws produce it, and should be repealed, if those
laws aie to remain as they now pre, and emigra-
tion shall continue to pour into the country, I
humbly submit that it is much the wiser course
to adopt such measures as will cause these people
to feel the deepest possible interest in our country
and its institutions.
At present the fight is upon allowing them to
become the owneis of the soil, that sod which
many of them have fattened with their blood, as'
I know was the case in Wisconsin and Iowa.
Hete you fight them upon the simple privilege
of allowing them as your native-born citizens,
when they take their lives in their hands, and go j!
to Nebraska and Kansas, the right to become tne i!
1 owners of aquaiter section,after having complied ;]
■ with the- conditions of the law, and settled and ^
cultivated the land for five consecutive years. Is
! there any party, faction, or segment of a party,
except that misguided and pioscuptive faction,
j called " Native Americans ,5 or " Know-No-
j things,*' who have the hardihood or the courage
1 to pioposeto repeal the natuiahzation laws of the
United States? 1 sincerely hope and trust not1
i If there be, however, a party or a faction with
j such purposes, they should direct their guns at
j the naturalization laws. If these men are un-
, worthy to settle on your public domain and be
i allowed with others, who go with them, their
! fnends and neighbors, to acquire a homestead in
1 case you pass this bill or any other of a similar
character, then you should go further and repeal
your naturalization laws or increase the time re-
quired to twenty-one years. These are the pro-
visions which should be enacted, if this be a
: dangerous, a revolutionary, or an incendiary pop-
; ulation, which I deny in to!o. I undertake to say
j that nothing of the sort can ever be established ?
: There are some of them when they have arrived
here fresh from Europe, who have been imposed
| upon by Abolitionists and others, but when they
] understand, (as they readily do, for the larger
portion of them being educated, can read the
; Constitution, and the laws of the United States,)
they are willing to live up to the laws and comply
' with their requirements, and i undertake to say
i that in any State there will be found as fe\&m* ji
i stances of resistance to the laws of the land j;
among the foreign-born population of the country, j|
as m any other class. p
But our unparalleled increase is not be mainly
ascribed to emigration, nor should we be told that Ji
i this is a bill for the benefit of foreigners alone. ,j
The last census shows that of our whole popula- 'j
■ tion of 93,347,884, but 2,210,0:28 were born in ]
1 foreign countries. Rrom this, the mo?.t reliable j1
< data Tit will be seen that our increase is to be at- ;i
j tnbuted mainly to the productive and expansive ;i
j energies of the Anglo Saxon stock of this conti- j'
I nent—the same causes which impelled us foiward !'
: so rapidly in our early history, when emigration ;;
! was comparatively unknown. _ j;
: Mr. President, this homestead bill is the most t
misunderstood and most abused bill, in my opm- j!
ion, that has ever entered this body. The num- j,
■ ber of persons who will avail themselves of its ij
benefits is greatly exaggerated. It is spoken of ^
as a measure which will swallow up all the public i|
1 lands. My own belief is that it will cause more jj
. of them to be annually sold for cash than are now ■;
1 disposed of. I believe that its operation will be
highly beneficial to the new States and the Tern- \\
. tories, but equally or more so to the people of the jj
old States, and especially to that class who, whilst ;j
; they feed, and may be said to support, ail others, j'
' rarely, if ever, receive anything at the h^nds of j|
National or State Legislatures, other than taxa- jj
tion. 1 call the attention of the Senate to the fact j|
1 that, although we passed a liberal homestead law
giving three hundred and twenty acres to the
heads of families, and one hundred and sixty
acres to single settlers in Oregon, sVe ha^e recently
had, from that portion of the country, petitions
presented, requesting us to relieve some of them
of the provision requiring five years settlement
and occupancy, and asking to be allowed to buy
the lands. Those who become able prefer to buy
the land, rather than be compelled to live oirit for
five consecutive years without acquiring title.
I have a statement, though not by me, showing
that under the land system as it now exists, sell-
ing, as you have sold in Michigan, from the time
my distinguished friend [Mr. CassJ* went there
until the present time, it will take fitty-four years
to extinguish._within the borders of that State the
proprietorship of this Government, which lords it
over the people of the new States somewhat after
the manner of Great Britain over Ireland, selling
and exhausting all our resources to pay for its
land, without contributing a dollar towards the
support of our Government, or allowing our au-
thorities to tax their land to support State or
county government.
In Missouri, nearly two thirds of whose super-
ficial area remains public land, it will take, under
the present system, and at the rate of past sales,
sixty years to pass the title of her lands from the
United States to individuals, and thus make them
available for the support of the State govern-
ment.*
Now, sir, this being the condition of the public
land States, I ask you if any measure which has
for its object the encouragement of the settlement
of these lands with a hardy, industrious people,
who will find their way to them, will do us any
harm5 I think not; but, on the contrary, great
benefit. No one, I take it, will propose to repeal
the naturalization laws. Then is it not better by
liberal laws, to make them land-owning and tax-
paying citizens, than, by a different policy, to
keep them in your crowded cities? To state the
case, it appears to me, is to meet an affirmative
answer. Of all the capital in a new country, mus-
cle and bone is the best to develop its resources.
I feel an abiding confidence that the homestead
featu^ ingrafted upon our present land system,
will operate most beneficially, and will be felt to
a greater or less extent in all the ramifications of
society. It will give confidence and security to
those who are seeking to benefit their condition,
but are prevented from settling on the public do-
main because of the dread with which they look
to the sale of the land on which they may reside.
Of all the things the nearest and dearest to the hu-
man heart, is the desire to become the possessor
of a piece of our mother earth, it is the strongest
fe( ling which animates the human breast. The
♦Washington, May 1, 1854.
Sir : In reply to your inquiries of April 29, I have the
honor to inform yon that! have examined the returns of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, and find as fol-
lows :
The fir«t public *ale of lands in Alabama was made in
the ye<ir 1809. From that date to the 30th Juno last, a pe-
riod of forty-four year*, there was sold and located by land
warrants 12.5U.6:U> acres, and tinere remained undisposed
or 15,019 ,'>93 arres. Intimating the lwture bv the past, it
Wili requne, to depots of this remaining land, a period of
about tiny two >tars* , .
The lir^t public sale of land in Mississippi was made in
the > ear 1 d2U. From that date to the 30th- June 3a"t, a pe-
riod of thirtv-thr« o years, there was sold and located by land
warrants 10*094,527 acres, and there remained undisposed
ot y,(K^6."Ai acres. Estimating the future by the past, it
wiji rf-qu;rp, to dispose of tins remaining land, a period of
about twenty nine year*. .
! The first public .sale of land in Arkansas « nsmade m tne
. yeai 13^1 From that date to the 30th June last, a period
! of thirty-two years, there wa« «old and located.by land
: warrants r>.0.>2,S80 acres, and there remained undisposed
of 15 '/Q.x'ibS aeies. K.-tunaiing the future by the past, it
will require, to di^poMj of tlna remaining land, a period of
,ib.tut ninetv-mne years.
The first pubhc sale of land in Missouri was made in the
vear 1M8. From that date to the 30th June last, a period
of thirty-five years, there was sold and located by iand
warrants 13.105,500 acres and there remained undisposed
ot 2J.T^Hil acres. Estimating the future by the past, it
willrVquire, to dispose of tins remaining land, a pcuod of
about £i-\ty yeaii.
The fit st public sale of lands in Michigan was made in
the jear 1818 From that date to the 30ih June last, a pe-
riod or thirtv five ><jar<3, there was* sold and located bylaod
warrant 10",42).302 acres, and there remained undisposed
of 16.142,2y3 acres. Estimating the future by the past, it
will rctjiure, to djspofe of this remaining land, a period of
abonf fifty four years.
I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,
DAVID H. BVRR,
jDrauehtiinan Cnited Stq,i$s o(te%
Hon. A* Cs Dosse, United Stales Senate*
