100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 31,
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the report of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey was referred
to the Committee on Printing.*
PETITION.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the petition of
Henry Yates and Richard Mclntyre, praying for
permission to locate certain lands; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. FITZPATRICK, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Rhodes be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered, That the memorial and petition of Jacob Gid-
eon, praying compensation for past services in the execu-
tion of certain binding for the Navy Department, be with-
drawn from the flies of the Senate, and referredao the
Committee on Claims.
NOTICES OF BILLS. '
Mr. FITZPATRICK gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of the legal representatives of Joshua Kennedy,
deceased.
Mr. FISH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the business
of banking in the District of Columbia, and to
regulate the issuing and circulation of notes as
money.
.REPORTS FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Private Land Claims, to which was referred the
petition of John B. and Thomas Johnson, pray-
ing remuneration for expenses incurred in defend-
ing a defective titteto land from the United States,
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to which
wits referred the petition of Priscilla Prewitt, re-
ported a bill for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Uriah Prewitt, deceased; which was
read, and passed to the second reading.
Mr. ALLEN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred a bill for the
relief of Ira Baldwin, reported back the same
without amendment.
COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am requested by the Sena-
tor from Florida, [Mr. Mallory,] who is now at
his lodgings, to submit a motion to the Senate to
excuse him from serving on the Printing Com-
mittee. The state of his health is such that he
thinks he will be totally unable to discharge the
duties that will be devolved on him by that posi-
tion. I therefore submit the motion to excuse
him, at his request.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, f now submit a motion that
the President pro tempore fill the vacancy occasioned
by the honorable Senator's resignation.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Fitz-
patrick was appointed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, December 31, 1853.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Miljsdrn.
The Journal of Wednesday was read and ap-
proved.
REPORT OF THE COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting, for the information of the House, the
report made to that Department by Professor A.
D. Bache, Superintendent of the Coast Survey,
showing the progress of said work during the year
ending November 1st, 1853, with the accompany-
ing map prepared at the Coast Survey Office, in
accordance with the provisions of the act of Con-
gress, approved March 3d, 1853.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that that communi-
cation be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. It has been usual to move
the printing of an extra number of this communi-
cation. I do not recollect what the extra number
usually has been; but I will move that ten thousand
extra copies be printed, so that the subject may
go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I have a res-
olution which covers the gentleman's suggestion;
it is as follows:
Rewlved, That ten thousand copies of the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating the report of
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for the year 1853,
in addition to Ihe usual number, be printed ; Ave thousand
thereof for the use of the House, and the remainder for the
use of the CoastSurvey Office ; and thatthesame be printed
and bound with the plates, in quarto form, and that the
plates be printed under the superintendence of the Coast
Survey.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that ten thousand
extra copies be printed; and that that motion be
referred to the Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his resolution ?
Mr. STANTON. I do, sir.
The question was then taken on Mr. Houston's
motion, and it was agreed to.
OBSTRUCTION TO TRAVEL AT ERIE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. Speaker, I hold in
my hand an account of the proceedings of a large
meeting of citizens of the State of Indiana, held
at the city of Indianapolis, on the 24th day of this
month. I have not filed it with the Clerk, and
had it referred, as I might have done under the
rules of the House; but because of the weighty
character of the meeting, the distinguished posi-
tion of many of the gentlemen who took part in
its proceedings, and because of the character and
great importance of the question considered, I have
felt it my duty to present it directly and publicly
to the House, aiftd to ask that it be by the House
referred to the appropriate committee. The people
convened to make a proper "expression in regard
to the outrages at Erie, in breaking up a great na-
tional thoroughfare." I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the account of their proceedings
may be presented and properly referred.
For many days, mobs, and large bodies of armed
men, at and near the city of Erie, in the State of
Pennsylvania, have held, and by menaces, force,
and bloodshed, do hold and obstruct one of the
great channels of commerce and travel between
the east and the northwest; and now the property
and persons of the people may not in safety pass
that way.
By one of the resolutions of the meeting at
Indianapolis, " the attention of the General Gov-
ernment is earnestly called to the lawless inter-
ruption of commerce, and the public mails, by the
Erie rioters," "and Congress and the National
Executive are asked to take such action as may
be consistent with their delegated powers, to sup-
press the evil and prevent the recurrence of a
similar calamity."
JSir, this is not a matter of local interest and
concern alone. It is not alone a question between
the people of Erie and the railroad companies.
New York has an interest in the question- Indi-
ana and all the West is a party to it. It is now of
national importance and consequence. The fact
that the local authorities seem tosympathize with,
if they do not abet, this great public wrong, gives
it additional and thrilling interest and importance.
If companies of six, and seven, and eight hun-
dred armed men had invaded our borders, and
impaired our internal commerce, stopped our
mails, and hindered the free intercourse of our
people,.the attention of the nation would at once
have been arrested, and all the power of the Gov-
ernment commanded. Sir, the same article, sec-
tion, and clause of the Constitution which gives
I his Government power to repel invasions, confers
the power, and imposes the correlative obligation,
to suppress insurrections. I will not undertake
to say what lme of conduct the Government ought
to adopt ill this case, but I will say that its im-
portance demands a most careful and earnest con-
sideration. I therefore move that the report of
the proceedings of the meeting at Indianapolis be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. McNAIR. The Legislature of Pennsyl-
vania is about to assemble; and I have no doubt
that it will take this subject up for consideration,
so far as Erie is concerned. In my opinion, the
suggestion of the gentleman is not at all necessary,
so far as we are concerned in that State. I have
no doubt, though I cannot say so positively, that
Governor Bigier will make mention of the matter
in his message, and that then an immediate settle
ment of the difficulty will be had.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I can state
a reason, Mr. Speaker, in addition to that already
stated by my colleague, why this subject should
not be brought before the House at all. This
whole subject is at present before the supreme
court of Pennsylvania, and also before the dis-
trict court of the United States, sitting at Pitts-
burg. They have ample jurisdiction to decide
this whole question in accordance with the laws
as they now exist.
The gentleman from Indiana, as I have been
informed, is entirely in error in regard to the na-
ture of the whole case. The facts, as I have been
informed, are simply these: This railroad, which
passes through the county of Erie, was author-
ized to be constructed at a particular gauge—four
feet eight inches and a half—such as is author-
ized by the general railroad law of Pennsylvania.
In defiance of that law, this railroad company laid
down its rails at a gauge of six feet, in order to
accommodate gauges on different parts of the same
road, making a break in their road at some town in
the State of New York, by the name of Dunkirk,
instead of at Erie, where it ought to be. The six
feet gauge was authorized to be brought into the
town of Erie on one side, and carried forward on
the other side, at a gauge of four feet eight inches
and a half. Therailroad company, in defiance of
this law, laid down the whflle track at a gauge of
six feet, and they have been thus the first aggres-
sors. I am informed that the people of Erie are
acting under the legal advice of some of the most
eminent counsel of the bar at that place, based on
information of all the facts in the case.
There are differences of opinion among different
counsel in different portions of Pennsylvania; but
the whole subject is before the United States dis-
trict court for the western district of Pennsyl-
vania, and before the supreme court of Pennsyl-
vania. I am informed that there will not be the
slightest difficulty in enforcing any order of the
courts. The parties will submit at once. It is
therefore entirely unnecessary to ask action of the
House in the matter;' and the proceedings in In-
diana must have been had under an entire misap-
prehension.
Mr. BOYCE. This is one of those accidents
to which the northern States are and will be sub-
ject, because they have not the institution of
slavery among them. [Laughter.] We from the
South are sorry for them. We have long since
seen this, and believe that it is only the beginning
tff the end. If we can do anything for the mem-
bers from those States, we shall be glad to do so,
for we of the South are conservative. You must
tell us, however, what we can do for you. At
present we can only offer you our sympathies.
It is one of those misfortunes to which you will
be exposed from having the whole of your popu-
lation made up of freemen. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICK. As a Representative, in part, of
the State of Pennsylvania, I think it incumbent
upon me to state the history of the origin of the
difficulty which has occurred in Erie county.
Originally, this road, from the State iine of New
York to the city of Erie, was constructed with a
six-foot gauge. An arrangement had been entered
into by the New York and Erie road with the
Northeast State Line road, to construct their road
from the town of Dunkirk to the State line of New
York, and thereby connect with the six-foot track
from the city of Erie. It seems to me that the
Lake Shore road 
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, (interrupting.) I rise
to a question of order. It is this: Is it in order
to enter into this discussion upon a mere motion
to refer the memorial from the State of Indiana?
The motion was made to refer, and, as I under-
stand the matter, it has been referred.
The SPEAKER. The memorial has not been
referred, and it is not in order to refer it, if there
be any objection. ■
Mr. DAVIS,oflndiana. Thismemorial ought
to be referred to a committee. But I object to the
wide range which this debate is about to take on
the Erie riots.
My colleague [Mr. Hendricks] presented this
memorial, and made a short explanation of its
objects and contents. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] has replied; now my only
object is to put a stop to this debate, which is clearly
out of order at this time. Let the memorial go to
the Committee on Military Affairs under the rule,
and upon their report the whole question involved
