810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
the erection of a custom-house on the land reserved for said
purpose, to the purchase of a building or buildings, tor a
custom-house and olhei public offices; and the said Secre-
tary of the Treasury is hereby directed to take all legal pro-
ceedings which may be necessary or advisable to maintain
and secure the possession and title of the United States to
the lot heretofore selected for the hito of a oustom-housp.
For the erection of a custom-house at Portland, Maine,
including rooms for the United States courts, and tor a post
office, $200,000.
Mr. ADAMS. I have no disposition to pro-
tract this discussion, but 1 beg leave to call the
attention of the Senate, for a moment or two, to
what seems to me to be an error into which many
Senators have fallen. Almost every gentleman
who has spoken in favor of the amendments now
pending, has agreed, at least, that it is bad policy
to insert in the deficiency bill such appropriations
as those proposed in the amendments offered, and
which will be offered hereafter, in relation to cus-
tom-houses. Senators admit that it is bad policy
to attach them to the deficiency bill, when the
sense of the House has been ascertained, by their
vote, to be opposed to them; but the excuse given
is, that the chairman of the committee having con
trol of this bill voted for an appropriation of
$500,000 for the water-works here.
Now, sir, I submit that this Government does
not belong to that Senator. He has no more in-
terest and no more right in it than any other
Senator here. 1 voted "differently from him in re-
gard to that proposition; but if he was wrong in
that vote, every other proposition of the same
kind (and it is said this is one of the same char-
acter) only adds so much moie wrong; and adding
wrong upon wrong never will make the bill right
in the world, in other words, because the Sen-
ator from Viiginia votes wrong it is no excuse
why others should vote for any proposition for
which they would not have voted, but for his
favoring the one which has been referred to.
The vote of one Senator is no excuse for another
doing wrong.
But, &ir, I have another objection to these
amendments. My own opinion is, that we ought
never, under any circumstances, when an appro-
priation is made for the fiscal year for any im-
provement, no matter what it may be, to make
another appropriation at the instance of parties
interested before the expiration of that year. The
parties came here originally asking for such ap-
propriations. They know very well, in many
instances, that if they were to make a true esti-
mate, and present to the consideration of Congress
the full amount of the expense, they never would
get a dollar appropriated; yet they make a very
small estimate, which they know to be insufficient
to answer the purposes, and the very moment they
get an appropriation through Congress the amount
is spent at once; and the cry is, as in this case,
"Here are public works which will go to ruin,
and the country wiil be injured, unless you make
an additional appropriation."
You often make an appropriation, believed to
be sufficient by Congress, to complete a work, and
represented to be so, which turns out to be barely
enough for a commencement. You appropriate
$ 100,000 here for any work of internal improve-
ment, with the idea that that is all which is to be
appropriated; but at the next session of Congress
you are asked for $500,000, and at the next for
$1,000,000, and so it goes on. I say it is bad
policy. You had better let your public works go
to rum than set the precedent of allowing Execu-
tive officers to spend a dollar more than is appro-
priated, or to make contracts, or commence build-
ings, or improvements, of whatever character they
may be, in a different manner from what was
intended by Congress.
Let these works remain until the regular appro-
priation bill. At the last session, Congress made
such appropriations as, in its judgment, were right
and proper for the fiscal year, and although it may
appear in some instances, and possibly may turn
out to be of advantage in a particular case to make
another appropriation before the regular period,
yet the precedent is a bad one. The agents of the
(jrovemment are under the influence of the citi-
zens of the different towns for which these appro-
priations are made, l take it for granted, in many
instances. And all experience shows—I know
nothing about these particular cases, and have no
reference to them—but I say, that all legislative
experience has shown, that if you make an ap-
propriation, the agents of the Government, instead
of conducting the impioveaients according to the
amount appropriated, will make them to suit their
own taste, and almost universally greatly exceed
the amount intended by Congress. I would rather
stop the works and suffer the necessary inconve-
nience following from that, than to encourage this
course of legislation.
Mr. G WIN With reference to the amendment
now pending before the Senate I wish to make a
few remarks, on a point upon which my colleague
commented yesterday, and that is, in regard to the
power asked hy the Secretary of the Treasury to
purchase buildings, as an alternative, if he cannot
get a site for the custom-house at San Francisco,
i have seen the Secretary of the Treasury, and
ascertained from him that he asks for this au-
thority for the purpose of preventing his being
placed in the power of persons who may make
combinations there to prevent him getting a site
at all for a custom-house.
But he has no idea of resorting to the purchase
of buildings there, unless it turns out to be indis-
pensable for the public interests to do so. He
has ascertained that it is very difficult to get a site
large enough upon which to locate a custom-house
building, because the ground belongs to various
individuals, and he may be subjected to the same
inconveniences as he is now in regard to the site,
unless a power is conferred upon him to put him
out of the reach of these combinations. He has
no desire, and I presume nobody has, to purchase
buildings there. We want a custom-house, and
the Secretary of the Treasury asks that this power
may be conferred on him in order that we may
get one. That is all.
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. 1 am not disposed to
enter into an elaborate discussion of this question;
but, before I vote upon the amendment which has
been submitted by the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, 1 desire to put myself right m reference
to the vote which I shall give. 1 did not discover,
when the amendment was first offered by the Sen-
ator, that it contained an appropriation for a cus-
tom-house in the State of Alabama. 1 was not
aware that it proposed any such appropriation
until 1 scrutinized it, while it was under discussion
yesterday. I take a lively interest in the appro-
priation which is proposed for the custom-house
at Mobile. It is one which both myself and my
colleague are exceedingly anxious should obtain
the sanction of Congress. But, sir, I have heard
enough fall from Senators to satisfy me that the
amendment now contemplated is out of place. On
a proper occasion it will enlist all my energies to
endeavor to get the sense ofthe body upon the pro-
pi lety and justice of the appropriation, so far as
that custom-house in Alabama is concerned. On
a proper bill, and on a proper occasion, I should
most strenuously labor to obtain that object; but
if we are to heed the admonition of the Senator
who has charge of this bill, [Mr. Hunter,] enough
has fallen from him to satisfy us that sufficient has
already been ingrafted upon the bill to break it
down.
It is perhaps not parliamentary to speak of what
has occurred at the other end of the Capitol; but
we cannot shut our eyes to the manner in which
the first deficiency bill was loaded down and de-
feated in the House of Representatives. That
was effected, to a great extent, by the identical
amendment which is now proposed to be ingrafted
upon it. In addition to the admonition given by
the Senator from Virginia, the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, who has control of the
bill, I have other guarantees and assuiances that
the amendment, if adopted by this body, will tend
to jeopardize the bill. Every Senator must be
aware that it will greatly embarrass the action of
the other House when it goes there to be acted
upon. All these questions have been considered
there: they have all, as I understand, been dis-
cussed, and they have failed to receive the sanc-
tion of the House of Representatives. Should
not then the Senate pause?
I am as anxious to have provision made for the
construction of the custom-house at Mobile as
any other gentleman is to have provision made for
his State; but the Representative who has the
matter especially m charge from that district, as
1 understand, is opposed to putting the amend-
ment to this bill. He is opposed to it now, not
because he does not want the appropriation made;
not because he thinks that we shall not ultimately
get the appropriation; but because he has a sol-
emn and deliberate conviction that if the amend-
ment be adopted to this bill it cannot receive the
sanction of the House of Representatives. In
addition to that, I understand that all the esti-
mates made by the distinguished gentleman who
is at the head of the Treasury Department are
now embodied in a general appropriation bill,
which will probably find its way into this body,
in two or three weeks. Hence I deem it to be
my duty to say, that in giving the vote that I shall
give, 1 do not, by any means, intend to repudiate
the appropriation which is intended to be made
for the custom-house in the city of Mobile, but X
do so from the deliberate conviction that the most
effectual way to obtain the appropriation is not to
prejudice it in the estimation of the Senate by
attemptingto place it in this bill; and to say further,
that it was included in the amendment without
my knowledge, privity, or consent, and I believe
I may say the same for my colleague, [Mr. Clay.]
i know nothing of the merits of the amendment
presented by the Senator from Maine. And I
say, very frankly, that when I was not fully in-
formed upon the subject, I was inclined to support
the amendment of the Senator from Kentucky;
for I took it for granted that all the appropriations
contained in it were legitimate, and that they
might, perhaps, with propriety be placed upon
this bill; but since I have inquired into the matter,
and learned the effect which it will have upon the
bill, and that it may ultimately, to some extent,
affect the appropriation, which is a proper one in
itself, I deem it my duty to vote against it.
Mr. BAYARD. I desire to suggest to the hon-
orable Senator from Alabama that I think he mis-
apprehends the facts of this case. Every one of
the custom-house appropriations included in the
amendment were separately sustained in the other
branch of the Legislature, and the fact as to
whether the bill was broken down on their ac-
count is a mere matter of conjecture. There were
other amendments which were considered objec-
tionable in the bill, and the bill was broken down
as a whole. 1 have no remarks to make on the
singularity of the proceeding. Every one of the
amendments was adopted as a part of the defi-
ciency bill by a decided vote, and I cannot see
that there is any reason to suppose that the House
will reject this bill because they are placed in it,
allow me to say, according to the recommenda-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury. He evi-
dently regards these as deficiencies. If they are
not proper deficiencies I cannot understand the
object and purpose of the bill. They relate to
precedent appropriations. They are to continue
works for winch precedent appropriations have
been made, and which, from an unforeseen in-
crease of cost, it is impossible to go on with under
the former appropriations. You must either sus-
pend the works a year, for the whole building
season, or make the appropriations now. The
question of time is more materia! as to these ap-
propriations than to any other appropriations m
the bill. If that is not a sufficient ground for put-
ting them in a deficiency bill, if the appropria-
tions are proper in themselves, I am at a loss
to see what is. This presents a singular fact.
Here is a Democratic Administration, with a Dem-
ocratic majority in the Senate, and a Democratic
majority in the House, and the Secretary of the
Treasury recommends these to you as deficien-
cies, and you propose to reject the recommenda-
tion without, as far as I have heard, a solitary
objection being made as to the propriety of the
appropriations themselves, or, indeed, without
any reason being given why they should not go
into the bill, except that it might hazard the bill
m the other House.
As regards the Secretary of the Treasury, allow
me to say that I differed from him certainly very
widely in the course which he took in reference
to the local disputes of New York. I regretted
it. I thought it an error of judgment., and i was
sorry that he involved the General Government
in any such contest at all; but most certainly as
regards a rigid adherence to law in the expendi-
tures from the Treasury, as regards the strict care
and disbursement of the Government funds, as
regards an undoubted integrity and attention of
the very highest character to all the duties of his
office, I know no officer of the Government with
whom he will not favorably compare; and 1 am
not disposed, under these circumstances, to entirely
throw aside his recommendation on a matter which
he has had fully before him, which he has fully
