1668
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBfe
July 10,
settlers upon the public domain in the new States
and Territories look with alarm at the appearance
of the United States surveyor, and with far
Greater terror to the proclamation of the Presi-
ent, ordering the lands oh which they have loca-
ed to be sold on a three months' notice.
Pass this .bill, and individuals who may settle
and reside upon public land for five consecutive
years, will get.their homes; others who are not
willing to wait so long a time can buy theirs
whenever th$y choose.
From calculations which have been made, I am
inclined to the opinion that not more than one
half the quantity of public lands annually disposed
of in the northwest, is purchased by those who
wish to cultivate it. An immense amount is now
being entered by those who doit exclusively from
motives of speculation. One of the excellent tend-
encies of this bill will be to check these specula-
tions in the public domain, and I am one of those
who think it almost a national calamity that the
four reported by Senator Walker, of Mississippi,
in 1836, and which passed this body, confining
the sale of all public lands to actual settlers, did
not become a law.
1 ask Senators, as American citizens, as those
who are disposed to .keep the country together,
and to sustain all its institutions, whether it is
better—no one proposing to repeal the naturali-
zation laws of the United States—that you should
keep the foreign-born population confined to the
. cities, discourage them from going to the frontier,
or allow them to spread out,and fuse in with,and
become a part of the population of the country?
Sir, their numbers, as I have before remarked,
are magnified. The census shows this very clearly
—shows that the number of foreigners in the coun-
try, and the probable number who buy the public
domain, is immensely exaggerated, Let no man
tell me that this is a bonus, or a bounty to revolu-
tionary Europe. Sir, your naturalization laws,
and your free institutions, the participation of for-
eigaers in the struggle which burst British ty-
ranny, and enabled' us to advance from colonial
dependence to our pi esent proud position—your
inter-communication by steam navigation—these
are the things which bring foreigners here, and
not your land system. A large portion of them
are mechanics and tradesmen who settle in cities,
'and will not, under your most liberal land sys-
tem, find their way to the frontier. No, sir, it is
not the lands, but the laws and free institutions,
that bring them here.
Sir, I have said that I think something is due
to the House of Representatives. That House, at
an early day, among the very first measures which
were passed at this session, sent us the home-
stead hill. It was sent to us at the first session of
a previous Congress. It was then lost, because
of a want of devotion on the part of its friends.
A proposition to establish ocean line steamers, to
increase their compensation, and other measures
of a like character, which have some speculation
and outside strength to support them, very easily
pass, and upon the shortest possible notice; but
look ai the time that we have had to consider the
homestead bill. To-day is the first time it has
been up for months. Sir, it is for a class, whether
they be foreigners or not, who are not able to be
represented here by lobby agents, and that class
of borers, who, I fear, are becoming more suc-
cessful than they deserve. It is a bill for those
who pay the taxes, who fight the battles of the
' country, and that, too, without any inducement
beyond patriotism; it is for the men who ralty for
the trifling pay which is given to the regular sol-
diers., at the first sound of war, and are ready to
march to the Rio Grande, orto other portions of the
country which mav be assailed by an enemy.
Mr. BROWN.' Mr. President, I may vote
against striking out this section. I rather think
I shall; and I wish to submit one or two observa-
tions in explanation of my present views. I do
not put the construction upon this section which
other Senators have placed upon it. My reading
of it is not the same as theirs. It provides:
- " That if nnv individual, now a resident of anyone of
the States or Territories, and not a citizen of ttie United
States, but, at the time of nuking sueli application loi the
benefit of this act,shall have filed a declaration of intention,
aa required by the naturalization lawsofthe United States
and shnll become a citizen f>f the same letorc the ifnuawe
oj thepatent, as made and provided for in this act."
" As made and provided for in this act." Take
that language in congestion with the rest of the
bill, and what do we ascertain ? The bill else-
where provides that the patent shall issue at the,,
expiration of five years. It is " made and pro-
vided" that it shall do so. It is clear to my mind
that if an alien born seeks the benefits of this act,
he can obtain them only on the condition of his
perfecting his citizenship in the five years. The
act only proposes t(^ hold the land in reserve for
him five years. In that time he may complete
his citizenship, if he chooses. If he fails, he
loses all rights under the act. He cannot receive
the title, because, having had the opportunity of
becoming a citizen competent to receive it, he has
voluntarily declined doing so. The means_ are
" made and provided" for him; and if he rejects
them, it is his own fault.
I think the construction placed upon the section
by some Senators, that a foreigner may continue
to reside on the land without becoming a citizen,
is not sustained by the language of the section.
If he has filed his declaration of intention to
become a citizen, and shall actually become so
within the five years, a patent shall issue to him,
just as though he were a native-born citizen.
That is all that the section means, according to my
reading of it. If he fails to become a citizen, at
the expiration of the five years he cannot receive
the title, and Government, having complied with
its part of the engagement, may, and doubtless
will, sell the land to any one else who may offer
himself as-a purchaser.
Now, sir, a few words as to grantmgf lands at
all to foreign-born people. I am, perhaps, as
much opposed as any gentleman in the Senate to
conferring political rights on foreigners, as long
as they are such; but when they have been natu-
ralized, when they have been, by our laws, placed
upon the same footing with American-born citi-
zens, then, and then only, am I ready to admit
them to all the rights of citizenship. But, sir,
during this session of the Senate we have made a
very marked exception to that genera] rule^ We
have, by the almost unanimous vote of theSenate,
authorized, in the two important Territories
which we have just organized—Kansas and Ne-
braska—foreign-horn people, who are not yet citi-
zens, to vote, and we have admitted them to all
the political rights of our own 4Vve citizens.
And now,sir,shall we hesitate when weareasked
simply to allow these same people to settle upon
a piece of public land? How can the mere fact
of a foreigner settling upon a bit of land affect the
political prosperity or property of the country.
How is it going to affect the political rights of
our people? His settlement there does not give
him the right to vote; it does not give him the
right to hold office; it confers upon him no politi-
cal authority. And as far as the mere occupancy
of the soil, it no more affects the rights of native-
born citizens, or the political rights of the country
one way or another, than if the man were back in
G#many or in Ireland. It is the right of suffrage,
the right to vote, and to hold office by the votes of
other foreigners like himself, that interferes with
our people and our politics.
We get a marked advantage from hsving labor-
ers employed on the public lands; and the labor
of a foreigner is quite as productive as though he
were a native-born citizen. Every bushel of corn
that he raises, every bushel of wheat, every
ounce of produce of every kind which he makes
by his labor, enters into the general wealth of the
nation, and to the same extent as though he were a
native-born citizen. Then, I say, that so far as this
bill goes, you grant him no right except the mere
right of occupying the land and cultivating it; and,
in return for this, he gives you all that a native-
born citizen would give you; he gives you the
products of his labor as an addition to the gen-
eral wealth. I cannot, myself, see the propriety
of first admitting foreigners to all the political
rights of American-born citizens, and then stop-
ping short when you are only asked to allow them
to occupy and cultivate the wild lands of the West.
If they are fit to vote and hold office, I hardly
think we shall be seriously damaged by allowing
them to mingle their labor with the soil which we
allow them to govern. If they do any part of the
voting, I am for getting as much work out of them
as possible; and if they have a fancy for cultiva-
ting the soil, I am clear for letting them do it.
i think there is a manifest propriety, when you
have admitted a man to political rights, that you
should provide for him in some way a home; and
thai, too, at the cheapest rate at which it can be
supplied. What is your interest, sir; what is
manifestly your interest towards these people *
whom you have allowed, by your legislation, to
vote in Kansas and Nebraska; and, 1 believe, in
all the other Territories? Jtis to settle them down,
to make them permanent inhabitants of the coun-
try, to stop their roving disposition, to get them
out of your cities and towns, and identify them
as early as possible with the soil. That, I believe,
is our true policy. If 1 could have had my wajr,
I never would have admitted these people to poli-
tical rights until they had been here long enough
to learn something of our laws, long enough to
learn and study and understand our Constitution;
but the policy of the country, as marked out by
the two branches of the Legislature, and sanctioned
by the President, has been different. It has beetrto
admit them to all the rights of citizenship, so far aa
voting and holding office in these Teiritories are
concerned. Now, I am notgoing to stop short and
say to a man, " though you may have the same
right to vote as a native-born citizen; though you
have the same right to hold office as a native-born
citizen, you shall not have the same right to occupy
the land; though you may govern, you shall not
occupy the soil. I see no propriety in this—no
reason for it. Why, sir, 1 would rather any sort
of a foreigner should occupy a quarter section of
land than it should be occupied by a wolf or a
bear. I would rather that any sort of a foreigner,
who would cultivate it, should occupy it, than a
savage. And this upon the principle which I
have already stated, that his labor is just as valu-
able as though it were the labor of a native-born
citizen. It is worth as much, and the products of
it will sell for as much in the market, and go as
far in subsisting the country . According to the
bill, you do not give him a title until he is a citi-
zen, and made so according to the laws of the land.
When he is made a citizen, then, I say, not only
in reference to this, Jjut in reference to all other
rights, I am for putting him upon a footing with
natives-born.
It is said many of these emigrants ate bad men;
doubtless, this is true. But will he be made a
better man by keeping him in a city or town?
The best thing that can be done with a bad man
is to put him to work, and, as long as you can
keep him at it, he will be out of mischief.
Upon the broad principle that one man's labor
is as good as another in raising corn, wheat, cot-
ton, rice, or tobacco, I am willing to see every
foreignergo to work on the public lands. When
he becomes a citizen iri the regular way, I would
admit him to all the rights of a citizen, political
as well as others. I would not give him the title
until he became a citizen; but if he wanted to
work the land, I would tell him to go ahead. It
would make a better man of him; and when he
come to be a citizen, he would love the land all
the more in which he had mingled his sweat.
You committed a grevious fault when you au-
thorized foreigners to vote and govern the coun-
try. You cannot atone for it by refusing them
the right to work the land which they govern.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. President, I do Dot de-
sire to enter into this discussion, but I wish to
suggest a few thoughts which occur to my mind,
as the reasons which induce me to vote to strike
out the sixth section. The whole of this ques-
tion has been brought upon us by an unnecessary
purchasing out of Indian title and the acquisition
of too much land in that way; and because our
population is not sufficiently large to occupy this
extensive country, we are seeking to divest our-
selves of this great possession, as we say, in the
best way we can for the Benefit of mankind. As
there are more lands within the limits of this
country than can be occupied by our people, we
are seeking out all manner of inventions to dis-
pose of it, and hence the present controversy. It
is not, a controversy between foreigners, and
American or native citizens. It is unjust to the
character of the country and to the respective par-
ties of this Confederacy, to charge this against
one or the other. It is, sir, a question of justice
between the foreign population and the natives of
the country. Like the Senator from Delaware, I
maintain that, if there be any property to be dis-
tributed, or any advantage in the administration
of bounties, the native American, the citizen of
the country, should be entitled to it. I maintain
that the man who has up to this period lived upon
