1853.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
will be legitimately before the House for discus-
sion.
The SPEAKER. TheChairunderstood that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] did
object to any action being had upon that subject.
The rule in such cases is, that the memorial must
come before this body by presentation at the
Clerk's table, and be referred under the supervision
of the Speaker.
Mr. ORR. I desire to say one word.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Dick] is upon the floor, and was
interrupted by a question of order.
Mr. ORR. I was simply going to suggest that
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] should
not raise a question of order upon the gentleman
From Pennsylvania. His colleague [Mr. Hen-
dricks] made a statement in reference to this diffi-
culty, eind it is but common justice that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania should be allowed to
make an explanation in reference to the same
subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Hendricks] made his remarks by the unani-
mous consent of the House, and the Chair was
not disposed to interrupt other gentlemen who
were speaking to the same subject.
Mr. DAVIS. When my colleague [Mr. Hen-
dricks] presented this memorial, he made a short
explanation of the facts contained in it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ritchie] then
replied to those statements at some length. Now,
this debate is taking a very wide range, and I
desire to know if such debate is in order, after
the explanation of my colleague, and the reply
thereto by the gentleman from Pennsylvania? Is
it in order to enter into a discussion of the whole
merits of these Erie riots?
The SPEAKER. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I perceive
that the gentleman, [Mr. Dick,] who is the imme-
diate Representative of Erie, is upon the floor. I
supposed, when I made my remarks, that he was
absent from town, and hence I interfered in this
matter. I hope the House will allow him to pro-
ceed with his remarks.
Mr. RICHARDSON. As I understand it, the
question upon the reception of a petition, raises
the whole merits of the question contained in it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that de-
bate is not in order, if objected to by any mem-
ber of the House; and that it is not in order to
present the memorial, if objected to. The Chair
understands that it has been objected to by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, and therefore there
is no question before the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish, then, that under
the supervision of the Chair, this memorial may
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
appropriation bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee ou Ways and Means, to introduce " A bill
making appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending the 30th June, 1855;" and I
move that it be printed, with the accompanying
papers, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
I am instructed, also, by the same committee,
to introduce "A bill making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mail, by ocean 1
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year end- j
ing 30th June, 1855;" and I ask that it be printed, j
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. _ 1
The question was then taken, and the bills were j
accordingly ordered to be printed, and referred to |
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the !
Union. j
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com- ;
mittee on Ways and Means to ask that they be j
discharged from so much of the estimates of the I
Secretary of War as relate to rivers and harbors, !
and that it be referred to the Committee on Com- j
merce.
Mr. EWiNG. I. object to that reference, and
would suggest that the reference be made to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 am perfectly willing that
the matter should go there; and my own judgment
was that it should take that co.urse.
Mr. EWING. I desire to say but a single
word, and give my reason for the reference I ask.
The Committee on Commerce for several Con-
gresses past has had this matter under their con-
sideration, and made reports upon the subject.
During the last Congress they reported a bill for
which 1 could not conscientiously cast my vote,
after having advocated the propriety and consti-
tutiosality of these appropriations during the
whole of my canvass at home. After the principle
announced by the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce the other day, as the principle which
governs them in these appropriations, I think
they demonstrate themselves as unfit for the duty
intrusted to them.
The chairman of that committee told us, with a
tone of exultation, that they were disposed to do
justice to all sections of the country, and in order
to accomplish this they made an arbitrary division
of these appropriations into three distinct parts,
for three distinct divisions of the country, without
reference to the wants of either of these sections
of the country—without reference to the constitu-
tionality or propriety of the appropriations to be
made. It is exactly under such a principle as that,
that nine tenths of the appropriations of doubtful
constitutionality have been made upon the Atlan-
tic sea-board, where millions upon millions have
been appropriated, with lavish prodigality, in the
history of the past, before the commerce of the
West had an existence; and now, as an arbitrary
division of the spoils is to be made to them, the
Big Sodusesand the Little Soduses must be hunted
up, and places which are not entitled to appropria-
tions, upon any principle of propriety or constitu-
tionality, must come in to receive their share of
such arbitrary distribution.
I insist that this subject shall go to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, composed, fortu-
nately for us who live in the Mississippi valley, of
a majority of men living in that valley. Under the
peculiar difficulties which surround this subject,
with our President not living in that section—i
offer it as an excuse for him, and not by way of
accusation—and, I presume, finding it impossible
to appreciate, understand, and sympathize with the
condition of things in that valley'—seeming—and I
will venture so far upon exegesis as to hazard that
expression—I say, with our President seeming to
disapprove of such appropriations upon the part
of Congress, and with the peculiar difficulties
which surround us, we claim, as I think we have
the right to do, that the committee having this
subject in charge should be, for once, constituted
favorably to making appropnations for the benefit
of the Mississippi valley.
I say the President seems to be opposed to these
appropriations. I labored through that part of his
message with some difficulty in respect to its in-
terpretation. I do not know but the whole docu-
ment furnishes, perhaps, a rather wide field for
exegetical criticism. I labored, however, care-
fully and laboriously on through that portion of
it which seems to refer to appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors—until I ar-
rived at that point where he seems to recommend
to Congress the levying of tonnage duties for the
purpose of making such improvements, and there,
as the navigators of western waters say," I struck
a fog, and had to tie up all night."
But, Mr. Speaker, I am not disposed to detain
the House at this time. I may, perhaps, at some
j future time present my views upon this subject
1 as briefly as possible, for 1 never make hour
speeches. I do not care to have my right to the
floor knocked off under the auctioneer's hammer.
I prefer to dispose of it by private transfer. I
say I may, perhaps, at some future time, if I can
get the floor, make a short speech upon this sub-
ject, in behalf of the small minority of this House,
laboring, as we are, under the weight _ of the
frown and disapprobation of the Executive. If
this subject is not sent to a committee whose pol-
icy, as already set forth, I fear would strangle it
in its infancy, I will unite, as far as my feeble
abilities will enable me, with those who are smug-
gling to enforce the just claims of the country from
which I come.
The question being first upon the motion to refer
to the Committee on Commerce, it was put, and
upon a division, there were 45 in the affimative.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the yeas and
nays
The yeas and nays were not ordered; only 21
members voting therefor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand tellers upon
the call for the yeas and nays.
A "Voice. Too late.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I have the right to de-
mand tellers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's right would
have been clear, if he had demanded tellers in time.
The Chair, however, will put the question ufjon
the call, if no one objects.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the Chair will allow me",
I will suggest to the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Ewing] that he allow this subject to go to
the Committee on Commerce for the present; he
can then move to reconsider, and the question can
come up some other day upon the motion when
the House is full. There is a very slim attend-
ance to-day, perhaps not a quorum, and there will
be difficulty in settling the question at this time.
There is other business which 1 hope will be at-
tended to to-day, and I therefore suggest to the
gentleman that he allow the matter to take the
course recommended by the Committee on Ways
and Means for the present, and it can come up at
some other time upon a reconsideration.
Mr. EWING. I have no objection to the
course suggested by thegentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston,] if it be the wish of the House,
and will withdraw my motion.
A Member. I object.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to make a motion,
which, I suppose, will take precedence of those
now pending. 1 presume it is in order to move
to postpone the further consideration of this sub-
ject until some future day,and that such a motion
will take precedence of the one made by the gen-
tleman If it be postponed until, perhaps, Tues-
day next, we shall probably then have a full
House, and the matter could be fairly tested. At
least, I presume there will be no objection to its
being postponed until Tuesday or Wednesday.
A motion to commit would keep it before the
House.
The SPEAKER. It may be postponed to a
day certain.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My motion was to post-
pone it until Tuesday.
Mr. PRESTON. I entirely agree with my
colleague, that 
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. PRESTON. I was not going to debate it.
I think it may, perhaps, be best for our interest
that it should be referred to the committee to
which the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means moved its reference. I therefore trust
that the motion of the gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Clisgman] may prevail. But I
would suggest that I do not think there will be a
quorum present on even Tuesday, to which day it
is most probable we will adjourn; and as there
seems to be a disposition to have this question
discussed when a quorum is present, 1 would sug-
gest to the gentleman from North Carolina to
amend his motion, so as to postpone it until Fri-
day next.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I accept the suggestion of'
the gentleman from Kentucky, and will so modify
my motion as to have the question postponed
until Friday next.
The question was then taken, on the motion to
postpone until Friday next, and it was agreed to.
supply of water for washington and*
georgetown.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, the Committee
on Ways and' Means was discharged from so-
much of the estimates of the Secretary of War as-
referred to supplying the citizens of Washington-
and Georgetown with water; and the same was
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means, reported the following
bill; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union, and,
with the accompanying documents, ordered to be
bill making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending 30th June, 18oo.
adjournment over.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that when
this House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Tues-
day next.
The motion was agreed to.
