1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
166?
your soil, defended your frontier against the
savage population, of which my able and distin-
guished friend from Iowa has spoken, defended
it from the incursions and attacks of the very
nations from which these foreigners may come,
should be entitled to it. The man who does not
possess that feeling is lacking something of that
patriotism which attaches to me in my native
country.
W hy, sir, I have not an unkind feeling to a for-
eigner. 1 extend the hand of chanty and the arm
of protection as soon to him, personally, as I
would to my native-born neighbor; but, sir, when
I am called upon as an American Senator, repre-
senting this great Confederacy, to dispose of any
rights, whether personal or political, or to make
any donations which it js supposed Congress has
power to make, I will never do injustice to the
citizens of the country for the benefit of a for-
eigner.
Now, sir, I wish to state one thought that has
occurred to my mind during this discussion.
The Constitution of the United States contem-
plates a difference between the native and the for-
eigner, and requires a uniform system of natural-
ization. There is a constitutional difference be-
tween personal and political rights in some de-
gree. By our naturalization laws we declare to
the world that all foreigners, whatever may be
their age, who arrive within the ltmits of this
country, are not of full age—speaking after the
manner of men—are not twenty-one years of age
until they remain here five years, and qualify
themselves to become American citizens. Those
persons, then, who aie not qualified for want of
proper time or examination into our institutions,
are to be entitled, according to this bill as it stands,
to one hundred and sixty acres of land, when the
sons of native American people over the age of
sixteen years, understanding our language, living
here, having, in all probability, rendered some
service to the country, cannot, in anticipation of
their majority, claim to settle upon one hundred
and sixty acres of land, because they are not of
full age. A foreigner who cannot utter an Eng-
lish sentence, whose parents, and who himself,
never rendered a particle of service to this coun-
try, can go under this bill, and settle himself
•upon one hundied and sixty acres of land, while
an American young man of intelligence, even if
he be m his nineteenth year, is not entitled to it.
Why do you require a pupilage of five years
before a foreigner can become a citizen ? It is to
enable him to qualify himself for the duties of a
citizen. Why is a young man of sixteen deprived
of political rights until he becomes twenty-one ;
Why does this bill require that Americans, to re-
ceive its benefits, shall be of full age, while a for-
eigner who has just arrived, may take land under
it? Why not say to the young man of sense, the
poor of your soil, who have been here from the
foundation of your Government, Go whilst this
- pupilage exists, place yourself upon the public
lands, and wait until you are twenty-one years of
age, and then a patent shall issue to yuu?" Why
do gentlemen discriminate between forei^neis and
native Americans? 1 do not wish gentlemen to
understand me, or to charge me with being unkind
or ungenerous, or wanting in proper philanthropy
towards foreigners. I love them as much as
others. There is no difference between us on that
score.
But here comes up another great point of view.
Is not this a disposition of the public land ? Is it
a disposition founded upon justice, upon liber-
ality, or upon any principle of equity? Answer
me, if you please, gentlemen. Do it candidly,
uninfluenced by foreign feeling or native Amer-
ican feeling. You are giving away the public
lands. On what principle are you doing it? Are
you giving them as a compensation for services
rendered to the country? No, sir, but you are
giving away your public lands because you want
to get rid of them. You want to give them to
somebody, and why do you give them to foreign-
ers, instead of to the whole American people?
The question cannot be answered. Here, you
may say, is a foreign gentleman of education, of
honor, honesty, and property, leaving his country
and coming here to enjoy the privileges and hap-
piness of this Government. As soon as he steps
upon our shores, he is disconnected from his old
home, and is seeking a new one here. He is free
to go anywhere. He is invited to take the public
lands as a free gift. Here stands by on the very
spot where he lands, a mechanic.in the city of
New York, who was bound an apprentice boy to
learn his occupation, who has been toiling from
morning till ni«ht to sustain himself and family.
You say to him thatheshallnot.be entitled to one
hundred and sixty acres of public land unless he
abandons his trade, goes from the State of New
York, and settles upon one hundred and sixty
acres in the West, and there remains for five
years. You require that, before he can receive
the land, he shall abandon an occupation calcu-
lated to benefit and prosper the country, and one
for which he had been taught and reared. You
say to him in language so plain that no man can
doubt: M Although you paid your taxes and aided
in fighting the battles of your country, yet in
consequence of your occupation, which is neces-
sary to the subsistence of society, and to the
prosperity of the country, your hands are so
completely tied to a particular location that you
shall not enjoy the glorious privileges obtained
by your labor, and protected by your arms, but
a foreigner who is afloat, and can settle where he
pleases, shall enjoy them." You say the like to
the poor dependent widow, with a family, per-
haps, of ten children, whose husband has been in
the army of the country, and has perished in the
service, though poverty surrounds her, that she
is fixed like a plant to one peculiarspot, and shall
stay there, because her poverty is too great to
allow her to pick up her all and travel with those
children to the great western regions, and settle
there, and cut down the forest trees. She is to
be denied justice, and the foreigner is to receive
the land which she ought to have enjoyed, be-
cause she is incapable of going there. *
Contrast this bill as you please, gentlemen,
and it is an outrage upon justice, upon the equal
rights of this country, and 1 tell you to-day there
will be a rising up of public indignation against
the inequality of this measure; and there ought to
be. It seeks to disconnect society, to dissolve the
relationship of neighborhood, by seducing men to
leave their homes, and go out and settle upon dis-
tant soils, and it says to them, "If you do not do
it you shall be entitled to nothing." I may be a
man with but one arm and one leg, or with nei-
ther, with none of the means of locomotion. 1
may be a poor man, settled on one particular spot
which I cannot leave. I must stay there. Those
legs and arms may have been lost in the service
of the country, but that is immaterial. I cannot
enjoy this boon; you say to me that I cannot,
although the very man who may have inflicted
those wounds in the opposite ranks among the
enemies of the country, now comes here as a for-
eigner, and receives a hundred and sixty acres of
land, while there I am compelled to stay because
1 cannot go on the public domain. Is tnis right ?
It is unjust; it is cruel, because it violates the
principles of justice. Hence it is, that seeing that
the public lands will have to go, 1 have come to
the determination that they should be divided
fairly.
I am no agrarian; I am no bidder for public
estimation; I do not desire to purchase any special
influence by special legislation; but I say if the
public lands are to be given away, they belong to
the men of the country, the citizens of the United
States, and whenever you are about to make a
donation of them, you will be an unjust, and, in
my judgment, an unwise trustee, to give them to
those w:ho were never contemplated when they
were acquired, and who were never considered at
that time as the cebhd que trusts. You should
give them to the American people—not to the idle
poor whose habits prevent them from acquiring,
but to the man who, by toil^and honest employ-
ment as a citizen, has acquired the comforts of
life. Thus you should draw a distinction between
the trustworthy and industrious, and the indolent
and indigent.
That is the argument. Hence it is that I say,
all men here politically being equal, the lands be-
long to the people; and if those public lands are
an incumbrance to the Government, and you de-
sire to dispose of them in order to rid your hand
of them, I will introduce a measure to which, in
my judgment, the necessity which exists, the cir-
cumstances under which we are now legislating,
and the feeling arid disposition of the country, will
drive me, to give to every male citizen of the United
States one hundred and sixty acres of land; and
i why should we not have it? Why should my
1 distinguished friend from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,]
' whose services to the country, in "the field, and in
the Cabinet, have placed him b^ljre the American
people in a proud and prominent position, b,e ex-
cluded, and a man from a foreign nation, and per-
haps infected with vice, have the right conferred
upon him ? Why give it to such a man and deny
it to my friend from Michigan? By what princi-
ple of equity or justice can you make such a dis-
i crimination ? You cr^not do it. Then,sir, these
| lands, if they are in the way, and you must get
! rid of them, and they are increasing to such an
ij extent that you cannot occupy them, give them
I to the people, in the name of justice, who to-day
1 are living here, and whose forefathers fought for
j and gave us this immense inheritance. Give to
| each his right; can anybody deny the justice and
' propriety of doing that?
' In addition to that, there are thousands of
' wretched, unhappy poor, who would emigrate if
; they had the means m their hand; would go with
! joy if they could. Why will you say to them,
: stand ye there; and because you stand there, we
; deny you that justice which we give to the for-
eigner, who stands by your side,idleand wretched,
and who has never paid a dollar of taxes for the
defense of this Government? It is wrong; it is
1 radically wrong; it is unjust. I feel it to be so.
| It may be asked, are there enough lands to give
j to every person of every description ? Yes; and
' I will go a little further m my amendment, in the
| amendment founded upon my judgment. If yoil
! cannot take care of your public lands, husband
\ them, diminish your revenue, reduce your terri-
! tory, if necessary. Let your influence spread
I over the territories wherever they he, and let them
; be occupied by those who desire to do so. That
' is my doctrine. You will not do it; hence I say,
. give it to every citizen, native or adopted, for the
! purpose of encouragemeht;'and a still more im-
; portant thing, to increase population byreproduc-
. tion; give to every girl over the age of eighteen or
j twenty-one, one hundred and sixty acres of land.
Mr. BROWN. How would that affect repro-
duction ?
Mr. DAWSON. By inducing some one to
unite with her. Now, I want to know is this not
right? Is it not just? And can you give a good
! reason to your constituents when you go*- home
  and point out the sixth section of this bill, and
j tell them that you have conferred this upon aliens;
. and when they ask you why did you notgive it to
us, can you men say, ii You are well enough off
at home and did not want it?" Will that do?
'! Well, Mr. President, they say it is land, and it
II must go into the possession of somebody. Here
11 are the old States. I know that some of my
| friends from those States are voting to give away
:j public lands, and they are giving them away by
I, voting for propositions calculated to purchase a
!, population for the new States. Here is Connec-
|i ticut voting to give to the people of that State
j! one hundered and sixty acres of land to get rid of
; them, and move them off to Nebraska and Kan-
|| sas,or some other place, letting the GeneralGov-
h ernment diminish the population at home thereby.
'! AH these things are now going on, and it has
! taken away from us every idea of diminishing th$
■ expenditures of this Government, and of dimin-
,[ ishmg the revenue of the country. There are
j: great principles involved in this, and I am sorry
! to see it insinuated that feelings hostile toforeign-
ji ers are controlling us. Why,sir,ifyoia felttowards
ij this part of the population as 1 do, you would
j! not suspect if. I woilld uphold the principles of
l; equality and justice to any of those who come
!; here, and, in truth, I am so much of a Democrat,
] that I am a much better one than" many of those
j. who profess that creed.
jj Mr. CASS. That comes after reflection,
ji Mr. DAWSON. Why, sir, do 1 believe that?
|j Because I am opposed to unnecessary special Ie-
I: gislation—legislation for one class over the heads
of another. No Government can do it and ad-
minister equality and justice at the same time.
Hence the Democratic opposition to corporations.
Now we have here a legislation special in its char-
acter, for the benefit of foreigners—speciallegisla-
uon for them—contemplating the giving of land
to them, and saying to them, because you have
no land we willgive you some. Suppose we were
to propose to pay their value to our own citizens
by special legislation3 He^e is an antagonistic
