812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
Then, sir, for the same reason, I object to the
amendments offered by the Senator from Iowa
and the Senator Jw>m Kentucky. I am jneiuily
to the establishment of these marine hospitals.
They are absolutely necessary. I am friendly to
a matured plan with regard to our seamen who
are employed on the steamboats in our western
rivers; but I cannot shut my eyes to the fact—my
experience here places the matter before me so
prominently that I cannot shut my eyes to it—
tiiat while you are asking for appropriations that
shall be expended for the benefit of the seamen
and hands upon those river boats, when made
they are very frequently—(whether asked for for
that purpose or not I do not know—I do not
charge any one with it)—got in a manner which
amounts to nothing but the expenditui e of money
in a particular locality, 1 think the system ought
her own municipal concerns, she will provide for ,
her ofli.-t'is to attend to her police matters. But,
sir, look at the appropriations winch we are
making for this city, and, for one, 1 wish to take
my stand upon this matter. We are called upot^ j
to introduce water mto the city for the purpose ot i
protecting our public buildings from fire. We ,
are asked to appropriate large sums of money to j
be expended iri a reservoir to supply water to pro- ;
tect these buildings. Sir, we might budd one out
here somewhere for §50,000 or $100,000, which '
would supply the water for that purpose. Wot 1
only are we called upon to have the buildings
made fne-proof, and to exercise a sufficient vig-
ilance to piutect them from lire, but we are called
upon to make vast appropriations to protect them
by water. 1 recommend, then, that a reservoir be
bui't out here, and a fire-engine provided for these
to undergo the severestscrutiny of the Committee ii buildings to protect them, lam willing to vote to
on Commerce. It ought to be examined as to the '  ™ " " " '•l— 1
points at which the appropriations should be ex-
pended. It js not a matter which ought to be
placed upon the deficiency bill; and it evidently
tends to create debate, and keeps back a vast num-
ber of other important measures. When it ise\ ident
that such matters will not be voted on upon their
merits, under the state of feeling which has been
generated, 1 think it would be better not to oiler
them. I shall vote against all these approprm- |
tions; not because I am unfriendly to the measure i
at all, for whenever the Committee on Commeice j
shall come forward with a well-digested plan to]
make appropriations, liberal appropriations, /or j
marine hospitals, 1 will support diem. But it is |
evident that if we pursue tins plan, and give an j
appropriation for one marine hospital in this bill,
another gentleman will have some other marine
hospital, some other custom-house, to be appro-
priated for; and where are we then? And, sir,
when are we to get the railroad and homestead
bills before us if we go on in this way ? For these
reasons I shall vote against the amendment.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desneonly to say one word in
relation to the amendment to the amendment, and
that m answer to the suggestion of the Senator
from Texas. The question of the marine hospitals
has not been a matter of discussion lefore the
Committee on Commeice at this session; butsull
I believe that every case embraced by the amend-
ment of the Senator Irom Iowa has been investi-
gated by that committee; and 1 do not hesitate, as
a member of it, to say, that there is no appropria-
tion in that amendment—1 speak not with refer-
ence to its connection with this bill—that is not,
in itself, just, proper, and appropriate. They are
all recommended by the Department under whose
Hupt'J vision the whole marine subject is, and 1 do
not think any of them us nnpiopei.
IV1i\ IUTSK. 1 am glad to hear it.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Theremarks made by
tiie Senator fnim Tex,-is would be excellent, and
might be appi eciated, if the bill had not been
already amended. l)ut, sir, it has been amended \
w^uer all the library, and all the other portions of
tiie Capitol as soon as it gets on fire, and so with
each one of the public buildings, but I do not
want to go into this magnificent scheme.
But the amendment has been put in the bill,
and it has been done by the votes of gentlemen in
whom i haye the most entire confidence while I
may doubt and distrust my own; but I maintain
my opinions as honestly as do the Senators who
entertain opposite views. The appropriation is
in the bill. The appropriations which I now
propose to add by way of amendment are ne-
cessary for the men who are engaged upon the
lalts and steamboats upon our western rivers,
whose bodies are being wasted under the malaria,
and who, when attacked by sickness, ought to
be conveyed to one of these hospitals, that they
may be cared for and cured; and they are neces-
sary to protcct the western wateis from the tern-
ble ravages of the Asiatic choleia, which so often
visits them during certain seasons of the year.
No appropriation could commend itself more
strongly to the judgment of this body. These
appropriations are in strict accordance with the
estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury; and
1 submit to my friend, that since the other amend- j
ment has gone on, the bill will gain strength in
the other House by having these inserted. They '
must be made. The question is one simply of j
time as to when they shall be made, and though j
I would rather that the bill had passed through
without having so many amendments attached !
to it, yet, as it has been amended in the manner j
] which I have mentioned, I feel it to be my duty j
| to submit this amendment, believing that it will I
, strengthen the bill m its present shape. j
; jVJr. K1TZPATHICK. 1 desire to add some |
| remarks to those which 1 have already submitted, I
j as to the propriety of amending this bill, and as j
j to my course on the pending amendments. It is
i perhaps necessary for me to explain further the |
i position which 1 occupy, if I understand it this ,
is essentially a deficiency bill. The demands of j
the Government require that the act of Congress
•amended m important particulars, and to the i! making the appropiiation should be prompt, so as '
amount of thousands of dollars. One amendment
to the amount of half a million of dollars has been
put on it. That being the case, I submit to the
Senator whether I can, in justice to my constitu-
ents, sit by and see appropriations of that sort
made m this bill, while my section of country is
entirely overlooked in reference to these matters,
as it has been.
But, sir, in regard to this seat of Government;
I have listened to all that has been said in reg.trd
to the improvements for it. We are now intro- ;
ducmg water into it, and no one knows the amount I
of appropriations which are to be made foi it. 1
Would any man have said,at the time the seat of <
Government was nbout to be located at Wash- ;
ington, located here by a compromise of sectional i
and other interests, that the people of distant Iowa •
and of California were to be t^xed to pay, not •
only for the necessary buildings, necpssary as I j
grant you they are, to carry on tin* necessary !
operations of the Republic, of which they are '
proud, and of which every Senator must be proud, ]
but, in addition to this, that they should be called J
upon to make extraordinary appropriations of \
money for other purposes, and for other works j
which are not so necessary? Sir, make St. I
Louis the center of this Republic, the seat of i
Government; give Cincinnati the scat of Govern- '
ment. and she will make her own water-works, I
she will pave her own streets, she will attend to )
to enable the Government to carry on its opera-
tions. I desire to expedite the hill. I ascertained
that the amendment submitted by the Senator from
Kentucky embraces an appropriation for the cus-
tom-hoube in the city of Mobile. That would
commend the amendment to my favorableconsid-
eration. No member on this floor could be more
active in favor of that work, because we believe
the appropriation ought to be made, than myself
and my colleague; but laboring under the impres-
sion as I do—for 1 am certainly impressed with
the belief—that all these amendments hazard the
bill, and perhaps will to some extent stop the oper-
ations of the Government, I announced my op-
position to the amendment, as we all know it
was these amendments which led to the defeat of
the first bill m the House of Representatives. But
with what understanding can I, or any Senator
upon this floor, unless he has charged himself to
investigate into the matter, vote for the amend-
| ment of the Senator from Iowa? My regard for
i that Senator, my implicit confidence in his good
sense and uniform correctness upon particular
i questions involving constitutional law, and the ex-
penditure of public money, commends any meas-
ure that he submits to the consideration of the
body to my judgment; but can we m this hur-
ried manner investigate all these estimates, to see
wheiher they are legitimate estimates to be adopted
i by this body or not? It seems to me clearly not.
There are many estimates made by the Secretary
of the Treasury, and it seems to me that before
we act upon them they should undergo the scru-
tiny of a committee of this body, and they should
come before us in the legitimate form of a report
from a committee. The appropriations now pro-
posed have not been reported to us from a com-
mittee. I know that a committee in the other
House reported upon the custom-house appropri-
ations: but when they came here they should have
been referred to proper committees, and should
have undergone the scrutiny of those committees,
and then they would not have failed to receive, 1
am sure, the favorable consideration of the great
majority of the body.
The gieat pretext for supporting these amend-
ments seems to be the vote of the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, [Mr. Hunter,]
for the appropriation of half a million of dollars
for the introduction of water into theeity of W ash-
ington. 1 very frankly say that I \oted against
that appropriation. I thought it improperly placed
there. I said nothing against it, for 1 was content
to give a quiet vote. 1 presume that if the Sena-
tor'had foreseen the criticism which his vote has
elicited he would have been willing to have dis-
pensed with the appropriation. 1 think it was
unfortunately put in the bill. Another rnatterwas
ingrafted yesterday, which was of no kindred char-
acter to the bill. Still I am not disposed to make
that an excuse for introducing other matters into
the bill which are not proper to be put there.
But the leading reason for the making of the
remarks which 1 had the honor to submit to the
Senate a short time ngo was to justify the vote I
expected to give; and that was, because I thought
we had better take the original bill as it came from
the House. If, however, it is the deliberate judg-
ment of the Senate that all these appropriations
arc to be ingrafted into the bill, I must go in com-
mon with them. I do not design to strike the ap-
propriation for the custom-house in Mobile from
that amendment. If the Senate load down the
; bill with amendments—and we appear to be doing
so—and if we are to have the entire estimates sent
by the Secretary of the Treasury ingrafted upon
the bill, what is to be the result of it? The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on Finance
says he cannot predict what it will be. He judges
from what has occurred before; and I have been
assured by gentlemen who can speak for the other
House, that if we attach these amendments we
shall endanger the entire bill. It is said that the
general appropriation bill will sleep in the House
of Representatives, and that the session will be
almost at its close before we get it. If I thought
that would be the fact I would risk the conse-
quences, and give my vote in common with the
other gentlemen who favor these amendments, al-
though I do not think they are in the proper place.
If it is the settled policy of the Senate to add the
amendments, I am not disposed to make any dis-
crimination, and take every thing which is asked
for except that for the State which 1 have the honor
in part to represent. I am conscious that this is a
legitimate appropriation. I am satisfied that I
could convince the Senate that it is a proper and
reasonable appropriation. It has been commended
to the favorable consideration of Congress by the
Secretary of the Treasury. Still, I should prefer
to see it made in its proper place. Mobile is the
third exporting city in the Union; and yet it is
destitute of a custom-house, of a post-office, and
' of p room for the holding of the district court of
[ theUnited States. Not withstanding it is the third
| exporting city in the Union, if I am not incor-
\ rectly informed, we are subjected to all the diff?-
| culties to which that leads, and the Government
j is paying a high rent for its buildings. The third
| exporting city of the Union has not now a custom-
i house, or a post office, or a room in which the
1 courts of the United States can be held! These
| things are mo set forth by the Secretary of the
; Treasury. They appeal to the common sense and
common judgment; so that, it seems to me, when
the question comes fairly and legitimately before
the Senate they cannot but agree to the appropri-
ation. It is not with any distrust of the merits of
the appropriation for that custom-house, but it is
from a disinclination to embarrass the bill, and to
prevent immediate action upon it, that I am
prompted to the course which I have pursued.
Mr. BELL. I desire to ask my friend from
Iowa whether the hospitals, the appropriations
