104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J&n.
a letter on the subject, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, I have also a
memorial of John Lea, a citizen of Cincinnati,
which I am requested to present to the Senate,
lie represents that, from the year 1832, his re-
searches have been particularly directed to the
discovery of a prophylactic against cholera, the
genera! result of which is this: that in no case has
that disease, within the range of his observations
and examinations, attacked any person who used
sandstone water and rain water. This is a fact of.
very great importance, if it can be properly au-
thenticated. The memorialist prays for such action
as Congress may see fit to take upon the subject.
I ask that it may be referred to the ipecial com-
mittee that has already been raised for the purpose
of taking into consideration the causes of mortality
on board of emigrant vessels.
The memorial was so referred.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citizens
of Presque Isle and its vicinity, in the State of
Maine, praying that a mail route may be estab-
lished from the boundary line between that State
and the Province of New Brunswick to Aroostook;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of Helen Mackay, widow and admin-
istratrix of Colonel iEneas Mackay, deceased,
praying that the accounting officers may be di-
rected to receive certain vouchers as evidence in
the settlement of her husband's accounts; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of James McDaniel and
others, praying the establishment of a tri-weekly
mail from Kansas to Platte City, Missouri; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, submitted documents in
the case of Z. C. Ingram, praying to be relieved
from a judgment obtained against him by the
United States; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of the ad-
ministrator of David Richardson, a soldier during
the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed the
difference between the*pension he received and
the amount he represents him to have been enti-
tled to; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, it was
Ordered, That the papers in the case of J. L. Collins
be wiilidiawn from the files of the Seriate, and, together
with additional evidence submitted by him, referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Ezra Williams be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordeied, That the petition and papers in the case of
John Hron^on h« withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
arid referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. FOOT, it was
Oulered, That the petition of the administrator of Michael
Everly be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ierred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ors>on Younjj be withdiawn
from the files of the ScnatP, and icfeired to the Committee
on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Richard King be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. SLIDELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Francis Barnes be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the representatives of John Rice
Jones have leave to withdraw their petition find papers, in
order to be presented in the House ol Representatives.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw the petition
of Wilhain Hempstead and others in behalf of David L.
Davis, iu order to be pie&ented m the House of Representa-
tives.
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the petition of William YVoodbridge and
Henry Chipman be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and rtferied to the Committee on the Jtidinary. j
On motion by Mr. STUART, it was i
Ordered, That the petition of J. Logan Chipman, one of
the heirs of Keuainsee tftiawanah, a Chippewa chief, be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to provide a site, and
for the construction of a suitable building, for the
accommodation of the district and circuit courts,
and a post office of the United States, at Indian-
apolis, in the State of Indiana.
^.Also, a bill to establish a court for the investi-
gation of claims against the United States.
Mr. JAMES gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of the officers
and soldiers who served in the Rhode Island brig-
ade in the revolutionary war.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to provide for the transportation of the United
States mail in steamships, between San Fran-
cisco and California, via the Sandwich Islands
and China, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time by unanimous consent.
Mr. WELLER. As that is a subject which
may elicit a good deal of discussion, I desire that
the bill be printed, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill making
a grant of land to the State of California to aid in
the construction of railroads from San Francisco
to San Jose, Benicia to Marysville, Sacramento
City, via Auburn to Nevada City, and Stockton
to Sonora; which was read a first and second time,
by unanimous consent, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. GWIN. Mr. President, as that bill is of
a form somewhat different from previous bills
which we have passed, and which contain a sur-
plusage, in my opinion, granting the right of way,
a general bill having been passed granting the
right of way, I move that the bill be printed for
the information of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BR.ODHEAD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill making furtherprovision against counterfeiting
the current coin of the United States, and passing
counterfeit coin; which was read a first and second
time by unanimous consent.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As the bill makes provision
for the punishment of offenders against the law, I
move its reference to the Committee on the Judi-
j Clary, and that it be printed.
| The motion was agreed to.
| Mr. SHIELDS asked, and by unanimous con- |
I sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill to divide
\ the State of Illinois into two judicial districts; <
I which was read a first and second time by its :
i title, and referred to the Committee 011 the Judi- '
\ ciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
was received by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing that it had passed a bill to change the name
of the American-built brig John Dutton, and to
grant a register in her name. Also, that it liad
passed a jomtresolution of thanks to General John
E. Wool.
BOOKS FOR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. BADGER asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a joint
resolution for supplying new members of the'Sen-
ate and House of Representatives with such books i
of a public character as have been heretofore sup-
plied; which was read a first and second time, by
unanimous consent, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct that each of the new mem-
bers of the two Houses of Congress be supplied
' with the same number and description of books
' of a public character as were supplied to each
member of the Senate or House of Represent-
atives during the last Congress; provided they be
furnished by the publishers^ prices not exceeding
those at which they have been heretofore supplied
for the use of the members of either House.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
d third reading, read a third time, and passed.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN. A few days ago I introduced a
bill entitled " A bill concerning the district courts
of the United States in California," the object of
which was to authorize the President to appoint a
judge for the southern district of California, which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
There is not a quorum of that committee present;
but the question has been examined by a mem-
ber of the committee, [Mr. Pettit,] who waa
present when the bill was introduced, and upon
whose motion it was referred to the committee;
and he is perfectly satisfied that the bill ought to
pass. It is one of pressing necessity to the State,
and ought to be passed at once; and therefore I
move that the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from its consideration, in order to bring it
before the Senate for its action at this time.
Mr. PETTIT. When the bill to which the
Senator from California refers was introduced, I
moved its reference to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, as it proposed to make some change in the
judicial system of one of the States, believing that
it was proper that that reference should be made;
but it is true, as the Senator says, that there never
has been a quorum of the committee present to
act upon the Dill: indeed, throughout a great por-
tion of the time that the Senate has been in session,
there has been no other member of the Committee
but myself present. At the instance of the Sena-
tor, I have examined the bill, have conversed with
both Senators from California in regard to it,
and am satisfied that it ought to pass. There
is nothing wrong in it. After the investigation
which I have given to it, I do not see that any
alteration is necessary in the bill, and I therefore
join with the honorable Senator in asking that the
committee be discharged from its consideration.
I have myself brought the bill into the Senate,
and now send it to the Secretary.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to; and on motion by Mr. Gwin-, the
Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
posed, it was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read a third time,
and passed.
REPORT FROM THE LAND OFFICE.
Mr. SHIELDS. I was not present when the
report of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was presented to the Senate. It has been
usual to ask for the printing of a certain number
of copies, for the purpose of retaining them in the
office for future use, and also to send them to the
different bureaus; I will, therefore, ask for the
printing of five hundred extra copies of that report.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I would ask my colleague
whether it has not been usual to order an extra
number of copies for the use of the Senate, and
to take five hundred copies out of thatnumber for
the purpose to which he has referred?
Mr. SHIELDS. I would say to my colleague
that these copies are asked for for a special pur-
pose—to be filed away in the office for future use.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will suggest
that the motion goes to the Committee on Print-
ing, unless the Senate dispense with the rules.
The motion v/as so referred.
VICTOR MORASS.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Victor Morass, praying the confirmation of his
title to a tract of land in the Detroit land district,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill to au-
thorize Victor Morass to relinquish certain lands,
and enter the same quantity elsewhere; which was
read a first time, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. PETTIT, the bill waa lead
a second time, and considered by the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole. It proposes to author-
ize Victor Morass to enter without payment, at
any land office in the State of Michigan, two hun-
dred and eighty acres of land, provided that he
shall file with the Secretary of tne Interior good
and sufficient deed 01* deeds of release to the United
States, of the claim confirmed to him under the act
approved April 17,1858.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
JIEFRS OF "DR. WILLIAM SOMERVILLE.
Mr. PRATT. About ten days since the Senate
