106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 8,
outlaw, the very provision which is incorporated
into this bill; for in a recent appointment in my
own Suae, I know that the late President of the
United States made it a condition precedent on
the part of the parties who were applicants for
the situation, that tkey should agree, if appointed,
to reside at the city of Baltimore, where the United
States courts are held. 1 thought myself that that
was right, because i have known that there was,
with regard to my own district, almost every day,
business occurring there which required theatten-'
tion of the judge in Chambers; and I know that a
gentleman would not be so efficient a judge for the
United States, if he resided some twenty or thirty
miles from the city at which the courts were held,
as he would be if he resided there. I have said
that the late President of the United States re-
quired that the persons who were applicants for
the judgeship, in my district, should consent to
reside, if appointed, at the city of Baltimore. That
grew out of some necessity. It grew out of the fact
that heretofore, where judges in Maryland had
accepted that position, and had resided at a> dis-
tance from the city of Baltimore, they were not so
attentive as the people thought the public interests
required. The President of the United States in
that case, without authority of law, attempted to
carry out the ve*y provision which the Senator
from Ohio has introduced into this bill. If that be
the only objection to the bill, I can see no utility
in its being referred now to the Committee on the
Judiciary, which is composed of nearly the same
members as it was at the last session, when the
same committee reported this bill with this iden-
tical provision in it.
Mr. BADGER. Mr. President, I was entirely
aware of the particular form of the provision
which is contained in this bill, and I did not sup-
pose that the bill contained anything directory on
the President in the selection of the persons to
hold the office; but I inferred, that practically the
provision to which 1 have objected would reduce
the range of selection to the members of the bar of
the cities of Cincinnati and Cleveland, because it
is not to be conceived, I imagine, that gentlemen
of the legal attainments which ought to be pos-
sessed by persons who hold these offices, would
remove to those cities for the very moderate com-
pensation which the bill proposes to give. Now,
sir, m regard to the piopriety of this provision,
there are one or two other views of it which are
entitled to consideration. Suppose the provision
to be enacted, and a judge should not reside at
the place required, what is-your remedy? Will
you sue him?
Mr. PRATT. Impeach him.
Mr. BADGER. Very well. I will say to my
friend, that if the judge does not attend the court
and discharge his duty, it would be proper to im-
peach him; but if you make a provision by law
that he shall reside at a particular place, it gives
you no other remedy—no other power of co-
ercion—except, at last, impeachment. Is it not
just as easy to impeach him for a neglect to dis-
charge his duty, as for a failure to reside at the
place where the courts must be held ?
Mr. PRATT. Every one knows, Mr. Presi-
dent, the great difficulty which always occurs in I
cases of impeachment for breach of duty. You !
have to prove before the proper authorities before j
whom the impeachment is to be tried the breach
of duty; but where you have a specific regulation
that the officer is to reside at a particular place,
and he does not reside there, the impeachment
necessarily prevails. If the man does not live |
there, he disqualifies himself, and therefoie his j
impeachment would certainly be more effectual j
in such a case than in the mere case of breach of |
duty. ;
Mr. BADGER. I think, Mr. President, that
my friend would find considerable difficulty in
making out that proposition; for, in the first place,
a mams not impeachable for any and every cause—
he is not impeachable for the violation of any and
every law. Under the Constitution he is im- |
peachable only for treason, and high crimes and '
misdemeanors—official high crimes and misde-1
meanurs. I will say to my friend that if, under
such provision of law, a judge should be impeached, j
and the allegation should be, that he did not j
reside in the city of Cincinnati, where the law 1
required him to reside, and it appeared that, not- j
withstanding he had discharged all the duties of (
his office faithfully, it would require a good deal 1
more authority than I have ever heard on such a
subject, or that occurs tome now, to establish that
his failure to reside there was a high crime and
misdemeanor for which he would be removable
under the Constitution. 1 do not hold that Con-
gress, by passing a law, can make anything a high
crime oran impeachable misdemeanor—nota whit
more in this particular case, if the duties of the
office are discharged, than if an act of Congress
regulated the judges' robes, and that act was de-
parted from in some slight and unimportant par-
ticular.
But, sir, if we are going to have the system to
which T object introduced, let it be by a general
law applicable to all the judges. I object either to
applying it capriciously to one district or part of
the Union, or to allowing our friends in any partic-
ular locality to pass such provisions as they think
proper with regard to the district judges of the
United States.
A word now in regard to what the Senator from
Maryland stated was done by the late President
of the United States. That was a very different
affair from this. The President had no idea that
he was imposing a law of conduct upon the gen-
tleman whom he was to appoint, but he said, " I
ihink it important in the condition of the business
of the United States, in such a court as that for
the district of Maryland, that the judge should
reside in Baltimore, and therefore, I wish you to
understand, that if you are appointed, it is with
the understanding between you and me, as a
matter of honorable pledge between gentlemen,
that you will make your residence in the city of
Baltimore." That is the whole of it. The late
President of the United States never had any idea
that he was imposing any legal authority; not at
all. But, sir, 1 should be very glad to have the
bill undergo the revision of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
JOSHUA KENNEDY.
Mr. PITZPATRICK, agreeably to previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
for the relief of the legal representatives of Joshua
Kennedy, deceased; which was read and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. It is unnecessary to
trouble the standing committee with the consid-
eration of this bill. It has been reported upon
favorably three times, at least, in this body, and
has been passed here three times. It is the identi-
cal bill which has already passed this body. It
has also been passed in the House of Represent-
atives on several occasions, but failed here. I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to have the report
read, and the bill considered at the present time.
No objection being made, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury pay to the legal representatives of
Joshua Kennedy, deceased, the sum of §G,500, in
full compensation for the destruction of property
by the Creek Indians in 1813.
The report of the committee of the last session
was read, in which they state that, having exam-
ined the case with great care, they fully concur in
the report of the committee of the House of Rep-
resentatives on the same subject. They state that
they entered on the examination of the case with
some distrust of its justice, occasioned by the
fact that it had remained unsettled so long, although
a committee had been appointed for the express
purpose of examining this and similar claims.
They, however, ascertained that the delay had not
been caused by any laches on the part of the peti-
tioner. Inasmuch as the destruction of the prop-
erty for which indemnity was asked, took place
while the troops of the United States occupied it,
and there could be no doubt that such occupation
was the cause of its destruction, the committee
thought that the case came within the spirit, if not
the letter, of the law of 1816, and other subse-
quent acts; and they therefore recommended the
passage of the accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I desire to ask the honorable
Senator from Alabama whether the bill has been
submitted to the consideration of a committee of
this body, and reported upon '
Mr. PITZPATRICK. The report which has
been read was made to this body at the last session.
I will inform the honorable gentleman from Illi-
nois that it has passed this body three times, and
has been reported upon favorably, either in this
House or the other, eight times, it has under-
gone every species of examination which wos
possible, and has passed both Houses, hut not at
the same session, in consequence of want of time
to consider it in one body or the other. It has
been thoroughly and rigidly scrutinized.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
MAJOR CALEB SWAN.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to ask the Senate to
take up for consideration a motion submitted by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Adams] to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill for the relief of the heirs of Major Caleb
Swan, deceased. I move that the Senate proceed
to consider it.
The motion was agreed to, and the motion to
reconsider was also agreed to.
Mr'\(|HASE. I now move to amend the bill
by striinng out the words " one half of," so that
the allowance shall be a commission of one per
cent.
The amendment was agreed to, and the bill, as
amended, passed.
RELIEF OF JOSEPH GONDER AND ANOTHER.
! On motion by Mr. BRODHEAD, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill from the Committee on Naval Affairs, for
the relief of Joseph Gonder, jr., and John Duff.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to discon*
tinue the suit brought against Joseph Gonder, jr.,
and John Duff, in the district court of the United
States for the eastern district of Pennsylvania, for
the alleged violation of a contract to furnish stone
for the dry-dock at the Brooklyn navy-yard.
f Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, before we pass
| that bill, I should like to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to give some explanation of it. It
may be that it is a proper bill; but at all events,
before we decide upon it, I should like to know
what are the reasons for its passage. Iam not
willing to let it pass without being satisfied of the
grounds upon which we are asked to pass it.
I Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall take great pleasure
j in giving my friend from California a brief state-
j ment of the facts relating to the case; and I am
I quite certain that, when he hears the statement, he
| will agree to the passage of the bill.
| The memorial of the parties whom it is pro-
posed to relieve, was presented to the Senate at
the last session of Congress; it received the unani-
mous approval of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
to which it was referred, and a bill for their relief
! passed the Senate without objection. It is to re-
j lieve them from a suit brought against them in the
] United States court for the eastern district of Penn-
j sylvania, upon the recommendation of the Navy
j Department. There was an alleged violation of
! a contract which was entered into by these gentle-
j men for supplying stone at New York. The De-
j partment thought it was necesSary to bring the
i suit, but determined, at the same time, to recom-
i mend Congress to grant relief. The head of the
, Bureau of Docks and Yards says:
} " The case is one which will enlist the svmpathy, and
j perhaps the favorable consideration, of Congress."
| The engineer of the work also says;
I se In arranging the plans of the work, I deemed it neces-
: sary to make radical changes in the arrangement and size
! of the fetone.*'
i And hence it was impossible for the gentlemen,
! under the circumstances, to comply with the pro-
: visions of the contract. I could read the letters
| from the Navy Department, and also from the
, engineer, but it may not be necessary. 1 hope,
therefore, under the circumstances, there will be
j no objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr.PETTIT. Before the Senator from Penn-
< sylvania takes his seat, 1 desire to ask him why
the Secretary of the Navy is directed to dismiss
this suit? Why can he not act himself? Why
should not the President direct it to be discon-
! tinued?
J Mr. BRODHEAD. The subject pertains to
I that Department, and the suit was brought under
j instructions from it. It became necessary, under
| the rules of the Department, that the suit should
; be instituted; butthe Secretary of the Navy recom-
i mends that it be not prosecuted.
