im4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
Ordered. That the papers on the files of the House in the
case of Captain Jeny Runnels be withdrawn, for the pur-
pose of reference to the War Department.
On motion by Mr. NICHOLS, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the House in the
case of James Pool he withdrawn, for the purpose of refer-
ence to oue of the State emirts of Onto, iir a case to be
litigated there.
- On motion by Mr. MAXW ELL, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the Beuse in the
ease of Elliott Smith and Nathan Famsworth he with-
drawn, tor the purpose of being referred to the appropriate
committee of the Senate.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the House vote down the mo-
tion to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it will not be then in order
to go to the business on the Speaker's table, with
a view to refer the bills that are there?
The SPEAKER. Certainly; it will be in
order.
The question was then taken on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion; and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. McMullin in the chair.)
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 ask the Committee to take
up House bill No. 336. It is a bill making ap-
propriations for the service of the Post Office De-
partment. And 1 suppose that on its being read
through, the committee will agree to lay it aside
for the purpose of reporting it to the House. It
is a bill to which I think there will be no amend-
ments proposed. It is a short bill, and will not
probably take more than five or six minutes to
dispose of it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Why not take up the
business in its order upon the Calendar? 1 hope
it will be done. The next bill is one making
appropriation for the support of the Army.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to take that «p
next. It will not take ten minutes to dispose of
this matter.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I give no-
tice that if the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama shall be voted down, I shall move to take up
the general appropriation bill, (No. 392,) making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law; and gentle-
men in favor of completing these works will vote
down the proposition of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means
Mr. ROBBINS demanded tellers on Mr. Hous-
ton's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cox, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
•—ayes 51, noes 82. «
So the motion was nol agreed to.
RIV IS It AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I now move to take
tip general appropriation bill, (No. 392,) " making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of lav;."
Mr. MILLSON. 1 can never agree to the
proposition that a bill making appropriations for
the improvement of riveis and harbors ts a gen-
eral appropriation bill. I therefore raise the ques-
, tion of order, that this not being an appropriation
bill, it can only he reached by laying aside, by a
separate and distinct vote, every bill upon the
Calendar preceding it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will make a single
suggestion to the Chair, if he will allow me. It
has been customary to consider bills of this char-
acter as general appropriation bills. 11 is to carry
out and to complete public works already author-
ized by law. There are no provisions for the
commencement of new works.
Mr. MILLSON. My understanding of general
appropriation bills is, that they are such, and only
such, as are necessary to carry on the various
departments of the Government. This is not a
bill of that character, and, therefor^, it is not a
general appropriation bill.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to call the attention
of the Chair and of the committee to the 79th
and 80th rules, which have always been consid-
ered to govern the consideration of general ap-
propriation bills. The 79th rule enumerates the
bills whfch are to be considered as general ap-
propriation bills. They are for the civil and
diplomatic expenses of the Government; for the
Army; for the Navy; and for the Indian depart-
ment and Indian annuities." This requires that
the Commiti.ee of Ways and Means shall report
these bills withm thirty days of the time when
that committee is appointed, and then distinctly
enumerates what those bills shall be. I therefore
submit, that if this bill is not embraced in that cat-_
egory, it is not a general appropriation bill, and
cannot be so considered by the committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I will inquire of the
gentleman whether the Post Office appropriation
bill, the Indian appropriation bill, and the forti-
fication bill, are enumerated m that rule, and
whether the gentleman will contend that they are
not general appropriation bills?
Mr. PHELPS. The Indian bill is enumerated
there.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I would like to have
the 80th rule read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
rule, and then he will decide the point of order.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 80. General appropriation hills shall be in order in pref-
erence to any other bills ot a public nature, unless other-
wise ordered by a majority of the House."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides in this
case that the bill which is now before the House
is a general appropriation bill, according to the
course which has heretofore been adhered to m
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If it were for appropriation of money to
any particular river, it certainly would not be a j
general appropriation bill. As the Chair under- |
stands, the bill is general m its character, and j
makes appropriations for the continuation and ,
completion of works already commenced. The j
Chair will further remark, that the post oifice bill
is an appiopriation bill, although not mentioned
in the rule to which attention has been called.
The Chair decides the motion of-the gentleman
fiom Illinois in order.
Mr. MILLSON. Holding a different opinion,
J appeal fiom the decision of the Chair; and oil
that question demand telleis.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on the appeal, viz:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the committee?" and it was decided in
the affirmative.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 now ask the unani-
mous consent of the committee to substitute for
the bill before us the one which I hold m my
hand, out of which is left the appiopriation for
the removal of the obstruction lit the mouth of the
Cape Fear uver, passed yesterday, i make the
motion to save time.
Mr. WALSll. This is out of order, and,
rising in my place, 1 object to it.
The CHAIRMAN. The proposition of the
gentleman from Illinois is objected to by the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mr. WALSII. Yes, sir, most unequivocally.
[Laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. Went-
woutu's motion; and it was agreed to.
So the river and harbor bill was taken up for
consideration.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move to dispense
with the first reading of the bill, which is for
information, and that the Clerk proceed to read
it for amendment.
The mouon was agreed to.
The Clerk accordingly proceeded to read the
bill by paragtaphs, for amendment.
Mr. COBB. 1 oiler the following amendment:
At tile end of the clause, " lor continuing the jmprove-
; meat of the navigation of the Tennessee river, $3o,OUO,"
; insert the following:
Piovulcd, That ^>10,000 of said Finn shall be expended
: below Kelly's leirj, in the State of Tennessee, and above
[ Decatur, Alabama.
, The object of the amendment will be apparent
j to every gentleman. At the last session of Con-
I gress §250,000 was appropriated for the improve-
' merit ot the Tennessee river, and an appropriation
i of §35,000 is now asked to continue the improve-
ment alieady commenced. I propose now to
apply $10,000 of this amount to the improvement
of the river below Kelly's ferry. The mails are
carried in steamboats on the Tennessee river from
Chattanooga to Decatur, but there are obstructions
in that river below Kelly's ferry that render it
almost impossible for the boats to pass, i am
confident that there cannot be any objection to the
amendment I have offered, for it only asks that
$10,000 of the $35,000 appropriated by the clause
tor the improvement of; the river shall be appro-
priated below Kelly's ferry, so that the obstruc-
tions in the river which now sometimes obstruct
the passage of the mails may be removed. I
coula give various reasons showing the necessity
that exists for the adoption of the amendment, but
I will not trouble the committee now.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I wish to
make a few general remarks in answer to the gen-
tleman from Alabama, because there are several
applications of the kind made by him. Allow me
to say that the-custom is, after these general appro-
priations are passed, for members of Congress
from the States in whose favor they are made, to
go to the Secretary of War, and his chief engineer,
who has full discretion over this subject, in order
to kneto^here the appropriations shall be ex-
pended the greatest advantage. Fortunately
for us at this time, we have at the head of the
War Department'one of the most distinguished
engineers in the United States. Long before 1
knew him as a politician I knew him as a distin-
guished engineer upon our lakes and rivers at the
great Northwest. When he was here as a mem-
ber of Congress, he displayed more knowledge
( upon the subject than any public man. I think it
! is better to leave this matter to the Secretary of
! War and the engineers, who understand it, than
to members of Congress.
Mr. COBB. If the gentleman from Illinois
wilt look at the wording of this appropriation, he
will see that it is for a continuation of the improve-
ment. Of what improvement? Of the onecom-
menced and carried on under the appropriation
of $50,000. Does he not see clearly that, without
some proviso of this kind, the Secretary of
War will be bound to lay out the $30,000 in the
same place in which the $50,000 was expended?
He must certainly see that that is the construction
that would be put upon u unless this provision
is inserted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The gentleman from
Alabama will allow me to say that there are pre-
cedents for the regulation of this case.
Mr. COBB. But what harm can be done in
making the matter so plain that no difficulty can
arise about it? What harm can result from
making it so plain that there will be no necessity
to go to the War Department in order to have it
construed according to the conception we have put
upon it? I am sure that no gentleman in the
House, not even the gentleman from Tenriesssee,
who has as much interest m it as anybody else,
can object to this.
I will state this, further, that during the time
that this bill was under consideration, I repeatedly
called on the Committee on Commerce, who had
charge of it, and they assured me, that before th ey
would report any appropriation in respect to the
Tennessee river, I should be called upon by them
to give my reasons why a small appropriation
should be given for the purpose of carrying out
the object which 1 am now in favor of. But I
suppose they overlooked the promises they had
made to me. I called on them three or four times,
! and they assured me that I should be notified to
' come and explain my reasons for what 1 desired.
But, unfortunately, my modesty beingso great as
to forbid me pressing myself upon them, the first
intimation that I had with respect to the matter
was the reporting of the bill appropriating $35,000
without stating anything, except that it was for
the continuation of the improvement. I have no
more interest in it than every man of the West
has. But unless some portion of the money is
expended in the manner I designate, there are
seasons during the year when the boats cannot
get along there, and when there will be serious
obstacles to the expeditious carrying of the great
western mail. But with a little labor, and the ex-
penditure of some money, these obstacles will be
removed, and the mail can be received regularly.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 would ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether, in the appropria-
tion of last year, there was any limitation of the
work? Did it embrace the whole river, or was it
limited to a portion of it?
Mr. COBB. The limitation was, that the ap-
propriation should be expended above Kelley's
ferry. And what I contend for now, ife, that a
