THE , CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July "11,
- In the course of the ensuing year the Qovern-
ment of the United States will be the sole owner
of all of the stock and property of the Louisville
and Portland canal; and it is absolutely necessary
to make some provision for the ^appointment of
the necessary officers to take charge of and con-
trol and manage it. In 1825 the Legislature of
Kentucky granted a charter to the Louisville and
Portland Canal Com.pany, and, in order to facili-
tate the work, Congress several years afterwards
subscribed two thousand three hundred and thirty-
five shaies, which individual owners of stock for-
feited from apprehensions of the failure of the
work. The work itself cost about $1,000,000,
and its'capital stock is composed of ten thousand
shares, of which the Government owned at the
annual report made on the first of January, 1854,
nine thousand eight hundred shares. Anterior to
the year 1842, the Government had actually paid
out $233,500 for the stock she subscribed, and
had received in tolls $257,778, as a stockholder,
which was paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
In 1842, an act,was passed by the Legislature
of Kentucky authorizing the Government of the
Unjted Slates to become the sole owner of the
stock, by applying the dividends on her stock to
absorbing and buying up the private stock in the
canal, with a view of making the same free. This
process hag been in operation ever since that time;
and before the meeting of the next Congress the
United States will be the sole owner of the canal.
She will be the proprietor of a property worth
more than a million and a half of dollars, which
never cost her one dollar. The immense burdens
which have been imposed upon western com-
merce, will be understood from the simple fact
that having advanced #333,500 in 1829 or 1830,
she hafi not only received back from the tolls—or
1 should rather call them fines—on western trade,
all, and more than all, she ever paid, but with the
reminder owns a property which produced, last
year, $178,869 39, by an exaction levied on the
trade of the Ohio and the West.
From 1831 to 1&53, the commercial and navi-
gating interests of the West have been subjected
to enormous tribute by direct tolls at that canal,
amounting to $2,699,032 20, and boats carry-
ing five hundred tons passing through it, and
paying the established rate of fifty cents a ton,
are compelled to pay $250 a trip for the privilege
of transit. This is a matter of national, and not
of merely local interest—a matter m which every
State that borders upon the river Ohio or the af-
fluents of the Mississippi, are interested; and
although some have represented that the break of
gauge made by nature at Louisville, might render
her people and her Representatives disinclined to
remove the barrier to the river trade, yet I desire
to acquit her citizens, as well as myself, of such
suspicions, and to say that we desne, in common
with our other fellow-citizens of the West, the
free, uninterrupted, and untaxed navigation of
the Ohio.
It is our duty, Mr. Chairman, before this ses-
sion terminates, to make proper provision for the
custody and management of the canal, so that it
<®may not fall into decay or bad repair; or by a
neglect to appoint the requisite officers, obstruct
the navigation of the river. The Secretary of the
Treasury, in his annual report, suggests the neces-
sity of passing a law for tins purpose. He says:
" Attention is called to the Louisville and Poitland canal.
The ten thousand shares of capital Mock in that company,
Under the prnvie-ioiif ol the act ot the Le^l.mno ol Ken-
tucky, have been reduced to three thousand seven hundred
ami twelve, of which two thon>;ind nine hundred and two
belong to the United States, and eight hundred and fen to
individual*. Thej e enrht hundred and ten s-harcs, will be
reduced by the earning* oi the canal tor the year I8."W, of
winch the company will tunii>h a report, and the earnings
of 1854 will complete the purcha>e, and leave the United
Stato the M,ie stockholder and proprietor of the canal, and
entitled to possession of it on complying with the condition
of the act o! Kentucky under which the private stock has
be* n purchased. Thatcondmon requires that nonmretolls
shall be collected than will bo tutfieieiit to keep the canal
in repair, pay the necessary co-t of superintendence and
custody, and make all the improvements needed, fully to
answ  ,-r the purpose of its establishment, and t>> protect and
gnaid the interests of commerce. An appropriate act is
wanted at the present ses-ion, to provide tor the superin-
tendence ot the canal and the carrying out ot the piovis-
ions of the act of the I>«itlaiure of Kentucky, in order to
make the canal free, as tar as practicable, to the commerce
of the Ohio."
Now, sir, it will be seen by the facts stated that
this provision should be made; and I will now
ask, if it be in order, that the amendment I pro-
pose to offer to that of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Ritchie] shall be read.
The CHAIRMAN, it is in order.
Mr. PRESTON. Then I send it to the Clerk's
desk to be reported.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is just now
informed by the Clerk that there is already an
amendment to the amendment pending.
Mr. PRESTON. Then i will offer it here-
after, if there is an amendment to the amendment
pending.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If there is no objection, I
will withdraw my amendment.
There being no objection, the amendmentto the
amendment was withdrawn.
Mr. PRESTON. I now offer my amendment.
The amendment was leported, as follows:
For defraying the necessary expenses of the custody,
control, and management of the Louisville and Portland
canal, so ad to make the Ohio river free to navigation,
jj^o,000.
Mr. PRESTON. The adoption of this amend-
ment, and the appropriation of the $25,000 for
which it asks, will make the navigation of the
Ohio fiee. This sum will be sufficient, as shown
by the experience of the past, to pay for all the
labor necessary in opening and closing the locks
of the canal, and for dredging it, and keeping it
in order. No toll, charge, or tribute can be ex-
acted on the Ohio. It will be perfectly free from
Pittsburg to New Orleans to every boat and ves-
sel. 1 trust, sir, that every Representative from
every State in the valley of the Mississippi will
appreciate the importance of abolishing the oner-
ous tax of $180,000 a year, to which we have
been so long and unjustly subjected; and I do
not conceive that any right-minded man will con-
sider this appropriation unnecessary or unwise.
Last year the expenses of us administration were
$21,569, and, with some incidental expenses, be-
tween $24,000 and $25,000.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Kentucky a question, in order
that the committee may understand the position
of the Government in reference to this matter. I
ask him whether the United States Government,
by this indirect mode, do not impose a tax upon
the people of the twelve States of the Union which
are interested in the navigation of the Ohio?
Mr. PRESTON. 1 will answer the gentleman,
that the Government of the United States now
own about ninety-eight hundredths, or more than
nine tenths of this canal. Out of ten thousand
shares, the Government is the owner of nine thou-
sand .eight hundred.
Now, sir, the people of the West, during the
last year, paid $178 869 39 tax for the privilege of
passing this burner to the navigation of the Ohio.
Under the existing arrangement, the Government
is the tax-gatherer, the Government compels the
people of the West to pay this amount ot taxes;
and the sum of $25,000 a year would make the
J canal fiee to the navigation of twelve or thirteen
, western States.
| Sir, no gentleman need vote against this appro-
i priation, however constitutional his views on such
[ matters may be No such question can be raised,
j There is no objection that can be offered to this
j amendment which cannot, be brought against the
i appropriation which has annually been made for
I the bridge across the Potomac at this place ever
| since that bridge has been in the possession of the
j Government. It-is for nothing more than to defray
the expenses of opening the gates of the canal, and
to allow bouts to pass through freeoftoll. It is for
removing obstructions in the navigation of the
Ohio in the management of the United States pre-
cisely as we provide for opening the draw of the
I Long Bridge to remove the obstruction to the
I navigation of the Potomac. The appropriation for
which we ask is to open and close the locks in
the canal, to keep a dredge boat, and to dredge the
canal.
A Member. Is not the appropriation to, pur-
chase the private stock still remaining in the
canal ?
Mr. PRESTON. Not one dollar of it. The
private stock has been purchased, or will be before
(Songres's meets aj>ain. The Government owns
the work. It is the property of the United States,
and 1 propose simply to abolish the tolls, and
defiay the expenses of its superintendence and
control. In this 1 ask the assistance of those who
are willing to free the commerce of the western
States from this onerous burden, strike the
sh&ckels from our trade, and vote a very small sum
for the accomplishment of a very great national
object. This is all I desire to say.
Mr. HAVEN. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky has concluded his remarks, 1 desire to make
a short speech which, 1 think, will be in favor of
this bill. I move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing the debate upon this bill in five
minutes after its consideration shall be again re- •
sumed in committee. I will then immediately move
that we go into committee again.
The question was taken en Mr. Haven's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; -and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, the Chair-
man, (Mr. McMui/un,) reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had the Union generally under consideration,
and particularly the river and harbor appropri-
ation bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. HAVEN. I offer the usual resolution to
close the debate on the river and harbor appro-
priation bill within five minutes after its consid-
eration shall be again resumed in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HAVEN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and that
that motion be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly again resolved itself
into the Committee of the."^Vhole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. McMulun in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the river and harbor
bill.
Mr. WASHEfUUNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, in the five minutes left for the discussion of
the bill, I wish to make a few remarks in reference
to the suggestions of my colleague [Mr. Went-
worth] as to the course we ought to pursue on
these appropriations for the improvement of rivers
and harbors, reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. I understand him to recommend that we
should take the bill just as it has been reported by
the committee, and discourage all amendments.
Now, I shall briefly state my reasons for not
adopting the suggestions of my colleague. There
are amendments which i think ought to be made
to the bill, and which I am sure this committee
will make, on a knowledge of all the facts.
In the first place, let me direct attention of gen-
tlemen to the appropriations recommended by the
Committee on Commerce for the improvement of
the rapids in the Mississippi river, and ask if
they be commensurate with the importance of the
object? That is an improvement, one not only of
vast importance to the Mississippi valley, but to
the whole country. Now, what is the appropri-
ation recommended by the Committee on Com-
merce for the improvement of the Des Moines
and Rook River rapids? Why, sir, the insignifi-
cant and pitiful sum of $18,000 is recommended
for the Des Moines, and the same sum for the
Rock River rapids! Here is an improvement
which everybody knows, who knows anything
of the subject, to make it available will cost half
a million of dollars, and which is a work of great
national impoi tance. And, in addition to the little
sum of $100,000 heretofore appropriated, it is now
proposed only to add $36,000 m all.
In my recollection, the first appropriation for
the survey of these rapids was $4,000; and it was
made in 1837, and it was with a view to some
adequate improvement of them. The survey was
made under the direction of a most skillful and
accomplished engineer, Colonel Lee, and it is the
opinion of persons familiar wi'th the character of
improvements needed, that his plan is the only
one which can be adopted to effectually carry out
the object the Government had in view. The
survey was made by this engineer, and it was
approved by the Engineer Department here in
Washington, and literally nothing has been done
since. To be sure, two years ago there was an
appropriation of $50,000 or $100,000 made for
each of these rapids. What has been done with
that appropriation ? Have the people who live
on the border of that grfeat father of waters de-
