818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 31,
themselves. General Taylor never advanced an
inch beyond that recommendation made by his
predecessor.
Mr. MASON. Wil! the Senator allow me to
ask him this question: When General Riley issued
his proclamation inviting the people to assemble
at places of election, which he designated, to elect
members to a State convention, did he do it with
the approbation of the President of the United
States at the time?
Mr. CLAYTON. Sir, he did it before the
President of the United States had given him one
word of advice upon the subject. He acted upon
his own personal responsibility, and there has
been the fatal error of the honorable Senator, and
a great many others who have talked about this
matter on this floor. I know how easy it was for
them to get mistaken, but it is time that the truth
of history should be corrected. I beg pardon of
my friend from California for having taken up so
much time by his leave. I could not be well
restrained from an expression of some feeling on
this occasion, and now I yield the floor to him.
Mr. GW1N. Mr. President,what the Senator
from Delaware says in regard to the proclamation
of General Riley is strictly true. General Smith
sent a steamship of war down to Mazatlan early
in 1849, to ascertain what was the action of Con-
gress in regard to forming a territorial govern-
ment, and he received intelligence that there had
been no such government formed for California.
Upon receipt of that information, General Riley,
who was then the de facto Governor, being m
command, issued n proclamation calling upon the
people to fleet delegates to a convention to form
a State constitution, inasmuch as Congress had
failed to create any government at all for them.
This pioclamation was issued before the agent of
the General Government, of whom so much has
been said, arrived there. 1 went up with him, and
so did my colleague. It is well known in Cali-
fornia that the whole movement for a State govern-
ment was made outside of any Executive influ-
ence, and without any knowledge on the part of
the Administration here thatsuch a movement was
in contemplation there.
Mr. CLAYTON. Entirely.
Mr. GWiN The Senator from Virginia says
the expenses of the convention were paid out of
the military chest. The Senator is just as much
mistaken in that as in his other asseition. Sir,
there was a military exaction, a military contri-
bution, levied upon the people of California, with-
out the authority of law, which formed what was
called the civil fund. There was no law, and no
authority for the collection of that money, but the
de facto Governor used a portion of that fund to
pay the expenses of his de. ftrfo government, and
also to pay the expenses of the convention.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment? lie says i made a mistake, J ask him
if that fund, call it the civil fund, or what you
please, was not a military chest, in the Federal
Treasury? Was it not Federal money of the
United States ?
Mr. GWIN. No, sir; not a dollar of it was
ever collected by authority of law; and up to last
session there was not a scrap of paper in the Treas-
ury to show anything about it. It was then un-
justly paid into the Treasury of the United States
by the action of this body, and the other House,
years after it was collected. Not a dollar of a
military fund was paid for such purposes. When
the fund was paid into the Treasury these credits
were allowed to General Riley, for his disburse-
ments. Sir, the Executive government of the
United States had nothing to do with the formation
of the government of California.
Mr. CLAYTON. Nothing.
Mr. GWIN. I was a member of the conven-
tion which formed her constitution. We per-
mitted no Government officer to approach us, or
dictate to us, and tell us what we should do.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President, the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Delaware, m appealing to his own recol-
lections, and correcting me in regard to history,
makes a slight mistake himself. He will find, by
reference to the documents, that at the time the
Ad ministration with which he was connect ed came
into power, there was a subsisting order from the
proper department of the previous Administra-
tion, to theofficers of the United States in that re-
gion, to aid the authorities of Texas in extending
her jurisdiction over what is now the Territory of
New Mexico, on this side the Rio Grande. He
will find, further, that,~after the incoming of the
Taylor Administration, that order was changed
by the War Department, and the officers there
were then directed to stand back, and side neither
with the people of New Mexico nor with Texas
in that controversy; or,in other words, that they
should remain neutral in the controversy which
was known to be existing at that time. A few
days before the next session of Congress, another
order was issued to a Lieutenant Colonel McCall
of the Army, who was sent to Santa Fe to take
command, or for some other purpose. In that
order Colonel McCall was directed to aid and en-
courage the people of New Mexico m forming a
State government, if they desired to do so. These
weie the recommendations upon which those peo-
ple acted. I remember it was denied at the time
that any such order had been issued. 1 know
that the agent who was sent up from Texas, Mr.
Robert S. Neighbors, m his report to the Governor
of Texas, stated that he had been met with an
order of that description. It was stoutly denied at
the time that anysuch order had been issued; and
: the records then were seaichcd in vain for it; and
now, if you look through the President's message
and accompanying documents of that year, you
cannot find it; but other documents will show that
it was issued. If the Senator denies it, I will
produce it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Texas may search the records from now
until next Christmas, and he cannot find anything
to show that the Executive, at the time to winch he
refers, initiated, or attempted to initiate, the steps
for the organization of a State government, either
in California or New Mexico. He can find there,
however, that President Taylor was willing to do
precisely what President Polk was willing to do,
and had signified, in his last annual message to
Congiess, ought to be done. That I admit; but he
went not one jot beyond it. President Polk had
suggested, as the only remedy in the event of the
failuie of all other means of extending a govern-
ment over those Tenitones, that Congress should
awaitthe action of the peopleof New Mexico and
California; and that, at no distant day, they would
form State governments for themselves. The
order to which the Senator from Texas refers was
an order to the officer not to exert himself to pre-
vent the action of the people to form a State gov-
ernment; but that any agent, or any servant of
the Executive, at that day, or at any other time
within my knowledge, or the knowledge of any
other man, as I believe, was instructed to initiate
the steps, or to aid, to use the language of the
honorable Senator, in the business of forming a
State government, I deny.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this discussion in order?
I have waited for some time to see if it would be
disposed of; but I am constrained now to inquire
whether it is in order to discuss theconduct of the
Executive m regard to New Mexico and Califor-
nia upon this amendment?
Mr. CLAYTON. I do not intend to occupy
much longer time; but if it is in order to make an
accusation, it is perfectly in order to reply to it,
and to defend the Administration of which I was
a member against it.
Now, sir, a word in conclusion, in regard to
the controversy which existed between New Mex-
ico and Texas. Texas claimed that her territory
extended to the Rio Grande. No President that
I know of ever admitted that. The honorable
Senator says that instructions were given by a
previous Admmistiation to permit Texas to ex-
tend her authority there. It is clear, from what
has occurred since, that she herself has admitted
that she had not title there; at least she does not
exercise jurisdiction to the Rio Grande. 3 can
undertake to assure my friend from Texas that,
so far as I have any recollection of the events of
that day, the action of the Executive went to this
extent only, as to the controversy between New-
Mexico and Texas, that, without the exertion of
physical force on the part of the General Govern-
ment, or on the part of the State government of
Texas, the matter should be left to the decision
either of Congress or of the judiciary. No effort
was ever made, nor was a thought ever enter-
tained, (and I do not suppose my friend imagines
there was,) of despoiling Texas of anything" that
lightfully belonged to her. No motive could have
existed for it. No such design existed. There
is nothing in the history of the period to show or
justify the suspicion that any design of that kind
was ever entertained,
Mr. RUSK. Mr. President,! will prove to the
Senator that I was right in my history of these
orders. On the 12th oi October, 1848, Mr. Marcy,
the Secretary of War, issued an order to the com-
mander at Santa Fe, in which he said;
" In regard to that part of what the Mexicans call New
Mexico, lying east of the Rio Giande, the civil authonty
wind) Texas has established, or may establish theie, is to
be respected, and in no manner whatever interfered with
by the military force in that department, otherwise than to
]end aid on proper occasions in sustaining it."
Then, on the 26th of March, 1849, another or-
der was issued to the commander at Santa Fe, by
the new Secretary of War, Mr. Crawford, in which
this appears :
" It is presumed that the instructions from this Depart-
ment of October 12, 1848, forwarded the hands of Mid-
shipman Beall, of the I\avy, have been received by you
t.ome time since: nevertheless, i herewith itwuteh copies
of the «ame.
"With re>peetto that portion-of the i-nstrwetious which
is in the following woid?. : ' In regard to that part of what
the Mexicans call New Mexico, of the Rio Grande,
the civil authority which Texas has established or may es-
tablish there, is to> be respected, and in no manner inter-
fered with by the military force in that depaitmeut, other-
wise than to lend aid on proper occasions m sustaining it,*'
f have to-remark that it is not expected Texas will under-
take t   extend lies civil government over the remote regioiv
designated.'*
This, b& it remembered, was at the very time
when Texas was taking means to extend hercivil
government over that region. If the fact was un-
known to the Adm-inistraticm, it was ignomnt of
what everybody else knew. The order continues;
Hut should the do so, you will confine your action,
under the clause above cited, to arranging your command
in swell manner as- not to come into conflict with the author-
ise-, so constituted. On the claim of Texas to any or the
whole ot New Mexico ea«t of the Rio Grande, ?t is not
necc&sary to gi-ve an opinion, a > Congress and that State
alone have the power of adjusting it.?r
Thus in March, 1849, the previous order, givei>
by the Secretary of War under Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration, was changed. Then in November,
a very short time before the meeting of Congress,
the letter to which I refeired was written by the-
Secretary of War to Lieutenant Colonel McCall.
That letter, as I have remarked before, is not to
be found in the message and accompanying docu-
ments for that year. It is in these words:
War Department, >
Washington, November 39, 1849. £
Sir: As you are about to join your regiment, now on
duty >11 New Mexico, it has occurred to me as pioper to-
make some observations on the pecuhai condition of that
and anoiher Territory of the United States.
Since their annexation these Territories, m respect to
their civil governments, have, in a great measure, depended-
on tiie officers of the Army there >n command ; a duty, it is
considered, as falling beyond their appropriate spheres of
action, and to he relieved from which cannot be more de-
sired by them than by this Department. This condition has
arisen from the omission of Congress to provide suitable
governments, and in regard to the future there is reason to
believe that the difficulties of the past are still to be encoun-
tered. in every possible aspect n is important, both to
New Mexico and the United States, that these embarrass-
ments should he quickly removed.
It is not doubted that the people of New Mexico desire
and want a government organized, with all pioper func-
tions for the protection and security of their persons and
property.
The question readily occurs, how that government can
he supplied ? I have already adverted to past and still ex-
isting difficulties that have retarded, and may continue to
retard, the action of the United States in respect to this ne-
cessary and first want.
To remove it may, in some degree, be the part of the duty
of oUicers of the Army, on whom, under the necessities
of the case, has been devolved a partial participation m
their civil affairs It it therefore deemed pioper that I
should say, that it is not belieicd that the people of Near
Mexico aierequired to await the movements of the Federal
Government in relation to a plan of government for the
regulation of their own internal concerns.
The Constitution of the United States, and the late treaty
with Mexico, guaranty their admission into the Union of
our States, subject only to the judgment of Congress.
Should the people of New Mexico wish to take any steps
towards this object,so important, and necessary to themselves,
it will he itour duty} and the duly of others with ivkom you
are associatedy not to thwart but advance their wishes. It
is their right to appear before Congress and usk admission
info the Union.
Other and complicated questions may arise which are con-
sidered as merged in this essential right of these people,
and for the decision of which we must look beyond the
authority of the Executive,
It will be instructive, and probably necessary, informa-
tion, when the people of New Mexico form a constitution,
and seek admission into the Confederacy of the States, to
have your observations and views on their probable num-
bers, habits, customs, and pursuits of life.
