108
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian. 8,
speech in the Senate&f the United States, might !
be transmitted to this body under the call of the
I2th of December. Remember, sir, that the first
communication of Mr. Crampton, transmitting
these two letters, was a confidential one. The veil
of secrecy was over the papers. They could not
have been sent to the Senate under the call of the
12th of December, if the British Minister had not
moved again, seemingly for the very purpose of
placing the papers within the reach of the call, so
that I might be met here upon the floor by Lord
Clarendon and Mr. Hardinge, the Glueen's advo-
cate.
Sir, I should have no objections whatever, if
the Eari of Clarendon were upon this floor, and
entitled to the privileges of a Senator of the United
States, to meet him in fair, manly argument upon
this whole question; I should not flinch from the
controversy if the Q,ueen's ad vocate were $y his side
aiding in the discussion; but 1 do object, as a Sen-
ator of the United States, to this mode of review-
ing in a British cabinet, speeches made by me in
Congress, because this mode of managing the con-
troversy allows me no fair play. If his lordship
were here discussing the question with me, I
could, as I should to one of my brother Senators
in debate, put questions to him that might elicit
confessions, both of fact and of law, all-important
for the decision of the controversy between us.
But now, I can make no rejoinder whatever to his
replication.
The two papers to which I have referred con-
tain nothing but a dogmatical assertion that the
treaty of the 4th of July, 1850, means this and that.
There is no argument in the papers. If those
whose names are subscribed to them were here,
and should make these declarations in my hearing,
upon their responsibility as Senators of the United
States, I could call for the argument to sustain the
assertions- But, sir, as it is, I say, with all due
deference to others, that my rights as a member of
Congress have been invaded by this whole pro-
ceeding; and I rise for the purpose of protesting
against it. I do not now intend to go into any
discussion as to the proper construction of that
treaty. On some future occasion I shall do so;
and I shall then meet what is contained in these
papers, and whatever can be said from any quarter
on that question, and I shall be happy to do so;
but for the present, as I have said, my chief object
is to protest against this proceeding as inconsistent
with my rights as a Senator.
The British G-overnment has the undoubted
right to read and review anything that we say
here; but was it ever before known, in the history
of this country, that a speech made by a member
of Congress, was thus reviewed by order of one
of the British Cabinet, and the review sent back to
the body of which he was a member? I do not
remember, and I do not believe there has ever
been, in the history of the country, a parallel in-
stance to this. In 1848 a discussion did arise
fjetween Mr. Buchanan, as Secretary of State, and
Mr. Be la Rosa, the Mexican Minister, residing
mar this Government, on this subject. At that
time President Polk had sent to the House of
Representatives a message vindicating his course
in regard to what is called 44 the Mexican proto-
col. " I mean the protocol of conferences made at
ilueretaro, between Messrs. Sevier and Clifford on
the one side, and Mr. De la Rosa on the other,
professing, to make explanations of the treaty of
Guadalupe Hidalgo. In one of Mr. De la Rosa's
notes he undertook to review the debates in Con-
gress upon that message of the President, and also
the message itself. Mr. Buchanan replied to him.
As I think thr.t the remarks then made by the
Secretary cf State are appropriate now, I ask the
Secretary to read a passage which I have marked
from Mr. Buchanan5k answer.
The Secretary read as follows:
" I have been thus minute in detailing the substance of
your note for the purpose of showing that it clearly raises
the question, whether a foreign Minister, accredited to the
Uuited States, has the right to a?k explanations from the
President concerning the debates and proceedings of Con-
gress-, or any me^^e which lie may transmit to either
Hoube, in the exercise of ins constitutional power and
duty.
Under the Constitution of the United Slates, Congress
is a distinct, independent, and coordinate branch of the
Federal Government. Their logi-hitivo powers arid duties
art. of the most important and responsible character. The
Pri'Mdeutlumstlf po^e^e-s no powei whatever to question
o! k> eoniiol iheir jtroofjedings, exempt in th* single ea^e of
the qualified veto, conferred upon him by the Constitution
To secure their absolute freedom of discussion, a vital
principle in every popular Government, the Constitution
itself declares, in regard to Senators and Representatives,
that 4 for any speech or debate, in either House, they shall
not be questioned in any other place.' The President
would violate the most sacred rights of the legislative
branch of the Government if he were to criticise or con-
demn any portion of their proceedings, even to his own
countrymen; much less, therefore, can he be called upon
by the representative of a foreign Government for any ex-
planation, condemnation, defense, or approval of these
proceedings. For them, Congress is responsible to their
own constituents and their country, and to no other human
power. This inviolability is essential to the permanence
of our free institutions.
" It is believed that, so far as regards the debates or pro-
ceedings of Congress, this is the first occasion in our history
on which it has becomenecessaiy to address the represent-
ative of any foreign Government. Not so m relation to the
messages of the President to Congress. There is, at least,
one case of a similar character, which you may find in the
archives of your own legation. Mr. Castillo, one ot your
predecessors, in a note of the 31th December, 1835, ad-
dressed to Mr. Forsyth, then Secretary of State, called upon
him for an explanation of the meaning of a paragraph re-
lating to Mexico, contained in President Jackson's annual
message to Congress, of December, 1S35. The answer of
Mr. Forsyth was prompt and decided. In a note, dated on
the 16th December, 1835, he informed Mr. Castillo 'that
< remarks made by the President in a message to Congress
' are not deemed a proper subject upon which to enter into
i explanation with the representative of a foreign Govern-
' nient.' On a somewhat similar occasion, Mr. Livingston,
then our Minister to France, on the 13th January, 1835,
informed the French Minister of Foreign Affairs that, in the
message of President Jackson to Congress, of the previous
December, ' there was nothing addressed to the French
' nation and he likened it, very pioperly,' to a proceeding
' well known in the French law, (a family council in which
' their concerns and interests are discussed,) but of which,
4 in our case, the debates were necessarily public.'"
4< Under our Constitution, it is the duty of the President,
from time to time to give to the Congress information of
the state of the Union, and recommend to their considera-
tion such measures as he shall deem necessary and expedi-
ent.' It is indispensable to the independent action of the
Government that these, communications between its coor-
dinate branches should be free and unreserved. These are
properly likened, by Mr. Livingston, to a family council. It
is a domestic conccrn, with which foieign nations have no
right to interfere. If this were otherwise, if the represent-
ative of a foreign Government could ask the President for
explanations ofbuch parts of his messages to Congress, or of
their proceedings, as might, in the opinion of such Minis-
tei,piove unsatisfactory to his Government at home, this
would neeessauly either impose a restraint on the free-
dom of action both of the President and Congress, or in-
volve the Executive m endless and useless discussions with
the other Powers of the world."
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, my object
in making this protest against what I deem to be
a violation of my rights as a Senator on this floor,
is not with a view to evade the discussion that is
tendered by the British Minister. 1 repeat, sir,
that, at a suitable time, when the honorable Sena-
tor who made this call shall have been heard, I
shall avail myself of an opportunity of meeting
the whole question; and I shall endeavor to show
that the dogmatical assertions contained in these
diplomatic dispatches, are not worthy of the high
sources from which they have emanated.
I do not desire to be understood, by anything
which I have said or may say, as imputing in-
; tentional wrong to Lord Clarendon, or to the
distinguished and amiable gentleman who rep-
resents the British Government here. My asso-
ciations with the latter gentleman have been such
as have taught me to respect and admire him; but
1 cannot avoid lamenting on this occasion that he
should have fallen into such an error; and I am
rather inclined to think, casting the mantle of
charity over this act, that it has been done by the
order of his Government without reflection. I
hope, sir, that as this has been the first instance
in the history of this Government in which such
a thing was ever attempted, it may be the last m
which any foreign Minister may venture to intrude
himself upon our family councils.
Now, sir, a few words in regard to what is
contained in the note of the 27th of May last. It
never was contended by me that the British pro-
tectorate, eo nomine, was abolished by thetreaty of
1850. What I contended for, and what I think I
can show beyond doubt to be true, is, that the
treaty disarmed the protectorate.
It is stated, in the letter of the 27th of May,
that Her Britannic Majesty's Government did
not, by the treaty, intend to renounce the protec-
torate. I have not claimed that they did. In
another note, one dated, I think, on the 29th of
April, not a month before the dote of the note to
which I last adverted, this remarkable expression
is contained: Great Britain, in case our Govern-
ment does not make a treaty supplementary or
additional to the treaty of 1850, " will retain her
position with regard to the Mosquito territory,
which ihe convention of 1850, if practically carried
out, was calculated and intended to modify; and
which, as Us provisions have not been carried out,
has not altered." That, if I understand the Eng-
lish language, is a distinct concession in that dis-
patch, that the treaty was both calculated and
intended to modify and alter the position which
Great Britain held in reference to the Mosquito
country, but for the reason given. Well, what is
the reason assigned for her refusal to permit it to
be modified and altered agreeably to the intention
of the treaty? Because, Saya the British Minister,
the provisions of the treaty have not been practi-
cally carried out. What is the meaning of that?
Is it pretended that this Government has refused
to carry out the provisions of the treaty > No, sir;
it is not pretended anywhere, in that or any other
correspondence which we have seen, that this
Government has not acted in perfect good faith
with Great Britain, with reference to this as well
as every other treaty.
It has been suggested to me that perhaps the
British Government mean by this to contend that
because the canal, which was contemplated by
the treaty, has not been made, therefore the pro-
visions of the treaty have not been carried out.
If that pretext is set up for the sake of getting rid
of the stipulations contained in the convention,
then, I ask, is there anything in the treaty that
binds us to make the canal? No, sir. This Gov-
ernment did not guaranty that the company en-
gaged in the construction of the canal, or which
it was said was about to be engaged in its con-
struction, should complete it or even begin it. If,
then, the canal has not been made by the company,
with what sort of propriety can Great Britain
contend that she is exonerated from the stipula-
tions of the treaty, alleging that its provisions
have not been practically carried out? If any
other construction can be put upon these words,
in this dispatch, by the ingenuity of any man, 1
should be very happy to hear him
I repeat, that I consider that very statement as a
distinct admission by the British Government that
the convention of 1850 was both calculated and
intended to modify and alter the position of the
British Government in regard to the Mosquito
country.
It appears that the letters of the Earl of Clar-
endon, addressed to Mr. Crampton nominally, but
really to the American Secretary of State, have
this great object in view: to induce this Govern-
ment to make another treaty in addition to the
treaty of 1850, which the British Government
would like better. They are not well pleased
with the treaty of 1850; but the American Secre-
tary of State, very properly, I think, passes over
all the implorations of the British Government to
make another treaty, and goes on quietly, in his
note to Mr. Ingersoll, to discuss the rights of the
! American Transit Company at Punta Arinas.
I In the final letter, in reply to the Secretary's note
| to Mr. Ingersoll, the Earl of Clarendon states that
■ he considers the tone of Mr. Marcy's note as
hostile, or, at all events, such as was not to have
! been hoped f r under the circumstances. What
I was it that was regarded as hostile in ihe note of
| the Secretary ? There was nothing m the expres-
sions which were hostile: but I suppose that the
thing which was felt most deeply was the silence
of Mr. Marcy in answer to all those entreaties or
; implorations to which I have referred. That
! silence, I presume, they interpreted rightly to
i mean that when the Secretary saw that a treaty
'' had been made in plain language, binding the
' British Government not to occupy Central Amer-
| ica, which they were not disposed to obseive, he
| thought it would be very idle to attempt to make
I another.
! It is said by the Eari of Clarendon that Great
Britain intends, "religiously " to observe thestipu-
l lations of the treaty. Yes, sir, " religiously "—that
! is the word. By the second article of the treaty
of Versailles, of the 3d of September, 1783, it was
i provided that the two parties to it should " ex-
|j actly and religiously "observe all the provisions of
;! all former treaties, and among the rest, of the
treaty of Paris of 1763, the object of the seven-
teenth article of which last treaty was to prevent
the British from occupying this very country
about which we are now debating. They obli-
gated themselves " religiously and exactly"-—
such are the words.—to observe that treaty. It is
interesting to look back at the history of the nego-
tiations attending the treaty of 1783, and the con-
