1854.
■THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■167*
rived any benefit from that appropriation? No,
sir. Not one rock has been taken out of the
channel, and not a single obstruction has been
removed. But, instead of that, we see the appro-
priations likely to be ail frittered away by a resur-
vey, and by new experiments, all to no purpose,
according to my judgment in this regard. It is
acknowledged by practical men, by thesteamboat
men of that river, a class of men distinguished
everywhere for their intelligence and their prac-
tical common sense, men who know every rock
over which they pass, from Keokuk to Galena,
that the original pian of Colonet Lee was the best
and most piacticable mode of improving these
rapids. Why not, then, carry that plan out in
letter and spirit, and make your appropriations to
do so? Why these delays, and why this great
injustice to the people of the Mississippi valley?
Why, sir, this appropriation was made two years
ago, and literally nothing has been done, and it
would seem that nothing is tobe done We come
here now from this great valley, and ask for a
proper and adequate appropriation, and tins
Committee on Commerce give us the pitiful sum
of $18,000 for each of these lapids. What kind
of an appropriation is that to remove such ob-
structions from a river like the Alississippi, upon
whose magnificent current floats millions and
millions of the commerce of this great nation, the
product of the enterprise and industry of the peo-
ple of that valley? i shall move to increase this
amount 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WENrWOllTH, of Illinois. It is very
easy to find fault with the esufhates of engineers
in general; but to come right square up to the
mai k, and say wherein those estimates are wrong,
is quite another matter.
Mr. HENN, (interrupting.) The debate was
to close in five minutes after we were in commit-
tee again, and we have already had one five-
minute speech.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to another ques-
tion of order, and it is this: that the biil is not m
a shape to be amended, and therefore it is not de-
batable until it is read over.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The first reading of
the bili w?is dispensed with
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do T understand that
there is already an amendment to the amendment
pending.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment to
the amendment pending.
Mr. RICH ARDSON. I submit, then, that, no
further amendment is in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. Before the vote is taken
upon this amendment, i feel it my duty to submit
a few remarks.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform
the gentleman from Indiana that remarks aie not
in order until the amendment ig disposed of.
[Cries of " duesnon !" " Question 1"]
Mr KERR. I demand tellers on the amend-
ment of the gentleman fiom Kentucky, [Mr.
Preston.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith, of
Tennessee, and Kerr, were appointed.
, The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 47; no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN. The roll must be called.
The roll was then called, the committee rose,
and the Speaker having resumed the chair, the
Chairman of the committee reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
having found itself without a quorum, had ordered
the roll to be called, nnd had directed him to re-
port the facts to the House, with the names of
the absentees.
The following is the list of the absentees:
Mcsms. A<he, David J. Hailey, Bail, Banks, Ba<ry, Bel-
Chei. Bell, Bi-^tll. Chn.=e, Chastam, Colquitt, Ci<uyp,
Cioeker. Cuilou), Doati, Dent, De Witt, Drum Dunbar,
Dunham, John M Elliott, Etheridjje, Ewinjr, Fuller. Gam-
ble, Goodra-b, CJreen, Gey, Hamilton, Andrew J. Il.ulnn,
W. Hams-, Hibburd, Hunt, hi«erftol!, GioiL'e
W. Jone*, Lamb, Lane, Latham. Lindsdev, Ljon. Mae-
dottrilri. MVN.or, Mace, Ma\we!!,'Mav, Meaeham. John
G. Miller, Miller, Morri^m, Old-, Peek. Peek-
lmm, Pennington, Bi-iiop Perking, Fhelp^, Phillips, Prmule,
Ree^e, Riddle, Thoma^ Ritrbev, Sewa.d, Shannon, Sun
moii"!, Sammd A Smith, William Smith, Alexander H.
£>n phwi<, T)a\id Smart, Phm-ton, Tiaey, Walsh, Wai-
ren, Wevfhii)  k, Wute, and Wriaht.
Mr. ENGLISH. I have in my hand a propo-
sition which I desire to submit as a substitute for
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Preston,] and which I hope will
meet with his approval. I should Sike to submit
some general remarks upon the question of a
canal at the falls of the Ohio; but as that is not
now m order, 1 will content myself with making
a brief statement of facts explanatory of my prop-
osition.
Prior to the year 1831, the United States, under
acts of Congress passed m 1826 and 1829, became
a stockholder to the amount of $230,000, in a
company chartered by the Legislature of Ken-
tucky, m 1825, known as the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company. This canal was com-
pleted about the year 1831, and from that time to
the present has been under the management of a
private companv, who have levied upon the com-
merce of the West taxes, m the shape of tolls,
Amounting in the aggregate to near the sum of
$3,000,000, or about three times the original cost
of the work. If! am correctly informed, the div-
idends prior to 1842, upon the$230,000 of Govern-
ment stock, went into the Treasury of the tinned
States, and fully reimbursed theamountongmauy
subscribed; but in that year the Kentucky Legis-
lature passed an act amending the original char-
ter, and providing that the United States, with the
dividends accruing upon her portion of the stock,
might purchase all t^e stock, and become the ex-
clusive owner of the canal.
The dividends have ueen so applied, and now j
we are officially informed that the United States j
will be the sole owner before the next meeting of j
Congress. If no other action be taken than to
adopt the amendment of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, the cannl will be lett under the control of
the Secretary of the Treasuty, or the present
management, unless, indeed, it wiil, aw some con-
tend, become forfeited to the State of Kentucky.
Now, sir, there are reasons why i prefer the mat-
ter to be turned over to the President, instead of
the Secretary of the Tieasury, (who represents
the stock of the United States, under the present
law;) and, also, other reasons why I prefer my
proposition to that of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky; but I wili riot trespass further upon the
indulgence of the committee, but will ask that it
be read by the Clei k. i am decidedly m favor of
abolishing all tolls, not only because I want to
take the burden off of the commerce of the river,
but also to cut off the possibility of tolls being
levied and applied to the enlargement of the pres-
ent canal, i ask that my amendment may be
read.
Mr. PRESTON. I hope the amendment will
be read, as m some respects it is better than my
own.
The substitute was reported, as follows:
And that so f-oon a? the Pi esnient of the United £tat°s_i&
notified In the boanl ol president and directorsoi the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company that all of the capital
stock of saw! company i>- owned by the I'mted States, and
that tlm paid company fr'-p lioni all d"bu and liabilities,
then the President of hie Uinit d States- MiaN be, and he is
hereby, auihojized and directed to appoint the proper olh
rein to take po-sesMun ol ?aid canal on the pnrt of the
United States, and to take enntio) ot the canal and canal
pioperty atoreMid, so that the same may not tall into decay
or ob<muct navigation; and die expenses attending the eu*
tody and management ot said e.mal and canal propeitv
shall be paid out of any money in (he TreaMiry nm other-
wise appiopnated. not exceeding the f-inn or" ^25,000 per
annum ; and from and after the 1 ^tf 1 u\ ol Jamiaiy nextthe
navigation ot s-aid canu! shall be fiee from all tolls ahd
charges whatsoever.
Mr. PRgSTON. I would state that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. English] asked me to
accept that as a modification of my amendment,
I would say thatthegentlernan's substitute, which
1 accept, is far more full than the amendment
which i hurriedly drew up; and m order to har- ]
monise these interests I am willing to accept it. j
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois \ rise to a !
point of order. 1 wish to ask the Chair if the I
amendment having reference to the puiciiase and J
taking possession of the canal has th#^ pertinency j
to this bill now under consideration as to entitle j
it to be considered m order? j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to j
the gentleman that it is too late to raise the ques- j
tion of order. The amendment or substitute has I
already been received by the committee in lieu of
the amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky, ,
[Mr. Preston.} j
Mr. ENGLISH. I will say to the gentleman j
from Illinois, that this is riot a new proposition, j
A law of Congress was passed many years ago ,
in reference to that canal. ii
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is in order.
The question then being upon the amendment
of Mr. Preston, as modified by the substitute of
Mr. English,
Mr. PRESTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace, and
Smith of Tennessee, were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 79, noes 43.
So the amendment to the amendment was i
to.
The question recurred on the amendment, as
amended.
Mr. WENT WORTEI. Is not the amendment
submitted by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
English] separate and distinct of itself?
The C H AIRM AN The gentleman from Ken-
tucky offered his amendment as an amendment to
the proposition of the gentleman frwn Pennsyl-
vania. The gentleman from Indiana submitted
his proposition as a substitute, which was ac-
cepted by the gentleman from Kentucky as a mod-
ification of his proposition.
Mr. WENTWOUTH. Then I understand
that the amendment carries an increase of the ap-
propriation some $100,000. Is this to be done
when we have no estimates?
[CneS of " Order!"]
TheCH AIRMAN. Discussion is not in order.
Mr. WENTJVORTH. I demand tellers on
the amendment as amended.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cox and
Florence wei e appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—aypy 73, noes 49.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SMI PH, of Tennessee, i wish to remark
that I expect to vote for the bill as it now stands;
but I cannot do so if many amendments arfe
adopted. i therefore move to strike out the
enacting words of the bill, in order to test the
question whether there shall be any more amend-
ments made to the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I call,for tellers.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
I understand the gentleman from Tennessee moves
to strike out the enacting clause.
Mr. SMITH. The enacting words of the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I make the point of order
that was made before—pending the civil and dip-
lomatic bill, I believe it was. 1 intend, so long as
I am a member of this body, to raise this question
of order, that the Committee of the Whole 
The CM AIRM AN. The gentleman from Ohio
has no nght to debate the question.
Mr. CAMPB m, I will not debate it, but I
will state the point'of order, and it is this: That
the motion to strike out the enacting clause of a
bill cannot be made in the Committee of the
Whole on the slate^of the Union, for the reason
that it uglifies and destroys the force of the very
rules that are prescribed for the government of the
Committee of the Whole.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Ohio is not well taken, and that it is competent
for the gentleman from Tennessee to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill,
Mr. CAMPBELL. I take an appeal from that
decision; and I propose to state the reasons on
which 1 found my position.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I refer the Chair to the
fact that but a few days ago, when this same point
was i aised, it was decided to be debatable.
Messrs. BOCOCIC and HOUSTON. In that
case debate was not limited.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I will state, in reply to
the gentlemen, that the debate was limited before
the point was made by me.
[Cries of " Oh, no ! no !"]
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from Ohio is mis-
taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the question is not debatable—debate having been
closed on this hill; and the question now before
the committee i9, " Shall the derision of (he Chair
stand as the judgment of the cooimiuee5"
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, i merely wish to
remaik that, inasmuch as the friends of the bill
seem to desire it, and as I do not wish to throw
