1678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
any impediment in the way of the bill, I will with-
draw my motion. But. { wish, at the same time,
to give notice that if these amendments are put
upon the bill I shall vote against it. In deference,
therefore, to the wishes of the friends of the bill,
1 withdraw my motion to strike out the enacting
"words.
Mr. PERKINS, .#of Louisiana. I renew that
motion.
Mr. CAMPBELL. And 1 renew the point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order,
Mr. CAMPBELL. And from that decision I
take an appeal.
Mr, TAYLOR, of Ohio. May I inquire ofthe
Chair, whether he decides that it is in order to go
back to the first section of the' bill, for the purpose
of entertaining the motion of the gentleman from
Louisiana?#
The CHAIRMAN. Yes; the Chair rules that
it is competent for any member to move to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill, debate having
been closed upon it, and, according to the recol-
lection of the Chair, this decision is in accordance
with the decisions heretofore made on that point.
Mr. WHEELER. ,1 demand tellers on the
appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. MiLLsoNand
Cox were appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to correct astate-
ment that has been made here, for the informa-
tion of the committee. That is in relation to the
point which I raised being debatable. It has
been said here by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, [Mr. Houston,] and also
by the gentleman who then occupied the chair,
that on the occasion which I referred to, debate
had not been closed on the bill when the same
question was raised. Now, 1 am informed by
the Clerk, and for the correctness of that inform-
ation, ! refer to the Journal, that debate had been
closed at that time, and that the case stood then
just us it stands now.
Mr. ORR. I think the gentleman from Ohio is
mistaken as to the fact in referencn^to debate not
having been closed at the time to which he refers.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, i call for the ques-
tion. This discussion is out of order.
Mr. DISNEY. A reference to the Journal will
show the facts.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairiscompelled to
call gentlemen to order. Debate is clearly out of
order.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 69, noes GO.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 objjjp to that decision.
The tellers announced the vote as fifty-eight in the
affirmative.
The CH AIRMAN. It was first so announced,
but the tellers afterwards reported nine more in
the affirmative.
Mr PECKHAM. It is precisely that to which
I object. I hold that, after the affirmative vote has
been once announced, it is not.in order to increase
that number by any additional votes.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChair decides thathe
had a right to receive the votes to which the gen-
tleman objects, and that the vote, as announced
by him, is the correct one.
Mr. PECKHAM. I appeal from that decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The tellers reported sixty
members in the affirmative, and after the negative
votehad been taken, they reported nine moie in the
affirmative; and theChairthen announced thevotes
as sixty-nine in the affirmative, and sixty in the
negative. The gentleman from New York objects
to the announcement of the tellers. The Chairover-
rules the question of order. The gentleman from
New York appeals from the decision of the Chair,
and the question is, " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. RICHARDSON. Why, Mr. Chairman,
the gentleman cannot appeal from an objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman appeals
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Chair has made
no decision, but merely stated the facts. The
gentleman has raised no question of order. He has
merely objected to the announcement of the vote
by the Chair.
Mr. PECKHAM. What I objected to, and
the point upon which I raised the question of
order, was, that the tellers had no right to an-
nounce an additional affirmative vote after the
negative had been taken.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
no appeal can be taken from the announcement of
a vote.
Mr. PECKHAM. 1 should like to know of
the Chair 
[Cries of " Order !"j
Mr. PHELPS. What is the question on which
we are now called to vote?
The CHAIRMAN. The question now recurs
on the proposition of the gentleman from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Perkins,] to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. McNAlR. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Zollic offer
and Hillyer were appointed.
The question was taken on Mr. Perkins's
motion; and the tellers reported—ayes 53, noes 72.
So the committee refused to strike out the en-
acting clause of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Are amend-
ments now m order?
The CHAIRMAN. They are now in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I offer, then, the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the survey of Galena river and harbor, $100,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would inquire of the Chair
whether that amendment is in order? 1 under-
stand this bill to be one to contirfue works which
have been already commenced.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the amendment offered by the genileman from
Illinois to provide for the commencement of a
new work, and therefore rules that it is not in
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. It says for the survey
of the river.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE. Upon what ground do
I understand the Chair as deciding the amendment
out of order ?
The CHAIRMAN. Because there is no exist-
ing law authorizing the extension and completion
of the work; and the amendment is not in accord-
ance with the general character of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I did not understand
that to be the case with regard to the amendment
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Preston.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question of order
was not made upon the proposition of the gentle-
man from Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBURNE. As this decision pre-
cludes all amendments of this nature, 1 desire to
obtain the sense of the committee upon the ruling
of the Chair, and therefore 1 must take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. LETCHER. I,would ask to have the
proposition of the gentleman from Kentucky
read.
The CHAIRMAN. That amendment is not
now before the committee. The Chair decides
that the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois
is not in order, upon the ground that it is not ger-
mane to the general bill, and because it is a prop-
osition making an appropriation for a new work
not provided for by law. The gentleman from
Illinois takes an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and the question now is, " Shall the decis-
ion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?" $
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr.-GREENWOOD. I offer the following
amendment:
For the improvement of the navigation of the White
river, Arkansas, to be expended under the dnection of the
Secretary of War, $50,Om).
Mr. RICHARDSON. Thatisforanew work.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to j
know if there is any existing law authorizing an
appropriation ?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think not. I think
the amendment I have offeied will come within
the decision just made by the Chair. I desire to
call the attention of the Chair to several items in
this bill which do not purport to be for works '
already commenced. I take it, from the reading of
the bill, that it is not what it purports to be. j
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must remind j
the gentleman from Arkansas that discussion is ]
not in order. !
Mr. GREENWOOD. I am-aware of'that;
but I simply desire to call the attention of the
Chair to the fact 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) TheChair
would beg to state to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, that, in the opinion of the Chair, the proposi-
tion submitted by him is not in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then i must again ask
the vote of the committee on that decision. And
I do so for this reason 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) TheChair
would most respectfully ask the committee to
attend to the reading of the rule on which the
decision of the Chair is based.
The Clerk read the 81st rule, as follows:
"No appropriation Fhall be reported in such general ap-
propriation InlK, or be in oider as an amendment thereto,
for any etpenditure not previously authorized by law, un-
less in continuation of appropriations for such public woiks
and objects as are already n  progress, and for the contin-
gencies for carrying on the several departments of the Gov-
ernment."
Mr. GREENWOOD. I was well aware of the
existence of that rule; but I was about remarking
to the Chair and the committee 
The CHAIRMAN, (interrupting.) The Chair
must again remind the gentleman that discussion
is out of order. Does the gentleman take an ap-
peal from the decision of the Chau*?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I do; and I will state
the grounds of my doing so.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has no
light to debate the question. He has a right to
state the grounds of his appeal, but without argu-
ment.
[Cries of " Question !" "Question !"]
The question was taken, and the decision of the
Qhair was sustained.
M$\ JONES, of Louisiana. I offer the follow
ing amendment:
For continuing the improvements on the raft on Red river,
$100. Jind be UJurfhcr enacted. That the joint resolution
entitled " a resolution explanatory ofthe act appropriating
money for the removal of the raft on Red river," approved
January 7, 1853, N*, and Hie same is hereby, iepealed ; and
That me Secretary ot the Department of War be authorized
to expend the appropriation in reference to the Red river
raft in such a way, and foi Mich purposes, as he mayap
prove, having in view the improvement of the navigation
of said river in and around the said xaft.
It will be seen at once, Mr. Chairman, that the
object which I had in view in proposing this appro-
priation of $100 was to bring this amendment
within the rules of the House, and to make it in
order. Some two years ago—it will be two years
in August next—the Congress of the United States
made an appropriation of $100,000 for the cleaning
out of the raft on Red river. That appropriation
authorized the Secretary of War to advertise and
let out this work to contractors. In 1853 Con-
gress modified that law and required that the person
lyho took the contract should agree to clear out
the river, and keep it open for a series of years.
The Secretary of War has, timeand again, offered
this contract to the public, but no one has offered
to bid for it for the reason, as I understand it,
and as I have no doubt is the fact, that no one
was willing to clear out the raft and keep the river
clear for the sum appropriated by Congress, be-
cause it would require an expenditure of $25,000
or $30,000 to procure the machinery necessary to
clear out this raft, if the contract were to be taken
by private individuals.
But the Secretary of War has stated, in a com-
munication to the House at this session of Con-
gress, in answer to a resolution of inquiry, which
I submitted myself, that he had no doubt that the
Government of the United States could remove
that raft; or, in other words, that the Govern-
ment could make the navigation open in the region,
or* the raft of the Red river for $100,000, for the
reason that the Government has already the ap-
propriate and necessary machinery for such work
in its possession.
It will be observed that the object of this amend-
ment is to relieve the law, which has already
made this appiopriatiori of $100,000, fiom those
onerous obligations and conditions attached to it,
and to leave the Secretary of War to do the work,
either by contract or by his own hands, through
the agency of such engineer as he may choose.
Now, Mr. Chairman, allow me to say that the
amendment which I have submitted is verbatim et
tiferatim the Senate bill which has been sent down
to this House, and that the main features of this
same Senate bill have been submitted to the Com-
