1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
Resolved, That the Presidentbe requested to cause a copy
of llje foiegomg resolutions to bo transmitted to General
Wool.
The main question on the adoption of the joint
resolutions was then ordered.
The resolutions were then read a third time and
passed.
Mr. BISSELL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolutions had just been adopted,
and to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
SWAMP AND WASTE LANDS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to re-
consider the vote by which a bill has just been
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, for the purpose of putting it
upon its passage. It is the bill which has just
been reported from the Committee on Public
Lands, entitled, "An actgranting relief to the pur-
chasers and locators of swamp and waste lands."
The Clerk read the bill.
The SPEAKER. The following is the amend-
ment reported by the committee to the bill:
" Provided, That Ihe proceeds of the land located under
this act, shall be exclusively applied, as far as necessary, to
the drainage of tile swamp and overflowed lands, ia said
Stale."
Mr. WASHBURNE. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
merely to state the reasons why I wish to have
reconsidered the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The bill has been read from the Clerk's table,
and gentlemen will see from that reading what it
is. under the act of September 28, 1850, grant-
ing to the State of Arkansas, and certain other
States, the swamp lands lying within their limits,
great confusion has arisen in regard to the loca-
tion of those lands. Before the selections of these
lands were made by the State, parties had gone
on, and in good faith made their entries of them;
and they are now claimed by the State, after they
have been purchased in good faith by individuals.
This bill proposes a remedy for this state of
things. It proposes'that upon a relinquishment
of these lands by the States in which they he, that
the entries by individuals shall hold good, while
the States shall be permitted to select an equal
quantity of land elsewhere in lieu thereof. It will
be perceived that this bill takes nothing from the
Treasury; and if this be not done under the law,
and under the rule of the Land Office, purchasers
of these lands will he permitted to apply for the
repayment of the purchase money. That, sir, will
not remedy the evil, although it will take from the
Treasury an amount of money equal to that for
which the lands would sell for at the minimum
price. In many, and, in fact, in most of these
cases, the settler has gone upon these lands, pur-
chased them in good faith, and paid his money for
them, and has placed improvements upon them
which, in many cases, are of greater value than
the original purchase money.
It is proposed, now, that where parties have
gone on in'good faith, and purchased and now
hold these lands, that the State may relinquish its
right to them, and select an equal quantity of land
elsewhere.
Let me state a reason why there should be early
action upon this matter. A great many patents
have been suspended by the Land Office, amount-
ing to between fifty and a hundred thousand, and
a very large number have been made out by the
office; and that bureau wants to have this matter
settled in some way, so that it can go on in its
ordinary routine of business. Again, there should
be early action in regard to this matter, because
titles are becoming more and more involved. The
purchasers from Government are selling, and yet
the States are coming in, under the construction
given to this law, and claiming these lands as ab-
solute grants to them from the time of the passage
of the act.
I hope, therefore, Mr. Speaker, that the House
will reconsider the vote by which this bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and that it will be put upon its pas-
sage. f certainly see no objection to this course,
nor to the bill itself, because, as I have stated
before, it takes no money from the Government;
and unless you give these lands, as the bill pro-
vides, these innocent purchasers will be permitted
to come in, and, under the law, be entitled to re-
ceive from the Treasury the money they have
paid for the land purchased by them. The question
is, will you pay back this money to the purchaser
of the land from your Treasury, or will you per-
mit an equal quantity of IsMid which is in market,
and which you want to sell, to be taken in lieu of
the money?
Mr. HILLYER. This bill requires more con-
sideration than we are now prepared to give to it;
I therefore move 
Mr. DISNEY, (interrupting.) If the gentleman
will allow me one moment?
Mr. HILLYER. I yield for the moment.
Mr. DISNEY. I apprehend that no gentleman
who possesses himself of the facts connected with
this bill, will entertain any doubt as to the pro-
priety of passing it. It will be well to state the
facts: By the construction given at the Land Office
to the act which has been alluded to by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] it has
been held that the title to all the swamp lands
vested in the respective States, at and from the
time of the passage of the act.
Mr. HILLYER, (resuming). I cannot yield the
floor to the gentleman for the purpose of making
a speech. 1 understood the gentleman desired
merely to make a remark. I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and there were upon a
division—ayes 78, noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
GEORGE G. BISHOP, ETC.
Mr. HILL, in behalf of the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office, introduced a bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, made
the order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed:
"A bill for the relief of George G. Bishop and the
legal representatives of John Arnold, deceased."
The list of committees having been called
through,
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky.- I ask if the
Committee on Printing has been called?
The SPEAKER. That committee being privi-
leged to report at any time, is not regularly called
at ail. The gentleman has the right to make a
report from that committee, if he desires.
REPORT OF THE COAST SURVEY.
Mr. STANTON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, then presented the following resolution; which
was read and adopted;
Resolved, That ten thousand copies of the Report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, communicating The reportofthe
Superintendent of Ihe Coast Survey, for the year 1853, m
addition to the usual number, be printed; six thousand copies
thereof for the use of the House, and the remainder lor dis-
tribution by tile Coabt Survey ; that thesame be printed and
bound in quarto form, and that the plates be printed under
the superintendence of the Coast Survey.
OUTRAGES UPON AMERICAN CITIZENS.
The following resolution, offered by Mr. Inger-
soll on the 14th December, having laid over one
day under the rule, was taken up and adopted:
" Resolved, That the President of the United States is re-
quired to furnish Congress, if, in iiis opinion, ihe public
mteiests will allow, with copies of all the correspondence
that lias passed between this Government and Spain re
latmg to the seizure and imprisonment of Captain Thad-
deus lieeeher and the officers and eiewof the schooner
North Caiolina, of and from New Haven, Connecticut,
by the Spanish authorities at Porto Rico, in the month of
March, 1850."
NAVAL STEAMERS.
The resolutions offeied on Saturday last by
Mr. Macdonai.d, calling on the Secretary of t)ae
Navy for information concerning Navy stearics
was taken up, read, and adopted. * '
j DISPOSAL OF THE PUJ5L1C LAND'
S The SPEAKER. When the House was last
in session, and pending the call of the States for
| resolutions, the gentleman from New York [Mr.
| Bennett] introduced a bill "granting lands equally
i to the several States to aid in the construction of
i railroads, and for the support of schools." The
| bill was regularly introduced, and a motion having
. been made to refer it to the Committee on Public
i Lands, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones]
! moved that it do he upon the table, and upon that
: motion the yeas and nays were ordered; where-
; upon the n'ouse adjourned.
i The question n<iw is upon the motion to lay
! that bill upon the table.
Mr. BENNETT. I desire to raise a point of
' order upon that motion, to lay the bill upon the
i table. I insist that it was not in order, and could
not take precedence of the motion to commit. The
bill was introduced merely for the purpose of ref-
erence. It was not up for action, or discussion;
but a motion was made to commit it to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. When the State of New
York was called for resolutions, that bill was
regularly introduced under the 114th rule, and it
fails tinder the same rule as resolution! are gov-
erned by. Now, under that rule, no resolution
can be debated on the day on which it is presented.
It is not open to debate, or discussion; and the
same rule applies, of course, to bills introduced
under the call for resolutions. The 4Gth rule,
which gives a motion to lay on the table priority
over other motions, only applies to cases in which
the question "is under debate"—is up for dis-
cussion and action. In any other case, I insist
that the motion first made must be first put.
I submit, then, first, that when a bill is intro-
duced, and a motion is made to refer it to a com-
mittee, there can be no motion to lay it upon the
table. It is not before the House. The bill is im-
perfect. Itis not complete, according to Jefferson's
Manual.
I submit, secondly, that even if such a motion
could be made, it does not take priority of other
motions, and, therefore., that the question on the
motion to refer must be first put.
And, lastly, I insist that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] was made
too late. The Chair will recollect that I intro-
duced this bill without objection; and that it was
read a first and second time without objection. I
then moved its reference to the Committee on
Public Lands, and the Chair declared that it
would be so ordered. And then, after that had
taken place, the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Jones] rose and moved that the bill lie upon the
table; and I insist that, under those circumstances,
that unusual motion—to say the least of it—
could not be made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submitted the
motion that the bill do lie upon the table; and if I
understand the rule under which the States are
called for resolutions, it does not authorize a mem-
ber to introduce a bill at that time.
It has been the practice to give leave at such
time to introduce bills of which previous notice
had been given; but suppose you place it on the
ground that the gentleman had a right to intro-
duce the bill when the State of New York was
called for resolutions; that he did introduce it, and
that there was no objection; and that it was read
the first time; then the course would have been to
submit a motion to reject it. That motion was not
made. The bill was read asecond time,and then it
was open fur commitment or amendment. If there
were no amendment, or the motion of reference
were voted down, then the question would be on
the engrossment of the bill. Certainly, sir, after
all these proceedings in the House.it is clearly
within the rules to lay upon the table, to postpone
to a day certain, to postpone indefinitely, or to
submit any motion which could be made upon it,
as if it had been referred to the committee and
reported back here, and then gone through the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the Union,
and come back here again. It was clearly in or-
der to move to lay on the table at any lime before
the vole on reference was taken. Thecal} for the
yeas and nays was also certainly in accordance
with the construction of the rule.
The SPEAKER. Under the 114th rule, the bill
was regularly before the body, and the motion to
| lay on the table was clearly submitted in order.
I That motion was a highly privileged one, and £he
Chair has no doubt that the motion was properly
! made, or that it was in order for the House to
refer or to postpone to a day certain, or to lay on
the table. The motion to lay upon the table may
be for to-day, or for all time to come, depending
i upon the action of the House thereafter.
I Mr. BENNETT. Do I understand the Chair
i to say that the motion in chief was made in time?
I The SPEAKER. The Chair so holds, no ob-
. jection having been made at the time to the enter-
i tainins of the motion. It has been the habit of
1 the Chair, in order to fac.ilitale business, to ask
members what action they propose in reference to
' bills which have been introduced, and on their re-
i ply, to state that it is so ordered, unless objected
to—sometimes omitting the words -'unless ob-
jected to."
Mr. BENNETT,
My objtction is, that this
