1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
•ashed for want of funds. This is 'not a pass in
which I feel any particular interest, except that* it
may be important to the whole country. But,
sir, if we are to do anything in regard to the con-
struction of a Paci&e railway, is it not desirable
to have the explorations expedited and going on
as quickly as possible?
The honorable Senator from Virginia is opposed
to the whole project; I mean he is against any en-
couragement being giveVi to it by this Government
by way of subscription, or loan, or the credit of
the Grovernjaent; but, if his exception is taken,
&nd shall prevail now, when shall we have a fur-
ther appropriation on the subject? In the month
•of September or October; and not even at the next
session of Congress, shall we have proper inform-
ation before us to enable us to act intelligently
upon the subject. I think honorable Senators
might, under these circumstances, strain a point a
little in their construction of the rule. The object
is important. There is a pass which has not been
explored heretofore. Intelligent gentlemen say
that it is more practicable and feasible than any
other yet spoken of in passing the Sierra Nevada.
But it is proposed to reject the increased appropri-
ation because it is not a deficiency. I allege it is
a deficiency. It is so much of a work 'that was
directed by the last Congress to be done. The
appropriation proposed to be made is considered
to be sufficient for the purpose of carrying out the
design, and having complete explorations, as we
should, of various passes. The work is unfin-
ished. This is a deficiency; and it is very import-
ant to the public interest on other grounds that
the appropriation should be made now.
Mr. BADGER, i hope the Senator from Vir-
ginia will withdraw his objection to the amend-
ment. Let it be agreed to; andletus getthrough
with the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I hope so; and I have to say but
a word to show that he should. Certain passes
have already been surveyed under the appropria-
tion which has been made. This pass has not
been surveyed, it should be done, so that we
may have all the information we can get to lead
us to act properly. Why not make the appro-
priation for it now as well as at any other time?
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. J offer the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Interior be, an$ he is hereby,
directed to examine the claims presented by certain coun-
ties of the lateTerrttoryof Iowa, torexpen«es of the United
States districtcouit, which were paid by said counties prior
to the admission of said Territory into the Union as a State ;
and if, upon such examination, he is satisfied that, prior to
time, the said counties had paid money, which, in ac-
cordance with the instructions of the First Comptroller of
the Treasury, dated December 19, 1843, should have been
paid by the marshal of the United States for said Territory,
he is directed to audit and allow the same.
A report was made by the Committee on the
Judiciary at the last session,and a similar one was
made before, upon which appropriations were
made to pay for ihe expenses which were incurred
hi the counties of Lee and Des Moines. This is
to pay other counties which have not yet been ad-
justed at the Department. The matter has under-
gone thescrutiny of the Judiciary Committee, and
by that committee approved as to the counties
which 1 have mentioned. At this session the sub-
ject was sub-committed to the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Bright,] who has been detained from
the Senate some time by indisposition, fie kept I
the papers in his hands, and fur that reason, and
that reason alone, the Committee on Finance have
siot offered the amendment. The papers are in his
hands, or the committee would, I have. 110 doubt,
have offered theamendment. The matter has been
heretofore investigated by the chairman of that
committee, and by him, and other members of the
committee, approved. I hope that the fact of the j
sickness of the Senator from Indiana will not oper-
ate to deprive us of this actof justice.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments made were ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time, and
it was read a third time, and passed. The title
was amended, on the motion of Mr. Badger by
adding " and for other.purposes."
REPORT ON MEXICAN CLAIMS.
Mr. BROWN. When the chairman of the
committee on the Gardiner claim [Mr. Brodhead]
made his report the other morning, I suggested
the propriety of printing an extra number of
copies of the report, knowing that it would be
sought for. I have a letter in my hand from the
public printer stating that it is now going^through
the press. Some thirty-five or forty pages are in
press, and have been worked oIF. If any order for
the printing of extra copies is to be made, it should
be done now, or it will be more expensive. I
therefore- move that three thousand extra copies
be printed for the use of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the rule,
the motion will be referred to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. BROWN". I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it, and that it will be agreed to without
being sent to the committee, as, I repeat, there isa
necessity that the order should be made at once,
if made at all. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate that it be now made.
The motion was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On the motion of Mr. BADG ER, it was
Ordered, That when the Seriate adjourn to day, it be to
meet on Monday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. (jt WIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of Executive business; and,
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, J\Iarch 31, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Si.icer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I desire to ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to take up a bill from
the Speaker's table; and if I call be permitted to
explain in a few words the nature of the bill, I
think the House will see the propriety of taking
speedy action upon it.
The time for closing mail contracts, as gentle-
men well know, expires on the 10th of April next.
In the report of the Postmaster General, which I
hold in my hand, you will find it stated that it is
necessary, with a view of the transmission of the
great mails from the East and the West, that he
shall contract with the mail contractor to put a
double line of stages between the cities of Mont-
gomery and Mobile. For that purpose, he en-
tered into a contract with the gentleman then car-
rying the mails for the second line. The original
contract was for $36,000.
He agreed with the contractor that, if he would
put on another line, he would pay him the sum of
$24,000, or two thirds of the original contract. It
was done with this stipulation, that inasmuch as
he was to be put to the expense of double stop-
ping on the line, he would recommend to Congress
that they would authorize him, if the contract
was properly fulfilled, to extend the contract; and
with this stipulation also, that if Congress refused
to extend it with him, or to authorize the Post-
master General to extend it, that then the Post-
master should pay him the sum of $6,000. I
desire to read 
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Alabama should
proceed with his remarks.'
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will occupy but afew min-
utes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it his duty
to inquire of the House whether or not there is
any objection to the gentleman proceeding with
his remarks ?
Mr. EDGES/TON. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama if the bill in question is not upon the
Speaker's table, and if it will not be reached in
the legular order of business. I understand, if
the regular order of business is proceeded with
that it will soon be reached.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman objects, of
course I must suspend my remarks.
Mr. EDGERTON. I am willing to oblige the
gentleman, butthe bill will bereached directly after
proceeding to the regular order of business.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Edgektqn] objects, I will proceed no further.
We could take up the bill now and pass it* in a"
very few minutes., if the House sawfit to do, £Q.
It would save the Government,$6,000, whiisft.,we
might just as well save. - • 1
The SPEAKER. I? the objection withdrawn?
Mr. E£)GERTON. It is hot. 1 insist upon the
regular order of business. ,
■ Mr. DUNBAR, by the unanimous consent of the
House, presented resolutions of the Legislature'of
Louisiana, asking for a grant of land for. tB,e ben-
efit of an asylum for the deaf, dumb, and blind,
and for educational purposes in that State; which
were referred to the Committee oti Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
The following Senate bills upon the Speaker's
table were then taken up in their order, and
referred as.indicated below:
An act for the relief of Theodore E. Elliott.
Referred to the Committeeon Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of Dempsey Pitman. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A11 act for the relief of Asbury Dickins. , Re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of Lieutenant A. J. Wil-
liamson. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act for the relief of-William P. S. Sanger.
Referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
An act for the relief of Mrs. Helen McKay,
administratrix of Lieutenant Colonel i&neas
McKay, late deputy quartermaster general crffHe
United States Army. Referred to tne Committee
on Military Affairs.
' An net for the relief of W. R. Nevins. • Referred
td the Committeeon Patents and the Patent Office.
An act for the purchase of the 'copyright .of a
work published by Thomas H. Sumfier, wherein
he describes his new method of ascertaining a ship's
position at sea. Referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
An act for the relief of the executrix of the late
brevet Colonel A. C. W. Fanning, United States
Army. Referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
An act for the relief of the heirs and representa-
tives of Colonel Alexander G. Morgan. Referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
A resolution for extending the'existing contract
for carrying the mail in Alabama.
Mr PHILLIPS. Mr.Speaker, I wishtomake
a brief statement in reference to that resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the resolution be read.
The resolution was accordingly reported by the
Clerk, as follows:
"Revolved, 8,'c., That the Postmaster General be, and he
is heiehy, authorized to extend the existing contract for
carrying the mail upon the route between Montgomery and
Mobile, for four years from the time at which said contract
shall expire by its own limitation, if,- in his opinion, the
public interests and convenience would be promoted by
such extension of said contract." _
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask that the bill ,be placed
upon its passage; and for the purpose of showing
the propriety of it, I will read to the House what
the Postmaster General says of it in his report:
" There is, however, between Montgomery and Stock-
ton, Alabama, another portion upon which delays and
irregularities have been occurring to nn extent equaling
those on th^ sea route above referred to, although arising
from quite different causes.
'• One daily line of coaches has heretofore been provided,
running (in connection with a steamboat between Mobile
and Stockton) over a natural road of one hundred and
sixty miles in length, frequently liable to obstructions from
high water and other cau.-es, and not kept in good repair,
traversing, as it does, a sparsely populated section of coun-
try. Such mode of conveyance, upun such' a road, has
been found entirely inadequate for (he-vast accumulattdn
of mails at Montgomery, conveyed-thither from Boston,
New York, and other cities, along the whole extent of that
great line. <
" Considering the increase in the amount of man mat-
ter of all descriptions, especially printed matters the trans-
mission of bound volumes and other public documents,
printed by order ot Congress, increasing) as they do, from
year to year, and of all the matter fiom the several Lxecu-
ttve Departments of the General Government, al.so rapidly
increasing in quantity, and m view of the fact, also, that
all the mails for Mobile, New Orleans, and beyond, thus
accumulated by contributions from Boston to Montgomery,
are conveved to the latter point by railroads and steam-
boats, especially the fuimer, it is a matter of surprise that
th«-y have been forwarded by one daily coach in a manner
at all approaching regularity. .
" These facts rendered most imperative the necessity ot
providing immediately more adequate means of convey-
ance; and. accordingly, on the 18th of October last, a
second daily line of four horse coaches was ordered be-
tween Montgomery and Stockton, Ahibagna, to connect
wiih the >«teamboat hnebetween Stockton aijd Mobile, with
the stipulation that the contiactors sbo\vld furnish vehicles
of sufficient capacity to convey whatever mail may be
daily received at Montgomery or Stockton, and that tho
