1680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11.
amendment, 1 say, is to authorize the Secretary
of War either to remove the raft, or, if he deems
it more expedient, to cut a canal round the raft.
T-he very object of this appropriation is either to
improve this communication by the means which
nature has already provided, or else to remove
the raft, if that course should be deemed more
advisable. .Now, let me say that this canal, if
cut around the raft, would go directly through the
Government land. There are no private lands
there. They belong to the General Government.
Let me add further, that the Legislature of the
State of Louisiana passed a law last session au-
thorizing the General Government to cut the canal.
[Cries of " Gluestion!,? " Gluestton!"]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment to the amendment proposed by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson.]
Mr. LETCHER. Let us have tellers upon it,
that we may see how many Democrats we have
got here. [Laughter.]
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Campbell were appointed.
Thequestion was taken*, and the tellers reported
-—ayes 44, noes 75.
So the amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend by striking
out $100 and inserting $102,400. I propose this
amendment because I want to make tne two sides
.of the line equal in expenditures. By this bill
you-have appropriated for works north of the
rofomac §242,400, which is more than we have
had down South, by precisely the amount I have
nam«d in my amendment. By the* States' rights
bill of my friend from North Carolina, [Mr
Ashe,] which passed the House yesterday, we
received $140,000; and if this amount is increased
to $102,400, jt will make the entire amount for the
South #\!02,400, the same as that received on the
other side of the line.
Now, sir, 1 have heard some strange notions
advanced here to-day. 1 thought it had been a
well settled doctrine in this House for a long time
past, that the constitutional powers of the General
Government to construct roads and canals would
permit you to begin at the boundaries of civiliza-
tion, and go into the wildermss to any extent, but
that you could not begin at the seat of Govern-
ment and travel to the boundary line of civiliza-
tion
Mr. COBB, (interruptihg ) Is the gentleman
from Virginia m order ? Jt seems to me that we
had better begin right at the outset. Suppose we
,hnve the resolution of yesterday read ?
Mr. LETCHER. I am talking aboutimprove-
ments; and it strikes me that if anybody is out
of order, it ts the gentleman from Alabama.
Mr. COBB. Oh, no; I am clearly in order.
Mr LKTCFTEft. The gentleman from Ala-
bama, if I mistake not, is one of those who be-
iteve in the doctrine I just alluded to, that it was
proper for the Government to take money from
the Treasury, or to donate alternate sections of
land to build roads or canals from the outside line
—from the furthest side of Arkansas, at least, on
to the western side of the continent.
Now, sir, I do not hold to any such doctrine.
I hold that, if you can, at the' public expense,
make roads from the western border of Arkansas
to the Pacific ocean, you can begin here at the
seat of Government, and build a railroad to the
western border of Arkansas, and then you would
have a continuous line of improvements.
But my friend from Louisiana advances a still
more st range doctrine. He says it is in the power
of the Government to make this canal, with the
consent of the State in which it is located. Now,
sir, will he tell me how the consent, of a State can
enlarge the powers of the General Government?
If the General Government has no power to do
it without the consent of the State, will that
consent confer any constitutional power upon the
Government ? This seems to me a stranger doc-
trine than any I have heard yet.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. The gentleman
misunderstood me. I did not say the Government
of the United States had no power to improve
any river or any harbor within its limits, without
the consent of the States, but I said that, with
that consent, surely there could be no dou^t upon
the subject.
Mr. LETCHER.. Well, sir, my friend from
Louisiana is a real hair-splitter in earnest.
[Laughter.] Now, sir, if the General Govern-
ment has the power to construct these works of
improvement without the consent of the State,
then what do you want the consent of the State
for; of what value is it in any way ?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICHARDSON. I believe if the gentle-
man from Virginia will r£fer back to a statesman
from his own State, who was presumed to under-
stand the Constitution of the United States toler-
ably well, he will find that that statesman laid
down the very doctrine which thegentleman from
Louisiana [Mr. Jones] planted himself on this
morningj i allude to Mr. Madison. And there, I
apprehend, is the origin of this doctrine of the ne-
cessity of obtaining the consent of a State, to con-
struct works of improvement within her borders.
Mr. LETCHER. Willthe gentleman be good
enough to give us the reference?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I shall try to furnish
you with the reference and the document itself.
It will afford .me much pleasure to give the gentle-
man information on the subject, as I think he
needs it. [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER Thank you !
Mr. RICHARDSON. Thegentleman makes
another point to which I wish to allude for a
moment. He can see no difference between
making improvements outside of the States and
making them inside. Nobody, I believe, has as
yet questioned the right of the Government to
construct roads and make other improvements
across territory, over which she has full and
entire jurisdiction. So far as these points are con-
cerned, I admit they are not germane to the sub-
ject now under consideration, but I deemed it
necessary to make the reply which I have.
Mr. WALSH. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, the Chairman (Mr. McMul-
lin,) reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had the Umoiu^enerally
under consideration, and particularly House bill
No. 392, the river and harbor appropriation bill,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bills and Joint resolutions, which thereupon re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker:
H. R. No. 130. An act for the relief of Samuel
W. Brady;>
H. R. No. 201. An'act for the construction of
certain military roads and wells in the Territory
of New Mexico;
H. R. No. 191. An act for the relief of George
W. Gibson;
II. R. No. 119. An act to provide for the con-
tinuation of the military road from Myrtle Creek
to Scottsbnrg, in Oregon;
H. R. No. 129. An act for the relief of Cor-
nelius H. Latham;
H. R. No. 294. An act for the payment of the
civil officers employed in the Territory of New
Mexico while under military government;
H. R. No. 375. An act to provide a pension for
Sergeant W. Torrence;
H. R. No. 341. An act to refund to the Terri-
tory of Utah the expenses incurred by said Terri-
tory in suppressing Indian hostilities;
i H. R. No. 339. An act to authorize the Secre-
I tary of War to settle and adjust the expenses of
j the Rogue River Indian war;
j Joint resolution (No. 28) to correct a clerical
] error in the act approved June 22, 1854, to au-
j thorize a register to be issued to the steamer El
j Paraguay by a new name;
! Joint resolution (No. 21) explanatory of the
! second section of a resolution to establish certain
j post offices, yppjoved July 12, 1852; and
! An act for the relief of A. B. Roman,
j Mr. CRAIGE. 1 move that the House do now
j adjourn.
j Mr. ORR. I hope my friend from North Car-
i olina will withdraw that motion. Let us go into
! the Committee of the Whole again and finish the
> river and harbor bill.
Mr. CRAIGE. I decline withdrawing the
motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will with-
draw it, I think we can get through one tff the
small appropriation bills to-day.
Mr. ORR. If the House does not adjourn, I
shall make the piotion to go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STUART* of Michigan, demanded tellers
on the motion to adjourn.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Hughes and
Kerr were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 52.
Mr, ORR. I ask for the yeas and nays. It
is now only twenty minutes after three o'clock.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 74, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Benson, Benton, Bliss,
Brooks, Campbell, Chamberlain, Chandler,Oho*:man, Cor-
win, Cox, Craig*, Gumming, Curtis, Thomas Duvi?, Dick-
inson, Disney, Edgerron, Edmandt*, Edmundson, Ellison,
English, Farley, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Ftankltn,
Goode, Gteen, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Hie^ter,
Hill, Johnson, Keilt, Kittredge, Lamb, Letcher, Lilly,
Lindiey, McCulloch, McNair, Matteson, Maurice, Max-
well, Middleswarth, Morrison, Nichols, Moideeai Oliver,
Peekham, Bishop Perkins, Powell, Puryear, Thomas
Ritchey, Rowe, S.xlun, Shannon, Shaw, Singleton, Gerrit
Smith, William Smith, Sellers, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richatd H. Slnnton. John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Van-
.sant, Wade, Walley, WaWi, Israel Washhuin, Daniel J3,
Wright, and ZollicofFer—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Aik^n, Appl^ton, Barksdale, Barry,
Bocock, Boyee, Breckinridge, Caruthere, Caskie. Chinch-
well, Clark, Clingman, Cobb. Cutting, Dawson, Dinvri'll,
Eddy, Thomas D. Eliot, Eve-ihart, Fenton, Giddmgs,
Gieemvood, Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, Hnven, Henn,
Houston, Howe, Hughes, Roland Jones, ICeir, Knox,
Ltndsley, Mcdueen, Macy, Millson, Morgan, Noble, Nor-
ton, Orr, Packer, Pennington, John Perkins. Phelps,
Phillips, Pratt, Proton, Ree-u>, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Robbing, Rogers, Ruffin, Russell, S:ig< , Sapp, Seymour,
George YV. Smyth, Hestor L. Stevens, Strauon, Andrew-
Stuart, David Stu-ut, Nathaniel G. Taj lor, Trout, Vail,
EJhhu B. Wa^hburne, Wells, John Wentwortli, Tappan
YVentworth, Wheeler, and Yates—72.
The House thereupon (at three o'clock and
thirty-five minutes, p. m.) adjourned till to-mor-
rOw at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, July 11, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. HenJly Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. EVANS presented a petition of inhabitants
of Lower Salem, South Carolina, praying a re-
duction of the present rates of ocean postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ROCKWELL. I present the petition of
J. Horsford Smith, United States consul at Bey-
rout, Syria, requesting an increase of his com-
pensation. He states that he has been consul at
thafplace since 1849; th&t the Treasury of the
United States has received more than $100,000
from the trade opened between that place and the
United States, and that his compensation is ut-
terly inadequate, and ought to be increased. I
move that the petition be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROCKWELL also presented a petition
signed by five hundred citizens of Massachusetts,
praying the repeal of the fugitive slave law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I present the memorial of Jo-
seph Goddard, a merchant of New York, in which
he sets forth that the fugitive slave act has been
adjudged, by the ablest writers and the plainest
rules of construction and common sense, to be
unconstitutional,and he prays that it be repealed.
I also present a memorial of members t f the
Unitarian Church, at Cambridgeport, Massachu-
setts, headed by their pastor, asking for the repeal
of the fugitive slave act. 1 move their reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.^-
Mr. RUSK presented documents relating to the
claim of James L. Collins, for money expended
in the purchase of furniture for the Government
house, at Santa Fe, New Mexico; which were
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. CHASE presented a petition signed by in-
habitants of Oberlin, Ohio, praying a reduction in
the rates of ocean postage; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSON presented a petition of citizens
