1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Was the amount of the first contract. It was ac-
cepted by the Department under the regular bid-
duig. This increased service, though equal to
tlworiginai mail service, was assumed by the con-
tractors for $24,000.
Mr. GREY. 1 ask if that contract was not
made with Mr. Wade Allen, to terminate the 1st
of July next, for daily service, at $36,000 per
annum?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know. There was
a contract with Wade Allen, or Wade Harris—
Allen, I believe—but I am informed this day by
, the Postmaster General himself, that the Depart-
ment never has been able to get a contract prop-
erly carried out on that section of the route The
contractors who have preceded the energetic gen-
tleman who has it in charge at present, have made
constant and continued and annoying failures in
carrying the great mail North and South, to the
disturbance of the Department.
I wish to say one word more whilst I am upon
the floor. The Postmaster General told me also,
this morning, in connection with the present con-
tract, that it has been faithfully and punctually
performed, and that there have only been a few
insignificant failures. It has been infinitely better
performed than it ever has been by any other con-
tractors on that section of the route.
Mr. GREY. The gentleman does not answer
my question. I want to know what was the
contract price per annum allowed to th«"lowest
bidder at the last" lettings " of mail contracts?
which is the contract those present contractors
recently " bough! out" from Wade Allen.
Mr. HOUSTON". Thirty-six thousand dollars.
Mr. GREY. Well, that is all I ask to know.
Sir, I will tell you what I am informed in relation
to this matter. That Wade Allen has had this
contract for two or three terms of four years, and
had it at different rates of compensation. He
took the contract for daily service between Mont-
gomery and Mobile for one term at $26,000 per
annum, then at $31,000 or $32,000, then down
again to a lower rate, and his last contract was at
$36,000. Now, Wade Allen, I learn, was a man
of wealth, and responsible; and if he failed to per-
form the service regularly, the Postmaster Gen-
eral was authorized to fine, deduct, or forfeit and
relet the contract, and was not authorized by law
to receive him as a bidder at future lettings.
But I am informed Wade Allen was the legally
accepted contractor for the four years ending
the 30th June next; that he lias been dead for
a year or two, and his representatives have carried
on that mail service. If he had been a defaulter,
the Postmaster General would certainly have
obeyed the requirements of the law, and forfeited
his contract, readvertised under the law for pub-
lic competition among bidders, and relet the route
in that way, instead of giving it by a private con-
tract to any certain individual. But, sir, it is not
charged that Wade Allen or his representatives
were defaulters. It seems, sir, that last winter a
gentleman who was or had been a special and
confidential agent of the Post Office Department,
entered into an arrangement with another, by
which they bought this contract of Mr. Wade
Allen's lepresentatives, well knowing it Lei initiated
on the 39th of June—bought it last winter. That
contract was for adaily mail between Montgomery
and Mobile, at the rate of $36,000 per annum;
and they have been aliowed $24,000 per annum
more, making for that service between Mont-
gomery and Mobile $60,000 per annum.
Mr. Speaker, in reply to the gentleman's [Mr.
Houston's] remark as to the punctuality and
regularity of the mails since those " energetic
contractors" have been performing the service, I
will remark that the members of this Congress,
and the newspapers, North and South, will, and
have protested, that the mails to and from the
South have never been more irregular than during
the past winter.
Now, sir, f ask whether, when there is only
one mail a day from this city to Montgomery,
and one mail a day from Montgomery on towards
Vicksburg, for Arkansas, North Louisiana, and
all the West, and only one mail a day from Mobile
to New Orleans, do we want two mails a day be-
tween Montgomery and Mobile?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know whether the
gentleman from Kentucky was in the House
when I read what is stated by the Postmaster
General.
Mr. GREY. I was not in the House at the
time, but I presume I have been informed of all
the positions taken by the Postmaster General in
his report.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky asks what is the necessity of another daily
line between Montgomery and Mobile, when there
is a daily line from Montgomery to Mobile and
New Orleans? I will answer the gentleman by
saying that the mail is carried from Mobile to
New Orleans by steamboat.
Mr. GREY. There are many members of this
House living in the South, and they know that
a large mail goes frorff Montgomery on, in daily
coaches, by Columbus and Jackson, Mississippi,
to Vicksburg, for Arkansas and the northern part
of Louisiana, and connected with the daily mail
boats running upon the Mississippi river between
Louisville and New Orleans. How does it happen
that such an immense amount of mail matter goes
from Montgomery to Mobile ? We pay millions to
send our mails by ocean mail steamers from New
York to Cuba, to Mobile, and the different ports
of Mexico. I do not think, from my knowledge
of the mails through the country, that there is so
great an amount of mail matter which ought legally
and properly to pass on the route from Montgom-
ery to Mobile as requires two daily lines of four-
horse coaches to carry it.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE here made an inter-
ruption, winch was entirely inaudible to the Re-
porter.
Mr. GREY. I submit to this House whether,
if two daily lines are necessary there, it is not by
law made the positive dull/ of the Postmaster Gen-
eral to advertise and contract for that grade of
service at the regular mail tellings, which come off
every four years? If semi-daily service is neces-
sary there, 1 do not object. The point I make is,
that it should not be given by a private contract to
any one, in violation of law and of the rights of
regular bidders. Let all have a fair and equal
chance, and let the Government have the advant-
age of the saving resulting from that open compe-
tition. Such is the point I make against all spe-
cial legislation for individuals.
This special agreement is this: They were allowed
§24,000 extra for carrying the very identical mails
for which the contract, just then purchased of Wade
Allen, paid them $36,000 for carrying, and to have
the contract secured to them for the next four
years at the $60,000 per annum, wUlwut any com-
petition with other bidders.
Had the Postmaster General any right to make
such a contract? He now acknowledges he had
not, but asks Congress to authorize him to do so.
Mr. Speaker, whatever might be my confidence
in his wisdom, I will refuse to do so, because there
is neither justice, propriety, or necessity for ex-
empting this route from the usual and legal mode
of contracting.
Sir, my observation has taught me to believe
that too great discretionary power should not be
given to those in authority. I will state a case by
way of example. A Mr. Buckles, of Kentucky,
had a contract for carrying the mails in steam-
boats from Louisville to St. Louis at $10,000 per
annum. Buckles was not on good terms person-
ally with everybody at the Post Office Depart-
ment, and during the ice and fogs of winter made
failures,and perhaps did not do his full duty. He
was heavily fined—deductions made from his
pay—hiscontractforfeited—and the usual month's
extra pay allowed (by law) when contracts are
forfeited was withheld from Buckles.
In less than two months after the contract of
Buckles was forfeited, another contract was made
with Shirley & Co., for steamboat service on the
same route, from Louisville to St. Louis, at much
higher price, and without any public advertisements,
or any competition permitted between bidders.
This special contract with Shirley & Co. was
first made in 1851. Under a law of last Congress
the Postmaster General advertised for proposals
or bids to be sent in by " 3 p. m. of the 10th day
of February, 1853, to be decided on or before the
1st of March following, for conveying the mails
of the United States, for four years from 1st
July, 1853," on this river route from Louisville
to St. Louis, (and on other river routes.)
The bids were sent in, accepted, and the con-
tractors officially informed on the 2d March, 1853,
of such acceptance. The contract was executed
by the parties. Yes, sir, indorsed, " signed,
sealed, arb delivered - by the' postmaster
General." • . -
Yet, Mr. Speaker, after all that these lowest
bidders and contractors are refused Che privilegeof
carrying that mail under their contract from £oa-
isville to St. Louis, and Shirley & Co. are now
performing that very service, and that, too, with-
out any contract for it, but for which the Post-
master pays to them and the agentV messengers
about $90,000 per annum; yet Shirley & Co. per-
form very little more service than Buckles did for
$10,000 per annura.
I state here, from information from the Post
Office Department, that Shirley & Co. are now prt-
tending to perform that service without a contract,
but are allowed, including agents, about $90,000
per annum, all of which is (I believe) charged
againft the State of Kentucky for " mail facili-
ties;" yet those facilities furnished by them to Ken-
tucky, for the last nine months, have been worse
than worthless.
Such, Mr. Speaker, has been the result of a
"discretion" exercised on that route along the
northern border of Kentucky. Forbid the exer-
cise of " discretionary powers," and enforce.the law
in regard to " letungs" and lowest bidders, and
all will be right. At all events, we ean then un-
derstand how far the la to allows the Postmaster
General to go.
But, sir, as to this special,- or discretionary, or
private contract between Montgomery and Mobile.
How is it that such great injury is apprehended
to the interests and convenience of the public if
this contract is not renewed,,secured,1 and ex-
tended for four years to those gentlemen? It was
entered into last winter, with a knowledge that it
would terminate in June next. Sir, reject this
proposition, arid, my word for it, this route will at
the regular (t mail lettings" on the 10th of next
month, he "let" to responsible contractors who
will perform the service much better than it has
been performed during the last winierand spring.
Sir, I shall move to refer the resolution to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. .Let
it take the course which legislation of a general
character takes. All private bills that are brought
up for the relief of injured claimants, some of
whom have been appealing to this House for long
years to do them justice, are referred to appropriate
committees, to be examined in all their beain
ings,and reported upon fully to the House. Sir, I
understand a gentleman who is, <or has been a
"special and confidential agent of the Post "Office
Department," and his partner, bought'out this con-
tract, and that, very soon afterwards, this e^xtra
allowance was made. Why was it not allowed
to the previous contractor? He, it. scorns, hadi
for many years carried all those liHiiU in a daily
line of coaches; and if the present contractors can-
not do it, then "let" the service accordingly'to
him.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not hear distinctly the
remarks of the gentleman from Kentucky, will
he please repeat them ?
Mr. GREY repeated as above.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is the name of that
gentleman? Will the gentleman from Kentucky
please to give us his name?
Mr. GREY. Certainly. I will give the gen-
tleman from Alabama the name of a Mr. Metcalf
as the person to whom I allude. And I_ ask the
gentleman from Alabama whether that, person is
not one of those contractors?
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not fenowc whether he
is or not. 1 never heard of him as being one of
the contractors.
Mr. GREY. Do you. say he is no/ one of the
contiactors?
Mr. HOUSTON. No, I ^notj.^e may he
one of them.
Mr. GREY. An.d does, tli# gentleman from
Alabama know whether Mr. Metcalf is, or was a
" special confidential agent" of the Department?^
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 know that he was one of
those special agents.
Mr. GREY. Is he at present?
Mr. HOUSTON. He is not now one of the
special agents of the Department?
Mr. GREY. Was he last winter ?
Mr. HODSTON. He was an agen.t during the
last Administration; but I understand he was su-
perseded before the contract in question was made.
Mr. GREY. Was he during last winter one
of the epecftil agents of the Department?
