1682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 11,
control of Congress; and for one, I do not think
that the city of Washington ought to have au-
thority to permit this railroad to run over them.
1 know there has been a scheme on foot all the
winter to rim some railroad up Pennsylvania av-
enue; but i have been opposed to it from the first.
Mr.RUSK. An application of that sort has
been made to the authorities of Washington, and
they have refused to grant the permission. I have
no idea that they would do it; but if the Senator
desires an amendment to that effect, it might easily
be made.
Mr. BROWN. I should rather have the word
44 avenues" struck out of the bill. Pennsylvania
avenue is the only one, I suppose, through which
it would run, and I should be very much opposed
to that. The present city authorities might not
grant the permission; but we do not know who
may be m authority twelve months hence.
Mr. BRIGHT. I am sorry that the Senator
makes that objection; but if he insists upon it, I
am willing to except Pennsylvania avenue from
the provision. I do not believe that the authori-
ties of Georgetown or of Washington would make
a grant to prejudice their city in any respect. I
think the trust is entirely safe in their hands; and,
therefore, I should prefer that the honorable Sen-
ator would not press his amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I have no idea that the city
authorities of Washington would do anything
which, in their judgment, would prejudice the in-
terests of the city; but I know that some very
high in authority have been in favor of running a
railroad through Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then put in an amendment
excepting Pennsylvania avenue.
Mr. BROWN. With that amendment [ have
no objection to the proposition.
Mr. BADGER. The corporate authorities
ought not to be allowed this power. Although it
may be perfectly safe now, there may be danger
in the future.
Theamend ment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. Mason's amendment, as amended, was
agreed'to; and the bill was reported to the Senate
aa amended.
Mr. BA DGER. I desire to ask, for I was not
listening to the reading of the amendment, and I
wish to ascertain exactly how it is, whether it con-
fines the passage of the cars through the streets of
the city to horse power, or whether it is to be by
steam?
Mr. PRATT. That is not decided by the
► bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. That depends upon the city
authorities. It vests m the city authorities dis-
cretion to control that matter.
The amendment was concurred in, the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
a third time, and passed.
RAILROAD AT PENSACOLA.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, the Senate,as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill granting to Jasper Strong, Geoige Ten-ill,
and their associates, the right of way for a rail-
road through the reserved lands near the navy-
> yard, Pensacola, in the State of Florida.
It proposes to grant the right of way one hun-
dred feet in width, through the lands, reserved
west of the navy-yard, Pensacola, to the parties
mentioned, for the construction of a railroad from
the Perdido river, on the most direct and practica-
ble route, to the waters of Pensacola bay, and the
use of any timber or other materials along the
route of the road and within half a mile on each
side, which may be necessary in its construction;
and at its terminus on Pensacola bay, they are
to have the privilege of erecting a wharf and of
establishing a depot for lumber and other articles,
not more than one acre in extent; but the line
and the terminus are to be approved by the Navy
Department; and the bill is not to be so construed
as to authorize the parties to use or destroy any
timber which the Navy Department may direct to
be preserved for Navy purposes.
Mr. STUART, i only desire to inquire of
the Senator from Florida, if this question has been
submitted to any Department, and if there is any
statement from the Department on the subject ?
That has been usual in all these cases.
Mr. MALLORY. This bill was prepared
under the eye of the Department, and was then
sent to the commodore commanding the station.
He recommends its passage, asal§o does the Sec-
retary of the Navy.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk-,-an-
nouncing that they had passed the bill from the
Senate making further appropriation for the im-
provement of the Cape Fear river, North Caro-
lina, with an amendment.
Also, a joint resolution to fix the compensation
of the employees of the legislative department
of the Government, and to prohibit the allowance
of the usual extra compensation to such as receive
the benefits hereof.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is absolutely necessary
for the public service that the Senate should pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business
this morning. I hope, therefore, that the Senate
will agree to the motion to do so. I make this
statement to the Senate, and 1 hope that my
request will be granted. I therefore move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe there is a necessity
for an Executive session; and I hope the motion
of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
AlTuirs will be agreed to.
Mr. BADGER. I asktheSenator to withdraw
the motion m order that we may dispose of the
amendment, just received from the House, to the
bill in relation to the improvement of Cape Fear
river, North Carolina.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw the motion ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I prefer to have an Ex-
ecutive session now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas insists on his motion.
Mr. BADGER. I hope it will be voted down.'
The motion of Mr. Sebastian was agreed to; j
and the Senate accordingly proceeded to the con-
sideration of Executive business. After some
time spent therein the doors were reopened.
REVENUE LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Treasury, transmitting, m compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 19th of January,
1853, a copy of the revision of the revenue laws.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the communi-
cation, and bill, and papers, and maps accompa-
nying it, were referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that one hundred
additional copies of the bill be printed for the use
of the Treasury Department.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. BROWN. Some time ago I gave notice
that I should move a substitute for the home-
stead bill. I now ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to present the amendment, informally,
and have it printed.
There being no objection, it was received in-
formally, and ordered to be printed.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
^ Wednesday, July 12, 1854.
A^lhe House metat eleven o'clock,a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
INCREASED COMPENSATION TO EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the House to give
me permission to have an order made for the
printing, for the use of the House, of a commu-
nication from the Treasury Department. It is a
recommendation in relation to she increase of com-
pensation of heads of bureaus. It has been sent
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and all I
ask now, is, that it may be printed.
It was so ordered.
CLERK TO SPECIAL COMMITTEE.
Mr. LETCHER. I have been instructed by
the special committee appointed to investigate
Colt's patent case, and other things, to ask the
House to allow a clerk to be appointed to aid the
committee in taking testimony, at the usual com-
pensation.
It was so ordered,
Mr. ROWE. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Rowe] is latein
his objection.
Mr." ROWE. I was on the floor for the pur-
pose of objecting when the mc^Lon was made.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York insists that he was upon the floor, and ad-
dressed the Speaker before the question was taken,
and objected to the appointment of a clerk. The
Chair did not hear the gentleman at all, certainly
not until he was in the act of putting the negative
vote. The Chair thinks the gentleman in too latey
in his objection. He can attain his object, how-
ever, by a motion to reconsider.
CHARLES CHRISTIG.
Mr. GREENWOOD, by unanimous consent,
from the Committee on Indian Affairs, made an
adverse report upon the petition of Charles Chris-
tig, praying indemnity for loss of property sus-
tained by him in California, destroyed by the
Indians; which was laid on the table and ordered
to be printed.
COMMITTEE ON COLT'S PISTOLS.
Mr. CUTTING I rise for the purpose of
asking the indulgence of the House, by excusing
me from serving upon the select committee of in-
vestigation of matters connected with the Colt'st
pistol, which was appointed a few days since.
My reason is this: I am already on the select
committee which has under investigation charges
arising out of the Gardiner matter. The duties
of that committee exact a gnsat deal of time from
me, and will require much attention on the part
of the members of the committee in order to enable
them to report during this session. I presume
that when the Speaker placed me upon that com-
mittee, it was done without recollecting the fact
that I was already charged, as one member of a
committee, with this other investigation. It ap-
pears to me that the labors of investigating one
matter of this description is sufficient to impose
upon one member of the House, and I think I
ought not to be put upon another committee. I
ask, therefore, that some one may be put upon
that committee who can devote more time to it
than it is possible for me to do.
The question upon excusing Mr. Cutting was
then put, and he was excused.
ROBERT C. THOMPSON.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. 1 ask the
unanimous consent of the House, that a bill from
the Senate, which is upon the Speaker's table,
may be taken up and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. It is a private bill,
and the individual to whom it relates is now in
the city upon expenses, and he wishes to have an
opportunity to appear before that committee on
Friday next.
No objection being made, the following bill was
taken up and read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims:
An act for the relief of Robert C. Thompson*
legal representative of William Thompson, de-
ceased, formerly a brigadier general in the army
during the revolutionary war.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi. I ask the con-
sent of the House to make a personal explana-
tion.
There was no objection,
Mr. H. proceeded: Mr.Speaker, when the bill
making an appropriation for carrying into effect
the recent treaty with Mexico was under consid-
eration some days ago, I indulged in language
unnecessarily severe, and, I am free to say, not
merited by the parties against whom it was di-
rected. I desire, sir, to recall that language, orr
at least, modify it.
The acquisition of territory from Mexico, and
especially such territory, was not, in my judgment,
demanded by the intetestsof the nation. But the
abrogation of so much of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo as made this Government responsible for
the Indian depredations was an object of very
