114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ian. 8,
books and stationery, commencing with the present Con-
gress.
Mr. SKELTON. I more that the resolution
be put upon its passage, and on that I call for the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Will the gentleman allow
' the resolution to be referred ?
Mr. ORR. As the previous question has been
moved without explanation, I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The question was taken, and the resolution was
laid upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved to reconsider the
vote last taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
THE SMITHSONIAN FUND.
Mr. CHANDLER offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That a select committee, consisting of nine
members, be appointed, and instructed to inquire into the
expediency of withdrawing from the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States the Smithsonian fund, and investing the same in
sound stocks, or in such other way as may be to the interests
of said fund.
Mr. CHANDLER. This money is lying in
the Treasury of the United States, and the Gov-
ernment has to pay for the use of it, when it is
buying up its own stock at a large premium. It
is, therefore, desirable to place the fund in some
other situation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to make
one inquiry of the gentleman, and it is, whether
there is any certainty that a method can be devised
by which he can so invest this money in stocks,
or in any other way, that, provided it should be
lost, the Government will not have to refund it ?
We made one investment of a portion of this
fund, and had to pay the amount of the invest-
ment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Invest it in eastern stocks,
and not in western.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, called for the reading
of the resolution, and no objection being made, it
was accordingly again read.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution; and there were, on a division—
ayes 84; noes not counted.
So the resolution was adopted.
DISTRIBUTION OP PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. CHANDLER also offered a joint resolu-
tion, instructing the Committee on the Congres-
sional Library to inquire into the propriety of
providing for the distribution of certain public
documents now in the State Department.
The resolution wai read for information.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the House will allow
me, I will say that there is a great call for certain
documents, for completing sets of books, where
partial distributions have been made. I learn
from theState Department that these documents are
there in great abundance, but that the Department
wants authority to distribute them. This resolu-
tion does not confer the authority to distribute,
but only authorizes an inquiry into the expedi-
ency of making such distribution.
The question was taken upon the adoption of
the resolution, and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
NATIONAL FOUNDERV.
Mr. BRIDGES. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be
instructed to inquire into tlie expediency of establishing a
national foundry and armory ill Allentown, in tile county
of Lehigh, State of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules of the
House, the resolution of course lies over.
ASSAY OFFICE.
Mr. FLORENCE. I offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means
be requested to inquire into the expediency of suspending
the appropriations lor «o much of the building of the assay
office for the city of New Yoik as provides for a refining
establishment m connection with the said assay office, and
to report by bill, or otherwise, at as early a day as possible
consistent with tlie public interest, and the importance of
the question involved m this inquiry.
I offer this resolution from a conviction of duty.
The action of Congress at the last session 
The SPEAKER. A resolution must go over
where it gives rise to debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to have the reso-
lution referred. I prefer that it should go to the
Committee on Ways and Means, rather than pre-
vent the consideration of a question so important
as this, and I make that motion. I will not debate
it. I move the previous question upon my motion.
The SPEAKER.. It is too late.
Mr. FLORENCE. I did not, really,intend to
debate the resolution. Do I understand, if I de-
bate the resolution, it goes over?
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Virginia
rises to a point of order, and the Chair decides,
under an express rule of the House, that the reso-
lution giving rise to debate must lie over.
On motion by -Mr. VANSANT, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the
files of the House the papers of Stephen G. Logan, pray-
ing for a pension on account of disability consequent upon
his services in the Army of the United States, in order that
the same may be filed in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. MILLSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of further ex-
tending the time for satisfying claims for bounty lands for
military services in the war'of 1812 with Great Britain;
and that they report by bili or otherwise.
The question was then taken upon the resolu-
tion, and it was agreed to.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask leave to withdraw
from the files of the House the petition and papers
of George W. Hopkins, for the purpose of refer-
ring them to a committee.
The SPEAKER. Under the rule, as the gen-
tleman will recollect, that may be done by appli-
cation at the Clerk's desk.
Mr. McMULLIN. I was aware that the pa-
pers must be obtained by application there, but I
thought it was necessary to obtain leave of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can accom-
plish his object without asking leave.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT WHEELING.
Mr. KID WELL presented the following reso-
lution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill for the
construction of a custom-house in Wheeling, Virginia.
LANDS FOR NAVAL PURPOSES.
Mr. McMULLIN. I now beg leave to present,
in the form of a resolution, the matter embraced
in the amendment which I offered to the motion of
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] a
short time ago. I offer the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of setting apart the
proceeds of the sales of the public lands, and of appropri-
ating the same for the repairs and building of vessels for the
Navy ; the surplus, if any, to be applied to the support of
the Navy ; and that the said Committee have leave to re-
port by bill or otherwise.
The question upon the adoption of the resolu-
tion was put, and the Chair announced that the
noes seemed to have it.
Mr. McMULLIN. If this resolution gives
rise to debate, I understand that it must go over.
Now, sir, I give notice that I intend to debate it.
[Laughter.]
Several Members. It is too late for that.
The SPEAKER. The result of the vote had
not been definitely announced when the gentleman
from Virginia rose. The Chair, therefore, de-
cides that the resolution must lie over.
GOVERNMENT VESSELS VS. PRIVATE
VESSELS.
Mr. CLINGMAN offered the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs be in-
structed to report to the House whether there are any existing
treaty stipulations which would forbid the passage of an
act of Congress to prevent vessel?, maintained wholly or
in part by our own or other Governments, from bringing into
our ports passengers or freight, so as to interfere with private
enterprise; and that if no s>uch ob&tacles exist by reason of
treaties or otherwise, that they he authorized to report a
bill for such a purpose, with or without, as they may think
best, a provision to except vessels carrying mails, provided
that a'l contracts for such purpose be let to the lowest bid
ders of all nations ; and that if they shall report that there
are objections at this tune to the passage of such a law,
that then they report what steps are necessary to remove
said obstacles.
AMENDMENT OF THE BOUNTY LAND LAW.
Mr. HTLLYER, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced the following bill; which was read
a first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions:
"A bill to amend the third section of an act en-
titled 'an act granting bounty land to certain offi-
cers and soldiers who have been engaged in the
military service of the United States.' "
Mr. CHASTAIN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to withdraw from the files the
memorial of certain citizens 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can accom-
plish his object at the Clerk's desk.
Mr, CHASTAIN. I understand that the rule
does not apply that far, and that I cannot with-
draw the papers without asking the consent of the
House.
The SPEAKER, The practice is to withdraw
papers at the Clerk's desk to be re-referred. If
the design is to withdraw the papers entirely from
the fil£&, it must be done in open session.
Mr. CHASTAIN. Then I can accomplish my
object at the Clerk's desk.
RAILROADS IN LOUISIANA AND MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. BARKSDALE, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced the following bill; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on fublic Lands.
" A bill granting the right of way and a donation
of the public lands to the States of Louisiana and
Mississippi,in aid of the construction of certain
railroads therein."
EXTENSION OF THE PORTOFKEW ORLEANS.
Mr. HUNT, in pursuance of previous notice
given by one of his colleagues, introduced the fol-
lowingbill; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and refeired to the Committee on
Commerce:
"A bill to extend the limits of the port of New
Orleans."
DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution, and upon it I demand the pre-
vious question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means be
instructed to report a bjll repealing all duty on railroad
iron.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move to lay that reso-
lution upon-the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. "What qusstion will come
up first?
The SPEAKER. The question on the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland to lay the reso-
lution upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Upon that I ask the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
resolution may be read.
The Clerk again read the resolution.
The question was then put on the motion to lay
the resolution on the table, and the roll having
been called, there were—yeas 18, nays 65; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Appleton, Rail, Belcher, Benson, Ben-
ton, Bridges, Carpenter, Chandler, Chastam, Clark, Cobb,
Corwin, Cox, Crocker, Cutting, Dawson, Dick, Disney,
Edmarnl5?, FJiison, Farley, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller?
Grow, Hamilton, Aaron Harlan, Hastings, Haven, Hen-
dricks, Iliester, Hiliyer, Houston, Hughes, fngersoll, John-
son, Damcl T. /ones, George W. Jones, Kidwell, J^amb,
Letcher, Lilly, Lindley, Lindsley, McCulloch, Macdonald,
McNair, John G. Miller, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Olive*,
Peckham, Bishop Perkui.s, Phelps, Pratt, Preston, Ready,
David Ritchie, Thomas Ritehey, Robbins, Russell, Sabm,
Sapp, Seymour, Shannon, Simmons, Skelton, Germ Smithy
Richard H. Stanton, John J. Taylor, John L . Taylor,
Thurston, Tiacy, Vail, Vansant, Walsh, Tappan Went
worth, and ZollicofTer—78.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, James C. Allen,
Willis Allen, Ashe, Thomas H. Bayly, Barksdale, Barry,
Bisscll. Boeock, Boyce, Brooks, Campbell, Caskie,
Churchwell, Clingman, Cook, Craige, Cullom, John G.
Davis, Dickinson, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eastman, Edmund-
son, English, Etheridge, Greenwood, Grey, Sampson W.
Harris, Henri, Hill, Hunt, Roland Jones, Kerr, Knox, Mc-
Dougal,McMullm, McQueen, Mace, Maxwell, Smith Mil-
ler, Milison, Nichols, Noble, Norton, Orr, Parker, John
Ferkins, Phillips, Phelps, Powell, Purvear, Reese, Rogers,
Rufiin, William R. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick
P. Stanton, IlestorL. Stevens, Warren, Eliihu B. Wash-
hurne, Wells, John Wentworlh, Daniel B. Wright, and
Yates—65.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was laid upon the table;
and to lay the motion to reconsiderupon the table.
The question was put, and the latter motion was
agreed to.
