1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
WILLIAM DARBY.
Mr. DUNBAR, in pursuanceof previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims:
"A bill for the relief of William Darby."
NAVIGATION OF THE RED RIVER.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana, offered the follow-
ing resolution; which was read and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War furnish this House,
as soon as practicable, with a statement of the expenses
incurred by the United States, in consequence of the im-
pediments to the navigation of the Red river.
OBSTRUCTIONS TO TRADE AND TRAVEL.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I offer the following resolu-
tion ^and call for the previous question on & adop-
tion:
Resolved, That tile President be respectfully requested
to inform the House what information, if any, has been re-
ceived in the Post Office Department in relation to obstruc-
tions to the transportation of the mails of the United States
on the route between Buffalo, New York, and Cleveland,
Ohio, through the town ofErie,in the State of Pennsylva-
nia; and what measures have been taken, if any, by the
Executive, to secure the uninterrupted transportation of the
mails upon said route.
The SPEAKER. The resolution must lie over,
unless it be the unanimous consent of the House
to pass it.
Several Members objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I ask the gentleman who
makes the objection to rise in his place.
Mr. RITCHIE, of Pennsylvania. I object, for
one.
HEIRS OF REVOLUTIONARY SOLDIERS.
Mr. CORWIN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, introduced a joint resolution; which was
read a first and second time by its title, as fol-
lows:
" A joint resolution explaining the acts of 17th
of July, 1838; March 3,1842, and June 17,1844."
i hope there will be no objection to the resolu-
tion being now put on its passage. It is intended
for the benefit of the Department here by which
those claims are adjusted. On the 3d day of
March, 1851, a resolution was passed by this
House to give to the widows and children of
deceased revolutionary soldiers the benefits they
were entitled to at the time of their death. The
construction given by the Department to that
joint resolution was, that it applied to the children
of the widows who were living at the time of its
passage. One or two cases happened in my own
district, in which the widows died previous to the
3d of March, 1851. A very considerable amount
of money would be due to their children, if the
resolution of that date were construed differently
from what it is by the Department. The joint
resolution I have just introduced amends the joint
resolution of March 3, 1851, so as to include
within its provisions the children of thosewidows
who died before that time, My resolution only
carries out the intentions of the framers of the
original resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. In my opinion
this is a very important movement. It is sub-
stantially introducing a new principle into the
pension laws. It is, in effect, giving pensions to
the children of revolutionary soldiers. The law
of which the gentleman wishes to correct the con-
struction, of course could not give the pension to
those who were not living at the time of its pas-
sage; and if there were any who were living at
that time, but died before they made their appli-
cation, of course what was due them went to
their children. But the construction now sought
to be given is, that though the widow was dead
at the time of the passage of the law, her chil-
dren shall have its benefits. Nothing was due
her, because she was not in existence at the time
the law was passed. I think this is a question
which requires investigation, and that it ought to
fo to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions,
submit that motion.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
PEACE ARBITRATIONS BETWEEN NATIONS.
Mr. GIDDINGS offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resok>p/J, That a select committee be appointed by the
Speaker, to which all petitions and memotials on the sub-
ject of peace, and the establishment of arbitrations between
nations, shall be referred for report theieon.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I propose to debate
that resolution.
The resolution went over under the rules.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT IN GERMAN.
Mr, LINDSLEY offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed in the German language
five thousand additional copies ot the agricultural part of
the Patent Office Report, and also five thousand copies of
the Abstract Census Report, for tlie use of the members of
this House.
Several Members objected to the resolution.
So it lies over under the rules.
ELEANOR WILLIAMS.
Mr. EWING, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions:
" A bill for the relief of Eleanor Williams."
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I ask leave to
withdraw from the files of the House the petition
and papers of J. C. P. Salomon.
The SPEAKER. For what purpose ?
Mr. STANTON. The memorialist himself
desires the withdrawal of the papers for his own
use.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to it. We have
several like cases.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Is the motion made
to withdraw for the purpose of reference?
Mr. STANTON. I understand the motion is
objected to, and I cannot explain.
Mr. CAMPBELL. You can call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON. Well, I call for the previous
question on the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliatthepapersin the case ofj. C.F. Salomon
be withdiawn from the files of the House.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope the gentleman
will withdraw his call for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. Can that resolution be de-
bated?
The SPEAKER. No; it cannot be debated
until the demand for the previous question is dis-
posed of.
Mr. DAVIS. If the gentleman will withdraw
his call for the previous question, I will explain
thereason against the withdrawal of these papers.
Mr. STANTON withdrew his demand.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make a statement in
explanation of the reasons why I am opposed to
the resolution. These papers were filed before
the Committee of the District of Columbia, of
which I was a member.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. Speaker, I make the
point of order that a resolution, giving rise to de-
bate, goes over.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and this resolution goes over, under the
rule.
Mr. IjaVIS. If the resolution goes over, I
have attained my object.
THE BRITISH NORTH AMERICAN FISHERIES.
Mr. PRESTON moved the following resolu-
ion:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if in Ills
opinion it be not incompatible with the public interest, to
communicate to this House the correspondence and vari-
ous orders which have been issued during the last year,
to officers of the Navy, commanding vessels or squadrons
on the Atlantic coast of Bntish North Ameiica, for the
purpose of protecting the rights of fishing and navigation,
secured to citizens of the United States, under the treaties
with Great Britain.
The resolution was adopted.
JAMES H. BRADBURY.
On motion by Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordered^ That the petition and papers of James H. Brad-
bury, pra> for d. pension, be withdrawn from the files of
the Home, for the purpose of referenee to a committee of
the Senate.
DUTY ON RAILROAD IRON.
Mr. CHXJRCHWELL offered the following
resolution:
RpsolraU That the Committee on Ways and Mean? he
instructed to report a bill giving a credit of four years to rail-
load companies to pay the duty on iron imported by them
for railroad purposes.
Mr. HAMILTON. I move that the resolution
be laid -upon the table.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the view of having
a full House when this question is taken, 1 move
that the House do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 4,1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Stf.phek R. Mallory, of Florida, who,
since his arrival in this city, has been prevented
from taking his seat by indisposition, appeared in
his seat this morning.
TERRITORY OP NEBRASKA.
Mr. DOUGLAS, Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Territories, to which was referred the bill
to organize the Territory of Nebraska, has given
the subject the" serious and deliberate considera-
tion which its great importance demands; and I
beg leave, on behalf of the committee, to report
back the bill to the Senate, with various amend-
ments, accompanied by a special report. I move
that the report and bill be printed for the use of
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That five thousand copies of the bill and
amendments, with the report accompanying the sanxe, be a
printed for the use of the Senate. \ /
VERMONT SENATORIAL REPRESENTATION. V
The Senate, on the motion of Mr. SEWARD,
proceeded to consider the" following resolution,
submitted by him yesterday:
" Whereas, the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps was appointed
by his Excellency the Governor of Vermont, in the recess
of the Lcnislatuie of that State, to flu the vacancy in tli.i
Senate of the United States, which happened by the death
of the Hon. William Upham, a Senator whose terra of sit
years would have continued till the 4th of March, 1855;
and whereas, it is understood thatsinee that temporaiy ap.
pointment was made, the Legislature of Vermont has been
convened at their annual session, and has adjourned with-
out tilling sucll vacancy: Therefore,
" Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciaryinquire
whether the Hon. Samuel S. Phelps is entitled to retain
Ins seat in the Senate ofthe United States."
Mr. FOOT. It is due to my colleague that I
should briefly make an explanation to the Senate.
We all doubtless fully appreciate the delicacy and
embarrassment of his position. That position is
not of his seeking. Although he may be appre-
hensive of a seeming appearance of obtrusiveness
in resuming his seat here, and claiming the right
to retain it, lie is but acting in obedience to the
dictates of a sense of obligation to the people of
that State, who have honored him so long with a
seat on this floor, and which, I may be allowed
to say, he has filled with distinguished ability.
The opinion prevails in that State, and I may say
it prevailed in the Legislature, and had more or
less influence in the Legislature in controlling its
action in reference to the election of a Senator, that
in the event of the failure of the Legislature to
make an election of Senator, the previous Execu-
tive appointment would continue. My colleague
could do no otherwise, in justice to the State, than
come here and resume the seat to which he was
entitled upon the face of his credentials, and pre-
sent, for the decision of the Senate, the question
of his right to retain it, and the right of the State
to have him retain it.
The question, Mr. President, is an important
one; and, in some of its features, an entirely new
one. It is a question of that magnitude and im-
portance which ought never to be disposed of in a
running, off-hand discussion in the Senate, without
the previous investigation of an appropriate com-
mittee. 1 trust that the resolution of°red by the
Senator from New York maybe adopted. I trust
i that it will meet with no opposition, but that the
I question will be referred to the Judiciary Com-
I mittee. As a case involving complex questions of
! constitutional law—as a case involving important
I questions of personal and State rights and privj-
1 leo-es it is eminently entitled to the considerate and
I patient investigation of your Judiciary Commit-
! tee-, and when their report shall be laid before us,
we shall all be better prepared to form a correct con-
clusion on the questions involved,
I came into the Senate Chamber this morning
with the purpose of stating the facts to the Sen-
ate upon which the case rests, and of expressing
my own views, in brief, upon some of its promi-
