1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gomery, there is a connecting line of railroad, With
the exception of some ten or twelve miles; how-
ever, 1 believe that is now completed.
* 1 here is a great lineof railroads runningfrom the
Extreme northeast section of the country on to-
wards New Orleans, terminating at the city of
Montgomery. From the city of Montgomery to
Mobile is the only line which is not traversed
either by railroad or steamboat. At Mobile the
line is continued by steamboat, so that here is
the only gap where staging is used from your ex-
treme northeast to your extreme southwest; and
this is the great mail line between those sections.
Now, the gentleman asks, what is the necessity
.of double service?
Mr. GREY. I only asked the question; but
did not state positively that there was no necessity
for double daily service. I made it a point that,
if that service was given, it, like all other contracts,
should be free and open to bids from all the world.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Precisely. That is a ques-
• tion of opinion between the gentleman and myself,
which I do not propose to answer. I have shown
, .why it is that a double service is preferred. Now,
when we come to the point which the gentleman
ha)3 now made as to now that service should be
contracted for, the gentleman may maintain his
-own opinion.
Mr. GREY. I maintain the execution of the
laws as made and provided for such cases.
Mr. PHILLIPS. But 1 say that here is a con-
tract made by thePostmasterGeneral fora double
line at two thirds of the price which he contracted
to pay for a single line. These gentlemen are
efficient "-"n'ractors. They were induced by the
representations of the Postmaster General to take
the contract for the unexpired term of six or eight
months at the reduced rate of compensation. The
Postmaster General agreed with them that, if that
contract were properly fulfilled, he would urge on
Congress to give them an extension of it; and
stipulating further, that if Congress did not see fit
to take his recommendation, then, with a view of
making up something as compensation for dama-
ges sustained, that the contract, instead of being
rated at ^24,000, should be rated at $36,000. They
will get the latter amount, if Congress does not
choose to extend the contract, as agreed by the
Postmaster General.
if we have any reliance on the judgment and
discretion of the Postmaster General in a matter
of this sort, when the contract is made at two
thirds of the price for which the original contract
was made, when we are satisfied with the neces-
sity of the transaction: 1 say, that if we have the
slightest confidence in the man who stands at the
head of this Bureau, the House would not, under
the circumstances, refuse to concur in his recom-
mendation. 1 call for the previous question.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I wouldaskthe
gentleman from Alabama to withdraw his call for
the previous question, as my colleague desires to
submit a few remarks on the subject?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I withdraw the call «for the
previous question, so that the gentleman may be
heard.
Mr. JONES, of Louisiana. I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to make a few remarks in regard to this
contract, and I do so for the purpose of opposing
the motion which has been made by the gentle-
man from Alabama, [Mr'. Phillips.]
It seems that he bases the whole of his argu-
ment upon the fact that the present mail service
between Mobile and Montgomery is a most ad-
mirable one, and that if the service is let out by
contract, as all the other mail lines in the United
States are let out, we shall have either no mail, or
a very inefficient service, on that route.
K is a matter notorious to the gentleman, as
it is to the whole country, that the mail service
on the southern routes is at this time, and has
been all winter, and, 1 may say, for all time, any-
thing else than a perfect service. I think that
we could not possibly be injured by letting out
this contract according to law.
We are told that there is a double service on
the Montgomery and Mobile line. Why? Be-
cause a single trip per day is not sufficient. Sup-
pose a double line should prove insufficient, you
are bound by your contract to a double service,
and you will not be able to increase it to a triple
one, except by paying $24,000 or g30,000 more.
Sir, I understand—I may be mistaken in re-
gard to the law, but it has been dinned into my
ears time and again by the Post Office Depart-
ment—that they have but three ways of letting
contracts. One is an agreement by which the
parties undertake to carry the malls with cer-
tainty and celerity; there is one for horse-back
service, by which the parties agree to carry the
mails on horse-back; and the third is for carrying
the mails by coaches. The mail service is different;
but all the contracts are for carrying the mails—
not a portion of the mails; and if one coach a day
is not sufficient, if I understand the law correctly,
two coaches must be put upon the line.
I agree with the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Olds,J that if it is found necessary that the mails
shall be carried twice a day, when the contract is
to carry it only once a day, in that event it would
be perfectly proper'and advisable to give addi-
tional compensation for the extra service. All
these contracts are let to parties—to do what?
To carry the mail; not to carry it twice a day, but
once a day, or tri-weekly, or weekly, under the
contract.
I should like this matter to be investigated by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
I want to know whether the Postmaster General
has not violated the law by giving $24,000 ad(ii^
tional to these parties for carrying the mail once
a day ? I am opposed to this thing. I do not be-
lieve we should lose anything by letting out this
contract, and allowing all the world to compete for
the service. I am in favor of the motion to refer
this Wl! to the Committee on the Post Oflice and
Post Roads; and l>n that motion I move the pre-
vious question.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put.
The question now being on referring the joint
resolution to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,
Mr. ABERCROMBIE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken on referring the
resolution to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads; and it was decided in the affirmative.
So the resolution was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
DIFFICULTY SETTLED.
. Mr. PRESTON. I rise, Mr. Speaker, for the
purpose of making an explanation in relation to a
personal matter which transpired upon this floor.
It is yet in the memory of the House, that the
debate which recently occurred between Mr. Cut-
ting, of New York, and Mr. Breckinridge, of
Kentucky, was marked by personalities. The
character of that debate led to its discussion out-
side of the walls of this House. So far as Mr.
Cutting was concerned, he referred the matters
in controversy to his friend, Colonel Monroe, of
New York, and General Shields, a Senator from
Illinois. So far as Mr. Breckinridge was con-
cerned, he referred the matters in controversy to
his friend, Colonel Hawkins, of Kentucky, and
myself. I am authorized by these gentlemen, sir,
to state that the matters in dispute have been set-
tled in a manner which is mutually satisfactory,
and which is conceived alike honorable to both
the gentlemen who were engaged in the debate.
I have also another duty to discharge on behalf
of these gentlemen, and as they transgressed in
that debate the rules of order established for the
government of this House, to express their mutual
regret that this should have occurred, and to ask
its indulgence as a body for a violation of its rules.
It is a source of gratification to us that thecontro-
versy between these gentlemen, who give strong
promise of future usefulness to their country, and
who are already admired by a large circle of ac-
quaintance, has been adjusted in a manner which
I am convinced will be entirely satisfactory to all
their friends. I thank the House for their indul-
gence.
The Senate bill for the relief of John Gusman
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims. *
The SPEAKER then laid before the House a
communication from the Governor of Oregon sub-
mitting a detailed statement of the expenditure
of money appropriated by Congress for the use
and benefit of that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered to he
printed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to offer the following
resolution: - - . > 1
Resolved, That the ex-Governore of1 the States of- this
Union be admitted-within the Hall of this House.. _
The SPEAKER. Is there objection- to the
introduction of the resolution ? ' - i
Mr. OLDS. It changes the .rules, and must: go
over. . , , :
The SPEAKER. It goes over, unless unaiii-
mous consent be given for its introduction. •'
Mr. JONES, of New York. 1 object. -■
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
resolution goes over.
Mr. BOCOCK. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HENN. 1 ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to withdraw his motion for. a moment to
enable me to offer a resolution asking for informa-
tion, and to which no objection will be made.
Mr, BOCOCK. I always dislike to refuse any
courtesy to gentlemen, but others may stand in
the same situation; and I prefer therefore noI4o
withdraw my motion.
The question was then taken on Mr. Bocock's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative. .
So the rules were suspended, and the House re-
solved itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, Mr. Haven in the. ehair,
(Mr. Hamilton, the former chairman, not- being
in the Hall.)
' NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL. ' ' :
The CHAIRMAN.. The, business before the
committee is the special order of the Souse, on
the consideration of House bill No. 52. The
question before the committee is on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, [Mr. Clingman.]
Several Members. Let it be read.
The Clerk reported the amendment,as follows:
At the end of the first section add the following words;
Provided, That in the mean time, to enable the Secretary
of the Navy to fit up for use vessels already built, and to
obtain efficient seamen, at whatever rate ot wages he may
find it necessary to pay, he is authorized to use suph por-
tion ot the appropriation made in this bill as may be neces-
sary.
Mr. BOCOCK. I do not recollect whether
there was any opposition made yesterday to this
amendment. Is debate upon it in order? "
The CHAIRMAN, rhe debate was exhausted
on this amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move an amendment to
that amendment:
Provided, The sum to be employed for such purpose
shall not exceed $1,000,000.
Mr. Chairman, while I would make that limit-
ation in .regard to the expenditure for the purposes
designated in the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, I would- at the same time
recommend that a portion of that fund—as we
cannot immediately procure an*ther appropria-
tion for it—be used for the completion of vessels
that are now in our yards and docks, for the ser-
vice of the country. It is with ships, sir, as it is
with houses, if they do not have tenants and em-
ployment, they go to ruin. They are much worse
when untenanted than if they, were employed;
and it is quite unnecessary for us to be expend-
ing large sums of money in this way for the in-
crease of the Navy, when we refuse to expend
small sums for the completion of thosevessels that
have been already commenced, or for the repair of
those that are lying in our docks, anc! which could
be rendered useful and efficient by the expenditure
of small sums. How many vessels* of this kind
there are in our ports and docks I eat]not say. 1
am aware there are some, and that our docks are
encumbered with them, while these vessels should
be on service abroad, and. leave more space for
those frames that we are now preparing to put up.
I trust, therefore, that while the House, cheer-
fully I am sure it will be, will pass this bill for
the construction of six ships, it will be equally
willing to prepare those which we have already
partially constructed, and repair those which we
now have lying m the docks, for the service which
the country demands of them. If there be any
use for a Navy, any use for ships, I hope the
House will agree to this proposition, that we may
be always prepared for any emergency. It ap-
pears to me that we can see m advance an emer-
gency which requires these :vessels.' J. need not
