1684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
ertiea. We all know that the information neces-
sary to initiate men into statesmanship is that
•which they acquire day by day as the daily pabu-
lum of their political life. And we all know that
connected with that, theregoes forth with political
sentiments the moral sentiment, which, while it
sanctifies, pervades the whole. If all the press has
not come up to that standard of excellence, it is not
the fault of the press generally, but it is an error
which has crept into it. And when any portion
of it may have deserved the censure of the hon-
orable gentleman from Ohio, it is a happy circum-
stance that this portion is the exception and not
the rule.
If we are occasionally called upon to blush for
the use of language, and for the utterance of sen-
timents inconsistent with our views as republi-
cans and moralists, we are more frequently called
upon—if we would praise as willingly as we would
blame—to laud the lofty sentiments and the pure
principles which pervade almost all our news-
papers. But the question before us is, whether
the price for conveying newspapers shall be re-
duced in case of prepayment.
Were it not for that, I should be able to go on,
and run a parallel between the two newspapers.
I should consider the sentiment once uttered upon
this floor by a member of this House, as felici-
tating himself upon the fact that there was not a
single newspaper published in his district. I
wondered at the remark, because that man was
a politician. But my friend from Accomac [Mr,
Henry A Wise] told us that it was not because
there was not a newspaper there,but because there
was none printed there. He glorified himself upon
the sound and pure principles which prevailed in
his district, because they lived upon the news-
papers of Baltimore, Richmond, and Philadelphia.
[Laughter.]
Another thing: The gentleman makes an argu-
ment upon the amount of reduction. He declares
that so much is paid for that large blanket sheet,
the New York Courier and Inquirer, and that one
half of that, if prepaid, is to be deducted; and he
argues that the conveyance of that sheet is oner-
ous, burdensome, and costly to the Government.
That is not so. No man undertakes to convey
freight generally upon which he could not say
that he would lose by the conveyance of any
single article. He would lose by the conveyance,
if only the single article were to be paid for. But
the income of the Post Office Department is not
derived from the conveyance of one newspaper,
but it derives it from what it carries generally.
But the honorable gentleman says there should
not be a deduction for prepayment. Now, let
me say to him, that the moment you change the
policy, the receipt from those papers will cease,
and they will no longer occupy the mails. Now,
he says that if they do not pay, the sooner they
leave the mail the better. I say fhey do pay; for
you will never pay a cent less for the transporta-
tion of the mails between New York and Wash-
ington, merely because one newspaper or publi-
cation is omitted from the mail. You pay for
conveying the whole mail; you pay for a whole
mail car, and for a mail agent find deputy post-
master in that car, and you will pay the same
whether there is one or a thousand newspapers in
the mail.
Now, there arrived in this city last night, from
New York, copies of the Times, and of the un-
fortunate Tribune—unfortunate in incut ring the
displeasure of my friend on the other side of the
House—upon which postage was paid. But an-
other publisher, keener in his calculations, took
care to send his publication by the express, and
hundreds of them were distributed throughout the
city last night, and paid for; but they paid no tax
to support our Post Office Department; no tax
by which to assist in redeeming the credit of that
Department. This will always be the case so
long as you tax them beyond what it would cost
to carry them in the private expresses from one
large city to another.' These newspaper publish-
ers are shrewd in their calculation of cost of pub-
lishing and transportation—gifted to make money,
and a little more given to spend it. And so true
as they find that they can send their papers through
the express for a quarter of a cent a-piece, so true
as they find that they can supply their customers
by express at a cheaper rate than through the
mails, so true will they make use of the expresses
and laugh at the appliances of the Post Office De-
partment; and that is the reason why I say the
rates of postage should not be increased.
" But," says the honorable gentleman from Ohio,
"why should they pay only half a cent postage
upon a newspaper, when a letter would cost six
or seven times as much ? Why should we make
this discrimination ?" Mr. Speaker, my answer
to the honorable gentleman is, that this question
involves the whole question of the liberty and
protection of the press—that in all countries where
it is deemed desirable that the people generally
should be informed upon public measures—in all
countries where the respect of popular opinion has
prevalence—there is, and always has been, legis-
lation in favor of the circulation of the public
press.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the gentleman to say that the expresses will carry
letters and papers cheaper than they are carried
through the mails?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH. Will the gentleman then be
good enough to inform me why it is that the ex-
presses do now charge so much more?
Mr. CHANDLER. They charge more per-
haps upon a single paper, but not when they are
sent in packages.
Mr. SMITH. But why do they charge more
upon letters ?
Mr. CHANDLER. They do not.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman is mistaken
in that statement. When I was in California, I
paid as much as fifty cents for a single letter sent
by express, when, if it had been sent thfough
the mail, it would have been forty cents under the
then high ratea of postage; and afterwards, when
the postage was reduced to ten cents a letter, the
express still charged fifty cents.
Mr. CHANDLER. I say that the expresses
would carry letters and papers between any points
upon the Atlantic coast for less than it costs to
send them through the mails.
Mr. SMITH. But it is a great mistake to say
that the expresses do now carry letters for less
than the cost of sending them through the mails.
Mr. Ct-IANDLER. The expresses would
carry them cheaper between points upon the At-
lantic coast.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman says the ex-
presses will carry the newspaper mail cheaper than
theGovernmentnowcarry it. How does he recon-
cile this statement with the argument he is now
making against this bill, upon the ground that it
will increase the burdens upon newspapers? Why
does not the statement that private expresses will
now carry them cheaper than the mails, supersede
the other argument against this bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. For the reason that the
other argument, that the Post Office Department
should sustain itself, supersedes the argument in
favor of carrying papers by private expresses at
all. My argument is, that the cheapness of the
article will increase the supply, and thereby in-
crease the receipts. For instance, wherever the
fares upon railroads have been reduced, the
amount of travel has been increased. Wherever
the prices of newspapers have been diminished,
the number of subscribers has been increased.
That has been the effect of the reduction of postage
upon newspapers.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio undertook
to remove the force of that argument, so far as
England is concerned, by saying that newspapers
there pay a tax to the Government. Well, sir,
it is now well understood that newspapers pass
free through the mails in England. Gentlemen
are also aware that the tax upon newspapers has
of late been very greatly reduced, and that every
act of legislation in England has been to reduce
the burdens upon newspapers, and for the en-
couragement of an increased circulation.
Mr. SMITH. But the Post Office Department
in England pays a revenue into the general Treas-
ury.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir; <£200,000 per
annum.
Mr. SMITH. That makes a very great dif-
ference. Thefact that the Post Office Department
in Great Britain pays a revenue into the Treasury,
and that in this country it is a tax upon the general
Treasury, furnishes a very good reason why we
should not adopt the same policy in reference to
our postage laws.
Mr. CHANDLER. It furnishes a very good
reason, it seems to me, why we should adopt a
like policy.
Mr. OLDS. I will state to the gentleman that
the revenue arising from the Post Office Depart-
ment in England is §6,000,000 more than the
expenses of that Department.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am under very great
obligations to the gentleman for a statement which
adds strength to my argument. I confess that I
was slow to admit it at first; but, sir, it adds much
strength to my argument The British Govern-
ment now receive $2,000,000 revenue from their
Post Office Department, as the effect of adopting
their penny postage system, and of keeping down
the rates of postage. It is the effect of sending
their newspapers free through the mails. So
much, then, for cheap postage.
Mr. SMITH. Six millions of dollars.
Mr. CHANDLER, So much the stronger.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman wants to make
a regular argument, I should dislike to interrupt
him. But I would ask whether the gentleman
does not recognize a wide difference between a
small, densely settled country, and one like ours ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do, sir; and a very great
difference. Therefore it is that I submit to a
postage on newspapers, arid an augmented post-
age on letters. That makes the difference.
I did not rise to make an argument, but a short
explanation in favor of the public press; and to
say that this attempt to augment the postage by
repealing that part which enables the postmaster
to receive one half, if paid in advance, has a tend-
ency to injure the very-object we ought to have
in view.
And there is another thing. Year after year
we are beset here with changes; year after year
we are asked to conform to some new regulations;
year after year the friends of public information
are called on to defend their position; and year
after year the Government appeals here for some
alteration. All I ask is, that we may be allowed
to try what we have got. Do not alter it. It is
doing pretty well. But we are like the boy who
planted the bean, and, morning after morning,
pulled it up to see whether it had taken root, and
was likely to produce anything. Let us wait a
little. Let us plant in some faith. Let us look
for the wholesome dews of public patronage, and
increased information among our people, and then
we shall have what we want. Then the Post Office
Department may get back to a paying one, and,
more than that, a contributing Department to the
Treasury when we need it.
Gentlemen always seem to talk of the Post Of-
fice Department. Well, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads is right
then. He has a right to look after the mail,
because it is his business to do so. But I wish to
say that there are other persons who have rights,
and that the reduction of the postage is in behalf
of the mass of readers, all of whom are the readers
of newspapers, all of whom ought to be enabled to
take and pay for some newspaper in the country,
All, I believe, do. Reduce the postage, then, en-
courage prepayment, and consider that, if there is
no prepayment, the loss of each quarter and year
is to be deducted, and that inconvenience will
result. If there is prepayment, there ought to be
an advantage resulting to the prepayers.
I do not wish to press this matter further. I
merely wish to say, not as the advocate of a public
press, though I ought to be, not as the defender
of any rights of publishers, though I have been
of the number, not out of any desire to laud the
character or condition of editors, though I have
needed that laudation, and tried to give it; not at
all, sir; but I simply ask that we may have one
stable law among us; that we may run on one
year longer with this experiment, and see whether
we cannot, as they have done in England, raise
the revenue from a deficiency to a surplus.
There, sir, they have, in a few years, increased
it from millions of deficiency to six millions of
profit. It is all I ask. No country paper can or
will find fault. No country paper in which my
friend feels an interest will mourn over it. There
is not a country paper in the world that does not
know that Us circulation is increased, vastly in-
creased, by the effect on the public mind of the
better informed city press. Who does not know
that every paper which comes into his county cre-
ates an appetite for further reading? Increase of
appetite for newspaper reading is like that which
