1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1685
the poet inspires. It certainly grows by what it
feeds on. And let us have an opportunity of cir-
culating, at as low rate as possible, that species
of pabulum which, instead of palling on the public
appetite, vitiating public morals, goes to strengthen
and establish true principles among us.
Give us intercourse between the North and
South, the East and the West, and then every press
becomes a means of public good, and every news-
paper becomes a point of union between diffei^nt
sections of the country. A common sentiment
and sympathy of feeling between all parts of the
country are of infinite consequence in political
ethics. I will not trouble the House any further,
as I have already gone beyond the time to which I
had designed limiting myself.
Mr. BARRY. One of the propositions to which
I object, connected with this subject of postages,
is, that the Government is bound to carry any
man's letters for less than the actual costof trans-
portation. The idea seems to be prevalent that it
is the duty of the Government to transport the
mails for nothing; but you might as well say, in
my opinion, that it was the duty of the Govern-
ment to deliver the merchandise of the country for
nothing. The system of postages originated at
a time when the Government desired to make
money out of it, and it was a means of levying
taxation upon the people. This is one extreme of
the system. The other extreme is, that the Gov-
ernment shall carry letters, and that the taxpayers
shall supply the Treasury with the money to pay
the cost of transportation. One extreme is as
equally wide of the truth as the other. The true
medium is, that the individuals who enjoy the
benefits of the postal system shall pay its expenses.
If I receive a letter which costs me three cents,
but which it costs the Government five cents to
deliver, there is no obligation resting upon any
other man, or set of men, to pay the additional
two cents. There is no obligation upon others to
pay for that which I receive as private property.
If a letter comes to me it is for my benefit, and it
comes at my desire. Is it fair or just that any
other man who does not receive the benefit shall
be called upon to pay a share of the expense?
Extend this principle, and after a time you will
require letters and newspapers to be carried for
nothing; and then, in one form or another, the
post office system will become a mere u Adams's
express," running into every town and village of
the country, for the delivery of private property
free of expense.
There is a common sense limit in this thing,
and that is, that the Post Office Department should
pay its expenses. If you send a letter from one
end of the Union to the other, and it costs the
Government five cents,you ought to pay five cents,
and not call upon your neighbors to share the
burden. If you take either extreme you depart
from what I conceive to be sound principle.
Another position assumed here is, because indi-
viduals may carry mail matter between the great
cities cheaper than the Government does, that,
therefore, mail matter all over the country should
be carried at the same rate. You can carry let-
ters and papers between large cities at a cheaper
rate, for the simple reason that there is a large
amount carried there. If you should leave the
carrying of mail matter to private enterprise, as
has been advised, nine tenths of the post offices
of the country would be unsupplied, because
those who monopolize the lines between the great
cities that pay, would not take the lines going to
the small towns and villages through the country,
which would not pay. If you continue the present
number of mail routes and the present number of
trips, and individuals bind themselves to deliver
the mails just as they are delivered now, then they
can make no more profit than the Government,
because they will have to save the profits of the
mam lines between the larger cities to make up
the losses in carrying on the lines between the
small towns and villages. This proposition of
reducing the postages between the large cities is
throwing the whole burden of the Post Office
Department upon the shoulders of the peopli^
The long and short of this whole matter is, that
the tax upon letters and papers should be paid by
those who receive them.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will my honorable friend
from Mississippi allow me to make a remark?
Mr. BARRY. With pleasure.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe that my desire
was to express that opinion. I have said on a
former occasion, when 1 am sure I had not
the pleasure of having my friend for an auditor,
that the conveyance of all the letters between the
mercantile portions of the Union—for instance
between Baltimore and Boston—can be done for
one cent each letter. But, that the system of
mails maybe kept up, I have said that the mer-
cantile portion of the community should submit
to this tax of two hundred per cent. The gentle-
man will perceive that this is our argument: that
for this purpose the man who sends a thousand
letters per week would have to pay three cents on
each of them, in order that persons who send only
one or two letters may have the benefit of having
them conveyed for three cents each.
Mr. BARRY. I think that, as the Post Office
Department is a system regularly established for
the benefit of the whole country, we cannot change
it, in the manner proposed, without destroying
it; that we cannot allow one line, which pays
well, to be monopolized for individual enterprise,
and leave other lines of less importance to be en-
tirely dependent on themselves.
M"r. CHANDLER. Will the gentleman ex-
cuse one other remark ?
Mr. BARRY. Certainly.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is this: that when we
go one grade over beyond this tax we speedily
induce the system of private carrying of letters
along the coast for the purpose of saving postage.
Besides, all the express companies deliver the--
paclrages sent by them sooner than the mails do.
We should be cautious, therefore, not to tax too
much, lest we drive the people to resort to other
means, and lest we thus breakdown the whold^jpand who will contribute least to the Treasury to
system of the post office. This is my doctrine.
Mr. BARRY. The position assumed is this:
that on lines where the postage is more than the
expenses, the rate of postage should be reduced;
and that the minor lines, where they do not
collect postage enough to pay the expenses of
carrying the mails, should be left to themselves.
Why do not the gentlemen who advocate this
system endeavor to apply it to the other branches
of the Government? Why do they not extend
the doctrine to the tariff of the United States? If
it were extended to the tariff, the customs paid by
Mississippi, which are perhaps between $500,000
and $1,000,000, would be spent within her bor-
ders, and not lavished on the Atlantic and other
States, by whom the tariff duties are not paid.
Notwithstanding the State of Mississippi contrib-
utes largely to the Treasury of the United States,
the pay of her members of Congress is, perhaps,
more than all the money annually expended by
the Federal Government within her borders. If
it be unjust that any State should pay more to the
Post Office Department than is spent for mail
facilities within her borders, it is equally unjust
that any State should pay into the Treasury more
than is spent by the Government in her limits.
Somewhat more is charged to Mississippi for mail
routes in the State—whether correctly or not I
shall not now inquire—and we are advised that
we should be thankful that we are allowed so
much more from the Department than we pay
into it.
This thirty or forty thousand dollars, by which
the expenses of the Department in our State are
said to exceed the postages, puts us under weighty
obligations; but no account is made of the half
million or more we annually pay into the Treas-
ury, of which we do not have $25,000 spent in the
State. The cities are anxious to dissolve the
post office partnership with us, upon the slight-
est suspicion that they pay a sixpence more than
their absolute proportion, but quite willing to
keep up another connection by which we pay and
they spend. They do not desire that the States
ehould contribute to the Federal expense in the
degree in which they receive the disbursements,
for that would quadruple their burdens, and dimin-
ish even more signally the Federal patronage on
which they thrive. If the gentlemen from Bos-
ton, New York, and Philadelphia desire, upon
what they esteem principles of justice, to monop-
olize all the profits of the Post Office Department,
and receive from it every cent they pay into it,
let them mete out to Mississippi, and other con-
suming States of the West and South, in the way
of Federal patronage, all that those States pay
into the National Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. Do we not. pay twenty
per cent, c^p all the sugar and molasses we con-
sume ?
Mr. BARRY. Notwithstanding the much we
pay and the little we receive from the Federal
Government, if we ask a weekly horse mail, we
are told that the Department spends more in out
State than the postages amount to, and the rev-
enues of the Department are appropriated to hnailfc
once, twice, ana thrice, and four times a day upon
the Atlantic sea-board. It is now proposed to
make us pay for this monopoly, by which justice
j is denied us, in addition to paying the expenses
I of the Federal Government. These expenses
come out of the consuming States in the form of
a tariff, and if any addition to the expenses of the
Government is made, it is paid in the same way,
and by the same persons.
If the Post Office Department is a burden upon
the Treasury, it is simply adding to the burdens
of those who now support the Government for
the benefit of those who are exempt from them?
and thus, those who shuffle off upon others their
due share of the national support, desire also that
their postage should be paid by others. There is
no limit to the burdens which power and selfish-
ness will impose upon the submissive and the
weak. As soon as the idea is recognized as true,
that a part of the postage of individuals should be
paid by the Government, the same argument by
which that fallacy is made popular wili support
with equal plausibility the doctrine that the Gov-
ernment should pay all the postage, and that no
tax should be allowed to fetter the unlimited dif-
fusion of knowledge. This plan is most agree-
able to those who have the largest correspondence,
pay for the expenses of the Post Office Department.
It is a system devised to monopolize all benefits
and escape all burdens.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Haven,]
in discussing the subject the other day, boasted
that New York paid into the Post Office Depart-
ment $350,000 more than her mail expenditures.
But the gentleman forgot to tell you .there was a
line of mail steamers from New York to Liver-
pool, for which $850,000 are paid out of the United
States Treasury.
Mr. HAVEN, (interrupting.) I beg my friend
from Mississippi to bear in mind that I took that
fact into due consideration; and every letter which
the State of Mississippi, or Louisiana, or any-
other southern State sends abroad, finds its exit
through the port of New York; and every return
letter which comes back in reply, also nnds its
terminus at that place. That line, then, is estab-
lished not for our letters alone, but for yours also;
for the letters of the whole Union.
Mr. BARRY. Yes, sir; but where we get one
letter, you get ten thousand; and, in addition,you
have the benefltofthe terminus of the line at that
port. That is a great benefit to New York; if it is
not, make the terminus at some other city. Pro-
pose this, and you will soon see a " civil insurrec-
tion" there. I repeat, propose to make any other
port the terminus, and listen if New York does not
complain that the change would deprive her of a
great benefit. Transfer it to Baltimore, Phila-
delphia, or New Orleans, and you will quickly,
hear the argument that the line is of more impor-
tance to New York than to all the Union besides.
The gentleman forgot also to tell you that the
San Francisco line terminates at New York, and
therefore onehalfof the cost of that line ($850,000)
should be charged to New York, and to that the
Bremen and Southampton line, also starting from
New York, at a cost of$400s000 or $500,000, and
it seems to me that the gentleman's boast of the
New York surplus is disposed of. Four hundred
and twenty-five thousand dollars for the Califor-
nia line, $850,000 for the Collins line, and some
$400,000 (the precise amount I do not remember)
for the Bremen line, make a total of $1,675,000,
which is to be charged to New York, and from
which the vaunted surplus of #350,000 is to be
deducted, leaving $1,325,000 deficit in the post
office account of the State of New York. The#
all add to the wealth and commerce of New York,,
and foster that centralization of trade there which
hardly less than the marvelous facilities of hefr
position, has contributed to her unrivaled growth
and prosperity. If justice were done, the benefit
of these lines would be divided, and other cities
permitted to share advantages which are appropri-
ated by one at the expense of all.
