1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
derived. That was the only manner in which the
question could be raised here; it was a matter of
necessity. I could not petition the Senate for a
seat as a member upon this floor. The Senate
have no right to give any seat. If I come here,
I must do so upon the strength of my credentials—
the authority of my State. Those credentials are
already on file. They are, on the face of them,
in force. There is nothing at this moment on the
records of the Senate which would terminate my
duties here; there is nothing on record which would
authorize the President or the Secretary to erase
my name from the roll. So far as the Senate are
officially advised, there is and can be no question
upon the subject. But facts are understood to have
transpired, of which the Senate has as yet no of-
ficial notice, which may affect my right to a seat
here.
Under these circumstances, it must be apparent
to every one, that the only mode of bringing the
question before the Senate, was to appear here as
a member of the body, leaving it to my friends, or
my enemies, if I have any, [Several Senators:
Wot one.] to raise the question. Under these cir-
cumstances, I believe those friends will do me the
justice to say that when I came here, I came with
the question on my tongue, consulting with mem-
bers in what manner it would be most appropriate
to bring it before the Senate. Sir, I trust I may
not be regarded as having presented myself here
from mere personal considerations, nor be looked
upon in the light of a squatter upon this floor.
Mr. SEWARD. It is proper that I should say,
by way of confirmation of the remarks of the hon-
orable Senator, that at the earliest day, and even
before his arrival in this city, his friends were ad-
vised that they were desired to consider as to the
proper manner in which the question should be
brought up here; and what has been done has been
done in concurrence with the delicate wishes ex-
pressed by the honorable gentleman himself.
The resolution was agreed to.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BRODHEAD presented the petition of
Gideon Hotchkiss, praying the extension of a pat-
ent for improvements in reacting water-wheels and
their appendages; which, with the papers on file
relating to the same case, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of John
Phagan, praying compensation for exploring a
country for the Seminole Indians, west of Arkan-
sas, under an order of the Secretary of War; which
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, presented the me-
morial of the Rock River Yalley Union Railroad
Company, of Wisconsin, praying a grant of land
to aid in the construction of their railroad; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of the heirs
of Andrew Buchanan, praying indemnity for
French spoliations prior to 1801; which was re-
ferred to the Select Committee appointed on that
subject.
Also, the petition of William W. Woodworth,
administrator of William Woodworth, deceased,
praying the extension of a patent for a planing
and grooving machine; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Joseph
McKracken, piaying bounty land for the services
of his father during the war of the Revolution;
which was referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. EVERETT. I have been requested to
present the petition of Peter Amey, who was on
board the United States frigate Essex, in the year
1814, at the time of the memorable action in which
that vessel was engaged. On that occasion he
received a severe wound. He now asks for a
pension. I move that the petition and accompany-
ing papers be referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of Laurence
Taliaferro, praying a pension on account of dis-
ease contracted in the military service of the Uni-
ted States during the last war with Great Britain.
Mr. MALLORY presented two petitions of
officers of the Army, praying an increase of com-
pensation; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. BRIGHT presented the petition of Major
James P. Heath, praying compensation as an aid-
de-camp to Governor Winder, commander-in-
chief of the Maryland Militia in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
William Ballard, praying that certain improve-
ments made by him in the construction of vessels
designed for the Navy may be tried in the con-
struction of one of the vessels about to be built;
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
CHEAP OCEAN POSTAGE.
Mr, SUMNER. Mr. President, I hold in my
hand a memorial from citizens of Boston, assem-
bled in Faneuil Hall, in which they pray that the
rate of ocean postage may be reduced to the uni-
form charge of two cents, or one English penny,
for single transit service for letters under half an
ounce in weight. The meeting at which the me-
morial was adopted was presided over by the
Mayor of the city, assisted by vice presidents,
men the most eminent in literature and business
in that community. It was addressed also by
eminent gentlemen of different parties. The me-
morial is brief, and singularly well drawn. I would,
therefore, while moving its reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, ask
the unanimous consent of the Senate that it be
printed. I believe the chairman of the Committee
on Printing agrees with me that it is expedient
that it should lie printed.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. MALLORY gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the State
of Florida alternate sections of the public lands,
for the construction of railroads in that State.
Alsa; a bill to provide for the building of a
marineiKispital at Appalachicola, Florida.
Also, a bill to provide for the building of a
marine hospital at St. Marks, Florida.
Also, a bill to create a new land district in
Florida.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRODHEAD, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill extending the_ provisions of the several laws
granting bounty lands to the officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service of
the United States; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The honorable Senator asked for the bill an early
and favorable consideration by the committee.
Mr. STUART, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
granting the right of way, and making a grant of
land to the State of Michigan, to aid in the con-
struction of the Oakland and Ottawa Railroad, from
Pontiac to Lake Michigan, and branches from Co-
runna and Grand Rapids to the straits of Mack-
inaw, and a continuous branch from thence to the
Montreal river, in said State; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to pro-
vide a site, and for the construction of a suitable
building, for the accommodation of the district
and circuit courts, and a post office of the United
States, at Indianapolis, in the State of Indiana;
which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will now have its
second reading, with a view to reference, if there
be no objection.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not wish to have the bill
referred. Let it take its place upon the Calendar.
The PRESIDENT. That course will be pur-
sued.
Mr. JAMES, according to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the relief of the officers and soldiers who served
in the Rhode Island brigade in the revolutionary
army, their heirs and assigns; which was read
twice, referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to intro-
duce a bill to lay off the town of Council Bluffs,
in Iowa; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. SUMNER, it was
, Ordered, That the memorial of James H. Bradford,pray-
ing for arrears of pension, be withdrawn from the flies of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That tile petition of Gad Humphrey? be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Allen G. Johnson be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com
mittee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the documents relating to the claim of B.
Juan Domereq, a Spanish subject, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered. That the petition of M. Jean Deplane, a
French subject, be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. FISH, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Harm an Blennerhassett
and Joseph Lewis Blennerhassett be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims,
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of John M. Mcintosh be
withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to. the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers in the case of
Isaac Varnes be withdrawn from the files of the Senate,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of A. H. Cole be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Dempsey Pittman be with-
drawn from the files of the Senate, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Joseph T. Walker in
behalf of fell. Harrelson, Samuel H. Stevenson, Ezekiel
Parrish, and Alberti D. Rogero, be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That Emihe Hooe have leave to withdraw the
documents on the files of the Senate relating to her claim.
RESOLUTIONS AGREED TO.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted 'the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the subject-matter of relief to the inno-
cent purchasers and settlers on the Maison Rouge and the
l)e IIastrop giants, which lie in the States of Louisiana and
Arkansas, be, and the same is hereby, referred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of granting to Major Jona-
than Kearsley, an invalid officer of the war of 1812, the
pens-ion originally allowed him, but subsequently reduced
under an opinion of the Attorney General.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. BRODHEAD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
Charles Cooper & Co., praying for interest for
delay in the payment of an amount due them
under a contract with the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for their relief; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of J. Boyd, of Louisiana,
praying compensation for extra expenses incurred
in taking the census in the parish of Iberville, in
that State, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill for his relief; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Jacob Gideon, pray-
ing damages for the violation of a contract made
by him for binding for the Navy Department,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill for his
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the petition of B. E.
Abbott, praying to be remunerated for expenses
incurred by his father, George Frederick Abbott,
