1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt
. white-oak, was broken up, as unworthy of re-
pairs, after performing two short cruises. The
frigate Java, built at Baltimore, by contract, made
butone short cruise to the Mediterranean, and was
found to be so weak that she was recalled. She
afterwards received very extensive repairs, and
made another cruise to the same station. On her
return she was condemned as utterly unworthy of
further repairs.
The frigate Hudson was built at New York for
the Greek Government, by contract, and of white-
oak. She was purchased into our Navy, and
made but one short cruise, when she was found
to be completely decayed, and was condemned.
The brig Lawrence was built, by contract, for
the Navy, at Baltimore, at a cost of $45,000.
She was found to be so dull a sailer, and drew so
much water, that she was unfit for a vessel-of-war.
At the expiration of her first and only cruise, she
was found to be completely decayed, and was
condemned.
The brig Perry, about eighty tons smaller than
the Lawrence, was built about the same time, ?tt
the navy-yard at Norfolk, at a cost of $39,000,
and is now attached to the African squadron, and
likely to be a good vessel for years to come.
The Alleghany iron steamer was built at Pitts-
burg, and proved so weak that several of her tim-
bers were broken upon her first cruise. Her first
cruise proved her a failure, so far as the mode of
propulsion was concerned, and new engines were
put into her at a very heavy expense. She again
tailed, and entirely in consequence of the weakness
of the hull.
During the last war a private ship-builder was
employed to put up the frame of the Washington
at Portsmouth, New Hampshire, and he spoiled
one entire frame. This builder was very skillful
in the construction of merchant ships, but frankly
acknowledged that he was out of his depth in
attempting a ship-of-war.
The advocates for building ships by private con-
tract cannot name a single ship-of-war which has
been creditable to the private builder.
The steamer ICamschatka, built for the Russian
Government, was pronounced a disgrace to Amer-
ican mechanics.
The steamer United States, which was sold to
the German Government, was found to be unfit
for a vessel-of-war; and the small steamers built
for the Mexican Navy, but purchased upon an
emergency into our own, were utter failures.
Our navy-yards are provided with a very large
stock of live-oak, amounting to several millions
of cubic feet, which is of the very best descrip-
tion, altogether beyond the reach of private build-
ers; also scantling of the very best description,
as well as all the materials for building ships,
calculated to last half a century. They are also
provided with ship-houses, erected over building
ships for the convenience of workmen, and the
preservation of ships while in construction; and
lastly, we have experience and skill in our naval
constructors in building vessels-of-war, which can-
not be found out of our Go vernment establishments.
Finer ships or better models have never been
produced than the ships which now compose our
Navy, especially on steamers. The only thing
about the steamers which has failed is the steam
machinery, and that was all built by contract.
The law of contract is imperative that work
must be done by the lowest Udder, which is a pre-
mium for bad work; for contractors certainly do
not intend to lose money by their operations; on
the contrary, they intend to make as much as
they can; and yet the attempt has been made to
hold the Bureau of the Navy Department respon-
sible for this defective law and the dishonesty of
contractors.
The great defect of our naval establishments is
the want of workshops for steam machinery, and
that should be remedied as early as possible.
The English Government has been compelled
at times to resort to the contract system, and the
result has always been a most prodigal and use-
less expenditure of money. At one time fifty new
frigates were struck off the Navy list as being un-
fit "for vessels-of-war, and they were all built by
contract; and in war steamers the number of fail-
ures in England has been immense. English offi-
cers, of the highest distinction, concede that the
United States Navy is equally complete, so far as
it goes, with their own, but they deny this of any
other.
The frigate Congress and sloop St. Marys were
visited, m the harbor of Rio de Janeiro, in De-
cember, 1850, by Vice Admiral Mosely, of the
British Navy, now in command of the squadron
in the Pacific ocean. On leaving theCongress, he
declared that he had that day inspected the finest
and best-appointed frigate he had ever seen. An-
other instance was related to me to-day. At Can-
ton, in China, the commander of the British East
India squadron has highly lauded the razee Mace-
donian, admiring her proportions, and speaking
favorably of her armament and officering foractive
war service.
The cost of labor upon a ship-of-war is about
fifty-five per cent, of her entire cost. It will
readily be seen that it is for the interest of the
Government to employ this very costly labor upon
the best materials, as it costs as much to build a
ship of bad material as of good. Live-oak lasts
twice as long, at least, as white-oak, and the cost
of white-oak is from one half to two thirds that
of live-oak.
The total cost of the steamer Susquehanna,
completely ready for sea, with stores for three
years, and a full supply of coals, was $759,454 42.
Her frame contains twenty-three thousand onai
hundred and sixty-three cubic feet of live-oaff
which cost $36,138 89, being but a very small
proportion of the entire cost of the ship. A white-
oak frame would have cost about $18,500; and
thus a saving in the first cost of the ship of about
$18,000 only would have been made had that ma-
terial been used; but the ship would have decayed
in half the time, and, in fact, been worth about
half as much.
Merchant vessels are broken out and restored
every voyage; and as often as this is'done, they
are thoroughly dried and ventilated. A vessel-of-
war, on the contrary, frequently runs for two or
perhaps three years without having her hold broken
out. For this reason ships-of-war are much more
subjected to decay than merchant vessels, which
renders it very essential to use the very best ma-
terials in the construction of the former. The
English and French Navy Departments have
tested the experiment,and abandoned the contract
system, because in no instance did they secure
efficient vessels under that system; and every such
attempt that has been made by the Government of
the United States, as 1 think I have fully shown,
has resulted in the construction -of vessels that
have not been adapted for the purposes of war.
Yesterday my colleague [Mr. Grow] referred
to the fact, and urged it as a reason why this bill
should not be passed, that the contracts entered
into with the Collins and other lines of steamers
provide us with a sufficient floating force, without
the increase of the Navy now proposed. I take
exception to that position, for the reason that we
have now upon our tables a report from a com-
mission, appointed under a resolution offered by
a gentleman from New York, [Mr. Walker,]
which proves conclusively that those vessels are
not adapted for war purposes. The experience
of the British Admiralty, coming contemporane-
ously with the report made by the commission
that entered into the examination, brings us the
intelligence, and their decision,that even the cele-
brated Cunard steamers, with all their efficiency
for sea service, are fitted only for transports, and
are not suited for war purposes.
I am opposed to that provision of the bill which
permits the Secretary of the Navy even to have a
discretion as to giving out the building of these
vessels by contract; and I am not selfish in that;
for it is not that I have not the most unlimited
confidence in the intelligence and judgment of that
gentleman and efficient officer, but that I conceive
it to be our duty to have them properly constructed,
which, in my humble judgment, can only be done
in our navy-yards, for the reasons I have given.
Mr. COBB. The gentleman is not saying a
word about my amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, sir, I will. Permit
me to say that I am entirely opposed to the
gentleman's amendment, for the reason that it
is impracticable.
The question was then taken on Mr. Cobb s
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected. ,
The question recurred on Mr. Cungman s
amendment.
Mr. MATTESON. Is it in order now to oiler
an amendment to the first section of the bill?
The CHAIRMAN. , It is in order.. • i
Mr. BOCOCK. There , is an amendment al-
ready pending. The amendment of the gentleman
from New York will, not, therefore., be in order,
except as an amendment to the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. That is true. .T(*ere is
an amendment pending. Does th? gentleman
from New York propose to ofieran amendment
to that amendment?
Mr. MATTESON. No, sir; it is a substantive
amendment, and i will reserve it until the pend-
ing question is disposed of.
The question was then put on Mr. Cungman's
amendment, and the Chair announced that it was
lost.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for a division, and
I ask that my amendment may again be read. ;
Several Members. Too late.
Mr. CLINGMAN. 1 asked for a division in
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides. .
The amendment was again read.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move to amend {he
amendment of the gentleman from North Carolina,
by inserting after the words " authorized to pay "
the words " not to exceed the amount now paid
seamen in the merchant service of the country. "
Mr. Chairman,.! have listened with great inter-
est to the remarks which have be'en made upon this
bill by the gentleman from Virginia, who is chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs, and as it
involves only $3,000,000, and as many of us are
inclined to aid in its passage, I, for one, want to
vote on it quickly.
I desire, however, to say a very few words in
reference to the amendment which has been offered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, for I think
there is more in it than some of us aie aware of.
My little experience in this House has led me to
believe, that one of the great causes of what is
said to be the inefficiency of the American Navy
is, that we do not pay the seamen employed in
the navai service of the United States sufficient to
obtain the men necessary to man our naval ships.
I recollect very well that a few months ago,
when the President of the United States was about
to send the expedition to Japan, Commodore Perry
was in this city, representing to members of Con-
gress the utter impossibility of manning the ships
placed under his command, for the very reason
that the men required to fill the places of sailors
were not to be paid more than half as much as
sailors were in the habit of receiving in the mer-
chant marine. 1 wish to see this slate of things
changed. Although I believe the reasons urged
by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] this
morning are strong, yet I desire to insert the
amendment I have suggested, believing that it
cannot work any injury to the bill. -Why shotild
not the seamen employed in the military marine
of the United States receive as much pay as those
employed in the mercantile marine, when it is
known that they are required to sail to ports
in Europe and all parts of the world. I think
we ought to do this. 1 would give the Secretary
of the Navy the power to regulate the compensa-
tion of the sailors, and limit it to the amountnow
paid in the mercantile marine service of the coun-
try. I am friendly to the American Navy, and
I wish to see its capacity improved, and have it
restored to its former glory. 1 wish to see it re-
generated—I wish to have it reinvigorated by a
proper spirit of progress and reform, not only in
the construction of the ships, but in the personnel
of the Navy.. I wish to see a modification of the
whole naval establishment—the creation of a re-
tired list, by which our naval officers, worn out
in the service, may be placed upon a footing with
those of other nations of the world; that the young
and aspiring officers miglit be advanced to posi-
tions whereby they could contribute to the main-
tenance of the honor and glory of the American flag
abroad. I would have such a reform in the service
as would strengthen theyoungofficersofthe Navy.
I would increase their service and their responsi-
bility, and thus reform, regenerate, and build up a
glorious Navy—thus make it what it has been,
the admiration of the world. I would put it in
the power of the Secretary of the Navy now, and
not at the end of the year when these ships are
built, to have ready at a moment's warning-the
necessary force to man your Navy, if necessary
in thirty days. Give him the power in regard to
pay, but limit it in such a way that he will not be
