118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JsBi 4j
while vice consul of the United States at Salonica,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of
James Dunning, praying that he may be allowed
interest on account of delay in paying him an
amount due under a charter-party, contract with
the Quartermaster's Department, reported a bill
for his relief; which was read a first time, and or-
dered to a second reading, and the report was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of the heirs of
the late Captain William G. Williams, of the
Corps of Topographical Engineers, praying for a
settlement of his accounts at the Treasury, upon
equitable and just principles, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill for his relief; which was
read, and passed to a second reading'. The report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of William G. Ridgely; which
was read a first time, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
CHANGE OP NAME OF VESSELS.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, the Committee
on Commerce, to which was referred the petition
ofMordecai&Co., of Charleston, South Carolina,
asking leave to change the name of the brig John
Dutton, has had the same under consideration,
and has directed me to ask that the committee be
discharged from its further consideration, inas-
much as there is a bill from the House of Repre-
sentatives for the same object.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the same
committee to report back the bill from the House
of Representatives, entitled "An act to change
the name of the American-built brig John Dutton,
and granting a register in her name," without
amendment; and recommend its passage at this
time.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill as in
Committee of the Whole; and no amendment
being proposed, it was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HAMLIN. 1 am directed by the same
committee, to which was referred the memorial of
J. S. Neal, master and owner of the steamer Fal-
con, plying between Cincinnati and Louisville,
praying that the name of that steamer may be
changed to that of Queen City, to report a bill
" changing the name of the American-built steamer
Falcon to that of Queen City," in accordance with
the wish of the memorialist. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to have the bill considered
at this time.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. No amendment being pro-
posed, it was reported to the Senate without amend-
ment, ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read a third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives by Mr. J. W. Forney, its Clerk,
announcing that it had passed a joint resolution
instructing the Joint Committee on the Congres-
sional Library to inquire into the propriety of
providing for the distribution of "certain public
documents now in the State Department.
The joint resolution was read twice, and referred !
to the Committee on the Library.
THANKS TO GENERAL WOOL.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to which was referred the
joint resolution of thanks to General John E.
"Wool, received yesterday from the House of
Representatives, has instructed me to report it j
back without amendment, and ask its immediate i
consideration and passage. j
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded j
to consider the joint resolution, as in Committee i
of the Whole. It proposes to resolve that the :
thanks of Congress are due, and are tendered, to
Brevet Major General John E. Woo), for his '
distinguished services in the late war with Mex-
ico, and especially for the skill, enterprise, and
courage which distinguished his conduct at the i
battle of Buena Vista, and requests the President
to cause a sword with suitable devices to be pre-
sented to General Wool, as a testimony of the
high sense entertained by Congress of his gallant
and judicious conduct on that memorable occa-
sion.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third .reading,
read a third time, and passed.
WAREHOUSING SYSTEM.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill to extend the warehousing system, by
establishing private bonded warehouses, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I stated that
I would call the bill up for the purpose of asking
the Senate to make it a special order; but it has
been suggested to me that that is hardly necessary.
This bill, or one providing for the same object,
was considered and passed by the Senate last ses-
sion, but was lost in the House for want of time.
I will state that the only material difference be-
tween this bill and the one of last session is, that
this allows three years instead of one year for
withdrawing goods for consumption out of the
warehouses. That is the only material change
made in the bill of last year. As it has been sug-
gested that it had better be put on its passage now,
1 hope there will be no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
furnish the Senate with the report of the hoard of a5mmis-
sioners appointed to locate military asylums, if/tine has
been made. * /
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.il
On motion by Mr. CHASE, the Senate resumed
the consideration of the following resolution, sub-
mitted by him on the 14th ultimo:
" Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of piovidmg
for the construction of a railroad from some point on the
western line of one of the existing States to some point on
the eastern line of California."
Mr. GWIN. I move to strike out the whole
of the resolution from the word "Resolved," and
insert the following:
That so much of the President's message and accom-
panying documents as refers to the subject of a national
railroad from the Mississippi valley to the Pacific ocean,
together with all the bills pertaining to the same that have
been or may be presented to the Senate, be referred to a
select committee of members.
The propriety of this reference must be apparent
to every member of the Senate. The subject em-
braces so many important objects of a national
character, that it cannot be embraced legitimately
within the sphere of duty of any one of our stand-
ing committees.
The bill offered by the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Seward,] a few days ago, and referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
proposes to build a road through the territories of
the United States, from the western border of
some State west of the Mississippi river to the
eastern boundary of the State of California, for
military and postal purposes. Why was it re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads in preference to the Committee on Military
Affairs—both committees having an equal right to
claim the jurisdiction of the bill ?
The bill further proposes to contribute from
the National Treasury a portion of the means
required to build the road—a subject which prop-
erly belongs to the Committee on Finance; to
raise the price of public lands within a specified
distance of the road—a subject requiring the action
of the Committee on Public Lands^ it proposes
to build a road—and, therefore, should go to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
This road is to be within the territories of the
United States, outside the limits of any State—a
subject to be considered by the Committee on
Territories. It gives Congress the power to regu-
late the tolls on merchandise—a subject under the
jurisdiction of the Committee on Commerce; and,
finally, it provides for the transportation of offi-
cers of the Navy, seamen, and marines, naval
stores, and armaments—a subject which belongs
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
I need say nothing further in favor of the mo-
tion I have made—its propriety must be apparent
to every one. I have not stated in the resolution
how the committee shall be appointed, whether by
the Chair or by ballot, or of what number of
Senators it shall be composed, leaving both to the
decision of the Senate. My preference is for a
large committee of not less than nine members,
so that the deliberations of so large a number of
the members of this body, when matured, may
receive a favorable consideration from the Senate.
The subject of a national railroad, connecting
the Pacific and Atlantic coasts of the United
States, is one that must command the deliberate
consideration of the Senate—the public sentiment
of our constituents requires it. No question of the
present "day approaches it in importance, or is
more the subject of discussion throughout the
country. It is surrounded by many difficulties,
and requires the utmost precaution in preparing
its details. I have an abiding faith in the per-
petuity of the union of these States, which can
only be preserved by connecting our Atlantic and
Pacific possessions by means of a railroad.
The difficulties in accomplishing this important
result are great, but not insurmountable. That
Providence which guided our forefathers to Ply-
mouth rock, and their descendants across this con-
tinent to the Pacific ocean, building up one of the
greatest empires in the world, will still guide us in
making that empire imperishable by the accom-
plishment of this work. Its fate depends upon
the action of this Congress. The subject cannot
be postponed without outraging the public senti-
ment of the country; and the sooner it is prepared
for legislative action the better; and whatever di-
rection it is determined to give it, whether by
reference to a select committee, or one of our
standing committees, I hope the Senate will act at
once.
Mr. BADGER. If the Senator from California
will allow me, I will suggest that a difficulty pre-
sents itself in regard to his amendment. That
part of it which refers to the reference of the por-
tion of the President's message relating to the
subject of the Pacific railroad is very proper; but
I suggest to the Senator, that if it is desired to refer
bills on the same subject, which have been intro-
duced and referred to standing committees, it will
be necessary to discharge thostf committees from
their consideration before they can be referred to
the select committee. In regard to bills that may
be introduced hereafter, they cannot be referred
until they are presented. I suggest, therefore, to
the Senator, that the latter portion of his amend-
ment, in regard to bills which have been or may
be presented to the Senate, be struck out.
Mr. GWIN. I will agree to the suggestion,
and strike out all except that which relates to the
President's message.
Mr. CHASE. I have no special concern in
regard to the disposition of this subject, nor do I
desire now to enter at length into the debate on
the resolution. I introduced the resolution, think-
ing that the inquiry which it proposes properly
addresses itself to the standing Committee on
Roads and Canals, constituted for the purpose of
taking in charge subjects of this nature. I still
think that that is the proper reference. The Sen-
ator from California was kind enough to advise
me of the amendment which he has now proposed;
but being of the opinion that the direction origi-
nally contemplated by me is the proper one, I
prefer to take the sense of the Senate. 1 shall
cheerfully acquiesce in its decision, whatever it
may be.
The Committee on Roads and Canals is con-
stituted for the especial purpose of taking subjects
of this character into consideration. If this is not
a matter proper to be referred to it, I know of none
which is. The resolution proposes an inquiry
into the expediency of a road. That is its primary
subject. Whatever else is connected with it is
incidental. It is very true that the construction
of the road will involve an expenditure of money;
it is very true that the road, when once con-
structed, will be used for the transportation of the
mails. In its first aspect it might be a proper sub-
ject of reference to the Committee on Finance; in
its second aspect it might be a proper subject of
reference to the Committee on the Post Office and
Po&t Roads; but the primary element is the road;
