mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In discussing the subject some days since, the
gentleman from New Yorkffilr. Haven] ascribed
to New York and New Orleans the postage paid
at those. two places upon through letters and
papers, though there are not, five miles of that
wholeJine,-fifteen hundred.milesormorein length,
in either of those States; and all the expense of
transportation is ascribed to the intermediate
Sfatgs. So Ne«r"5£prk collects the ocean postage,
and it'makes a part o^iher surplus. When you
come to deduct thos,e New York ocean contracts
from the surplus which the northern States pay to
the,Post Office Depa-rtment, and which the south-
ern do not pay, it is almost absorbed; and the
State and city of New York, which have yielded
sjieh. a,surplus, and on account of which they are
clamorous for cheaper postage, are the State and
Union which enjoy the preeminence
OT being more deeply indebted to the Post Office
■Department than any other.
This system of ocean steamers, and postage
Reduced below the actual cost of transportation,
is unjust in the last degree; weought to come back
to sound principles, that we may escape the
scourge of taxation to supply the demands made
upon the Treasury for post office expenses, and
that naillions may not be annually squandered
11P'^1 J foreign mail lines, while there are portions
v ,c?nn'ries denied the most indispensable
mail facilities. Information must fly through the
commercial sections on wings of fire and light-
ning, while it creeps through the agricultural re-
gions so slugglishly and periodically as hardly to
preserve vitality.
u Let extremes be avoided; neither make the
Post Office a source of revenue, nor make it the
causQ of taxation; let each man who receives a
letter or paper through the mail pay his full share
of the expense of transporting it; let the Depart-
ment be administered wiih rigid, yet wise econ-
omy; let the postages of the country be reduced
a® '°w "s wil1 Pay expenses, and let the burden
of the Department fall on those who make use of
it, and not upon the citizen who shares none of
Us benefits.
- a*]£ument that the reduction of postage
is lightening the burdens of the masses is most
fallacious, if the amount of the reduction is to
come out of the Treasury. You only change the
object of taxation; you shift the burden from one
citizen to another; you abandon the simple, nat-
ural mode that he who gets a benefit shall pay for
it.at the time, and transfer the payment to a de-
partment of the Government which must use the
expensive and dilatory machinery of tariffs. Who
write most letters, and receive most newspa-
pers? Not the poor and needy, but the rich and
opulent? For one letter written by a man to whom
the postage is an object, hundreds and thousands
are written by those to whom postage is an insig-
nificant item. Correspondence itrmainly used
b.y those-to, whom it is an instrument of lucrative
business, or a luxury of social leisure. The
merchants of New York write more letters than
alj, the " servant girU," whose joys and sorrows
are described as finding relief and vent in episto-
lary intercourse, in the whole Union.
But the taxes by which you will pay for this
postage are levied on the poor of the country.
X he tariff, we know, collects its impositions from
the labor of the country rather than from its
property. No citizen so humble as not to con-
sume those articles on which revenue has been
raised, or whose price has been enhanced by ex-
cluding the competition of the foreign manu-
facturer. Some men write no letters, and receive
no papers; but all, even the paupers in the poor
Whfi6' ,?onsum,e those articles which are taxed.
While those who use the mails pay all the ex-
E* ,1 carryi"§ them, the weight falls mainly
cfov J ?alth °uf the coulUry; but wh*n the
Government pays the postage, it falls chiefly upon
^ j [ ?f people. For one dollar of relief
anorded to the poor, ten will be afforded to the rich.
1 he scheme is the offspring of the wealthy com-
mercial classes, not of the poor or the agricultural.
It is favorable to the manufacturer and merchant,
but unjust to the farmer and the, laborer. It
tends to enrich the town and impoverish the
?JU"!'ry' It fosters centralization by making
the General Government the dispenser of national
bounty. It affords an excuse and a necessity for
continuing a higher tariff than would otherwise be
requisite; and pferhws all thf advocates of a pro-
July 12,
tective tariff will be found supporting the doctrine
for that reason.
1 recapitulate: there is no obligation upon the
Government to transport the letters and papers of
individuals at less than the actual cost; and it is
unjust to cast upon all, the expense of that which
is private benefit to a spialler number; that it is
unwise to spend million^ an ocean mail lines
while poriious of the country are denied neces-
sary facilities; that the Post Office Department
should be economically conducted, and the post-
ages should be graduated to the lowest price that
will meet the expenses of the Department.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the morning hour out?
The SPEAKER. There are about five minutes
remaining.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman will
give way for us to go into the.Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, 1 would prefer to go on now.
The first question for this House to consider in
connection with this bill is, " Shall this Govern-
ment bear the expenses of the Post Office Depart-
ment?"
it comes to that at last; and gentlemen will have
to look at it, in my judgment, in that view alone.
Now, will this Government undertake to pay the
expenses of the Post Office Department, or will it
require those who use that Department to do it?
I shall not undertake to discuss that proposition
at this time. The time is short, and I am not dis-
posed to enlarge on the point, because every gen-
tleman who hears me is as competent to pass on
it as myself.
*The particular proposition before us is for the
increase of newspaper postage, and that object
only. The express companies have the power to
transport newspapers, and there is, of conse-
quence, a direct issue between them and the Gov-
ernment. The gentleman on the other side says
that expresses can, and will, transport the public
mails cheaper than the Government. Then, here
is a trial between them. The expresses now have
the power to transport the newspaper mail. This
bill proposes to increase their strength by aug-
menting the postage. Here, then, is a fair issue and
fair test. If the expresses can carry the newspa-
per mails cheaper than the Government, the con-
clusion is plain that the expresses will have all
the carriage. By the passage of the bill, the gen-
tleman will have the direct experiment made.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Government will lose
then so much more revenue by the loss of the
revenue from newspaper postage; and, according
to the gentleman's argument, we must augment
letter postage.
Mr. SMITH. No, sir. The effect would be
to establish the superiority of private expresses,
and help to do away with Government agency.
I want to see the demonstration, and this measure
will help gentlemen's theories to their proper
trial. Now, the question with the committee is,
whether it will adopt this proposition when the
important result is a test of theory. Why, sir, if
I had no other reason for voting in favor of this
bill, it would be for the fact that it is calculated
to present the issue strongly to the country,
whether the Government or private expresses can
transport the public mails cheapest. Why not
support it then? We ought to go for it. It con-
templates nothing in the world but an increase of
the rates of postage on the newspapers of the
country. If private expresses, I repeat, can carry
the mails cheaper than the Government, they will
have the carriage of the whole of the mail matter.
Then there will be no burden on the people.
The gentleman manifestly has reference to the
city circulation; but I tell him that, even according
to his view of the subject, he ought to go for the
bill. If his position be correct, that private ex-
presses can carry the mails cheaper than the Gov-
ernment, then by increasing the rates of postage
on newspapers he will get the monopoly in the
hands of those expresses, and the increased cir-
culation of the eity press is secured.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to state that the
gentleman does not misrepresent my argument at
all as regards the carrying by express cheaper
than by the Government; but if we do away with
the prolific and profitable operations^ you dry up
the resources of the Government towards aiding
the extremities, and thereby greatly help to destroy
the whole mail system, which the gentleman
seems desirous to sustain.
Mr. SMITH. We dry up the resources, ac-
cording to the gentleman, on newspaper trans-
portation.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. OLDS. Let me explain this point. The:
gentleman from Pennsylvania makes the point, that
 n consequence of the increase of the rate of post-
age on newspapers, the expresses of the country
wo.uid carry the newspapers. Now., the fact is
precisely this: You have no law prohibiting the
carrying of newspapers outside of the mails as
you have prohibiting such carriage of letters.
The expresses carry newspapers now when it is
profitable to do so; but the moment the transpor-
tation of newspapers becomes unprofitable, it is
turned over to the Government.. The Government
does not carry the newspapers from New York
to Washington. They do not come through the
mails, but they are delivered to readers here in
this city by the express, and why ? Because the
Government charges just as much for a newspa-
per from the city of New York to Washington,
as it does from New York to San Francisco. The
express finds it profitable upon the short routes
to carry newspapers, but upon those routes where
it becomes unprofitable the Government must step
in and take the burden. It is that of which we
complain. Now, the gentleman makes an argu-
ment of this kind, that in consequence of carrying
these newspapers you do not get anything more
for the transportation of the mails. It is not true
in fact, although it is tru^ for the time being.
Every four years you have a reletting of the mail
service, and those who are employed are paid for
the amount of service to be performed. If they
take a contract for transporting six tons of mails,
and you take five tons of newspapers out, they
will not charge for carrying one ton as they do
for six. It. only operates for the time being, and
therefore the argument of the gentleman does not
hold good.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentieman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] objects to
the passage of the bill because it increases the
burden upon the newspaper circulation. Is that
the ground of the gentleman's objection? The
-gentleman turns round and says that private ex-
presses will carry the newspaper mail cheaper
than the Government. Private expresses have
now the power to do it. How does the gentleman
from Pennsylvania reconcile these inconsistent
propositions ?
Mi. C MAIN DLER. Easily. Private expresses
carry newspapers between the large cities, and thus
absorb a great amount of income from this source,
leaving the burden upon the country press alone.
Mr. SMITH. I thank the gentleman for his
care of the country. I represent a rural district
to some extent, and I am happy to say that I am
willing to take the burden proposed by this bill.
I do not apprehend any difficulty. The gentle-
man may have private expresses to carry his mail
if he chooses; but I support this bill because it
embodies a great truth, and puts the burden for
the carrying of newspapers where it ought to be
placed. ®
Mr. WENT WORTH. If the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Smith] has some considerable time
left yet, I would suggest that he defer finishing
his remarks till to-morrow, so that we may go
into Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SMITH. As it is a question touching
newspaper postage, I had some desire to speak
still further upon the general,question, and run a
parallel between this country and England, show-
ing the error of the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandjler.] But I will not do
"now under the circumstances. I will reserve
what I desire to say further until to-morrow,.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move, then, that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
river and harbor bjxl.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
/^m"J!rUee of tlle Whole on the state of the Union,
\Mr. McMullin in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of House bill (No. 329) "making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law."
