1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
121
The SPEAKER. If no objection be made, the
gentleman will be allowed to proceed. The Chair
hears no objection, and the gentleman from Louisi-
ana has the floor.
Mr. HUNT. Mr. Speaker, X feel it due to my
character, and to my position in this House, to ask
leave to make an explanation of a personal nature
in regard to a vote X gave yesterday. Under a
mistake as to the proceedings of the House, which
I did not hear fully and correctly, and misappre-
hending the effect of a motion to lay on the table
a resolution offered by a member from Louisiana,
instructing the Committee on Commerce to report
a bill to repeal the duties on railroad iron, I voted
in error against that motion. I now desire to
correct that error, as far as may be, by declaring
that, while I will always be ready to afford reason-
able aid to railroad enterprise, and am willing to
vote, for instance, under existing circumstances,
for the motion of the member from North Caro-
lina, to give a credit of four years to railroad com-
panies to pay duties on iron imported by them for
railroad purposes, I never will consent to do away
with a just measure of protection of American in-
dustry and capital, and to open the door to foreign
industry and capital for a monopoly of our home
market. Nor will I give my sanction and approval
to any ill-judged or insidious attempt to strike
at a tariff system, by an attack upon one great
interest of the country alone, under an apparent
zeal to promote a class of popular internal im-
provements. I will only further add, Mr. Speaker,
that I disapprove, and will oppose, the plan of
legislating, too often resorted to in this House, and
unfortunately adopted by the mover of the reso-
lution yesterday, of accompanying a proposition
with amotion for the gag-law. We are sent here to
discuss public questions, and to arrive at just con-
clusions by an interchange of sentiments and a
comparison of views. I thank the House for the
opportunity it has afforded me of doing myself
justice in the matter to which I have called their j
attention. I
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES. j
The SPEAKER announced that reports from ,
committees were first in order, and commenced !
the call with the Committee on Ways and Means, j
APPROPRIATION FOR FORTIFICATIONS, ETC. '
Mr. HOUSTON, from the Committee on Ways ,
and Means, reported a bill making appropriations ;
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quartern for the year j
ending June 30, 1855; which was read a first and 1
second time by its title, referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and j
ordered to be printed. j
CUSTOM-PIOUS F$ AND MARINE HOSPITALS. |
Mr. HOUSTON. I have in my hand, and j
will send to the Clerk, a correspondence which |
has been had between the Committee on Ways j
and Means and the Secretary of the Treasury, m 1
relation to custom-houses and marine hospitals;
which I am instructed by that committee to ask
the House to have printed.
No objection was made, and the correspondence
was ordered to be printed.
J03 JVI. SAYTON AND ANTHONY GALE.
Mr. BOYCE, from the Committee on Claims,
made adverse reports upon the claims of Job M.
Savton and Anthony Gale; which were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
EOGART AND KNEELAND.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report back to
this House the petition and memorial of Bogart
& Kneeland, Benjamin L. Swan, the executor of
Thaddeus Stevens and Jacob Idler, and to report
that the subject of the papers properly belongs to
the Executive Department.
The papers were ordered to be laid on the table
and printed.
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported the following bill;
which was read the first and second time by its
title, ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union: " A bill to provide for the ascertainment
and satisfaction of the claims of American citizens
for spoliations committed by the French prior to
the 31st of July, 1801."
Mr. VAIL, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, submitted adverse reports in the following
cases: John H. Hicks, Mary Hopperton, widow
of Edward Hopperton, James S. Barbour, James
Butler, and Beniah Wright; which were laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hands of Asbury Dickins, Esq., its Sec-
retary, announcing that that body had passed bills
and resolutions of the following titles, and asking
the concurrence of the House therein:
A resolution for supplying new members of the
Senate and House of Representatives with such
books of a public character as have been hereto-
fore supplied;
An act to suppress the circulation of small notes
as a currency m the District of Columbia;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Dr. William Somerville, deceased;
An act concerning the district courts of the
United States in California;
An act authorizing Victor Morass to relinquish
certain lands, and to enter the same quantity else-
where;
An act for the relief of the legal representatives
of Major Caleb Swan, deceased; and
An act for the relief of Joseph Gonder and John
Duff.]
COLLECTOR BRONSON.
Mr. CUTTING. I now call for the order of
business, pursuant to the 61st rule of this House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution offered yes-
terday by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
CuttixgJ is now regularly in order:
The resolution was read, and is as follows:
Whereas, publications hnvc appealed in the public punts
| putpoiung to be copies of a eoi re^pondenee between the
I Secretary ol The Ti ea.-Miiy and Greene Ilroiison, the late
: Coliectoi of the Customs foi the Poitof New Yoik, relating
| to " the subject of the utifoitunate division m the Denio-
l crane paiiy in New York;*" the distribution of oifice* \
| •' anion;; the diffluent sections* of the parly and in which,
! alter tefeiunjz a to that poition of the paify to which Mi.
I Hronson adhered,'' the Seeretai y ol the Treasury expressed
j an expectation that the Collector would reeo^m/.e the
1 other potiion of the party m the onlv way that would cany
I conviction with it;" winch publications consist of alleged
[ leitei.-ftom the Secrctaiy of the Tie.isin y to the Collector
! aloie^aui, bearing date ic*peetivejy the 3d, *Hh, and %i2d
| da}s of October Ja<t, am! of letters from the latter to the
i toriner, bearing date the J7th and .-fM duvsot Oetobei last:
' And whereas, in the newspapercalJed " The Daily Union,"
j o| Wednesday, the 28ih December la«t, U is Mated, appa-
j rentiv by authority," that the reuiov.il ot .Mi. Biouson
was the act of the President, who "freely shouldei* the !
| entire responsibility and justifies bi« act not merely upon ■
1 thegiound o! alleged official insubordination, but upon the j
■ timber distinct ground that the late Collector had " prosti- j
; tutod hits ofhcc for political ends, and othenvi.su abiit-ed bis 1
j official trust for pnity purposes iheiefore, i
| Revolted, That the Secretary he, and he is hereby, re- !
I queued to conunmncate to tins Hoiimj a copy ot' the t orre- I
' ^pondence above referred to, (if any such then' he,) and of '
| any other letteis that may have passed between hun-elt and i
1 Greene C. I'ioumh), the iaie collector ol the customs tor j
■ the poitof New York, iclutnig to tile subject-mattei afore- |
■ said j j
! Mr. CUTTING. I remarked yesterday to the ,|
. House, when i offered this resolution, that it was j
not my purpose to enter into any discussion or ,
, debate of the topics involved in it, because, until !
! we had authentic information before the House, ,
it would not, in my opinion, answer any good !
! purpose to discuss that which must necessarily, ,
i when it comes up, excite our attention. That i
| design remains unchanged. ;
! The time, I trust, will come when we shall have j
an opportunity to enter fully into the merits of a J
matter which has occupied the public mind, per- :
haps more than any other question of that descrip- j
tion which has ever occurred—certainly, more I
than any I have ever known in the course of my ■
experience. My purpose now is, to move the ■
adoption of this resolution; and upon that motion, 1
as the time for debate has not yet arrived, I shall
ask the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I desire to ask the gentleman   !
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order, unless j
the demand for the previous question be with- .
drawn.
Mr. CUTTING. I desire simply to conclude
my sentence, for I do not wish to take my seat
with it unfinished. I say, I desire, inasmuch as :
the period for debate has not arrived, to ask sim-
ply for the adoption of the resolution, and for that :
reason I shall call the previous question. At the j
same time I will remai k, that should there be op- >
position to sustaining the call, I shall ask for the j
yeas and nays, in order that we may ascertain
whether or no there is any disposition to shrink
from this investigation. There has been uttered
what 1 believe to be a calumny against the char-
acter of an eminent citizen of my State; and the
Representatives of that State, I trust, are here to
stand by its sons when they are assailed, no mat-
ter from what quarter it may come. I ask for the
previous question.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Before the previous ques-
tion is seconded, I desire to ask the gentleman
from New York a single question.
Mr. CUTTING. 1 will withdraw the call for
that purpose.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. My object is simply this:
I desire to know whether the purpose of the gen-
tleman, in getting this information, is, if the facts
should require it, to take any further steps m the
matter? I will explain to him the object of my
question in a few words. It has always been my
practice to vote against mere political resolutions
upon this floor. At the same time, if the object
of the gentleman is to get at facts, with a view to
enable us to legislate, if necessary, or to direct
proceedings against any officer which it is compe-
tent to us under the Constitution to do, I think he
is entitled to the infoimation. While, therefore,
I would vote against the adoption of any mere
political resolution intended to make political
capital, at the same time, if I undeisland that
the object of the gentleman from New York is
to obtain information which, in his judgment,
may be important either to regulate the'legislation
of this House, or if he has any further object in
view as an American representative, 1 will, of
course, vote for his proposition. I cannot tell
what his object is, for the resolution is not very
definite in some respects. I desire to vote under-
standing upon this question. I do not intend
to take any part in a mere political contest. On
the contrary, I always vote to lay on the table
mere political resolutions, when they are intro-
duced here by any gentleman. I ask the gentle-
man the question with this view.
Mr. CUTTING. In answer to the question
propounded by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina, 1 beg leave to say that, as this question stood
no longer than a week ago, it would not have
been necessary, in my judgment, to have troubled
this body with the questions involved in that res-
olution. 1 would have jpcen content, sir, as the
correspondence between the Secretary of the
Treasury and the lafe Collector of New Yotk had
been published in almost every print of large or
mean circulation in the United States; as it had
been extensively read by almost all persons who
engage themselves in political matters, or look
after the affairs of the Government; as most of the
people of this country had made up a deliberate
judgment upon the matter of that correspondence
—I would have been content, for one, to leave the
whale question to the sober thoughts of the people
of this country. Rat since then this question has
assumed a new aspect. The removal of Judge
Bronson was alleged to have been occasioned by his
supposed insubordination to his Chief—ihe Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The argument upon that
subject, however, has been placed before the pub-
lic, and every man of any intelligence has, before
this, made up his mind as to whether ot not the
accusation on the port of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was well or ill founded. But in an article of a
most inflammatory character, published no later
than 2^th December last—months after this sub-
ject had been promulgated to the American people;
months after a deliberate judgment of some kind
had been formed—a newspaper, to which is attrib-
uted the speaking of the same sentiments as the
; highest officer of the Government, renews this sub-
1 jeet, reopens the question, and charges one of the
most eminent citizens oftheStateof New York with
; having violated the official trusts that had been de-
| livered to him for execution—charges him, sir,
| with a base misdemeanor in having prostituted his
i high offieefor political purpose. If thataceusation
i be true, we ought to know it; if it be unfounded,
i I think we ought to interpose a shield between a
j private citizen and the head of the Government.
! One word more, and then I will allow the gen-
! tleman from North Carolina to propound any
i further questions to me. This accusation that is
! now made seeks to place the removal of Mr.
: Kronson from office not upon the Ground of m-
j subordination merely, but upon the further dis-
