1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fore he had completed it? Would he not rather, in
the management of his individual affairs, if he
had the means, build his residenceatonce? Does
he not know that to make an improvement of any#
kind, when you have the means, the moat economi-
cal mode is to push it at once to completion ?
We have a Treasury full to overflowing;. It was
but a few days ago we voted $10,000^(000 for the
purpose of securing the right of way for a south-
ern railroad. That was the great purpose of the
appropriation, and all must admit it. Yes, sir,
$10 000,000 was appropriated; yet, when §232,000
is asked for an important improvement in the
Northwest, to aid in the development of its great
resources, we are told that it is not proper to ap-
propriate that amount.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr.HENN. I offer the following amendment:
For continuing the improvement ol the Rock Island
rapids, §123,620.
The CHAIRMAN- Is there any existing law
authorizing the appropriation?
Mr. HENN. There is.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that,
for the purpose of saving: time, he will expect
every gentleman offeringajBendments, when called
on, to exhibit the law auuftrizing appropriations
asked for.
Mr. HENN. I refer the Chair to the river and
harbor bill of 1852 for the authorization of this
amendment.
The amount of the amendment, Mr. Chairman,
is what has been estimated by the report which I
have in my hand for the completion of the im-
provement of the upper rapids.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. I would inquire whether single appro-
priations for certain purposes, without a previous
law authorizing the improvements, are laws within
the rule ?
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Theamend-
ment is merely a duplicate of the appropriation
now in the bill for the same improvement.
Mr. HENN. If the original item be in order,
my amendment is also in order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Having passed that
appropriation for the improvement of the Rock
river rapids, is the gentleman's amendment in
order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
propositions for appropriations authorized by ex-
siting law are in order. In this case the Chair
understands appropriations have been made for
these rapids.
Mr. IIENN. My amendment stands on pre-
cisely the same footing as the original appropria-
tion.
Mr. SMITH. I shall distinctly state the point
of order I raised for the decision of the Chair. I
understand that the Chair decided that no appro-
priation was in order to this bill, unless author-
ized by previous law. Am I right?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so decides.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Does the Chair de-
cide that this amendment is in order?
The CHAIRMAN. That is the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SMITH. Then I raise the question of
order in this case, for the reason that there is no
law legitimate to this case.
$ Mr.HENN. The Chair has already decided
the amendment to be in order. It stands pre-
cisely upon the same footing as the original ap-
propriation in the bill for the same object.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would request
the gentleman from Iowa to turn to the law under
which this appropriation is asked.
Mr. HENN. I would refer to the act of 1852,
" making appropriations for the improvement of
certain rivers and harbors," in which an appro-
priation of $100,000 was made for the improve-
ment of the Des Moines and Rock river rapids.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides, that
as a previous Congress has made an appropria-
tion for this work, the amendment of the gentle-
man from Iowa is in order.
Mr. SMITH. 1 desire to understand the ef-
fect of the decision. Do I understand it to be the
ruling of the Chair that an amendment to this
bill, asking an appropriation for the first time,
would be out of order?
The CHAIRMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH. But if, through inattention, it
should be entertained and adopted, it would legit-
imatize any future appropriations.
The CHAIRMAN. Such is the practical ef-
fect of the decision of the Chair.
Mr. HENN. I offer this amendment for the
reason that I wish to complete the improvement
of these rapids immediately. It is well known to
all western men that there are upwards of fifty
steamers plying up and down these rapids. Not
one man out of a hundred in the eastern States is
awaie of the immense amount of commerce at
this point. Last year there were no less than
three steamboats wrecked upon these rapids; and
estimating that the ships and their cargoes would
be worth §50,000 each, we have here a loss in the
aggregate of $150,000. If we go on and appro-
priate only $18,000 a year, it will take ten years
to complete the unprovementat these rapids, and,
in the mean time, we shall have a loss accruing to
the community, judging from present experience,
of a million and a half of dollars at least.
The people of the western States interested in
commerce upon the Mississippi river have been
denied for twenty years the same benefit that the
people of the eastern States have enjoyed from the
improvements made in their rivers and harbors.
The losses which have accrued at these rapids, for
which an appropriation is now asked, have been
more than enough twice over m amount to have
completed the improvement so necessary at that
point of the river. I hope that when we are
making appropriations we will make them to
some effect, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] very justly remarked a few min-
utes ago. You just appropriate enough to sup-
port a certain class of officers to make surveys,
and do nothing more. There is one place in the
rapids where I am confident a good practical man
would clear away the obstructions m less than
twenty-four hours. There are nothing but big
boulders in the way; and a single flask of pow-
der would improve the navigation materially. I
hope there will be a liberal disposition upon the
part of the committee to give us what the wants
of that section of the country demand. We ask
for nothing more than what is right and just in
this matter.
Mr. MILLSON. The objection which I just
now urged, applies as well to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Henn,]
| as to that offered by the gentleman from Illinois,
[Mr Richardson.] They both stand precisely
! on the same footing, the estimated cost being the
i same in both cases. But in rising to oppose the
; amendmentof the gentleman from Iowa, my chief
! purpose is to reply to the remarks made by the
J gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] who
| supposed that I wanted to menace the House with
i the influence of the Administration. Why, sir, I
; said nothing like it, and it is strange that any
! gentleman here, with the memory of the Nebraska
1 controversy still fresh and recent, should fancy
1 that I desire to affect the votes of members by
; appeals to the supposed views and wishes of the
; Administration.
; Mr. CAMPBELL. I did not mean to intimate
that the gentleman from Virginia rould himself
: be driven from any position which he thought
correct. But I did not understand how it was
i that he should throw out that menace, knowing
; that his position in relation to the Nebraska mat-
; ter was so very good. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. I threw out no menace. I
; stated that gentlemen who voted for this bill, could
! not shelter themselves under the authority of the
| Administration References had been repeatedly
■ made to the estimates of the Department. All
i that I stated in regard to them was, that these
| papers were not the estimates of the Department.
1 I would not stand here, and seek to influence the
opinions of gentlemen by urging the supposed
i wishes of the Administration. I wish I did know
; what the sentiments of the Administration are
! upon this question. It may, perhaps, be doing
the PVesident some injustice to doubt what they
i must be, but I should be glad to know that this bill
: would receive his veto if it should pass both
I Houses of Congress.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Just pass this bill,and
you will see whether it will be vetoed. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MILLSON. Sir, I have been a member
of three different Congresses: and their names
&YeMalvs,Pejor, PessimvA* [Laughter.] TheThir^
ty-First Congress was nearly divided between the
two political parties; but there was then only a.
small majority in the House in favor of the* river •-
and harbor bill. Now that we have, as is com*
monly supposed, an overwhelming majority of
Democrats here, we have reason to believe that
there will be an overwhelming majority in favor
of this bill. The public may put its own con-
struction upon this.
Mr. HENN. Inasmuch as the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Mii.lson] is speaking against my
amendment, I would ask him whether he consid-
ers the improvement of the Mississippi river to be
within the constitutional power of the General
Government ?
Mr. MILLSON. If I were to answer that ques-
tion, without giving the reasons for my opinion, I
would be doing myself injustice, and I would not
be giving the gentleman satisfaction. I will say,
however, that so far as the powers of Congress
are concerned, I see no difference between the
great inland sea, as it has been called, and "any
otherriver. But I am not discussingthequestion
of constitutional power. Had I no such objection
to this bill, 1 should find abundant cause for op-
position in the evils which belong to the system
itself, and which doubtless prevented itfrorn being
made constitutional. If the system were one proper
to be administered by this Government, control
over it would probably have been given to Con-
gress by the Constitution. And even if such con-
trol had..been expressly given, it does not follow
that it should continue to be exercised, after its
injustice and wastefulness have been shown.
Mr. MILLSON. I wish to offer a pro forma
amendment, for the purpose of concluding the re-
marks which I intended to make.
The CHAIRMAN. There is an amendment
now pending to an amendment. That of the gen-
tleman from Virginia is therefore not in order.
The question was taken on the amendment to
the amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I now move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois, by re-
ducing the appropriation to five dollars.
1 merely want to get an opportunity of saying
now what I have been so far diverted from saying.
I have not yet had an opportunity of showing
how greatly the cost of many of these improve-
ments will exceed the small amounts appro-
priated.
Let me take the case of the harbor of Oak
Orchard Creek, New York. The appropriation
in the bill last year for this work was only
$10,500. The present bill appropriates §14,500,
and the estimated cost of the work is $77,S56,
For Grand Haven harbor, Lake Michigan, only
the trifling sum of $2,000 was appropriated last
year. This bill proposes to appropriate $20,000,
and the estimated cost is $163,326.
For Black Lake harbor, Lake Michigan, the
sum of $8,000 was appropriated last year. This
bill proposes to appropriate $20,500, and the esti-
mated cost is §97,225.
For New Buffalo harbor, Lake Michigan, the
sum of $8,000 was appropriated last year. This
bill gives §16,000, and the estimated cost is
$104,267.
For Michigan City harbor, $20,000 were ap-
propriated last year. This bill proposes $19,000,
and the estimated cost is §77,619. But, accord-
ing to the plan of the agent having charge of the
work, and he is highly complimented in the
official reports upon his skill, the cost will be
$321,000.
Rockland harbor, Maine, is to receive by this
bill $15,000, and the estimated cost is $170,183.
For the Hudson river, there was appropriated
last year $50,000. This bill proposes to give
§50,000 more, and the estimated cost is $450,986.
For New Castle, Delaware, $15,000 was last
year appropriated, and $15,000 more is proposed
by this bill. The estimated cost is $56,000.
For Patapsco, Maryland, $20,000 was appro-
priated by the last Congress. This bill proposes
$50,000, and the estimated cost is $390,000.
For the Appomattox river, in Virginia, $22,500
was appropriated last year, and this bill gives
$50,000. The estimated cost is $115,000.
For the Breakwateracross Croatan soundsNorth
Carolina, $50,000 was appropriated last year, and;
