THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
TUESDAY, APRIL 4," 1854.
New Series,!,,.JST#.-
" But the reasonable inquiry is, can peace be best main-
tained by the exhibition of comparative weakness, or by a
display of strength and a preparation which, while it in-
viteri not a conflict, at least defies assaults? What are the
objects of a navy—wirn the considerations to guide us to a
correct conclusion as to the size and character of the naval
force of a Republic situated geographically and politically
as the United States? Do not wisdom and prudence ad-
monish the careful statesman, in his calculations for the
future, while he takes thought of the commerce, the rights,
the coast to be protected by this right arm of defense, at the
same time not to be unmindful of the comparative force,
efficiency, and character of the navies of the great Powers
with whom, with all our cherished love of peace, we may
have to contend? Is it the suggestion of asound discretion
to rely exclusively upon the sudden preparation of a patri-
otic people, when the perilous emergency starts up before
them, and shut our eyes with quiet composure to our real
condition? Or is it wiser to make the preparation which
a considerate glance at the true state of facts shall persuade
us is essential to our security
So far as the propriety of the gentleman's
amendment in relation to the contract system goes,
that has been pretty fully discussed, and little
more need be said, 1 apprehend, upon that point.
Every investigation into its propriety for vessels-of-
war, has led to its abandonment. When four
steamers (the Powhatan, Susquehanna, Saranac,
and San Jacinto) were ordered to be built during
Mr. Polk's administration, the proceedings of the
Naval Board, who were ordered by the Secretary
of the Navy to inquire into the expediency of
building those vessels by contract, were indorsed
as follows;
u In the present state of the service, T do not think it
will be forth#1 public interest to^construct either of the steam-
ers authorised by Congress for the Navy, by contract, and
I see no reason,"therefore, to exercise the authority men-
tioned above. JAMES K. POLK.
« Washington, June 2), 1847.'*
It is well known to all who pay attention to these
matters, that both the British and French Govern-
ments have latterly from time to time, either from
press of work or the cry of economy, tried the
contract system for building ships-of-war. In the
reports of the British Parliament, for example,
that of 1815 on the Navy, it is stated by Mr. Sep-
pings how inferior all the contract ships were, to
those built in the dock-yards. It was not denied,
in the examination referred to by him, and the
•witnesses who were interested, in the issue, said
they did all they agreed to, and all they thought was
necessary. The worst materials were put in, and
the least possible fastenings, and it was found
that where long bolts should have been used, they
were only ei$:ht or nine inches long. Those who
risked their lives in these ships called these short
bolts "devils."'
Upon the subject of ships-of-war built by con-
tract, the reports of the British House of Com-
mons, in the debate of 9th May, 1848, shows the
result of eight years' observation on that subject:
Total first cost
new 
Repairs in eight
years.. • .
Mean cost per
year. 
Builiby Government. Built by contract.
Petrel
£8,219
1,314
1,191
Penguin.
£8,386
1,540
1,240
Ranger.
£7,620
7,315
1,792
Jllert.
£7,472
5,163
1,579
£2,431 £3,371
Difference in favor of Government-built vessels, £940
per year.
In France, the reports of the Chamber of Dep-
uties show the same results. In the report of the
Committee of the Navy, which sat from 1849 to
1852, it is repeatedly stated that several, and, in-
deed, all. the vessels built by contract had imme-
diately to undergo a heavy repair to strengthen
them. A committee, raised upon the subject of
building ships-of-war, although of the most radi-
cal kind, made no recommendation to build ships
by contract. I have previously referred briefly
to our own experience in this matter. Why, sir,
a merchant ship requires but little extra strength,
beyond that to resist the sea, or perhaps to get
insurance. A ship-of-war must be strong enough
to stand the jar of firing her own guns, and to
receive the shot of an enemy. Besides, sir, it is
53
not true that our ships-of-war are not fast sailers'.
Why, a single instance may be referred to, to prove
otherwise. It is but a few weeks ago 1 read in
the newspapers (and that, we all know, is a
proper source to be informed of the truth) that
one of our best-built ships-of-war, the Portsmouth,
"held her own" with a clipper ship. Ours, a
strong, live-oak, copper-fastened ship, now eight
or ten years old, equaling the speed of a new clip-
per, built of chestnut, Grand Island oak, and yel-
low pine, which, being so light, will, in two or
three years, perhaps, be shaken to pieces. This
is really something to be proud of. But to return
to the Department and its attaches.
Now,.sir,as 1 have said, and 1 believe, there are
no abler or more experienced men in the line of
their profession than the men connected with the
Engineers and Construction Bureaus of the Navy
Department; but, in saying this, sir, I do not
intend to detract from the genius or skill of any
American mechanic. I am very willing to admit,
with my friend from New York, [Mr. Walsh,]
that George Steers—and I am proud of his merited
success—the builder of the yacht America, achieved
a great victory in England. I do not desire to
pluck the laurels from his brow. 1 am very will-
ing to believe that, if he was connected with the
Construction Department, the Government would
derive much benefit from his experience and ability.
But while I will not detract from the character
that George Steers has won as an American me-
chanic, I will not stand upon this floor and pei-
mit, even by implication, as the adoption of the
gentleman's amendment would, I fear, that John
Lenthall's character, as a skillful constructor and
naval architect, is less entitled to our consideration
and confidence. He, too, is an American me-
chanicof genius and skill. I know him intimately,
and I am proud to speak of his mechanical char-
acter, and award him well-earned fame. He de-
serves to occupy a proud position among American
mechanics. 1 refer, sir, to, and have named, the
chief of the Bureau of Construction, Equipment,
and Repair. And so with Mr. Murtin and Mr.
Copeland, the chief and consulting officer of the
Engineer Department. They are also at the head
of their interesting and scientific art, whether me-
chanical in the construction of the engines, or
professional in theapplication of steam as a means
of propulsion of vessels-of-war. The gentlemen
at the head of the Bureaus of the Navy Depart-
ment, who have been denominated in this debate
as of a by-gone age—I was going to say " Old
Fogies," but I do not like to use the words—are
entitled to our admiration and respect. In the
darkest hour of our country's peril, these "old
captains" braved danger, arid defended their coun-
try's starry banner in the thickest of the assaults
of our enemies. They are brave men, who never
flinched when their services were needed.
I vividly recollect, that in first reading the his-
tory of the war of 1812 how my heart yearned
towards our brave officers and gallant tars; how
I have been inspirited with the recollection of the
contest for"fiee trade and Sailor's rights;" and
I recollect that the glorious achievements by our
Navy inspirited the American arms everywhere.
Why, Mr. Chairman, the history of "the last
war," as it was called, is familiar, I am sure, to
all of us. We were unprepared at its commence-
ment, as the chairman of ihe Naval Committee said,
m his very eloquent opening speech. Millions of
dollars were lost to the country in consequence,
from spoliations upon our commerce. The nation
was divided upon the question of the war. The en-
emy's fleets were hovering all around us. Thenaval
victories achieved by our brave officers and gallant
tars broke the spell, and we bounded to life, lib-
erty, and happiness again. The proud mistress
of the seas had been humbled, and the star-spangled
banner of freedom floated in victory. Mr, Mad-
ison 'sadministration acquired strength, his friends
confidence, and the Army and Navy were given as-
surance of victory and fame. Our cities and towns
blazed with illuminations, bonfires were lighted on
every hill top 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WHEELER. I move to'amend theargfend-
ment ofthegentleman from New York, [Mr. Mat-
tesow,] by striking out the words " and Secretary
of the Navy." r
Mr. Chairman, gentlemen laugh at' the idea
of striking out the words " Secretary of the
Navy," and leaving that officer out of this Board
of Construction. 1 do not think that those gen-
tlemen, if they were desirous of building -Ave
sloops, which would require an appropriation of
§500,000, would place it in the hands of a man
who does not know a sloop from a yawl-boat.
The Secretary of the Navy is a very worthy find
talented man, ho doubt,,but 1 do not believe that
he is competent for his business, particularly that
of building these steamers. From the official re-
gister, published under his authority, it seems
that the United States Navy, exclusive of store-
ships, and one vessel on the stocks at Lake Ontario,
consists of sixty-two vessels of all sizes,--carrying
one thousand nine hundred and ninety-one guns.
Of this number the official record states that seven
hundred and two guns are at sea, while,tw.e(ve
hundred and eighty-nine guns are lying idle ajid
rusting, and the ships are rotting in the na^y-
yards. , ' .
The Secretary has been in office but- 4 year,-and
he now comes and asks for six" war steamers;, J
am willing to grant these six sfeamefsby my vjote,
but I am unwilling to place them entirely in his
hands. Wehave'nine ships-of-the-line, and not
one of them is at sea. Three of them are now
used as receiving ships, three are in ordinary,and
threeon the stocks. Eight hundred guns are thus
lying useless. Of the thirteen frigates belonging
to our Navy, seven of them are lying at our dock
yards, five are in ordinary, and two are on. the
stocks. Three hundred and fifty-six guns are here
lyinguseless. We have three sloops-of-war lying
idle, having sixty-two guns, and one frigate, of
four guns; three steamers, of sixty-seven guns, in
the same condition; showing the sum total of one
thousand two hundred and eighty-nine guns lying
useless; while the ships are rotting at the dock-
yards. And yet, under this state of things, this
bill proposes to give entire power to the Secretary
of the Navy for the construction of these steamers.
I am opposed to giving it to him, and I am in
favor of establishing a bureau, as my colleague
from New York [Mr. Matteson] has proposed.,
I move to strike out the words " Secretary of the
Navy," because I think that the remainder of the
board can do a good deal better without hfhi. 'If
my amendment does not prevail, I shall vote for
the bill presented by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs. I should have preferred
if he had made the number of steamers twelve in-
stead of six. I will vote for six, and I will vote
for that number when the Senate bill comes in;
but 1 am opposed to conferring so much discre-
tionary power over the matter upon the Secretary
of the Navy. I would be glad if the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs would offer an
amendment to meet the case, and I would will-
ingly vote for it.
Mr. DEAN. I am opposed to the amendment
of my colleague [Mr. Wheeler]; as being too
short, and the amendment of my other colleague
[Mr. Matteson] as being too long.
The question was then taken on Mr. Wheel-
er !s amendment to the amendment; and it "was
not agreed to. '
The question then recurring upon the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Matteson,] it was put, and disagreed to.
Mr. EASTMAN. I move that the committee
rise, and report the bill.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
So the committee refused to rise.
The second section of the bill was then read,
as follows:
"Jlmi be it further enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, to be expended under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, for the pmpose above specified, and for
altering, completing, and launching the frigates Santee, at
Kitiery, and Sabine, at New York, the sum of $3,000,000,
