124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 4,
West, as designated in the convention of the 15th June,
1846, be referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs."
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to amend
that resolution. This is the first time I ever knew
debate in this House to be stopped for want of
any one to take the.floor, and I am taken a little
by surprise. I, however, desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on Ways
and Means, [Mr. Houston,] to the subject, and
1 will state my amendment verbally. I move to
amend by referring so much of the President's
message as relates to the guano question to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to that
amendment. I think it is covered substantially
by the resolution as before the committee. I will,
however, accept the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. BAYLY. I think the resolutions specify
some other subjects. My impression is that the
subject, connected as it is with our foreign rela-
tions, goes to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
withoutbeing particularly specified. I, however,
wish that it may be specified, that there may be no
mistake about it.
Mr. EWING. My attention was diverted for
a moment. Do I understand this resolution as
proposing to stop debate in Committee of the
Whole?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
agreeing to the resolutions for the distribution,
among the standing committees of the House, of
the President's message.
Mr. EWING. It is my desire to make a short
speech, and I could do it as conveniently now as
at any other time if I had a few authorities here
to which I wish to refer. But not knowing that
the House would go into Committee of the Whole
on the state t>f the Union to-day, I have left those
authorities at home, and.without them 1 can not
speak.
Mr. CAMPBELL. If the gentleman will give
way for that purpose, I will move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. EWING. I will yield the floor for that
purpose.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. HAVEN. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Ohio that we might lay aside this order
of business, and take up one of the small appro-
priation bills that we could push along.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 was just going to ask that
that course should be pursued.
Mr. CAMPBELL. There is business in the
House proper that we can transact. We need not
adjourn at once.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We can take up the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order, as
the gentleman from Ohio declines to accede to the
suggestion of the gentleman from New York, and
withdrew the motion for the committee to rise.
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker pro tempore (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,)
having taken the chair, the chairman (Mr. Orr)
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration,
according to order, the state of the Union gener-
ally, and particularly the annual message of the
President of the United States, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the House
do now proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
The motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT GENERAL BY BREVET.
The SPEAKER pro tempore stated that the
first business in order on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution from the Senate, "authorizing
the President of the United States to confer the
title of lieutenant general, by brevet, for eminent
services."
The joint resolution was taken from the Speak-
er's table, and read a first and second time by its
title.
Mr. B1SSELLI I move that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that it be laid upon
the tablp.
Mr. B1SSELL. I hope the gentleman from
Georgia will give that joint resolution at least
some little chance. I think a very proper dispo-
sition of it would be to refer it to a committee.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion that the joint resolution do
lie upon the table.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I ask for the read-
ing of the resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution.
Mr. HILLYER. It is due to myself that I
should say 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order. The gentleman has made a motion to lay
the joint resolution upon the table.
Mr. HILLYER. I withdraw that motion for
the present.
Mr. HILLYER. It is due to myself, Mr.
Speaker, and it is due to General Scott, that I
should say to the House, that, in submitting the
motion to lay this joint resolution upon the table,
I am actuated by no disrespect to that distinguished
individual; nor do I desire it to be considered as
any evidence that I do not appreciate most highly
his invaluable military services to his country.
My opposition to this resolution is predicated upon
the ground that it is not a suitable testimonial to
the worth of an American citizen. I look upon
the title which is proposed to be conferred as a
mere title of nobility, as an honor which our Con-
stitution' condemns, and which, also, the taste,
feeling, and judgment of our people condemn.
These are the reasons which have actuated me in
making the motion to lay the resolution upon the
table. The subject is not a new one to members;
it has been before us before; and I apprehend that
the judgment of members is made up„ Therefore
I renew the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I wish the gentleman
from Georgia would withdraw his motion to lay
upon the table, so that the joint resolution maybe
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Yesterday I acceded promptly to the passage of
a resolution introduced by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Bissell] complimenting General Wool.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio is
aware that discussion is not now in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am aware of that fact. I
endeavored to get the ear of the Speaker before the
motion to lay upon the table was submitted, but
did not succeed in doing so.
Mr. HILLYER. At the suggestion of several
members, I will withdraw my motion to lay upon
the table.
Mr. TAYLOR. It is not my purpose to detain
the House by any extended remarks on this ques-
tion.
Mr. PRATT. I rise to a question of order.
Can the gentleman debate the proposition after
the call for the previous question has been made?
The SPEAKER. The call for the previous
question has not been made. The motion to lay
upon the table having been withdrawn, discussion
is now in order.
Mr. TAYLOR. It will be recollected by gen-
tlemen that this joint resolution passed the Senate
of the United States at the last session of Congress
with great unanimity.
The SPEAKER. With the permission of the
gentleman, the Chair will state that the question
now before the House is the motion to refer the
resolution to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TAYLOR. So I understand. I will detain
the House but a moment. If it be the disposition
of members to refer this resolution to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, I am perfectly willing
that such action shall be had. After examination,
I trust that the Committee on Military Affairs will
report it back, and that then we shall do this act
of tardy justiee to one of the most eminent mili-
tary men that the world has ever seen. Yesterday
a proper compliment was paid to General Wool,
with a unanimity of which I was proud. Why
should we withhold this tribute of respect and ap-
plause, dearer to a soldier than all the pay this Con-
gress could vote him? Why should we oppose it
when the whole country is disposed to award it,
to him ? I trust that the motion to refer will pre-
vail.
Mr. WHEELER. I am desirous of having
this question acted on at once; and rather than
the resorption should go to the Committee on
Military Affairs, I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If the House now adjourn,
will this resolution be the first business in -order
in the morning, when we get to the Speaker's
table?
The SPEAKER, (Mr. Jones, of Tennessee,
in the chair.) The present occupant of the chair .
is of opinion that it will be. He cannot say,
however, what the decision of the Speaker will
be when the question is raised in the morning.
The question was taken, and the House refused
to adjourn.
Mr. BRIDGES. I move to lay the resolution
upon the table.
Mr. WHEELER demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table, and they
were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the res-
olution on the table, and there were—yeas 56,
nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Allen, Ashe,
Barksdale, Barry, Belcher, Bridges, Caskie, Chastain,
Churchwell, Cobb, Cutting, J ohn G. Davis, Dowdell, Drum,
Eastman, English, Fuller, Giddings, Grow, Hamilton,
Sampson W. Harris, Henn, Hillyer, Houston, Johnson,
Daniel T. Jones, George W. Jones, Roland Jones, Kidwell,
Lamb, Letcher, Lilly, Macdonald, McNair, McQueen,
Maxwell, May, Millson, Morrison, Murray, Noble, Orr,
Pennington, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Pratt, Rob-
bins, Ruffin, Singleton, Skelton, Gerrit Smith, George W.
Smyth, Andrew Stuart, Vail, Walsh, and Daniel B.
Wright—56.
NAYS —Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Appleton, Thomas,
H. Bayly, Ball, Benson, Bissell, Breckinridge, Brooks,
Campbell, Carpenter, Chandler, Clark, Clingman, Cor-
win, Cox, Craige, Crocker, Cullom, Cumming, Dawson,
Disney, Dunbar, Eddy, Edmands, Edmundson, Ether
ldge, Everhart, Ewnig, Farley, Fenton, Florence, Green-
wood, Hastings, Haven, Hiester, Hill, Hughes, Hunt,
Ingersoll, Kerr, Knox, Latham, Lindley, McCulloch,
Middleswarth, John G. Miller, Smith Miller, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Parker, Peekhain, Phillips, Preston, Pur-
year, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie, Thomas Rttehey,
Rogers, Russell, Sabin, Sapp, Shannon, Shaw, Shower,
William R. Smith, Snodgrass, Frederick P. Stantor,Rich-
ard H. Stanton, Straub, David Stuart, John J. Taylor, John
L. Tayler, Tracy, Walbridge, Ellihu B.Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Tappan Wentworth, Wheeler, Yates, and Zol-
licoffer—82.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the table
was rejected.
Mr. BISSELL. The" question now is on the
reference of the resolution to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
The question on such reference was put, and
decided in the affirmative.
Mr. DRUM. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was not
agreed to.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to adjourn; but they were not or-
dered.
A Member. I call for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HAVEN. I hope the House will sit for
a few minutes longer, till the bills on the table be
appropriately referred. We can put them under
way, and then adjourn.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
The first business upon the Speaker's table was
Senate bill to continue in force "An act entitled
' an act to ascertain and settle private land claims
in California, and for other purposes-' " which
was taken up, and read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. LATHAM. I do not want to consume
the time of the House, but I wish to have this bill
put upon its passage.
Several Members. "No, no!"
Mr. LATHAM. Then I move that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
RIVERS AND HARBORS.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table, was Senate bill to amend an act making an
appropriation for the improvement of certain har-
bors and rivers, approved August 30, 1852; which
was taken up, read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. HIESTER. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put, and the motion was dis-
agreed to.
