1692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
For the continuation of the sy&tem of protecting human
lite from shipwrefk, a? heretofore established by life-boats
on the New Jersey coast, $20,000.
Mr. WEOTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. That amendment is clearly
not in order.
Mr. SKELTON. I will say that it is in ac-
cordance with the recommendation of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. This is to continue the
system for the protection of human life hereto-
fore established by law.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I make the point of
order that the appropriations in this bill are to be
expended under the direction of the Secretary of
War. The estimates the gentleman presents are
from the Secretary of the Treasury. I submit,
further, that the amendment is not germane to the
bill. The title itself shows that it is not. *
Mr. SKELTON. If a question of order is
raised, I desire to discuss it.
The CHA1RMAH. The Chair decides that
the amendment is not in order, for the reason that
it is not germane to the bill; and he further de-
cides that the question of order is not debatable.
Mr. SKELTON. Well, sir, I desire to say to
the House, that it is not in order to protect the
New Jersey coast by any bill.
[Cries of " Older!"]
Mr. JONES, of New York. I move to amend
by inserting after the words " extra expenses,"
in the forty-third line of the first section of the
bill, the words "and so forth," so that the para-
graph will read:
For the preserv&uon of public property, and contingen-
cies of western river improvements, and for commutation
of transportation of and of quarters and fuel of
officers m cas.cs no Ionics provided for by the (jn.irtei mas-
ter's department, and ioi allowance to meet extra expenses,
and so forth, under the special duccuon of the Secretary of
War, tflO.OOO.
Mr. Chairman, I offer my amendment in ail
good faith. Though I have read the section over
and over again, I have not been able to determine
in my own mind what it exactly means. There
is nothing in it of importance, if we except the
provision of §10,000 for the transportation of the
baggage of those selected by the Government for
the superintendence of these improvements. I
suppose that it is intended for the winter service;
and everybody knows that that service, instead of
being at these works,is in attending bails,parties,
and concerts, in the western cities and towns. I
understand that the item of baggage transporta-
tion is a very large one in the expenditures of the
War Department. This, then, is placed here so
that the engineers of the Army may get §10,000
more than they would otherwise.
I wps one of the foilorn hope of which the
gentleman from Virginia [.Mr. Millso*;] was the
leader. I was one of the thirty-nine Democrats
who voted with him on his proposition. The
question was raised yesterday, that this wf s a
general appropriation bill. The Chair decided
that it was. 1 had, at the time, strong doubts of
the fact, hut they were entirely removed when I
re d this section. It is undoubtedly a general
bill, for it applies to everything under heaven, so
far as I can see. [Laughter.] Any man who can
vote for thin section can \ote for anything.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois, i am op-
posed to the amendment, and ask for the vote.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was lost,
Mr. LILLY. I move to strike out the entire
section.
Mr. Chairman, this item appears to me to be a
mere gratuity to the officers who may be em-
ployed on the western improvements, and is in
addition to their regular pay. It provides for car-
rying their trunks, &c. I have never seen any
estimates for them, i think, from the phraseology
of the section, it is to be paid out, to the various
officers, at the discretion of, and in accordance
with the amount of good feeling which may exist
between the head of the War Department and the
persons employed; i therefore think it should be
stricken out.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. I am opposed
to the staking out.
The motion was rejected.
The following clause was then read:
" For current expenses of the steam dredge on Lake Cham-
piain, $7,500."
Mr. SKELTON. I propose to strike out that
clause. I do so, because I believe, according to
the decision of the Chairman and the committee,
that this appropriation is not in order, and there-
fore I think it should be stricken out of the bill.
When an appropriation is demanded for the pur-
pose of protecting lives 
Mr. COX. I ask the Chair if it is debatable
as a question of order? The gentleman from New
Jersey makes a poin^ of order, and then proceeds
to debate it.
Mr. SKELTON. I was about to give my rea-
sons why the clause I propose to strike out is not
in order. It seems to be m order for gentlemen
to make speeches, showing who are and who are
not Democrats——
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair decides that
the gentleman from New Jersey is in order.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 was about to show, when
I was interrupted, that it was not in order for the
committee to make such an appropriation as is
contained in this clause; for, m the opinion of the
committee, it is not m order to make any appro-
priation for the safety and protection of human
life. 1 contend that these dredge boats are in-
tended for the protection of those who navigate
Lake Champiain, just as'the surf boats upon the
Jersey coast are intended to protect the lives of
those who sail upon that coast, and therefore an
amendment making an appropriation for this pur-
pose is. not in order. As the committee have ruled
my amendment out of order, they will rule this
amendment out of order also, and make this bill
a bill for the improvement of rivers and harbors,
and not for the protection of human lives. I am
satisfied, as I have been ruled out upon a former
occasion, when I offered an amendment to the civil
and diplomatic bill, making an appropriation for
life boats upon the Jersey coast, that ail amend-
ments of this kind will not only be ruled out of
this bill, but out of every other appropriation bill.
I wish the decision of the Chair and the commit-
tee to be known, not only here, but through-
out the country, that this blouse is determined,
through thick and thin, to make no appropriation
for the protection of human life, but lather to
squander money upon office-holders and office-
seekers.
The CHAIRMAN. It was with some reluc-
tance that the Chair ruled the amendment of the
gentleman from New Jersey out of order. The
Chair, upon reflection, is inclined to the opinion
that the amendment might be regarded in order as
an independent section, but does not regard it as
germane to the amendment then pending.
Mr. IICJGHKS. I am in favor of this bill, and
I do not propose to consume unnecessarily the
time of the House in its discussion. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman frum New
Jersey, [Mr. Skelton,] particularly as its effect
falis rather hard on the section of the country
which I have the honor to represent. There are
$7,500 appropriated in this bill for the current ex-
penses of the dredge boat on Lake Champiain.
Some two years ago £20,000 was appropriated to
build that dredge boat. It la lying there to-day,
up in the harbor at Whitehall, useless, because
there is no money on hand to work the boat with.
This^7,500 is to put that boat m operation; and
it is now a question whether the boat shall be
allowed to rot at the dock, or whether, by the act
of the committee, this small pittance shall be ap-
plied to put it m motion. Knowing, as I do, the
s:ood sense of this committee, I shall not take up
its time in advocating tlnsappropriation which has
been recommended by the Secretary of War; but
I ask a vote upon .the question.
Mr. SKELTON. 1 withdraw my motion to
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I move, Mr.
Chairman, to add $,50,000 to the appropriation for
the harbor of Oswego.
Oswego does a much larger custom-house busi-
ness than any other town m the notion, where the
Government has not authorized the building of a
custom-house. And, yet, the harbor, in which
all this business is done, is a miserably contracted
and half finished one. The people of Oswego
have been compelled to tax themselves, for many
years, very heavily, in order to preserve their
harbor, and maintain, against the elements, the
cheap and frail piers built by Government. And
, were they, now, to call on Government for repay-
j ment, they would be as unjustly dealt with as
i was Wilmington day before'yesterday, when the
section, making like repayment, was struck out
of the Cape Fear river bill. For Government to
draw revenue from our harbors, and, yet, to re-
fuse to keep them in repair, and to compel the
people, who live where the harbors are, to keep
them in repair, is what I cannot see to be honest.
Thus to benefit the Treasury, or, in other words,
the whole nation, at the expense of particular
localities and small communities, is, in my eye,
nothing short of downright fraud.
But I have been asked, during the discussion of
this bill, with what consistency I can advocate the
improvement of rivers and harbors, at the hands
of the Federal Government, seeing that I have for
years advocated, both with my hps and pen, that
they be improved by States and smaller communi-
ties, and not by the Federal Government? It is
true that I would have such work done by other
ana more suitable agents than the Federal Gov-
ernment. It has never been economically and well
done by that Government: and it never will be
economically and well done by that Government.
It is a work that cannot be properly performed,
at arms-length. It is a work that can be properly
performed by those only, who, to use another
familiar phrase, are on the. spot. The Federal Gov-
ernment, because so great, is too unwieldy for
such a work: and, because it is so remote from the
work, an adequate sense of responsibility cannot
be brought home to it. I object to such work in
the hands of the Government, if only because
such work tends to centralization, and to undue
Federal power. I object to it, if only because it
affords immense room for corrupting both Gov-
ernment and people.
Gladly would 1 vote, this day, to have the Fed-
eral Government, provided it would surrender all
claims to revenue from our harbors, stand entirely
aside from the whole work of improving them.
But just so long as that Government will tax us
for using our own harbors, just so long I can do
no less than insist, that Government shall put,
and keep, them in proper condition. 1 am no more
inconsistent here than I am in the case of custom-
houses. So long as Government shall adhere to
the injustice of supporting itself by customs; and
so long as the people shall be foolish enough to let
Government do so, so long I shall be in favor of
having Government erect safe and suitable build-
ings for custom-houses, instead of having it lease
such as are unsafe and unsuitable. Hence, al-
though if 1 could have my will, and if my theories
of Government could prevail, there would not be
a custom-house on the earth; I, nevertheless,
feel myself to be guilty of no inconsistency in
calling upon Government to erect custom-houses.
So, too, in the case of rivers and harbors, whilst
Government claims, and with the acquiescence of
the people, the exclusive control, and the exclu-
sive revenues, of them; I feel, that Government
is, not only to be permitted, but to be required to
improve them.
I moved ah increase of §50,000. That sum,
together with the $21,000, which the bill provides
for, would be none too much to put the harbor of
Oswego in such a state, as its very great and very
rapidly growing business demands.
I desire the success of this bill. The security
of life and property requires it. Instead of the
total sum appropriated by this bill being too large,
I would have Government, another year, expend
a much larger sum on these and similar objects,
providing it shall not do the far juster and better
thing of surrendering the work into the hands of
the proper agents—the States and smaller com-
i munities.
i I did not offer my amendment, with the view
i of its adoption. Indeed, I am persuaded that the
success of the bill would be greatly endangered
! by amending it. It is ssfer and wiser to follow
the estimates, and to walk m the track of the
Department. I withdraw my amendment.
! Mr. FLAGLER. I offer the following amend-
j ment:
! After line sixty-five insert:
Foi improving the li.tibor at the mouth of the Twelve
j lVTiift creek, on Lake Ontano, according to Mincy of J. W.
J, Judson, civil engineer, in pursuance of law, .®5,000, to be
• expended under direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I raise a
question of order upon that amendment. There
is no law providing for the construction of that
work.
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair would inquire
