THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
out of any money in the Tieasnry Hot otherwise appropri-
ated."
Mr. McMULLIN. I offer the following amend-
ment:
Be it further cnactcd. That the proceeds of the public
land.-" shall be hereby sot apart for, and appropriated to, the
coj-i ot' bmldinq; said vessels, and equipping the same.
jindheit farther enacted, That the annual proceeds of
the public lands shall be appropriated to repairs of said,
vessels, and the support of the Navy of the United States.
Mr. DEAN. I rise to a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New-
York will state his point of order.
Mr. DEAN. The point of order is, that the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia is not germane to the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. We will have to pay, Mr.
Chairman, for the building of these vessels, and I
presume it is not inappropriate tor us to declare
now the expense of building them is to be defrayed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
the opinion that the point of order raised by the
gentleman from New York is well taken; and that
the amendment of the gentleman from Virginia is
not in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, Mr. Chairman, I
take an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia offers an amendment, which has just been
read, and a question of order is raised by the gen-
tleman from New York, that the amendment is
not germane. The Chair sustains that question
of order, and from that decision the gentleman
from Virginia appeals.
Mr. McMULLIN. I suppose debate is not in
order; is if?
The CHAIRMAN. No: debate is notin order.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. Before the
vote be taken, I desire to make an inquiry of the
Chair.
Several Members. Order; question.
The CHAIRMAN. The inquiry of the gen-
tleman may be pertinent to the question. He will
therefore state his inquiry.
Mr. STANTON. If the House determine to
build ships and pay for them, has not the House
the power to say where the money for defaying
the expense of them is to come from?
Several Members. That is an argument.
The CHAIRMAN. The inquiry of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky being in the nature of an
argument, is not in order. The question is, " Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"
The question was then taken; and the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I move that the
committee do now rise and report the bill to the
House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to. ;j
The committee accordingly rose, and Mr. Jones, i
of'Tennessee, having resumed the chair as Speaker ,j
pro tempore, the Chairman reported that the Com- 'I
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had 'j
had underconsideration the state oftheUnion gen- \\
erally, and particularly, by special order of the ■■
House, House bill No. 52, and had directed him |
to report the same to the House without amend- i
ment. j
Mr. BOCOCK. I move the previous question j
on that bill. The previous question was seconded, j
and the main question ordered to be put. 1
ADJOURNMENT OVER. !
Mr. EASTMAN. I move that when this j
House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on Monday 1
next. ■
Mr. ELLISON. I call for the yeas and nays j
upon that motion. j
The yeas and nays were not ordered. ;
The question was then put; and the motion was ,
agreed to. 1
Mr. EASTMAN. I move that the House do j
now adjourn. '
[Cries of "No S " u No ! " and " Let us pass -
the bill." 1
The question was then taken; and the motion !
was not agreed to. [
The question then recurring upon ordering the [
bill to be engrossed and read a third time, it was 1
put, and decided in the affirmative. j
The bill being engrossed, it was subsequently!
read a third time. 1
Mr. BOCOCK. I move the previous question j
upon the passage of the bill. j
The previous question was seconded, and the \
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I call for the yeas and
navs upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The main question being, " Shall the bill pass?"
it was put, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
113, nays 43; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Willi* Allen, Appleton, Ashe,
David J Bailey, Banks, Bany, Belcher, Bell, Benson, ,
Bliss, Boeock, JBugg, Carpentet, Caskie, Chamberlain, j
Chandler, Chastain, Clingman, Cook, Corwm, Camming, I
Dtjaii, Dent, Dick, Dowdell, Dunbar, Eddy, Ellison, Ethe- ;
ridge. Everhart, F.uley, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller, Goode,
Goodrich, Grey, Wiley P. Harm, Harrison, Hastings, Ha-
ven, Hibbaid, Houston, Howe, Hunt, f ngersoll, J. Glaney
Jones, Roland Jone*, Kerr, Kidwell, Kutredge, Latham,
Lilly, Lyon, McCulloch, Macdonald,Maxwell, May, Mill-
son, Morrison, Muiray, Packer, Peck, Peckham, Penning-
ton, Bishop Perkins, John Perkins, Phillips Powell, Pratt,
Pre-ton, Pnngle, Puryear, Riddle, David Ritchie, Robbing
Kuffin, Russell, Sabin, Seward, Seymour, Shaw, Single-
ton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith,
George W. Smjth, Frederick P. Stanton, Richard M. Stan-
ton. Hestor L. Stevens, Straub, David Stuait, John J. Tay-
lor,John L. Tayloi,Nathaniel G.Taylor,Thurston,Tracy,
Trout, Tweed, CJphani, Vail, Vanr-ant, Walker, Walsh,
Israel Washburn,Tappan Wt-ntworth, We^tbrook, Wheel-
er, Daniel B. Wright, Hendnck B. Wright, and Zollicofler
—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Abrrerombic, James C. Allen, Bennett,
Benton, Boyee, Campbell, Caruthers, ChiiMnan, Cobb,
Co\, Curtis, John G. Davis, Dawson, Eastman, Edgerton,
Fenton, Flagler, Grow, Aaron Harlan, Hendiicks, Henri,
Hill, Dame! T Jones, George W. Jones, Knox, I.ane,
Limlley, MeMulhn, Maev, John G. Miller, Smith Miller,
Nichols, Olds Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parkei, Ready, Thos.
Ruchey, Bapp, Wade, Ellihu B. Washbuine, and Wells
—43.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the yeas and nays—
Mr. ENGLISH asked leave to record his vote,
he not being in the Hall when his name was
called.
Leave was refused, and he therefore gave notice
that, had he been permitted to vote, he should have
voted m the negative.
Mr. MATTESON also gave notice that he
should have voted in the negative, but that he
had paired of with Mr. Ashe.
Mr. BOCOCK moved to reconsider the vote by ;
which the bill was passed, and to hiy the motion !
to reconsider upon the table; which latter motion ,
was agreed to. j
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I have made several !
ineffectual motions to go to the business upon the
Speaker's table, in order to refer several bills, ,
which should have been referred long since. For !
the purpose of accomplishing that object, I move '
that the House now proceed to the consideration j
of business upon the Speaker's table. :
Mr. DEAN. I move that the House do now j
adjourn. i
Mr. DAVIS. I rise to a question of order. It ;
is that   i
The SPEAKER. There can be no question of '
order in order at this time,asa motion to adjourn '
takes precedence of all other motions.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dean's
motion, and it was agreed to.
The House accordingly, at three o'clock and
thirty minutes, adjourned to meet on Monday
next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Jipril 3, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate calling for
information in relation to the claim of David Car-
ter, a Cherokee Indian; which was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented res-
o'utions of the Legislature of New Mexico, re-
specting additional mail facilities: which were
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, asking an additional ap-
propriation to finish ceitain public buildings in
that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, praying an appropriation
for the preservation of the archives of that Terri-
tory; which was referred to the Committee on
Territories.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of New
Mexico, praying the confirmation of the titles to
land under grantsfrom the Mexican Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, presented resolutions
passed at a meeting of the Board of Mayor and
Aldermen of the town of Fort Madison, Iowa,
praying the establishment of a post route between
Fort Madison and Keosauqua, in Van Buren
county, Iowa, and between Fort Madison and
Farmington, in Van Buren county, Iowa; which
were referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, two petitions of citizens of Iowa, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Apple
Grove to Wintersett, in Iowa; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SHIELDS presented the petition of Lewis
Humbert, praying an increase of pension; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER presented a remonstrance, signed
by legal voters of Fitchburg, "Worcester county,
Massachusetts, and a memorial of citizens of the
State of Indiana, against the passage by Congress
of any act which shall infringe or impair the pro-
vision whereby in all that part of the Territory
of Louisiana, north of 36° 30% slavery was for-
ever prohibited; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. EVERETT presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Boston, remonstrating against the passage
of any act for the organization ofNebraska, which
will permit slavery in the Territory, from which
it was excluded by the Missouri compromise;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, presented the peti-
tion of Frances Depriest, widow of John Depriest,
a soldier in the last war with Great Britain, pray-
ing bounty land; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. JOHNSON presented printed documents
in relation to the claim of the Eastern Cherokees,
for an additional per capita due them under the
treaties of 1835, 1836, and 1846; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CASS presented a petition of citizens of
Jefferson county, Pennsylvania, praying that meas-
ures may be taken to secure religious liberty to
American citizens residing or trayeling in foreign
countries; which was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a me-
morial of the Legislature of New Mexico, pray-
ing the reestablishment of the military post at
Fort Atkinson; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
,i Also, a memorial of the Legislature of New
I; Mexico, praying the establishment of Artesian
I wells on the Jornada del Muerto; which was re-
j lerred to the Committee on Territories.
I Also, a memorial of the Legislature of New
i Mexico, praying that measures may be taken to
■ ! protect the inhabitants of that Territory from In-
dian depredations; which was referred to the Com-
| mittee on Territories.
•\ Also, a memorial of the Legislature of New
: Mexico, praying a geological and mineralogies!
! survey of that Territory; which was referred to
'! the Committee on Territories.
j Also, a memorial of the Legislature of New
Mexico, praying the construction of a wagon-
road from Santa Fe to Don Fernandez, in that
i' Territory; which was referred to the Committee
> on Territories.
'i REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES,
i Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Mili-
i tary Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Lieutenant S. L. Fremont,praying to be restored
! to the position formerly held by him in the Q,uar-
j termaster's Department, submitted an adverse re-
(! port thereon; which was ordered to be printed,
i Mr. STUART. The Committee on Publie
■ Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
Cadwallader Wallace, praying compensation for
! certain Virginia military bounty land warrants,
the lands appropriated for satisfying such war-
