1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of the gentleman from New York as to the facts
in reference to that matter.
Mr. FLAGLER. There is a law authorizing
a survey.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must rule this
amendment out of order. The fact of a survey
having been made does not authorize the con-
struction of the work.
Mr. FLAGLER. I also offer the following
amendment:
Add at the end of line sixty-nine, the words:
And such portion of said sum as the Secretary of War
may judge expedient, shall be expended in deepenine the
channel at the rnouth of the Twelve Mile creek, on Lake
Ontauo.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I raise
the same point of order upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it out of
order upon the sameground.
Mr. WADE. I offer the following amend-
ment:
[n hne eighty-three strike out "ten," and insert the words
" twenty-five,"
—so as to make the clause read,
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of :
Cleveland, Ohio, on Lake Erie, §25,000. j
Mr. Chairman, I rise for the purpose of asking
the committee to increase the appropriation for
continuing the improvements at the harbor of
Cleveland, reported, by this bill. I am aware,
sir, that the Secretary of the Treasury has recom-
mended the smaller sum, for the reason, that the
appropriation made by the last Congress, for the
improvement of this important harbor, has not yet
been fully expended. I am aware also, Mr. Chair-
man, of the solicitude of the friends of this bill,
that this House should not go beyond the recom-
mendations of the Department, lest by asking too
much we hazard all. I respect this suggestion,
and feel great reluctance to depart from it, even
when I feel, the fullest assurance that the appro-
priation is wholly inadequate. Still, sir, 1 feel
very confidentthat neither the Committee on Com-
merce nor the Department, are aware of the import-
ance of the harbor of Cleveland, in a commercial
point of view; nor of the decaying, very ruinous
condition of the public works at this point.
Sir, I shall hardly gain credit for my statements
when I assure the committee that the coastwise
or domestic commerce of this port, from the open-
ing to the close of navigation, during the season
of 1853, a period of about seven months, amounted
to more than one hundred millions of dollars; i
and yet, sir, I am here prepared with a full and
detailed statement of one of the most upright and
accurate individuals in the public service, the
deputy collector of that port, (Mr. D. W. Cross,)
showing such to be the fact. The number of
vessels entering this port during that season, coast-
wise, was 2,563, the tonnage of which^amounted to
1,230,240 tons; the number of seamen 46,134.
The clearances of vessels coastwise for the same j
period were 2,557; tonnage 1,227,360; seamen |
46,026. The number of vessels engaged in the |
foreign trade during the same period was—Arrier- 1
ican vessels entered, 367, tonnage 49,236 tons, ;
seamen 2492; British vessels entered 92, tonnage
10,360, seamen 605—making a total of 459 Amer-
ican and foreign vessels entering this port; tonnage
59,576; and seamen 3,097.
The clearances of vessels in the foreign trade
were 360; tonnage, 43,812; seamen, 2,527. Total
vessels engaged in the coastwise and foreign trade,
entered and cleared, 5,919, being between twen-
ty-eight and twenty-nine daily, during the entire
season of navigation, the tonnage of which was
2,550,008. Seamen entering and clearing, coast-
wise and in the foreign trade, for the same period,
97,784. Value of the domestic and foreign im-
ports and exports, $86,969,572. To which , in !
order to show the business of Cleveland, should
be added upwards of $15,000,000 of imports by ;
railroad. I
The net revenue collected on property imported i
into this port from foreign countries, as I have it :
from the Register of the Treasury, for the four j
years ending June 30, 1853, was as follows: ;
185 0 $64,324
185 1  53,895 I
185 2  84,112 ,
185 3  65 014
$267,348
Such, Mr. Chairman, is the business of the port
of Cleveland. A few words as to the condition of
the harbor, to improve which this appropriation
is sought. This harbor is formed by two piers
extended from the east and west margins of the
Cuyobuque river, at its confluence with the lake,
for several hundred feet in the lake. Without the
piers, the mouth of the river would be perpetually
obstructed by an impassable bar; and there wouid
be no protection whatever for shipping against
the violence of the winds and waves from the open
lake, at this point some sixty miles in width,
with butthe shelter of island or promontory. The
western pier was built wholly of wood and sunken
cribs, filled with small stones. This pier receives
the whole force of the violent northwestern gales
which prevail in spring and autumn. This is
now nearly demolished, and unless speedily re-
paired, will in a short time be entirely swept
away. The eastern pier is of stone. By the action
of floods driving out the sand and wood on which
the pier is based, it is now breaking away, and
for several hundred feet, by unequal sinking, and
by undermining, the stone is badly cracked—in
many places broken; and in a very few years
will inevitably fall into the channel of the river,
and render entrance into the harbor utterly im-
possible. These facts, sir, I know from personal
examination.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say a word as to
the propriety ofincreasing this appropriation. The
last Congress appropriated for the continuance of
the improvements on this harbor, $25,000. Owing
to some doubt as to the title of the United States
to land on which the eastern pier abutted, orders
were issued from the War Department to discon-
tinue the work of repair; and no part of the ap-
propriation was expended during the last season,
excepting so much as has been applied to the uses
of the superintending officer in charge, for such
personal attention as he has given to this subject,
and for preparing a plan for the work. The ex-
pense of them I do not know, but have reason
to believe that they have made a very sensible
impression on the amount appropriated.
But, sir, the expense of repairs must have very
greatly increased by the dilapidations of the works
since the original appropriation was made; and
there is not a doubt that the original appropri-
ation, together with the sum proposed by the
amendment, will all be needed to make this harbor
what the necessities of its commerce demand.
Besides, sir, those works, on which the appropri-
ations of the Thirty-Second Congress have been
expended, are by this bill to receive a full, not a
meager "third allowance;" and, sir, I do not
clearly perceive why this harbor should not have
its full measure of the justice of the Government,
although the expenditure of the money should be
delayed for a year.
I know it is said that when the money here-
tofore appropriated, together with the $10,000
provided m this bill, shall have been expended, it
will be time enough to ask for more at the hand
of Congress. This may be, sir: but " one bird
in the hand is worth two in the bush," says the
proverb; and on the wisdom of this homely maxim
1 prefer to press this matter, than to repose on the
contingencies of a future appropriation, depend-
ing, as it would, on a body, to speak tenderly of
it, which,it must be conceded, isratheruncertam.
But, Mr. Chairman, it is said that the Govern-
ment works on this Cleveland harbor have cost
many hundred per cent, over the original esti-
mate. Why, yes, sir, they have; and certain
gentlemen of congenital economy are opposed to
these appropriations, and this appropriation in
particular, not because the sums expended have
not been needed—not because the sum now asked
for is not demanded by the pressing exigenciesof
the case, but because the projector of this work in
1835 estimated the whole cost of the improvement
at only $10,00U. Why, sir, to refuse your son, on
his arriving at the age of majority, his "freedom
suit," costing, perhaps, fifty dollars, because his
pantalets, when a child, were constructed on an
estimate of ten shillings, would be no more ab-
suid. True, sir, from 1835 to 1842 there were
expended on this harbor of Cleveland $123,000;
and since that time there will have been expended,
when the appropriation of the last Congress is
exhausted, $75,000 more, making in all§19S,000.
But, sir, as 1 have already shown to the commit-
tee, there were collected from duties on imports |
into this harbor, for the three years last past,
$206,653 59, being more than all the appropria-
tions made for the construction of this important
work. Nay, sir, only disgorge from your Treas-
ury the revenue collected from this port alone for
a single year, and it will make triple what I ask
at the hands of this committee,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I am opposed
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, as
I am to nearly every appropriation in this bill, f
shall vote against this bill when it comes upon
its final passage, because 1 think that nine tenths
of the money appropriated by it might just as well
be thrown into the bottom of the ocean, if it is to
be expended in the manner in which such appro-
priations have been expended heretofore. I have
before me a report made by the Committee on
Commerce in 1852. I have also two other reports;
one made in 1836, and the other in 1842, showing
an extravagant waste of the public money, under
the system of management heretofore pursued by
this Government.
I have not time to say what I would like to say
on that subject. But in this report there are enu-
merated some twenty-three harbors, for which
the original estimate of cost made by the engi-
neers of the Government was only some $735,000.
From the making out of the estimate to the
writing of the report in 1842, there had been
expended on these twenty-three harbors the
enormous sum of $2,382,000—more than three
times 5is much as the original estimate; and yet
the officer of the Government who reported the
estimates for that year to Congress, also reported
that it would require to complete these works one
million nine hundred and odd thousand dollars;
which would make in all an expenditure of more
than $4,315,000 on twenty-three harbor improve-
ments, for which the original estimate was only
§735,000. 1 find in this present bill eleven of
these harbor improvements, for which the sum of
$220,500 is asked, in addition to what has al-
ready been appropriated. The original estimate
for these eleven harbor improvements was only
$379,000. The amount expended on them is
$1,202,000, and the works are not yet completed.
in the name of common sense, when are we to
stop at this rate? It all results from having im-
provident and extravagant men in the manage-
ment. In this report the committee speak of
errors of calculation, gross negligence, and mis-
management of those having these works of im-
provement in charge. The evil results from the
fact that the Government employs military men
to manage these river and harbor improvements,
when it ought to employ practical civil engineers
to do the work.
I am opposed to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Ohio. I will state that the original
estimate of the cost for each of the harbors was
$25,000; the sum asked for in the bill was $10,000.
We have already spent $123,000, and now it is
proposed to add $25,000 more. I hope it will not
be granted.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was lost.
Mr. L1NDSLEY. I move the following amend-
ment:
For continuing the improvement of the harbor of Ver-
million, Ohio, on Lake Erie, $10,000.
Mr. LINDSLEY. My object in rising at this
time is to make a few remarks relative to the im-
provements of the harbors of Vermillion, Huion,
and Sandusky. I had hoped this House would not
enter into any arrangement for the adjournment
of Congress until there was a prospect of dis-
posing of the bills now before the House, attd
others at this time in the hands of the various
committees ready to be reported, and which
should be acted upon before the close of this ses-
sion. I have voted against all adjournments and
recesses. But as the time for adjourning is now-
fixed by the two Houses, we should dispatch
business as rapidly as we can with safety and
propriety.
The harbors I have referred to are situated
within the district I have the honor to represent
upon this floor; and I shall confine my remarks
principally to improvements necessary to be made
at those points. I deem it unnecessary to enter
into an elaborate discussion of this subject, satis-
fied as I am that a brief statementof facts lelative
to those places will be sufficient to arrest the atten^
