838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the joint resolutions.
Mr. STUART. I barely want to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Illinois, without in-
terfering with the provisions of the joint resolu-
tion at all. This should not apply to a case
where, upon the reorganization of the districts m a
State, the districts are decreased, as the resolution
will by Us terms. It is known that the policy has
been to keep the number of representatives about
as they are; and the consequence is, that the old
States lose in proportion as the new ones increase.
The provisions of this resolution would increase
the cadets in those instances, although the number
of districts might be decreased. 1 think there
might be some amendment to the resolutio not
avoid this.
Mr. SHIELDS, I think the honorable Sena-
tor labors under a misapprehension. I have ex-
amined that point particularly; but no legislation
is necessary. The original law diminishes the
number if the number of districts is decreased.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. But the Senator will
see that the effect of the resolution is this: If, in
the reorganization of the districts in a State a dis-
trict is formed within which there is no cadet at
the time, this resolution is intended to have one
appomied. To illustrate my meaning: Suppose
in a State which had five districts that, upon a
new arrangement of distiicts, the number is re-
duced to four, and it still shall happen that there
is one of the four in which there is no resident
cadet, the State would ger an additional cadet. al-
though it lost a district; that certainly cannot be
the intention of this lesolution. It is to provide
for the case where there is an additional district
formed and there is no cadet in it; at least that
ought to be its provision.
Mr. SHIELDS. The object of this resolution
is to have a cadet from every district. In the case
"which the Senator presents to the Senate, if a dis-
trict was made vacant by a nesv arrangement, al-
though there would be a diminution of the number
of cadets, the resolution would give a cadet for
that district, hut at the next appointment the
number of cadets would be diminished. This is
only a temporary arrangement, and at the next
rearrangement the proportion will be reestablished.
Air. STUART. So 1 understand; but I sub-
mit, as a matter of prudence, that the number of
cadets m a State should not be increased where
the number of congressional districts is dimin-
ished. I do say to the Senator, that if my own
judgment were to prevail I should not like the
resolution at all; but I do not intend to object to
its application where the number of the districts
m a S'atp shall be increased, and one shall be
found without a cadet. Yet, sir, the resolution
certainly should be amended, so astopiovide that
it shall not apply to any State where the number
of districts on a rearrangement shall be diminished.
It might happen very well that all the cadets in a
State would be thrown into one districtunder are-
arrangement, and still the number of distncts in
the State would be reduced; and yet, under this
resolution, there might be several additional cadets
from that very State.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the honorable Senator will
permit me, I will state that that does not alter the
case in one iota. The general law provides that
every district in the United States shall be entitled
to one cadet. By a new arrangement, whether it
diminishes the number of districts in a State or in-
creases the number, does not alter the principle.
By the new arrangement, it happens that at this
time there are some districts left without any
cadets. I have inquired into the matter since the
case was before the Senate last, and I find, by a
memorandum which I have before me, that '* the
difficulty arises m consequence of the apportion-
ment of the different States in conformity to the
census of 3850, leaving more districts vacant than
there are vacancies in the academy at the present
time; but m making the appointments for the fol-
lowing term, it must of necessity conform to the
act." That is, at the next appointment there will be
only one for each district; consequently, this is only
to give a remedy to a temporary derangement,
as it may be called, which has been occasioned
by the rearrangement of the districts. My own
opinion is, that the War Department ought to
have acted upon the principle of the honorable Sen-
tor, when the nu m ber was diminished and increased
alike—that is, to apportion the cadets among the
new districts without reference to their residence;
but they have not done so. They say the law is
obligatory, and that they were compelled to con-
fine the cadets to the districts in which they reside.
That leads to the difficulty; but the thing is done,
and we cannot undo it. The other districts have
no cadets. The object of the resolution is to let
those districts that have no cadets appoint. At
the next term all will be rectified, and each district
will have its cadet; so that there will not be two
in one district.
Mr. ADAMS. I do not know that I under-
stand this matter exactly. If I do understand the
existing law, each State is entitled to a number of
cadets equal to the number of congressional dis-
tricts in the State, one to be taken from each dis-
trict. Under a new apportionment, or under any
act of the Legislature redistricting any State, it
may so turn out that two or three cadets to which
the State is entitled may fall into one district, and
the others be vacant. This is intended to remedy
the evil. But you suffer the State to have three
cadets from one district, perhaps cadets who are
to remain there for four years, giving that State
an additional number, which the Legislature may
create by a rearrangement of the distncts. I see
no necessity, from the mere fact of distributing the
cadets among the States, to increase the represent-
ation beyond the number to which it is entitled.
Mr. SHIELDS. The Senator is correct. The
general law says that each district shall have a
cadet, and the cadet shall reside in the district.
Now, by the new arrangement, two or three ca-
dets are thrown into one district, and a few of the
new-formed districts have no cadets. The object
of the resolution is to remedy that.
Mr. STUART. For the purpose of carrying
out my wishes, I shall offer an amendment to this
effect:
Provided, That th® provisions of this resolution shall not
apply to any State in which the number of congressional
difctuets shall be reduced.
A Semator. That will defeat the object of the
resolution.
Mr. STUART. If that will be its effect, 1 sub-
mit to the Senate that the resolution ought to be
defeated. The general law stands on the principle
that each congressional district shall be entitled
to have one cadet at the Military Academv.
If the effect of this resolution is, upon a rear-
rangement of the districts, to increase the number
of cadets in a State, not in proportion to the pop-
ulation, not in proportion to the number of dis-
tricts, but in proportion to the accident by which
the lines of any new distiicts may be determined,
the whole resolution ought to bedefeated. There
is no doubt about that, because it is at war with
the principle upon which the Academy at West
Point is established. For instance, as 1 intimated
awhile ago, suppose that in the arrangement of;
the distncts upon a new enumeration of inhabit-
ants, the State of New York shall lose three
congressional districts, yet it might happen under
this resolution that she would gain ten cadets, i
Each cadet is to be located, when appointed,in '
the congressional district from which he is ap- j
pointed, but anywhere in that district; and a rear- \
rangement, I say, might throw them into other !
districts, and might, in the case I have put, leave !
New York with ten new districts without a cadet !
in any of them, while, at the same time, she would ;
lose three districts. Thus, while her representa- !
tion would be decreased, you would add ten to j
the number of her cadets at West Point. If that I
is the effect of the resolution, and is to remain the '•
effect of it, I submit again to the Senate it ought '
to be defeated.
I know that the amendment which I propose
will not remedy the evil entirely, but it will do this: ,
it will only give additional cadets at West Point j
to a State where there are additional districts ,
made in the State. It will then be substantially ■'
within the principle upon which the cadets are ;
sent to West Point. But if the resolution is al- ,
lowed to stand as it does now, and the number of!
cadets is to be increased to a State which is di- j
mmished in its congressional districts, then there i
can be no apology for it whatever. '
Mr. ADAMS, I would move to amend the j
amendment, by adding a proviso to the following 1
effect: i
Provided further. That no State shall at any time have
more cadets at West Point than the number of representa-
tives she i& entitled to in the House of Representatives.
Mr. SHIELDS. It is not worth while to at-
tempt to pass the joint resolution, either with the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, or the amendment of the honorable Senator
from Mississippi. The honorable Senator from
Michigan seems to think it would be well to ex-
cept from the operation of the resolution those
States m which the number of districts may be
diminished. The principle of the amendment of
the honorable Senator from Mississippi is pre-
cisely the same. Now, sir, the object of this res-
olution is to give each district a cadet, without
regard to whether the number be increased or
diminished. I agree with the Senator from Mich-
igan, that some States, for the time being-, will,
under its operation, have a greater number of
cadets than they have congressional districts; but
that will only be until this term expires. Then
* each new appointment will be from a new district.
1 This is only to remedy a temporary confusion, a
temporary derangement, owing to the changes of
the districts.
If you lay down the principle, that no State is
to have a greater number of cadets than it has
congressional districts, then this resolution is al-
together wrong, and so is the general law. It does
not matter whether the number of districts in a
State be increased or diminished, the principle is
the same. The principle of the general law is, that
cadets shall not be regulated by States, but by dis-
tricts. I do not sny whether that is right or wrong-
Each district, says the general law, shall have a
cadet, and the cadet shall live in the district. In
carrying out that law, it happens that there are
some districts—not many—which have no cadets.
I understand, on inquiry, that the eflect of the reso-
lution will be to increase the number of cadets
by seven only for the time being, and until the
next appointment. Then they will again be pro-
portioned to the number of distncts. But, sir, as
I repeat, if the object is that a State shall have only
as many cadets ass it has districts, this resolution
ought to be defeated. If, on the contrary, every
district should have a cadet, it is necessary that
those districts which now have no cadets should
have them.
The PRESIDENT. Will the Senators from
Michigan and Mississippi reduce their amend-
ments to writing?
Mr. STUART reduced his amendment to writ-
ing, as follows:
Provided That this resolution sliall not apply to anv
State in which the number of congressional districts shall
be diminished.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw my amendment to
that amendment. 1 am willing to agree to that.
Mr. TOUCEY. Mr. President, it seems to me
that we are too exact in this matter. If I under-
stand the existing law, it is meant to be that every
district shall have a cadet at West Point; but by
an irregularity, which has been created by chang-
ing the districts, it cannot now be earned out.
The object of the joint resolution is that those
districts which now have no cadets shall have
them. The consequence of that will be a super-
numerary number, a very few, temporarily; and
that results, because those who are now at this
institution will continue through their terms—
perhaps a year, perhaps two years, and some per-
haps for a longer time. But the moment they
graduate, every district in the country will be en-
titled to one cadet. I do not see how it can be
accomplished in any other way than that proposed
in the resolution.
The amendment proposed by the Senator from
Michigan is, I think, wrong. I know of no rea-
' son why a district in one State should be debarred
J from a cadet because some other district in the
j State may have two cadets. The principle is tr>
! give to every district a cadet, and the object of the
present resolution is to carry out that principle.
As soon as a certain number of those who are
I now at the Military Academy, shall graduate, the
! irregularity will cease. If that is" the case, 1
think the report of the Committee on Military
Affairs should be sustained.
Mr. SHIELDS. Thatis precisely the case.
Mr. STUART. 1 have but a few words to say
in reply to the Senator from Connecticut. It is
now 1854 and a cadet who goes into this institu-
tion goes there for four years, and the term of one
who goes now will expire in 1858. In two years,
then, after his term shall expire, there will be an-
other enumeration of the inhabitants ofthe United
