i m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
cannot submit that motion.
Mr. HILLYER. Why not, sir?
The SPEAKER^™ tempore. Because the gen-
tleman was not recognized by the Chair. The
floor was assigned to the gentleman from New
Jersey.
Mr. SKELTON. I will not detain the House
long. I desire only to say a word ortwo. It may
have been supposed by the House, from the re-
marks of several gentlemen who rose when I
asked the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.
Clikgman] a question; that I made a charge
against the House. That was not the case. I
merely propounded <a question to the gentleman
who was upon the floor.
But this much I have to say, sir, without bring-
ing any charge against any member of this House,
that if gentlemen on this floor are so sensitive
upon these points, and about these rumors which
I have heard outside of the. Hall, they can ask
for the appointment of a committee, and the affair
can be fully examined into.
I make no charge against any one. I am not
prepared, nor do I intend to make any 
Mr. CAMPBELL, (interrupting.) Will the
gentleman yield me the floor for one moment?
Mr. SKELTON. I have said all I desire to
say upon the subject. I yield the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I suppose the gentleman
from New Jersey alludes to me, as one of those
who exhibit some degree of sensitiveness about
this matter , as I spoke of the fact that I had heard
of these things before. 1 have to say to him, that
I, for my own part, have no sort of feeling on
this subject, other than a desire to protect the
characters of the members of this House from a
little, low, petty system of wholesale slander.
That is all.
Now, if the gentleman from New Jersey has
heard these rumors, and is satisfied, from his in-
formation, that this outrage has been committed,
lie, sir, is derelict in duty as a member of this
House, if he does not bring the fact before it, and
ask for a committee.
Mr. SKELTON. I state again that I have
brought no charge against the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman talks of
" rumor." Now, sir, of all the liars that I have
ever heard or read of, " Common Rumor" is the
greatest; and, for one, I hope that I may never
come into this House and make an insinuation
that affects the integrity of its members, and then
give as my author, " Rumor."
If the gentleman from New Jersey has such
information on this subject as will justify him in
bringing a charge of this kind against any mem-
ber of the House, I assert that he is derelict in
his duty in not making that charge, and demand-
ing a committee of inquiry. "Sensitive gentle-
men " are not coming here to ask this House to
appoint a committee to investigate any subject
which can He traced to no source further back
than to Madam Rumor, known to be the greatest
liar ever heard or rend of. I shall not askforany
such committee; and I hope that, hereafter, we
shall hear no more of these charges, unless gentle-
men are prepared to give the House such informa-
tion as will induce it to appoint a committee, and
have an investigation. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. GIDDING-S. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the demand for the previous question for a
few moments, to allow me to say a word or two.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"]
Mr. CAMPRFXL. I will do it, if my colleague
will renew the demand when he has said what he
desires to say.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will do so.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then I withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Mr. Speaker, this same
discussion has taken place, I believe, in every
Congress for the last twenty years. The books
that are the present subject of debate contain the \
political history of our Government, which can I
be found in no other books. That matter has !
never been snd never will be published by private 1
enterprise; and unless it be distributed in the ;
manner proposed, the people of the United States j
will never get it. It is on this principle that Con- j
gress has adopted the system of distributing these j
documents through its members. They are sent
to each district, and the inhabitants haye uni- |
formlyfree access to them as common records.
For one, I have ever held that I had not a particle'
of interest in these books. I have bestowed them
upon the county of which I am a resident, and its
commissioner has regarded them as the nucleus
of a political library. Every man there has free
access to them.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the great leading
policy which ought to characterize statesmen is
the diffusion of information throughout the land;
to inform, enlighten, and elevate the people, to give
them a perfect knowledge of all that has trans-
pired in the carrying on of our Government, and
particularly the transactions of both Houses of
Congress. I do not know but that the power to
distribute these documents has been abused; if it
has, the people of the district affected by such
abuse can correct it. I am willing to trust the
people of each district to see that their Represent-
ative does not dispose of his books in any im-
proper manner. As to how they are distributed
is no matter to us here. Let us send this inform-
ation out, and let the people have it. Of the fifty
millions of dollars that are expended annually,
look at the small and pitiful sum expended for the
increase of the intelligence of the community. I
have ever advocated the system proposed in the
resolution, and I advocate it now most heartily.
I shall vote as willingly for it now as I have done
for the last fifteen or sixteen years.
Mr. MIDDLESWARTH. I am a new mem-
ber here, and should be very much obliged if any
of the gentlemen who have been here before would
enumerate what kind of books will be covered by
the resolution. I desire to vote understandingly.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Among the books which will
be covered by the resolution, will be the American
Archives; The American State Papers, consisting
of twenty-two large volumes; The Congressional
Globe and Appendix, from its commencement,
will be the next in importance; then will follow
the Madison Papers, and the Debates in the
Convention which framed the Constitution of
of the United States, as well as the Debates in
the Conventions of the several States on the Adop-
tion of the Constitution; Gales'& Seaton's Register
of Debates, Elliot's Debates, and the Annals of
Congress, which consist of some eight or ten vol-
umes. I cannot enumerate them all; but those I
have named are some of them.
Mr. PRESTON. I presume that the House
has sufficient information in reference to the.ques-
tion, which is merely one of reference, and I there-
fore call for the previous question.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers on the
question.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Campbell
and Bridges were appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers
reported—ayes 46, noes 63; no quorum voting.
Mr. ORR. I move that the House do now ad-
journ.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly, at half-past three
o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 5, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BADGER. I desire, before petitions are
called for, to move that when the Senate adjourns
to-day, it be to meet on Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
EMPLOYEES IN THE SECRETARY'S OFFICE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a re-
port from the Secretary of the Senate, containing
a list of the persons employed in his office; which
was ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. BADGER presented the petition of R.
Piermont, M. AVoodalJ, and others, praying com-
pensation for saving the United States ships Raritan
and Yandaha from destruction by fire, on the 11th
October, 1847; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. presented the petition of Isaac "i
Cook, Benjamin A. Napier, and Pelatiah Shep- ;■
herd, praying compensation for the schooner Tem^ j
pest, which was pressed into the service of fhfe' ' s
Government in 1814, by order of the General Gov- C
ernment; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims. -
Mr. DAWSON presented the petition of Colonel '•
Talcott, of the United States Army, and Dr. 'C
John M. Gait, asking increase of compensation J =
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a petition from the inspectors of customs
at the port of Baltimore, asking an increase of
compensation; which was referred to the Commit-
tee pn Finance.
Mr. BUTLER presented the petition of the
American Medical Association, praying that a
regular physician may be employed upon all. ves-
sels having a certain number of seamen; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JAMES presented the petition of L. P.
Holliday & Co., praying Congress for the lease
of public grounds for the erection of a first-class
public house in Washington city; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia.
Mr. GWIN presented the memorial of James
McCormick, praying the payment of an amount
due him under a contract with Commodore Jones,
while commanding the United States squadron in
the Pacific; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of the
heirs-at-law of Captain Thomas Buckner, and
others, praying payment of depreciation on com-
mutation certificates received under the resolution
of October 21, 1783; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Mrs.
Mary Ray, asking for a grant of bounty land for
the services of her husband in the war of 1812;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Margaret Cr Han-
son, asking that a pension be allowed to her for
the services of her husband in the Florida war,
and that the pension may be dated from the day
of his death; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN ANT) REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the petition of JehialBrooks be withdrawn
from the files of tlie Senate, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Mrs. Pamela Brown, here-
tofore presented, be taken from the table and referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the papers relative to the claim of the
legal representatives of Richard M. Johnson be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Claims.
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Thomas Butler be with-
drawn fi om the files of the Senate, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. CASS, it was
Ordered, That the petition and accompanying papers
in the ca&e of Pamela Hook be withdrawn from the files of
the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. JOHNSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers in the case of
Mark Bean and Richatd II. Bean be withdrawn from the
files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
On motion by Mr. DAWSON, it was
Ordered, Thai the memorial of members of the bar of the
District of Columbia, praying for an increase of the com-
pensation of the judge of the orphans' court in the District,
be withdrawn from the files, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the petition of A. D. Stuart be withdrawn
from the files of the Senate, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, under
instructions from the Committee on Pensions, it
was
Ordered < That the President pro femporaappoint an ad-
ditional member of tlie Committee on Pensions.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. JOHNSON gave notice of his intention to
aslc leave to introduce a bill granting "to the^new
