1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
837
States, which will produce a recurrence of precisely
the same difficulty. We cannot help it, because
the cadets are increased in the new States and re-
duced in the old as the congressional districts are,
and they are appointed on the principle of coming
from districts.
Now, the question is whether you will let the
seven districts referred to remain as they are until
the term of the cadets at West Point in the par-
ticular States expires, and then let the cadet go
where he ought to go, to the new district; or
whether you will now increase the number of
cadets by seven, and, at another enumeration,
increase them still further, and that, too, without
any reference to thenumber of districts in a State?
Upon every rearrangement of congressional dis-
tricts in a State, the chances are that one or more
districts will be left without any cadets. I under-
take to say that this will happen under every
enumeration which will take place hereafter; and
on every rearrangement of the districts in every
ten years the same necessity will recur again.
Now, sir, while it is true that one cadet is ap-
pointed for each district, it is equally true, I
think, that the intention is that a State shall have
no more cadets than it has congressional districts;
that is, no more new appointments. I undertook
to remedy somewhat the confusion which exists
by introducing my amendment. I confess that
my own j udgment is against the entire proposition.
Mr. RUSK. One part of the resolution pro-
vides that the present number of cadets shall be
continued to those States which have lost by the
iast enumeration. So far as that is concerned, I
have no objection to it. But, as the resolution
stands, it introduces a confusion, which suggested
itself to my mind on hearing it read, and which
has not been remedied by any of the explanations
which have been made, or any of the amendments
which have been suggested. The difficulty is this:
Upon a rearrangement of congressional districts,
if two cadets fall into one district, and there is
none for a new district which may be arranged by
the Legislature, that new district, under the reso-
lution, will get a cadet. That is to continue as
the law, through all time, until repealed. The
present law goes upon the principle that each
State is entitled to as many cadets at West Point
as representatives in Congress. Now, take the
whole thirty-one States; £ venture to say there is
not a single year in which there is not in some
States a rearrangement of congressional districts.
This provision would continue to apply; and thus,
whenever there was a rearrangement of districts
in a State, and two cadets fell into one district,
that State would have one more cadet than she
was properly entitled to.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator from
Texas has pointed out the only difficulty in this
resolution; that is that it may become permanent. I
intended myself to move an amendment to prevent
the recurrence of such a state of things hereafter;
but I am informed that there will be no danger on |
that point, for I understand that the Department
will provide against the recurrence of any such
derangementhereafier. 1 think, however, it might
be very well, perhaps, as there is some dispute
about the matter, to amend the resolution now, so 5
as to prevent any such derangement in future. I
That could be done by inserting a provision, that j
hereafter in no new arrangement of any State, shall ]
there be more cadets allowed to any State than [
there are districts within it. I will acoeptsuch an j
amendment on the suggestion of the honorable j
Senator fromTexas, although, as I have remarked, j
the Department itself intends to endeavortoprovide '
against the difficulty in future. j
Mr. ADAMS. I should be glad to know of
the Senator from Illinois, what necessity there is
for making an exception now to the rule which
he is willing shall prevail hereafter ? If there be
a vacancy in any of the districts, it is the act of
the Legislatures of the different States, and not
the fault of Congress.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state that I think the
Department might assign a cadet who is at this
time in the Military Academy, to a new district,
although he may reside in another district. This
would prevent the difficulty. This amendment
will enable the Department to do that hereafter.
The question being taken on the amendment of
Mr. Stuart, there were ayes 16, noes ]4—no
difficulty about perfecting this resolution. Gentle-
men are disposed to amend it. They seem to differ
as to the effect and operation of it. 1 confess, for
one, that I am not prepared to decide, and do not
understand which is the preferable plan of those
suggested—the original resolution, or as it will be
modified by the adoption of the proposed amend-
ment. I do not see any necessity for its immedi-
ate passage. I think it had better be deferred, and
let us have an understanding as to what provision
we are going to make.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will give me the
floor, I will move to postpone the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution, for the purpose of
going into Executive session.
Mr. BADGER. I am going to submit that
motion myself. I move that the further consid-
eration of the joint resolution be postponed until
this day fortnight.
Mr. RUSK. I think the better plan would
be to recommit it to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it were recommitted to me
now, I would either say that it ought to be de-
feated, or to pass, as it is.
Mr. RUSK. I understood that the Senator
wished to amend it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will agree to the amend-
ment suggested by the Senator from Texas, but I
prefer to agree to the motion made by the honor-
able Senator from North Carolina, not that we
can get any new light upon the subject by any
means, but 1 am willing to let the resolution he
for the time mentioned.
The motion to postpone the further considera-
tion of the resolution until the 17th instant was
agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
quorum voting.
Mr. BADGER.
There seems to be some real
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 3, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the call of committees for reports, commencing
with the Committee on Public Lands.
CLERIC TO SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. MACE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the select Mail Steamer Committee be
permitted to employ a clerk at the rate of four dollars per
day during the lime he may be engaged as such clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. MACE. I then move to suspend the rules,
in order to enable me to introduce it.
The question was then put; and decided in the
negative, two thirds not voting in favor thereof.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
COMPENSATION OF POSTMASTERS.
Mr. OLDS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to allow me to report a bill from the
Committee on the PostOffice and Post Roads rela-
tive to the compensation of postmasters.
Mr. GREY. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to present a resolution before he does that.
Mr. OLDS. I am anxious to make this report
at as early a period as possible; and I hope there
will be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 should like to
know what the proposition is first.
The bill was then read by its title for informa-
tion, as follows:
" An act regulating the pay of deputy postmas-
ters-" .
Mr. JONES. I would inquire of the gentleman
what he proposes to do with it?
Mr. OLDS. I propose, if consent, is given to
introduce it, to make a statement relative to the
effect of the bill, and then ask the House to put it
upon its passage. If that shall be objected to, I
shall move to refer it to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JONES. I think it had better not be intro-^
ducedthen. _
Mr. OLDS. I move a suspension of the rules,
in order to enable me to introduce it.
The question was put; and tlu? Speaker an-
nounced 75 in the affirmative.
Mr. DEAN called for tellers.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I would inquire if seventy-
five is not less than two thirds of a quorum, and
therefore that the motion is lost? If so, I hoj>e
the gentleman from New York will withdraw his
call for tellers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think we had
better.have tellers before we proceed any further;
and therefore I hope the gentleman will not with-
draw the call.
Tellers were then ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. It is evi-
dent there is no quorum present. I think we had
better hare a call of the House.
Mr. OLDS. Let the vote be taken by tellers
first.
The question was put; and the tellers reported
—ayes 83, noes 11; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. OLDS. As there seems to be no quorum
voting, I call for the yeas and nays. -
The SPEAKER. If the yeas and nays were
ordered it would be unavailing, as there is no
quorum, and therefore no business could be trans-
acted.
Mr. OLDS. I then move a call of the House.
The question was taken; and decided in the
affirmative.
The Clerk then proceeded to call the roll; and
137 members having answeied to their names,
Mr. OLDS moved that all further proceedings
in the call be dispensed with.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I did not hear
my name called, though 1 was present. I ask
that it may be recorded.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules the absen-
tees are regularly called after the roll has been
gone through with, and thus every gentleman will
have an opportunity to answer to his name. For
this reason the Chair will not recognize any gen-
tleman.
Further proceedings in the call was then dis-
pensed with.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen appointed
will resume their places as tellers.
Mr. Campbell being absent, Mr. Faulkner
was appointed by the Speaker in his stead.
Mr. KERR. What is the question before the
House?
The SPEAKER. The question is on a motion
to suspend the rules for the purpose of allowing
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
to report a bill entitled " An act regulating the
pay of deputy postmasters." _ ,
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to, the tellers having reported—ayes 124,
noes 1.
So the rules were suspended for the purpose in-
dicated, (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive.)
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, then reported a bill enti-
tled " An net regulating the pay of deputy postmas-
ters;" which was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. OLDS. I ask that thebill be read through.
The Clerk then read the bill through.
[Here a message was received from the Senate,
byAsBi-ry Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, notify-
ing the House that that body had passed the
deficiency bill, with sundry amendments,in which
it asked the concurrence of the House.]
Mr. OLDS. As I propose to ask the House to
put this bill upon its passage, and as what I have
to say might, perhaps, as well have been said in
the form of a report, had it not been for the fact
that 1 wished to put it upon its passage, I ask the
House to allow me to say what I- have to say from
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to one feature m the bill. Ic,
provides for the increased compensation of post-
masters in all cases where they receive commis-
sions on §100 and upwards. I desire to know if
there is any provision in the bill which provides
for postmasters whose compensation is less than
that?
Mr. OLDS. The gentleman will see that those
cases are provided forin thecourse of my remarks.
Mr. Speaker, such is the pressure made by
the postmasters of the entire Union for speedy
action upon some proposition that shall afford
them relief, that 1 am iadueed to ask the House
to considers and mature, if they find it defective,
