i em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
tions for the improvement of the navigation of
this river, and continued to do so until the year
1839, since which time the cities of Albany and
Troy have continued tQ. appropriate money for
the improvement of this national work, with the
exception of an appropriation of §10,000 by the
Legislature of the Slate of New York, and $4,000
by citizens of New York, in the year 1852. In
1852 Congress appropriated $50,000 to continue
the improvements on the Hudson river, which is
now being expended.
The sum which I now ask for with my amend-
ment is to provide the necessary dredging ma-
chines, with their appurtenances, to complete this
improvement, in the most economical and perma-
nent manner. The whole estimated cost for this
improvement, as will be seen by reference to Major
Delafield's report and estimates, in Part II, Pres-
ident's Message and Accompanying Documents,
pages 332, 333, and 334, is §450,986, which is
distributed into six years, as follows: $146,142
first year, as provided for in my ameddment, and
$60,952 for the second and each succeeding year.
Mr. Chairman, let me call the attention of the
committee to a few facts more, and I am done.
The value of the exports of the products of the
United States in 1853, exclusive of gold, was
$189,869,162.
The value of all property that came to the Hud-
son river from the Erie and Champlain canals in
1853 was $73,688,044
The value of all property that came to
the Hudson river by railroad in the
year 1853, is estimated at one eighth
of the amount by canals, say  9,211,005
Making a total of. $82,899,049
This large amount is the products of the south-
western and northwestern States, as well as north-
western New England, Canada, and the State of
New York.
Mr. Chairman, it is now known, I presume, by
every member of this committee, that the State
of New York has built, and is now completing,
the most, extensive and costly system of canals,
for the purpose of uniting the waters of the great
inland seas of America with the waters of the
Hudson river and the Atlantic ocean, that the
history of any State in this or any other country
can point to. Sir, the cost of the Erie canal alone,
when completed, will amount to the sum of
$45,000,000. And let me say at this point, that
this canal is now, fffid will continue to be, of as
much, and, 1 think, more importance to the grow-
ing and prosperous West, than to the State that
lias built it; and let me ask the Representatives
from that section of our country if they are will-
ing to allow the delay and expense incident to the
interruptions of the navigation of the Hudson
river to their property getting to market, when
so small a sum as asked for will prevent it? I
trust not. Let me add, the time will come, in
my opinion, when the great southwestern and
northwestern Siates will demand the removal of
all restriction to the free ingress in the transport-
ation of their products to the sea-board. So the
quicker we commence this system of improve-
ments, the sooner we shall anticipate what time
and history will demonstrate.
Mr. Chairman, I am admonished of the near
expiration of my time, which I regret, and there-
fore must hasten to a close. I was told yesterday,
hy a leading member of this House, that We must
pass this bill as it is, or it would be vetoed. Has
it come to this, that we have got to surrender our
judgments, our consciences to the whims and
wiifof the Executive? I trust not. For one, 1
shall never do it.
After the secret treaty with Mexico, and the
appropriation of $10,000,000 for a barren strip of
her land, and other appropriations that have been
made at this session, I think it comes with an
exceeding bad grace to talk about vetoes on bills
making economical appropriations for continuing
and completing the great highways of internal
commerce, by the means of which will be devel-
oped the vast and unlimited resources of chegreat-
est, best, and most prosperous country the sun
ever shone on. I trust tHe amendment maybe
adopted.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. EVERHART. I offer the following amend-
ment;
For continuing the repairs of the piers of Marcus Hook,
Delaware county, Pennsylvania, $5,000.
The amendment was not agreed to. .
The following clause being under consideration:
For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
Cape Fear nver, at and below Wilmington, North Caro-
lina, $50,000,
Mr. WENTWORTH said: The matter of the
improvement of the Cape Fear river was disposed
of the day before yesterday. I therefore move to
strike this clause out of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, moved to amend
the bill by increasing the appropriation to the
Pascagoula river $5,900, so as to make the whole
appropriation $15,000.
Mr. HARRIS. If the principle of this bill is
to be established—if it is to be engrafted upon
the policy and practice of the General Govern-
ment, and thus perpetuated—I feel at liberty to
ask, in behalf of my constituents, that the appro-
priation be increased to an amount sufficient to
effect the object sought to be accomplished by the
expenditure. I do not feel disposed to counte-
nance the practice now prevalent, of beginning
with a sum too small to excite apprehensions,
but sufficient to establish a precedent, and to lay
the foundation, to furnish a pretext, for future
appropriations. I prefer to ask what is necessary
at the outset. There is nothing in the report of
the officer who made the survey and examination
of the bar at the mouth of the Pascagoula river to
which I object. I take it for granted that it is fair
and correct; but the report proceeds upon the idea
that a depth of six feet in the channel, which is
to be made through the bar, is alf that is needed.
From information derived from intelligent persons
familiar with the locality, with its wants and
necessities, I feel authorized to say that a depth of
nine feet is necessary to render the work of much
practical utility.
The Pascagoula river affords to a large number
of my constituents, engaged in the lumber trade,
the only means of transporting their lumber to
market. What little commerce they have—a com-
merce rendered comparatively insignificant by the
want of that aid which is very liberally afforded
elsewhere in the improvement of navigation—is
dependententirely upon this river. The resources
of the region through which it flows are very
great in this one important article of commerce.
The only hindrance to their complete develop-
ment, is the obstruction to navigation presented by
this bar, which lies across the mouth of the river.
The great value of the timber rendered accessible
by this river has attracted attention of late, and
has led to the application to this Government for
aid to remove a barrier to its navigation. The
sum of $15,000 is believed to be necessary to make
a channel through the bar of sufficient depth and
width to admit the entrance of vessels of suffi-
cient size for the purposes of the commerce of that
river; and 1 ask that the appropriation be in-
! creased to that sum. I will not disguise my own
! opinion as to the bill under consideration, on ac-
count of the interest I may feel in this particular
item. I say frankly to the committee that I am
inflexibly opposed to this system of improvements
by the General Government. I intend to war
against it—to urge a relentless, and, if in the
compass of my. exertions, an exterminating war
against it.
A Member. Strike out the appropriation.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well; strike it out. I
trust it was not supposed that my vote was de-
pendent upon this small appropriation. If there
be no merit in the appropriation, strike it out.
Such considerations will not influence me, or my
State, in this matter. The ground I assume here
is, that if Congress is determined to embark in this
scheme—if you aregoing to divide out the money
in the Treasury—Mississippi, having contributed
to the common fund, is entitled to her share. If
the public money is to take this direction, give to
Mississippi some part, at least, of what she has
paid into theTreasury. With a sea-board of more
than seventy miles on the Gulf of Mexico, into
which two of her principal rivers flow, the navi-
gation of both of which is obstructed, Mississippi
gets, in a bill appropriating millions, the small
sum of $5,500. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Some say strike this
item from the bill. I hope that will not be done,
for it is one of the most deserving in the bill. I
haye the estimates, and upon them the amend-
ment has been drawn up.
The question was taken on Mr. Harris's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SKELTON. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following:
For continuing the improvement of the navigation of
Shrewsbury river, in New Jersey, $10,000.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I make the point that
the amendment is not in order. Is there any law
authorizing the appropriation ?
Mr. SKELTON. Appropriations for the same
purpose have heretofore been made, surveys have
been made, and additional appropriations have
been recommended by the engineer. This amend-
ment is to complete what has already been begun
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman to say that appropriations for the
same improvement have been made heretofore?
Mr. SKELTON. Yes, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
amendment on the gentleman's statement.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. FENTON. I move to amend, pro forma,
by increasing the appropriation of the bill now
under consideration one dollar. I had intended
to offer some remarks in support of this bill, and
upon the subject of river and harbor impiove-
wents generally,-omitting not to give my views
upon the question of" tonnage duties." I had fore-
gone this pleasure, and perhaps duty, owing to
the near approach of the close of this session, and
the general desire to cut off all debate under the
hour rule, limiting all remarks to five minutes.
My anxiety to discuss this question is now in-
creased by the remarks made this morning by a
member of the Committee on Commerce, [Mr.
Millson,] and I now ask the privilege of pub-
lishing in the Globe what I shall fail to say in the
five minutes allowed to me under the rule.
Having accomplished my purpose, I now with-
draw my amendment.
The following clause was then read:
"For a resurvey of the harbors at Mnrblchead, Nan-
tucket, and Sandy Bay, in the State of Massachusetts,
$1,500."
Mr. FLAGLER. I move to amend that clause
by inserting after the word "Massachusetts" the
.following words:
W —and the harbor at the mouth of the Eighteen Mile
creek on Lake Ontario.
There has been a survey made at this point of
precisely the same character as others, for which
appropriations are made in the bill. There are
reasons why a resurvey should be made, and
therefore I offer this amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOKS. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For continuing the habit of improving rivers* and har-
bors, all the balance of the money m the Treasury of the
United States.
[Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. HAVEN. Inasmuch as we have got
through the- items of the bill, I desire to offer
an amendment to the second section, which I
deem of very great consequence. I call for the
reading of the second section.
The second section was then read, as follows:
Sec. 2. And, be it further enacted. That the Secretary
of YVar, before expending any part of the money herein
appropriated, shall cause a thorough reexamination and re-
survey of each of the public works to be made, and shall
adopt that plan which shall complete each one, or make
the greatest approximation to completing it, with the spe-
cific appropriation therefor. And it shall be his duty, at
the next session of Congress, to report the result of said
reexamination and resurvey, with the plan adopted, and the
items of expenditure under said plan; and he shall accom-
pany said report with a statement of the amount and date
of all former appropriations for each work, and a full esti-
mate for its entire and permanent completion, with the
amount that can be profitably expended in the next fiscal
year. And he shall also state in what collection district
each work is located, and at or near what port of entiy,
light-house, or fort; what amount of revenue was collected
at the nearest port of entry for the last fiscal yrar ; and, as
far as practicable, what amount of commerce and naviga-
tion would be benefited by the completion of each particu-
lar work: Provided, That he shall continue to make such
a report at the commencement of every session of Con-
gress until the works herein piovided for shall all be com-
pleted.
Mr. HAVEN. Having got through with the
