128
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5.
i to Duncan N. Ingraham, reported back the
same with a substitute; which was read as fol-
lows:
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
ativeem Congress assembled, That the thanks of Congress
be, and they are hereby, presented to Duncan N. Ingra-
ham, commanding the United States sloop-of-war St.
Louis, for his judicious and galiant conduct on the second
day of July last, in extending the protection of the Ameri-
can Government to Martin Koszta, by rescuing him from
forcible and illegal seizure and imprisonment on board the
Austrian brig Hussar.
Resolved, Thatthe Presidentof the United States be, and
is hereby, requested to cause to be made a medal, with
suitable devices, and presented to Captain Duncan N. In-
graham, as a testimonial nf the high sense entertained by
Congress of his valor, promptness, and judicious conduct
on the above-mentioned occasion.
jResolved, That the President of the United States cause
the foregoing resolutions to be communicated to Captain
Duncan N. Ingraham in such terms as he may deem best
calculated to give effect to the objects thereof.
Mr. DEAN. As there is no proper place to
which to refer these resolutions, and as they are
reported here by a committee, and are a mere dec-
laration of thanks to Captainjngraham, without
asserting anything as to the citizenship of Koszta,
I hope the House will consent to their immediate
passage; and if there is no onp who desires to speak
upon the subject, 1 move the previous question.
Mr. CLINGrMAN called for tellers upon the
demand for the previous question; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Harris and Campbell were
appointed.
The question was then taken, and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 55, noes not counted.
The SPEAKER. There not being a majority
of a quorum, the proposition falls.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the resolutions
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. ORR. 1 was absent for a single moment,
and was somewhat surprised that the previous
question'was not seconded in this matter. 1 sup-
pose no debate is necessary in regard to the reso-
lution. If the House understand it, I presume
there will be no objection to passing it, as it has
been reported unanimously by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. 1 have so understood it.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. The committee
were unanimous in reporting it.
Mr. ORR. The resolutions which were origin-
ally offered by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Dean,] are changed. They provided for
giving a sword to Captain Ingraham; but the com-
mittee have changed the direction, and provide for
presenting him with a medal.
Mr. BAYLY. Do 1 understand the gentle-
man from South Carolina to say that that is the
only change? ^
Mr. ORR. I think that is the only one.
Mr. BAYLY. Then my friend is mistaken.
The resolutions have been changed in more re-
spects than that.. We not. only changed the
direction from a sword to a medal, because we re-
garded the conduct of Captain Ingraham as rather
civil than military, but we changed it very essen-
tially in other particulars. We avoided all ques-
tions about citizenship. If the House will look
at. the resolutions, they will find that we thank
Captain Ingraham for nothing but judicious con-
duct m extending protection to a man illegally im-
prisoned. The ground of the extension of that
protection is not settled at all. It was by design,
and properly, too, that we did not go into that
question. We merely thank him for his prompt
and judicious conduct in extending the protection
of our nationality over Koszta, to which he was
undoubtedly entitled. All controverted questions
that !;a'Pin::en brought up have been carefully left
out; and, ill this case, I do not hesitate to say,
properly and judiciously left out.
Mr. MILLSON. Will my colleague yield the
floor, to allow me to ask a question ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Orr] is entitled to the floor, and
yielded to the gentleman from Virginia for ex-
planation. The*"gentleman, therefore; has no right
to yield the floor.
Mr. ORR. I desire that the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Mii.lson] shall propound his ques-
tion to his colleague, and will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. MILLS ON. I was about to ask my col-
league, [Mr. Bayly,] who I supposed was entitled
to the floor, if there was any necessity for the
immediate consideration of these joint resolutions?
I am informed—and I gather as much from the
remarks just made by my colleague—that the
resolutions referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs have been materially changed by that com-
mittee.
The resolutions are long, and, affecting as they
do our foreign relations, they ought to be care-
fully considered.
Now, sir, 1 have no hesitation in saying that I
have never entertained a doubt thatthe justifica-
tion of the conduct of Captain Ingraham was
complete; but not for many of the reasons which
have been assigned. I concur in much of the
reasoning contained in the letter of the Secretary
of State upon this subject; but I am anxious to ■
see that no resolution passed, by the House shall
commit Congress to any questionable principle;
and for this reason I greatly desire that this mat-
ter should be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and that it shall
there be taken up at some convenient day—at
some early day—and disposed of as may seem
proper.
I make these remarks, not with a view of
interposing any obstacle to the passage of the
resolutions, but for the purpose of giving me an
opportunity of becoming assured for myself that
they are in such terms, and contain such senti-
ments, as I shall be willing to subscribe to. 1 can
see no necessity for any immediate action in rela-
tion to them, and I hope, therefore, that they
will be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. BAYLY. I dislike to trespass- upon the
time of my friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Orr,] and will not proceed further if he objects.
Mr. ORR. Go on.
Mr. BAYLY. Then, as the gentleman has no
objection, I will say a word in reply to my col-
league, [Mr. Millson.] Now, in respect to the
proposition to refer to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, let us look at it. When
the resolutions were first introduced by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Dean,] I took the
ground that they should go to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. I did it for a reason that I did not
choose to assign at the time. I did it because I
thought in framing them he had followed too
closely precedents set in other cases, and especially
in one case which I had in view. I thought if we
could get them into the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, composed of such gentlemen as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chandler,] and
others who are known to this House—I mention
that gentleman particularly, because he is known
to be, what he prides himself upon being, not only
a Whig, but a Federalist—[laughter]—he has been
an editor, and is an able critic; he understands the
use of the English language-—I say I thought that
a committee of that sort, if they met together to
talk over their phraseology, could, after a while,
get them nearly right. W ell, we did meet and
talk them over. We made suggestions, and we
made amendments, and at last we got the resolu-
tions in such a shape that the committee agreed to
them unanimously; and they have been reported
back to the House by the gentleman from New
York.
My colleague wants to send them now to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Cui bono? To talk over the language of them
again ? To get them right again ? Why, sir, this
matter of paying a compliment amounts to nothing
if it is grudgingly and tardily done.
My colleague asks what is the occasion of im-
mediate action ? That is partly the occasion for
immediate action. But beyond that, I undertake
to say here, we have taken in this matter a new
department in respect to our foreign affairs. If I
may be excused for using technical expressions,
this nation has been constantly the plaintiff. We
have always been after other nations for what
they have done to us. Now, I am tired of seeing
this nation eternally the plaintiff. I want a new
era. I want to see this nation sometimes the de-
fendant. I say it emphatically, and I wish it to
go out to the country. Not only is that my
opinion, but I believe that it is the opinion of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs. We are tired of
eternally being the plaintiff; we want to be the
defendant sometimes.
I approve of Captain Ingraham's conduct,
thoroughly and entirely. The resolutions avoid
assigning the reason for that approval, and, in my
opinion, properly so. There is the judgment;
every member of this court may assign his own
reason for it, and I do not care one cent whether
the reason is a good one or not if the judgment
is right. I think the judgment is right. It does
not matter a particle whether Kozsta was an
American citizen or not. I presume no one claims
that he was a citizen, but he was entitled to
American protection; he was illegally seized in
violation of the laws of nations; he was imprisoned
in violation of law; and I do not care whether he
was an American citizen or not. Further than
that, I do not care whether he was entitled to
American protection or not.
I shall not go on with that idea. But I do main-
tain that there are cases in which we may interfere
in defense of humanity, and for the prevention of
wrongful injuries, even when we are not bound to
interfere. I draw a distinction between where you
are bound to do and where you may do it. But,
sir, it seems to me that this debate has sprung up
too suddenly. This is a matter too important for
any man to undertake to speak upon without that
decision which preparation alone can afford.
Mr. ORR obtained the floor.
INTERPRETER TO MR. GALLEGOS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. 1 rise to what
I consider a privileged question. I offer the fol-
lowing resolution for the adoption of the House:
Resolved, That Sefior Jos6 Manetel Gallegos, the sit-
ting Delegate from theTerntory of New Mexico, be allowed
to introduce an interpreter on the floor of the House, to
enable him to understand its proceedings; and that said
interpreter be paid dollars per diem out of the con-
tingent fund.
Mr. ORR. I must object to having my speech
interrupted by the resolution of the honorable
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. HUNT. I should like to know of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether the resolution
just read has been introduced with the consent of
the Delegate from New Mexico ?
Mr. STANTON. It has.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not regard
the resolution offered by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee as of a privileged character.
Mr. STANTON. That decision prevents me
from saying anything in regard to the resolution.
I should like to do so.
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM AGAIN.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Speaker, I had not the least
idea, when I came into this Hall this morning,
that these resolutions would be reported, or, if re-
ported, that I would say a single word in refer-
ence to them. I supposed that they would pass
the House without objection being started by a
single gentleman on this floor. The resolutions
have undergone the scrutiny of one of the ablest
committees of this House. They have undergone
the scrutiny of Democratic and Whig members.
They have been reported in such manner that
objection cannot be taken to them. The Govern-
ment is not committed to any principle to which
all parties within the limits of the United States
are not entirely willing to subscribe.
Mr.MILLSON. I only wish to say, Mr. Speak-
er, that I have as much confidence in the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, as, perhaps, any other
gentleman upon this floor. It is out of no want
of confidence in its members that I desire the ref-
erence of the resolutions to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I wish to see the
resolutions in print. I have very little doubt that
I shall concur in the adoption of them, when I
have examined them. From what my colleague
[Mr. Bayly] said, I am inclined to the opinion that
I shall agree with him in his conclusions; but up
to this moment I have not heard one word of the
resolutions. When they were reported from the
Clerk's desk, such was the confusion then pre-
vailing that their contents could not be heard where
I sit.
Mr. ORR,. I will read the resolutions, and X
beg that the gentleman will give them his attention.
He then read the resolutions, as above reported.
Mr. ORR, after reading the resolutions through,
said: These, Mr. Speaker, are the joint resolu-
tions which have been reported by the Committee
on Foreign Relations. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia proposes that they shall be referred to the
Committeeof the Whole on thestateof the Union.
I would inquire of gentlemen who have heretofore
had seats in this Hall, if that motion be agreed to,
