1698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
ruan from Georgia, inasmuch as an attack seemed
to have been made upon him. i
Mr. SEWARD. Now, Mr. Chairman, I will i
endeavor to confine myseif wkhin the rules of |
order.
3ARKSDALE. Will the gentleman al-
low me to interrupt him?
Mr. SEWARD. Not now. I want the gentle-
man from Mississippi to define the exact limit of
the constitutional power which is conferred upon
Congress to enter into a general system of internal
improvements, or a special system. I want the
gentleman to give me his definition. That is what
1 want. Now, Mr. Chairman, let it be distinctly
• understood that I have no constitutional scruples,
upon this subject, and never had any. The power
to make appropriations for works of internal im- j
provements has been conceded by both parties,
and the difference between them only exists as to
the character and extent of those improvements,
as to what is national and what is local. Hence
there can he no well-defined limit of power. If
the Constitution vests m Congress this power at
all, which is admitted by both parties, the exact
quantum of power is not defined the Constita
| Mr. Chairman, I only desire to say that this
1 whole matter was referred at the beginning of the
j session to a special committee; that that com mi t-
i tee has had the whole question under considera-
t tion; that majority and minority reports have
i.been submitted; that the majority have offered a
; bill to the House to cairy out the views of their
, report, and that all the questions are to come be
i fore the House. Now; I would ask the commit-
I tee whether it is fair and just and proper to take
any snap judgment like this on the action of the j
special committee? # j
You appointed out of your own body a special j
committee for-the purpose of taking chaige of j
this matter. That committee have examined into j
it, made a report, and all the evidence which they |
gathered will be before the House, and I now ask, j
j when this report is to come before the House, and .
j when a bill predicated upon it, and comprehend- |
' ing this subject-matter, is to be before this body, j
I whether you ought to foreclose and forestall the j
I action of that committee which you appointed ;
I yourselves, by any line of action dehors the record? j
! Mr. STANTON,of Kentucky, i desire to say, j
in reply to my friend from South Carolina, that
tion, and necessarily involves^ '^discretion upon j! jie labors undera sreat misapprehension in regard
?he part of Congress, the beginning- and end of j to this matter, although he is a member of this
which is difiicultto determine in all cases,and can j, special committee; for we have made no report at
only be limited with certainty by some interdict jj all upon this subject. The report which the com-
of the Constitution, where its provisions would m nrhttee made was upon the subject of armories
be violated, or the rights of the States and the 1 — " ■> • - - ----- * -•-
people be in fringed. Of course, in the time allowed
me, I cannot present my views at length upon this
subject. If these views are Democratic, then, to
that extent, I stand upon the Democratic platform.
Now I will hear from the gentleman from Missis-
sippi.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If anything could satisfy
me that the gentleman from Georgia has forgotten
that he claims to be a Democrat now, arid imagines
himself still a Whig, it would be the decimation
he has just made, that he does not understand the
resolutions of 'OS and '99. [Laughter.] Demo-
crats have no difficulty in understanding thexe
resolutions. They are the very basis which up- .|
^holds the Democratic organization. ;
Now, sir, in reply to the question of the gentle-
man front Georgia, I will state that i do not pro- ,!
pose, at this time, to make the distinction between |{
general and special improvements, i will say, i;
however, that the whole country has acquiesced ;;
in the policy of improvements, which are -puiehj
national in their cbarnctei; such, for instance, as j!
the building of light-houses; constructing buoys, jj
&c, Hence each bill must stand upon its own ||
merits; but I find no improvements of that char- M
acter in this bill. It bears upon its face the evi- |]
dence that its object is to cairy on a system of jj
internal improvements in the States, which 1 \ \
regard as both unconstitutional and inexpedient j.
Mr. SEWARD. Weil, sir, I think lean show;!
the gentleman that 1 have pretty good reason for jj
making the declaration. jt
► [Here the hammer fell.] 11
Mr. SEWARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment. 1-
The CHAIRMAN. No further amendments jj
are in order. j j
Mr. SEWARD. I desire then to speak in op-!
position to the pending amendment, j|
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must inform):
the gentleman that no further discussion is in j
order. ;
Mr. SEWARD. I mo\etoamend theamend- ;
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, by adding I
the following: j
Provided, The President of the United States concur in I
opinion with the Seeretaiy of War. !
[Cries of " Good ! " t( Good !"] j
Mr; STANTON, of Kentucky. The amend-;
ment is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order. The amendment is in the
third degree, and cannot be received.
The question was taken on Mr. Barksdalr's
amendment to the amendment; and it was re-
jected.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton's
amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, by adding
the following:
Provided, It does not increase the patronage of the Gov-
ernment.
The House does not want information upon this
subject. Here is a report, which I hold in my i
hands, made twelve years ago upon this very sub- j
iect, demonstrating the necessity of the very change j
\ propose. If the committee will give me their at- j
tention, 1 will read a small portion of it: j
" The construction of all our public works, up to 18H8, |
was confided to the engineer corps of the Atmy. In that !
yeai (August 03) twelve ol the^e woiks weie transderjed I
to the topographical corp-s. In 1839, (Januaiy 2"?,) fitly five
weie also tranyftrreil ; and one, the Delaware lueakwater,
was trniifA'ired m June ol that year. No appropnations
of ;m> conserpienee having been made for the prosecution ]
of tin* public works tinee 1^3.4, hut little woik has been ]
done oi money expended on them since that period, or j
Hnce they have been placed in charge of the Topogiapnieal ;
Huiedu. I
what mannei Hie administration of our public works j
will hen-after be conducted, (if indeed any further progress ,
in them be smthonzed by Oongre^,) by the coips to which j
thej. have been tran---fened, remains- to be seen. i
a If the same errors of calculation, want of economy,
delays, and mismanagement, which characterized the pro-
ceedings of the old engineer corps, find place in the ad-
; im lustration ot the new, Congress should long hesitate
1 hefoie, it coHMjinecl to u< care any portion of the public
S woiks, and the va?-t expenditure of money attending their
j construction. j
| " With a view of enabling the House to judge of the
j propiietv ot making the suggested transfer to the engineer j
; corps, the committee have- piopared a statement of the j
j estimates and expenditure's of many of our public works, j
I (Statement annexed, marked ft.)
i "This statement should be taken in connection with or
1 as a supplement to a repo> t of the Cothfh'ttoe of Wnj sand
i' Means'un thu *nme subject. (See reports of committees
!; of the Jlou^e, 184W-'3f>, vol. !, No 297 ) A eompaiwm of
these estimates wifn the CKpendituri'S may suggest doubts.
;{ whether ii ht ii'iu-es or any oilier public works should
!; be committed to the gtuudian4-iiip of men wtio, however
' scientific, seem to have wanted judgment, tact, and just
,1 notions of economy."
| Mr. KEITT. I withdraw my amendment.
i The question then being on Mr. Stanton's
j amendment, tellers were ordered; and Messrs.
<| Hughes and Campbrll were appointed.
I; The question was taken; and the tellers re-
l| ported—ayes 52, noes 80.
!j Mr. STANTON, ol Kentucky. I havenn amend-
ment which I wish to offer. Ir is a small matter,
which f am satisfied the committee will vote m
favor of without opposition.
The amendment is as follows:
JIn<li>rovu1c(1, That all person* intrusted with the dis-
bursement of the funds nppiopria'eii tor ihe work« named
in this bill shall be required to «ive bond and ample security
foi the faithtul application of the same.
[Cries of "Right!"" Right!"]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN". I move that the committee do
now rise and report the b'll to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee ro^e; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman of the committee
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration,and par-
ticularly House bill No. 392, and had adopted
various amendments thereto, and had directed him
to report the bill and amendments to the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE*
A message was here received from the Senate,
by Asbury Dickins, Esq., their Secretary, in-
forming the House that the Senate have passed,
without amendment, a bill of the House of the fol-
lowing title:
H. R. No. 338. An act to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause to be surveyed
the tract of land in the Territory of Minnesota
belonging to the half-breeds or mixed blood of the
Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, and for other
purposes.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate (No.
202) entitled:
An act making further appropriations for the
improvement of the Cape Fear river, North Caro-
lina.
Also, that the Senate have passed bills of the
following titles:
S. No. 138. An act authorizing the extension
of the Alexandria and Washington railroad into
the District of Columbia;
S. No. 425. An act to constitute Tuscumbia,
in the State of Alabama, a port of delivery; and
S. No. 428. An act granting to Jasper Strong
and George Terrill, and their associates, the right
of way for a railroad through the reserved lands
near the navy-yard, Pensacoia, in the State of
Florida.
In which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of the
following titles; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the Speaker:
S. No. 404. An act to authorize the issue of a
register to the brig Amelia by the name of Abby
Fiances;
S. No. 202. An act making further appropria-
tions for the improvement of Cape Fear river,
North Carolina;
S. No. 343. An act to confirm the claim of
William H. Henderson and the heirs of Robert
Henderson to five hundred acres of land m the
Bastrop grant; and
S. No. 330. An act for the relief of Juan M.
Lucoand Jose L. Luco.
[A message was here received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by Sidney Webster,
his Private Secretary, transmitting to the House
a communication in writing.]
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have here a com-
munication from the Attorney General of the
United States, which I send to the Cleik's desk,
and ask to have read.
The Clerk then read a communication from the
Attorney General m reference to the connection
of the Government of the United States with the
canal around the falls of the Ohio river at Louis-
ville, Kentucky.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move the previous
question upon the engrossment of the river and
harbor bill.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana. I move to lay
the hill upon the table.
Mr. WALSH. 1 move that the House do now
adjourn
Mr. MURRAY. 1 demand tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and the House
refused to adiourn.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Louisiana that he
withdraw his motion to lay the bill upon the table
until the demand for the previous question has
been seconded. He can then renew it.
Mr. PERKINS. I cannot withdraw the mo-
tion. 4
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion of the gentleman from Louisiana.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. WALSH. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sollers
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers reported
—ayes 45, noes 87.
