130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 5,
in the argument referred to by gentlemen who have
preceded me, viz: the argument presented by the
honorable Secretary of State. W e are not called
upon now to inquire whether it is the duty of an
American commander to defend the rights of in-
choate citizenship; but we are called upon to say
that weapprove of the conduct of a man who, in
the name of his country and under the flag of his
country, asserts and defends the cause of hu-
manity.
The honorable gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Hillyer] says such an act as that entitles him
to no consideration at the hands of this House,
which is the representative of thenation. A nation
of republicans—a nation of freemen—a nation
which, by their Constitution, and by the policy of
their Government, are identified with individuals,
in their collective character, are called upon to
approve of conduct which illustrates our common
nature, and pours splendor upon the character of
the American nation.
Sir, the Clueen of England never allows tfn act
of humanity towards one who claims to be the
subject of Great Britain, no matter what may be
his situation, to escape without some distinguished
token of regard; and hundreds of American sea-
men are, at this moment, wearing upon their per-
sons, or preserving at their homes, the tokens of
that Queen's appreciation of the exercise of hu-
manity towards her suffering subjects. Is the
claim of American citizenship less than the claim
of citizenship elsewhere? I speak only of in-
choate, not perfect citizenship. Is the cause of
humanity—that is what I would now speak of—
less to be regarded here, and less to be approved,
than it is abroad? If it is, I do not understand
that. I fall back upon that old defunct party to
which the gentleman from Virginia assigns me,
and declare that that was the principle of that
party; and if it comes down to me—to baptize me
with old fogyism—I receive it as I do some other
unfashionable portions of my creed.
But, we are asked to refer these resolutions to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and we are told by the eloquent gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Miilsok,] that they will be
more acceptable to Captain Ingraham after that
reference, than if we pass upon them at once. We
stand here, sir, to reward Captain Ingraham for
what he has done in our behalf, and not to con-
sult his feelings. The measure that we are now
engaged in is one of self-respect. If we were to
consult Captain Ingraham, the honorable gentle-
man knows that there is no proverb more appli-
cable to the case than the old Latin proverb," Bis
dat qui cito dat"—"he gives twice who gives
quickly." Why, sir, while we are deliberating—
while we are discussing, the spirit of our good ac-
tion is evaporating, and the whole is becoming a
mere piece of formal legislation.
1 regret that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Dean]—the author of these resolutions—did not,
before offering them to the House, submit them to
a few friends who would have suggested some
slight modifications and amendments—which I
know he would have promptly accepted—and
then this House would have done itself honor by
a prompt acceptance of them from his hands, and
by passing them without all this deliberation. The
time will come when the President's message will
be further discussed—unless, indeed, the signs of
yesterday signify that we have already done with
it—and I shall hope then to take part in the de-
bate. That will be the proper time to consider
how far Koszta was entitled to our protection as
an American citizen—how far his inchoate citizen-
ship gave him a chum on us to our protection. In
my opinion, if it did not give him a perfect claim,
it gave him a claim on our humanity which was
perfect, if not as a citizen. It may have given the
claim of a citizen, however. It is clear that the
Secretary of State is not himself fully satisfied on
that point, as in a more recent case he seems to
have departed from that decision. Let it be dis-
tinctly understood, however, that this man was
not upon Austrian soil; he had nothing to do with
the Austrian Government. On that ground, and
on that alone, if I am to make reference to Koszta's
political position, should I take the stand that I
nave taken in behalf of this resolution.
I will not occupy the attention of the House
in attempting to discuss it. It is one that appeals
to our feelings as Americans; it is one that appeals
to us as the representatives of Americans. It is
no question whether this man or that man bore
with him a perfect cfaim to defense, but it is a
question whether the flag of the United States
streams in vain in any quarter of the world—
whether the oppressed and suffering of the world
may not claim exception from that species of
tyranny to which this man was exposed. And,
consequently, whether we ought not, out of self-
respect, dignify the legislation of this body by
showing that we can prove that we have the virtue
to appreciate and approve and applaud, and, as
far as possible, to reward an action which reflects
credit at home, and at every place where it is dis-
cussed in reference to the Navy of our country.
I had an opportunity, sir, a few months since,
to listen abroad to discussions on this very ques-
tion, and though men doubted whether we might
not involve ourselves in difficulty in undertaking
to defend a citizen whose claim had not been fully
established—one who had only lodged with us his
intention to become a citizen—still they believed
that humanity, and the progress of human rights,
justify the action of Captain Ingraham, and call for
applause. When the law of nations comes again
to be discussed, we shall, perhaps, hear of some
new PufTendorf, some new Vattel, or some new
Grotius in our country, who will, on our action,
and the peculiar situation of affairs in our country,
demand that there shall be a new provision in that
law—a proviso which we never will cease to en-
force by all the means which humanity mdpower
place m our hands. I trust that this House will
adopt the resolutions at once, and vote down the
motion to refer them to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I would beobliged
to the gentleman if he would withdraw his call
for the pievious question for a few moments.
Mr. HOUSTON. There are at least a dozen
gentlemen desirous of speaking on these resolu-
tions, and I must decline yielding to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SMITH. If the gentleman will withdraw
his call, when I shall have concluded what I have
to say I will renew it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If I withdraw for the gen-
tleman, I muse do so for others \\^ho may make
the same request.
Mr. SMITH. I give my colleague my particu-
lar thanks for calling the previous question just as
I was about obtaining the possession of the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not see that my col-
league was seeking the floor.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I move that theruies
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I trust that the
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee may not
prevail.
Mr. MURRAY. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to submit a report from the Committee on
Printing.
The SPEAKER. The motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is also privileged, and being submitted first takes
precedence.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
to know the effect of my motion. If it be adopted
will it send the resolutions to the committee? li
so, I withdraw it.
i Mr. WHEELER. I renew the motion to go
; into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
j the Union, if the gentleman has withdrawn it.
| The question was taken, and the House re-
j fused to suspend the rules and resolve itself into
, the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
| Union.
I The question then recurred on seconding the
| call for the previous question,
j Mr. WHEELER. I demand tellers.
: Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman
j and Churchwell were appointed.
! The question was then taken, and the tellers
; reported—ayes 63, noes 80.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Speaker, I shall votefor
the resolution reported by the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, not because I approve the terms of it,
but because it is the best now offered to us.
I must, however, be permitted to say that, in my
judgment, the committee have emasculated the
original resolution. They have taken from it all
its vigor and manhood, and given us a weak and
poor substitute. Out of the open and bold reso-
lution applauding Captain Ingraham for " vindi-
ating the right American citizenship," we are
now treated to one which places the thanks of this
nation upon the ground of personal gallantry and
humanity.
We are not left in doubt as to how far the reso-
lution was intended to cover the principle involved
in the case; for we have the out-spoken declara-
' tions of the chairman, [Mr. Bayly,] and the elo-
quent gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Chanb-
lrr,] that the resolution was purposely so framed
that while it applauded Captain Ingraham for his
gallantry, it avoided the debatable question, as to
how far Koszta was legally entitled to the protec-
tion he received by virtue of his inchoate citizen-
ship. For one, sir, I should much have preferred
a bold and open avowal of principle, even at the
hazard of a division in this House, to a poor com-
promise with unanimity.
Let me ask, Mr. Speaker, whence comes this
resolution? No one who has observed events
can for one moment suppose it originated in this
House. It is but a reflex of the popular judgment
long since declared. It but gives "form and pres-
sure" to the great movement which agitated the
public mind when the act of Ingraham was first
heralded on our shores. And what, sir, was the
foundation of this agitation ? What was it that
so moved the American heart to its lowest depths?
Can any one believe that this was all the result of
a mere act of humanity in releasing an individual
from imprisonment? No, sir; far deeper lies the
cause of the national approval. It rests upon the
broader basis, that an American officer, in a foreign
country, without instructions from the home Gov-
ernment, and under circumstances of great trial,
had the wisdom to recognize the legal right of
Koszta to American protection, and the energy to
declare that he should have it at all hazards. It
was not the introduction of a new policy, but the
manly assertion of a well-established right, en-
forced conspicuously upon the attention of the
European Governments, that has given to the act
the public importance which has attached to it.
And now, Mr. Speaker, let me ask, why should
we separate the act of Ingraham from the ground
of its vindication? His name is now historical;
it is properly associated in the minds of our
people with a great political principle, which is
destined to embalm it, and those who would dis-
associate them are unjust to him, to the event, and
to the expectation of our people.
While the resolution was intended to withhold
all commitment upon the principle of protection,
it invokes a legislative approval of the act upon
the ground of its humanity. This is not a suffi-
cient cause for the action of the National Legisla-
ture. Mere acts of humanity or personal gallantry
are not so rare in our Navy as to excite our
I " special wonder," or to call for this extraordinary
testimonial of the Government.
In the exercise of the feelings of humanity, In-
graham may have chosen to hazard his own per-
sonal safety; but when he proceeds to jeopard
the lives of the men who were intrusted to his
care, when he places upon chance the involvement
of his country in all the horrors of war, he must
act upon the principles of duty; he must look to
the right and laws of his country, and not t  the
impulses dictated by the feelings of humanity.
I have been greatly surprised at the strong evi-
• dence of a great diversity of opinion here as to the
legal right of Koszta to American protection. I
was not prepared for this, as the indication of
public opinion in this country had given assurance
of great unanimity. Citizenship has beeu spoken
of as a thing complete in itself, admitting of no
degree or modification. Now, it has never been
contended by any one that Koszta was a citizen,
in the full sense of that term, for our laws plainly
ij demonstrate the contrary; but the residence of the
il party, and the preliminary oath of intention, give
:i to him an incipient citizenship, which would in
I; due time ripen into full citizenship; and this con-
!' dition bound him to obedience to the Government,
and entitled him to the correlative obligations of
!! protection from the Government. Without dis-
