1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
puting about words, but looking to the right in-
volved, I apprehend, whateverdifFerences of opin-
ion may here spring up, the judgment of this
country is irrevocably determined. Let not the
oppressed foreigner, therefore, fleeing from gov-
ernmental persecution, fear that when once he
has landed upon our shores, and. entered upon the
duties of a citizen, that the laws of our country
or the will of our people will prove inadequate to
his protection, here or elsewhere.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, rose, and was recog-
nized by the Speaker.
Mr. BARRY. Will the gentleman yield for a
moment to allow me to move an amendment?
Mr. SMITH, i will yield for that purpose.
Mr. BARRY. I move to insert after the words
" Martin Koszta," the following:
A refugee from Hungary, who had fled to the United
States; who had filed a declaration in the proper couit of
intention to become an American citizen, and who was
at the time of his seizure upon Turkish territoiy.
I want that amendment to be inserted in the
original resolutions, after the word " Koszta,"for
the purpose of stating, as far as it can be stated,
the ground upon which the defense of Captain In- (
graham's conduct must rest. I agree with the j
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,] that this !
resolution, as it now stands before us, is not worth 1
much, because it does not purport to assert any
principle. Now, I propose to place Captain In-
graham *s conduct upon the only ground on which
it can be placed—namely, that Koszta was an in-
choate citizen, and was entitled to the rights of
inchoate citizenship, and not upon the ground of
humanity, for I deny that we have any right to
pass any such resolutions, or to interfere in any
such case, upon that ground.
Mr. HILLYER. Will the gentleman from
Alabama allow me to offer an amendment to the
original resolutions?
Mr. SMITH. I do not propose to go very
deeply into any investigation of the subject of
these resolutions. I will yield to the gentleman.
Mr. HILLYER. If it be in order, I will then
send up my resolution to the Clerk's desk.
TheSPEAKER. Two amendments are already
pending, and the gentleman's amendment is not,
therefore, at this time, in order.
Mr. SMITH. I expect to vote against these
resolutions in all shapes and forma, and I desire
to say only a very few words in justification of
my position. From the enthusiasm of certain
gentlemen who advocate the passage of these or
similar resolutions, and from what my colleague
from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] takes to be the
great movement in the American heart, I take it
for granted that I shall be in a very small minor- j
ity. I remember, sir, that on a former occasion '
in this House, I was in a minority of one upon a j
question wilder, more frantic, and more enthu- 1
siastic than this—(the Kossuth welcome)—there- j
fore I do not dread minorities, as you may know.
It seems that the friends of these resolutions can- |
not be satisfied with any form of resolution. The j
gentlerjian from New York [Mr. Smith] is not ;
satisfied with the Administration, or with the letter I
of the Secretary of State. They have not gone far j
enough for him. ;
My colleague from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,] i
complains that the original resolution has been !
emasculated, and that these resolutions are worth- ;
less. Well, sir, I hope that these, or any other
resolutions of a similar character, worthless ornot, 1
as they may be, may not pass this House now, or ;
on any other occasion.
Sir, what do you propose to do? You propose
to thank a man,in this extraordinary manner, for :
doing simply his duty.
It is not at all surprising that vw should manifest
some consternation and surprise, when we see any
man doing his duty. Any set of two hundred and
thirty-seven men who would deliberately waste 1
fifteen days of the public time, in the first month ,
of their session, outfit to be surprised that any man
should do his duty under any circumstances.
[Laughter.] Here you propose to thank a com- .
Blander in your Navy foi simply doing his duty, 1
and nothing further. And I do say, that however
gallant, personally, however honorable to his chiv-
alry and spirit, however noble the act may have
been in him as a man, yet as a national act, I do ■
question its propriety; and I design, on some
future occasion, to show that there are reasons for
questioning this act. I take the liberty of saying,
further, that the letter of the Secretary of State,
however elaborated, and however ingeniously de-
vised and worded it may be, is fuller of fallacies
generally, and false positions, than any document
of its character that has been published under the
sanction of the Government m this count! y for the
last twenty-five years. 1 desire that these resolu-
tions shall be passed over now, in order that we
may discuss them more thoroughly; and on some
other occasion I shall take the liberty of denying
the doctrines asserted in that paper; and perhaps
I may be able to induce the House at last to
pause to consider its consequences.
Sir, I would advise my honorable and distin-
guished friend from Alabama [Mr. Phillips] not
to be governed by the heart. He says that we are
but responding to a great movement in the Ameri-
can heart. Well, sir, a statesman had better be
governed by his head than his heart. The head is
better than the heart here. Statesmen who have
been governed by the heart may be found in such
men as Pericles at the feet of Aspasia, and Sam-
son in the lap of Delilah. Let us follow judg-
ment and not feeling, on great national questions,
as this unquestionably is. Let us give our heads
to the State, and our hearts to the women. I
remember, sir, that two years ago this whole
country was wild with enthusiasm about Kossuth;
and now it seems to be going wild about Koszta:
parallel cases.
But let us go back to this proposition. You
propose to reward a naval commander for the
simple performance of his duly. Some of the very
gentlemen who are to-day so earnestly advocating
this measure, refused yesterday, and perhaps many
times before, to give to a gallant general a mere
compliment—the title of lieutenant general to Gen-
eral Scott.
Mr. Speaker, let us be consistent. Theie are
many cases in the history of our Navy of this
character. When Captain Long, of the frigate
Mississippi, off Marseilles, by his judicious and
gallant conduct prevented a rupture between
France and the United States, by keeping down
that insubordinate and rebellious agitator, Kos-
suth, thereby indicating his great courage, great
firmness, and great intuitive sagacity, he was \
denounced from one end of this Union to the other
by the papers which were pandering to the public
hearty to use the favorite phrase of my colleague,
[Mr. Phillips,] and to the agitation got up by a i
distracting foreigner. Captain Long was a man of ;
great distinction, great capacity, and great charac-
ter; and yet this House absolutely refused to punt 1
his letter of vindication, by voting down amotion !
which I submitted to that effect. Yet public opm- ]
ion has long since vindicated Captain Long, j
There is another instance of a like kind in our !
naval history. When Lieutenant Hunter took j
Alvarado by himself, on his own hook, be was i
denounced, tried by a court martial, and dismissed |
in disgrace from' the service of his country ! Yes, 1
sir, that gallant young lieutenant, for doing more \
than his duty, and taking a town without the aid 1
of fogy diagram*, was absolutely dismissed from 1
the service for the simple act—all the fleet not !
doing as much during the whole war. Is that the !
way you would, in your wisdom, reward merit' I
Is this the way for a great Government and a great :
people to be consistent / ,
Sir, this House is too frequently led away by
what may be considered tobepopu'arapplauseand |
popular sentiment. I think that it is time for these ,
things to ccase. I am of opinion that Captain \
Ingraham, as a man, deserves credit and applause i
for the gallant and chivalrous impulse by which '
he was governed and prompted m acting as he did; !
and as such I applaud, and should be proud to do ,
him honor. But I do not wish, to commit the 1
Government to an act upon which I look as one of :
questionable propriety m a national view. These :
lesolutions do not only commit the Government
to the act of Captain Ingiaham, but also to the i
message of the President of the United States, and ■
to the letter of the Secretary of State. They com-
mit it to all by indorsing the act of the commander '
in the most solemn manner, and in rewarding, not j
by a sword, but by a medal—which is a higher'
honor than that intimated by a sword—the act ,
itself. !
When I rose, Mr. Speaker, I had no idea of'
speaking half as long as 1 have. I desired briefly to j
give one or two reasons why I intended to oppose ,
these resolutions to the very end. Trusting and i
believing, from the indications which I see around
me, that it is the sense of the House to let these
resolutions lie over for further discussion, I will
now say that it is my intention hereafter to ex-
amine, with a great deal of care and elaboration,
the letter of the Secretary of State, as well as the
message of the President of the United States—
disputing both as unsound. In order that the
House may have the better opportunity to discuss
this thing fully and thoroughly, as connected with
the President's message and the letter of the Sec-
retary of State, I move that the resolutions be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed. 1 hope
we shall stay here until the resolutions are better
understood, and until they be defeated in some
way or other.
Mr. STANTON,of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
like the gentleman from Alabama, I shall state, in
the outset of my remarks, that I intend to be ex-
ceedingly brief. I consider the object intended to
be attained by these resolutions as a very just and
very important one. Jt is a part of the duty of
this House to be performed towardsa most meri-
torious officer—a duty as important as any that
can be, or islikely to be, performed by this House,
or this Congress, during this session.
The gentleman who was last up [Mr. Smith,
of Alabama] argued that this naval officer had
peiformed a simple duty, and therefore was not
entitled to the high honor proposed to be bestowed
on him by this resolution. It is true, sir, that he
has performed a simple duty, but he has performed
jt under circumstances which make his act an
example of the highest possible courage—higher
courage than is exhibited by a military officer on
the field of battle. It is an instance of moral
courage—of the very highest moral courage—which
could possibly have been exhibited. It is not that
Commander Ingraham carried his vessel along-
side of the Austrian ship, threw his cable over
her chains in such a way as to expose his vessel
to the fire of a superior force, surrounded by
Austrian vessels in the bay of Smyrna; it is not
that, sir, which gives him a title to the high honor
which we propose to do him; because I have no
doubt you may find a thousand officers, or, at
least, may find many officers in the American
Navy who would be capable of a similar act of
gallantry. Put the commander of that vessel
was under the necessity of determining a great
question of international law, and of taking on
himself a high responsibility, relying on the jus-
tice and propriety of his own decision, and relying
on the support of the people of the United States
to sustain him in performing a duty which few of
our officers, perhaps,under similar circumstances,
would have been ready to perform.
Take an instance somewhat similar in circum-
stances, but very different m results, and very
different in the action of the individual who then
held the honor, and perhaps the lives, of American
citizens in his hands, or at least in some degree in
his power. Take the instance of the officer who
commanded the American ship at the port of Ha-
vana, on a recent occasion, when a bloody tragedy
was enacted there, and ask youiself what might
have been the difference m the result there if he had
had the spirit and character of Ingraham'1 Sir, it
was the moral courage displayed in this instance
which entitles Commander Ingraham to the act
we are now about to perform. I regret that the
usages of the service and the laws of the country
do not permit this meritorious officer to be re-
warded m even a better form, and in a higher
degree, than he can be by the passage of these res-
olutions, and by the presentation of a medal. I
regret that he cannot be promoted for that act of
gallant) y and high moral courage. My friend
from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] informs me that the
Austrian commander has actually been promoted
for the performance of his duty on that occasion.
This is the spirit with which these transactions
are viewed by foreign Governments.
This is not the proper occasion to enter into an
elaborate argument in regard to theprinciplescon-
tained in the Marcy letter—the great questions in-
volved m the passage of these resolutions—but in
reference to the phraseology of these resolutions,
I cannot see the propriety of the objection made
by the honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Phillips.] I submit to him,and to every gentle-
man upon this floor, whether the resolutions are
not sufficiently distinct and explicit upon that pointy
