844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 3,
facilities ? That is all I propose. It is an act of j
simple justice, especially to those parts of the ^
country where the mail facilities now are meaner, i
'The effect of this bill will be to produce a large I
deficit 111 the revenues of the Department, without J
any increase in its receipts; and a still further re- j
duction of the mail facilities of the country will be \
the inevitable result. I
But, sir, 1 do riot wish to take up the time of 1
the House. The bill 1 have before me is the one |
reported by the Post Office Committee providing j
that the postage shall, in all cases, be prepaid, j
The only alteration I have made is to strike out j
44 three/5 where it occurs as the rate of postage,
and to insert " five." I propose to test the sense !
of the House upon the subject by offering it as I
an amendment, and i will not detain the House i
longer by any further remarks upon it. '
Mr. OLDS. 1 do not withdraw th<  call for the
previous question to allow the introduction of the
gentleman's amendment.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be introduced be-
cause there is a pending motion to recommit the
bill. j
Mr. OLDS. I wish to say a single word in ref- i
erence to the matter. The bill rtferred to stands j
high on the Calendar. This is suspension day,and !
the gentleman from Alabama can move to suspend I
the rules to make the bill a special order, if he |
chooses to do so, for to-morrow. 1 know enough I
about parliamentary usage, Mr. Speaker, to know ;
that votes of those who are enemies to the bill 1
under consideration might be obtained to place
the gentleman's amendment on it for the express 1
purpose of killing1 it after it was on. Now I pro- ,
pose that each one shall stand on its own merits. [
it is not in accordance with the very spirit of the )
rules of the House, which oppose the offering of !
one bill as an amendment to another, ltisinvio- >
lation of the very spuit of those rules.
If the House, however, differ with me in
opinion, and wish to open up this bill to amend-
ments, and run the risk of defeating; it, in conse-
quence of such amendments as may be put on it,
then let them vote down the call for the previous
question, and leave the bill open to just such
amendments as gentlemen choose to offer. But I
hope that the motion to recommit the hill to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads will
be voted down; and that it will receive the imme-
diate and favorable action of the House. I
therefore renew the call for the previous question,
and insist on the House being brought to a vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the amendment I pre-
sented been leceived?
The SPEAKER. It has not, there being a
motion to recommit pending.
Mr. HOUSTON. J appealed to the gentleman
from Tennessee to withdraw the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and I supposed that he
hail done so.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Old6.] declined to withdraw the
call for the previous question, to let the amend-
ment m.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would suggest that the
amendment he allowed to come in, and that we
may have the sense of the House upon it.
Mr. OLDS. 1 decline to withdraw the call for
the previous question.
The call foi the previous question was second-
ed; and the main question was then ordeied to be
put.
The SPEAKER. The question is now on the
morion to recommit the hill to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, with instructions
to amend the same by adding thereto a provision
increasing the lates of postage, so ay to meet the
expense^ of the Post Office Department.
Mr. SEWARD, i call for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
question is not divisible.
The question was then taken; and the motion
to recommit was rejected.
The question recurred upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. OLDS. I beheve I have a right now to
say a word by way of explanation. I merely j;
want to say to the House that tins bill is in the ij
pr^t'i&e language of the existing law', and that the j
only charisre is in the rates. ■!
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If the bill is in the 11
precise language of the existing law, what is the
necessity for its passage?
Mr. OLDS. I said there was no change except
in the rates.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and, having been engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. OLDS. I demand the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be put. j
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. 1 ask for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The "yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table; and on that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then token on Mr. Jones's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and to lay the motion
to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion; and
it was agreed to.
The title of the bill was then read and con-
firmed.
Mr. OLDS. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the tide was agreed to, and to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put on the latter motion, and
it was agreed to.
CANALAROUND THE FALLS OF NIAGARA.
Mr. WENT WORTH, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to introduce the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals bp
instructed to inquire into ihe expediency of making an ap
proprumon of land or money lor making a canal around the
Falls ot Niagara.
Mr. NICHOLS. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I merely wish to refer
the resolution to the Committee on Roads and
Canals; and I move to suspend the rules.
The question was then taken upon suspending
the rules; and it was decided in the negative, two
thirds not voting therefor.
Mr. GREY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to offer the following resolution:
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would inquire of
the Chair if this is not regular resolution day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is not.
The resolution offered by Mr. Grey was then
read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to
furnish to the House of Representatives copies of ail the .
cot rc-ponderioe between the 1'o^t office Derailment, "their
special agent1' lor the State of Alabama, and the postmas-
ter at Montgomeiy, which has taken place since the 4th of
Match, relative to semi-dmly mail service in "nine
passenger four hoi post co.xehcs,''or otherwise, on the
route numbered 5,503 m Alabama; also, copies of the
oiigmal contract for that route foi the term of four ycai^,
ending the HOtli June, 18j4, together with all the amend-
ments, alterations, privileges, extension*, and restrictions,
authorized in legai d to it since the " letting.*" of 1850 ; also,
a copy of all amendments alterations, privileges, extensions,
or reductions authorized since that time in regard to that
route, including the proposition to ''transfer" it and its k(ac-
centaiiccs'' ami the order authorizing it to be made; al*o
to whom and at what annual compensation the daily service
was •' let'5 for the two terms of tour yeais, each one end-
ing in 1850, and the other m 1H16, on the route winch i^ at
present designated as route No. 5,502 in Alabama; also,
copter, of ail correspondence between the Post Olfteo De-
partment and the postmaster at Montgometv, and either or
both of the present contractors, a? to the tun:1 any service
on said route, m addition to that requited by theii original
contiaet, was? commenced by them—hom what —how
Jong, and in what manner pei formed—whet her cnnfinvow-ly
on irom the time first commenced, and whether in '• nine
p.is-.-ngcr lour-horMi coaches, or otherwise also, copies
of all orders allowing the present continetor, extra or addi-
tional compensation overand above the•$•24,001) perannnm;
to state also, i! tin-* agieement or atiangcment to transfei
that ionto to the present contiactors was or was not made
prior to the 30th of June, i)a53, and whether they have been
regatded and paid as contractors from and alter the 30th
June, IMJ; also, state whethei the present contractors are
not authoiized to scud the <c mail «ai kt-" of p.tpeis, public
documents, &c., (the transportation of which belongs to
that loutc, No. 5,5U2,) on steamboats from Montgomery to
Mobile.
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced,considered, and adopted.
THE NEBRASICA BILL.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the Houseto per-
mit me to present a petition, signed by numerous
citizeus of Carbondale, Luzerne county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for the passage of the Nebraska
bill.
Several Members. I object. Letitbepresented
under the rule.
Objection having been made, the petition was
sent to the Clerk's desk under the rule.
THE MAIL STEAMER CRESCENT CITY. ^
Mr. CLINGMAN. IVIr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to enable me to
present a resolution, which I will send to the
Clerk's desk to be read. It is a resolution of in-
quiry merely,aand I hope there will be no objec-
tion to it.
The lesolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to transmit to
this House (if not incompatible with the public interest, m
his opinion) copies of all correspondence that may have
taken place between ibt fiovetntuent o! the United Stated
and that ot Spam, in lelation to the lefu.s.ii, by the authori-
ties ot die I.-Jand ofCuha, some time m the autumn ol 1852,
to permit the United States mail steamer Ciescent City to
land the mail or the passengers detuned foi that island", at
Havana.
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced, considered, and adopted.
JEFFERSON'S MANUAL, ETC.
Mr. RIDDLE. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Whereas this House has passed a resolution directing the
Clerk to turnish to each of its members a copy ot Jefferson's
Manual:
Be it- reiolvel, That, instead of puiehasing said Manual,
the Clerk be directed to cause the same to be punted and
bi'iind Willi " the standing rules and oiders loi conducting
business, ice., in the iiouae ol Representatives, and lules
ot the Semite."'
There being no objection, the resolution was
introduced, considered, and adopted.
BURNING OF THE MARTHA WASHINGTON
Mr. BLISS. I desire the unanimous consent
of the House to the introduction of the following
lesolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and
he i< heieby, requested foithwith to communicate to thw
llou^e any mlormatiori m his possession, or facts withm
lits knowledge, touching the expediency of an appropna-
tion by Congress to d'-tiay the expenses alreadj incurred
in prosecuting the p<>r<oi's charged with the but'ung ol the
steamboat Martha Washington on the Mississippi aver in
Januaiy, ISoxJ, and to tunu-di the means for prosecuting
paid parties to conviction of the cnmcvs of arson and inuv-
dei.in the county or Philips, in the State of Aikaii^is,
where they are now in prison awaiting then trial lor said
! crimes, alleged to have been commiueu by them ni and by
the burning of said &teamho<u.
i The SPEAKER pro tempore. Js there any ob-
jection to the introduction of the resolution ? The
Chair hears no objection, and the resolution is now
before the House.
Mr. BLISS. I desire to accompany it with a
few words of explanation.
The SPEAKER, The resolution having been
introduced by unanimous consent, the rules are
suspended, and the gentleman from Ohio is entitled
to the floor to make any explanatory remarks lie
may deem necessary.
Mr. BLISS. The question, Mr. Speaker, may
! arise in the minds of gentlemen, why this resolu-
; tion of inquiry was not addressed to the Attorney
j General rather than to the Secretary of the Treas-
! ury? The answer to that is, that the information
! which is desired is withm the possession of the
1 Secretary of the Treasury, and not perhaps wirh-
1 in the possession of the Attorney General. The
; subject to which it relates is one of great import-
■ ance to the commeice, and to the safety of human
| life upon the Ohio and Mississippi rivers, and has
! very much interested the people of all the river
i States.
! Some time in the year 1851 the steamboat
Martha Washington, bound from Cincinnati,
j probably to New Orleans, was burnt upon the
■ Mississippi river, in the county of Philips, in the
J State of Arkansas. Sixteen human beings, men,
J women, and children, were destroyed in that hurn-
| ing. Previous to this occurrence, several steam-
j boats, within a few years, had been destroyed by
j fire upon the Mississippi and Ohio rivers, and al-
i though it was suspected that they were destroyed
| criminally, and that many lives, consequently, had
i been destroyed by murder committed in the burn-
ing of those boats, yet the public could get no in-
; formation that would justify a criminal proseeu-
I tion. Finally, through the energy and the intense
