xim
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 12,
Mr. ADAMS. Then I have nothing to say.
My only reason for moving the postponement was,
that 1 felt confident it would be impossible, if the
bill were sent to the House of Representatives, to
pass it through that body at this session. I
thought that by the postponement which I pro-
posed, more time would be given to investigate
the character of the expenditure. If I had
thought there was a probability of its passing
through the other House at this session, 1 should
not have made the motion. If it is the wish of
the Senate to pass the hill, I have no disposition I beg leave to call the attention of Senators to the
to throw difficulties in the way; still I should like 'ifact, th^t^jt is the first effort towards agrarian
to have the sense of the Senate, whether they
will postpone it or not.
Mr. CHASE. I am not prepared to vote for
the bill in its present shape. I acquiesce very
cheerfully in the validity of the reasons assigned
by the Senator from Delaware, and the Senator
from New York, in respect to the construction of
a budding for the accommodation of the Treasury
and State Departments. The reasons assigned in
relation to the records, apply chiefly to that build-
ing. The very extensive structures now going on
in this city—the.enlargement of the Capitol, the
building of the west wmg of the Patent Office, and
the construction of the addition to the Treasury
Department—will involve a very large annual ex-
penditure; and it strikes me that, until we see the
end-of that, we had better postpone the construc-
tion of further building for the accommodation of
other Departments. 1 am not prepared to say that
on further consideration I shall not withdraw even
this objection; but as it is now the hour of taking
up the special order, I move the postponement of
this bill until to-morrow.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to that, if
the Senate desire it. The postponementuntil next
session would necessarily tend to defeat the bill;
because, as to the action of the House, it is more
probable that it would pass if we sent it over at
this session, than if we sentit at the next session.
As to the postponement until to morrow, if the
honorable Senator from Ohio desires to discuss it,
I can have no objection to its postponement until
half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. To obviate any difficulty, I
withdraw mv motion.
Mr. Chase's motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD -BILL.
On motion by Mr. WALKER, the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the House bill " to grant a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of the public
lands to actual settlers," the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Clayton, to
strike outthe sixth section, which is in the follow-
ing words:
" Sec. 6. JSntl he it further cnactcd, That if any individ-
ual now a resident of any one of ihe riMtesor Territories,
and not a citixnn of the United States, but at the time of
making t?ueh*aeqmsition for the bem-fit ol this act, shall
have hied a declaration ol intention as required bv the nat-
uralization laws of the United States, ami shall become a
citizen of the same before the issuance of the patent, a«
made and provided for in this act, shall he placed upon an
equal footing with the native born citizen of the United
States."
—and insert
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That any mechanic
or other citizen of the United States, of full age, engaged
in and accustomed te any buMiiesK, trade, or calling, other
than the cultivation of land, shall, m consideration of his
inability to comply with thu conditions of tins act, by reason
of his want of knowledge, skill, or experience m such culti-
vation ot land, be entitled to receive l n lieu of one hundred
and sixty acre* of land as herein provided, the sum ot $160
to be paid to him out ot any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. Adams having called for a division of the
amendment, the question is first to be taken on the
motion to strike out.
Mr. ADAMS. I called for a division of the
question, with a view of first taking the sense of
the Senate upon striking out the section. My
reason for that was this: if there be any propriety
in disposing of the public lands without any con-
sideration, it seems to me to arise from the fact
that the public lands have been purchased and
paid for by the common blood and treasure oft! e
country; and in disposingof them, in giving thtm
away, if they should be given on the principle of
this bill, as 1 understand it is intended, it should
be to the most necessitous portion of those who
have paid the taxes and contributed to the acqui-
sition of the territory. The striking out of the
sixth section excludes those who have had no
participation in the acquisition of the territory,
who have paid no taxes, who have not defended
the country, and who have had no interest in the
Goverment.
Upon what principle, I ask, sir, do you tax
those who have been here, native-born and adopted
citizens, for the benefit of those who may come
hereafter? It is upon the principle which I htive
stated, if there be any justice in it, that the bill
should rest. I do not believe that it is just. But
ism. I^rwithoutany consideration, without any
public service, or without any pretext, you may
take from the public Treasury either a portion of
the public property or the public money by your
legislation, legislating it out of the pocket of one
into that of another, there is no limit to your
power. Mark me, this is only an entering wedge,
and we shall have other and different propo-
sitions presented until it comes to making men
equal in this country. Disguise it as you will, it
is the commencement of a division of the prop-
erty, and the making of all equal. If Senators
are prepared for this step, I have nothing to say;
but as much as has been said with reference to the
rights of foreigners, I only desire to call the atten-
tion of the Senate to the distinction that, if you
confine the proposition to those who have con-
tributed towards the acquisition of the territory,
there seems to be some principle in giving it to the
most necessitous portion; but to give it to those
who have had no participation whatever in it, is
so palpably unjust that it seems to me the whole
country would be opposed to it.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to submit a remark or
two, and then to offer an amendment, with the
I view of perfecting the sixth section, before the
; motion to strike out shall be taken. I do it at
j this time, because if the motion to strike out shall
; not prevail, and the section is retained, no motion
will afterwards be in order to amend it until the
bill is reported to the Senate.
I cannot agree with the Senator from Iowa,
[Mr. Dodge,] that all amendments are inexpe-
dient. I am, on the contrary, m favor of reason-
able and properamendments. Such amendments
will not endanger the final passage of the bill. I
have no doubt that the House will cheerfully agree
to such amendments as commend themselves^ by
their obvious propriety, to its approbation. But,
! sir, ifit should beotherwise,and beneficial amend-
j ments made here shall be rejected in the House,
| it would be quite in the power of this body to
! recede, and thus save the bill.
| it may not be the pleasure of the Senate to amend
! the bill at all. In that case I shall still vote for
: it, not as a perfect measuie, butas onecommended
; by considerations of humanity and policy, of
sound expediency and liberal justice. I shall pro-
pose no amendment, therefore, with any unfriendly
purpose towards the bill. I do not regard it as per-
fect—far from it. 1 do not know that any Senator
entirely approves it. But if I can get no better
frill, I shall vote for this; because it carries out,
to a certain extent, that great principle of public
i policy first announced in this Chamber, perhaps,
j by the late Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
i Webster,] to whom the Senator from Michigan
i [Mr. Cass] referredyesterday,butwhich found its
I first practical, zealous, and persevering advocate
upon this floor, in the Senator from Wisconsin.
, Of that policy I heartily approve. When first an-
i nounced,Ideclaredmyadhesiontoit. Iperseverein
! it to-day. I regard the public lands as the e&tate
> of the PEOrLE, and Congress merely as a trustee,
i The people are the cesluis que trust—the benefici-
' aries of this estate, and the whole duty of Con-
gress is performed by such a disposal of the lands
| tor the benefit of the people as an upright dis-
| charge of the trust requires. To devote a portion
| of these lands for the benefit of the indigent insane
! in the several States I regarded as a reasonable
i exercise of the trust power vested in Congress by
| the Constitution. 1 therefore voted for the bill
I making provision for that unfortunate class. 1
regard the grant of limited portions of these lands
to actual settlers as a wise and beneficent exercise
of the same trust power. I shall therefore vote
for this bill.
And now, sir, I wish to say a few words in
reply to the observation which fell from the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.] He says
that immigrants from other lands ought not to
share the benefits of this measure. They have
rendered no services, he alleges, to the country,
and therefore have no claim upon the bounty of
the Goyernment. There wouid be force in this
argument if these grants could be regarded as re-
wards for services performed; but then the argu-
ment would exclude from the benefits of the bill
all, whether natives or foreigneis, who have not
rendered actual services to the public. The bill
proposes no grants upon considerations of this
nature; the argument, therefore, if good at all, is
good against the whole bill. But it is not valid at
all. These grants are not rewards for services
rendered; they form part of a system of disposing
of the public land. They are tor the benefitof the
whole people represented by the Government, as
well as for the individual grantees. The public
lands may be regarded, under one point of view,
as a vast quantity of unemployed machinery in
the possession of a great capitalist, it is capable
of producing enormous wealth, but is idle and
unproductive for want of hands to work it. It is
the business of a wise capitalist to bring his ma-
chinery into use. It is the part of a wise Govern-
ment to bring the public domain into cultivation,
to develop its hidden wealth, and add its treasures
to the general resources of the country. Every
settler upon the public lands, under the provisions
of this act, in the course of the five years which
must elapse before he can obtain a patent, will
more than pay for the land he occupies m the shape
of duties upon goods consumed, or by the contri-
butions which his labors furnish to the wealth and
strength of the country.
And now, sir, if these public benefits constitute a
valid reason for these grants to actual settlers, that
reason applies as strongly to immigrants coming
into the country after the passage of the act, as it
does to those already here. There is no substan-
tial reason which commends itself to the judg-
ment of a statesman for any such discrimination.
There is a sound and sufficient ground of distinc-
tion between citizens in fact or m intention, and
aliens who do not design to become citizens, but
no reason at all for any such distinction between
immigrants who do intend to become citizens.
The section, as it stands, draws a line between
immigrants already arrived and immigrants to
arrive hereafter. Those who arrive to-day are
t) have the benefit of the act; those who arrive
to-morrow, if the bill in the mean time should
become a law, will be excluded from its benefit.
Can anybody assign a sensible reason for such a
discrimination between (if I may be allowed to
coin a phrase) the ante venients and the post
venients.
Sir, the principle for which I contend now, of
non-discrimination between different classes of
immigrants intending to become citizens, was
sanctioned in the recent Kansas and Nebraska
act. I congratulated the country at the time
upon the recognition of the right of all such im-
migrants, without distinction, to the elective
franchise. I was glad to witness that breaking
down of old prejudices against immigrants coming
into this country, which led to a nearly unan-
imous vote in this Chamber in favor of retain-
ing the clause which allowed them to vote in the
Territories, That vote recognized no such nar-
row and illiberal discrimination as this bill now
makes, it went upon a sound reason. It allowed
all to vote after declaration of intention,and taking
the oath prescribed by the act. It excluded none,
whether arrived before or after the passage of the
act. It made no distinction between those who
might, and those who might not, exercise the right
of suffrage, except the distinction between those
who should manifest a disposition to become cit-
izens, and a readiness to qualify themselves for
the exercise of the elective franchise, under the
provisions of the act, and those who mi^ht not be
ready to become citizens, or so to qualify them-
selves. I do not say that I approved the qualifica-
tion required. The oath to support the provisions
of an act of Congress, though not unprecedented,
ought not, in my judgment, to be required. I speak
only now of the principle of discrimination. I
approve the principle of that bill so far as it
refused to discriminate between immigrants on
the ground of difference as to date of arrival in
the country. I desire to have no such discrimin-
ation made in this bill. I want no discrimination
upon any piinciple which will not approve itself
