1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to a sound, just, and logical mind. I have, there-
fore, prepared an amendment, which, if adopted,
will remove from the biil those words which deny
its benefits to after-comers, and will secure its
equal operation in favor of all immigrants Wno
intend to become citizens of the country.
It is not necessary for me to say anything, at
this sta^e of tite discussion, in respect to the ex-
tension of the benefits of this bill to immigrants.
But I may be allowed to remark, that I do not see
that any harm has, as yet, resulted to our country
from the foreign immigration. That some immi-
grants, and, possibly, some classes of immigrants
may have rendered themselves obnoxious to a
public sentiment, justly jealous of the introduction
of ecclesiastical influence into our politics, may be
true. But the general masses of the immigration
are liable to no such imputation. They are rep-
resented in every department of your industry.
They are engaged in yourcommerce, in your man-
ufactures, and in "your agriculture. Some of them
represent the national sovereignty abroad; others
of them worthily and honorably represent the
sovereignty of States upon this floor. The immi-
grants, whose cause I plead, are as intelligent, as
worthy, as useful, and as respectable, as any other
portion of our population. Far from greeting
them upon their arrival on our shores with the
harsh aud odious discrimination of this bill, I
would bid them all welcome, and receive them
as brothers. By the manifestation of a generous
confidence, by a fair, manly, honorable treatment
of them, I would endeavor to convince them of the
expediency and necessity of divesting themselves,
as speedily as possible, of their foreign character,
and of putting on, with the rights and privileges,
the sentiments, also, of American citizens. Thus,
sir, I would Americanize them by generosity and
justice Once Americanized in mind and heart,
the most jealous mind need entertain no apprehen-
sions of evil from their coming among us, and-
sharing: in all our privileges.
i will now submit the amendment which I have
indicated. ****-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will not now be in order. The yeas and
nays have been demanded on the amendment of
the Senator from Delaware.
Mr. CHASE. Let my amendment be read for
information.
It was read. It is to strike out the words " now
a resident of any one of the States or Teiritones
and," and to insert between the words " but" and
u at" the word " who;" so as to make the sixth
section read:
"That if any individual,not a citizen of the United
Slates, hut who an he time of making t-ucli application jor
the benefit of this act, shall have tiled a declaration of inten-
tion," &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Clayton ] The Senator from Mis-
sissipoi, [Mr. Adams,] when it was offered, called
for a division of the question. The Chair will
remind the Senator that, according to the rules of
the Senate, a motion to strike out, and insert is
not divisible.
Mr. CLAYTON. In order to relieve the Chair
and the Senate from all embarrassment, and to
comply with the wishes of my friend from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Adams,] I will modify my amend-
ment so ss to move now, simply to strike out the
sixth section. After that motion shall be decided,
I can move to insert the provision which 1 first
offered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on the proposition to strike out the sixth
section of the bill.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not now intend, Mr.
President, to make anygeneral remaiks upon the
essential provisions of this bill. I may have oc-
casion to do so before the discussion closes. What
I have to say particularly at this time, is referable
to the sixth section alone. As I think it decidedly
objectionable, I shall vote for striking it out. I am
opposed to it, because, without going any further,
it is anti-vernacular, not only so far as regards its
intendment, but its language. It reads thus:
ci f* ec. 6. Jlnd he it further enacted, That if any indi vid-
ua!, now a resident of any one of t!u> Stales or Territories,
and not a citizen of the United States, but, at the tim*j of
making such application tor the benefit of this act, shall
have filed a declaration ot intention, as required by the
naturadzano'i laws of die United state-*, a ml bwome
a citizen of the same be(or« the issuance of the patent, as
made and provided for in this act, shall be placed upon an
equal foouiig with the native-born citizen of the united I
j
I shall not undertake to strike out this foreign 1
word issuance,'5 because, if the provision is\o j
go, let the foreign wottf go with it. { never heard (
of such a woid before. Tms is the first instance, J
I believe, of any such preference being given m she j
legislation of the country as is piovided for by j
this clause ; but as it is intended to have a new j
policy, giving bueh a marked preference to far- ;
eigners, I am perfectly vANiug that if shall be char- i
acurized by the new word tk issuance." i
A Senator. What language is it? |
Mr. BU I'LER. I do not know what language— '
whether Dutch, German, or Irish—but I am sure j
it does not belong to the English. 1 never heard j
of such a word beiore, and I think no one else j
ever did, unless those who have this great pio-j
pensity for foreign population. But, sir, that u a j
remark besiue the subject. I
1 object to this clause upon a very substantial !
ground. {Suppose it were proposed that the un- j
settled lands of the United {States should be subject i
to the occupation of citizens, native and naturalized j
There are citizens, native and naturalized, who •
cuulu and would occupy them with thisguaran- j
tee; and it is a guarantee that 1 shall always look j
to—the guarantee of allegiance to the Consutu- '
lion and the institutions oi the couutry. 1 am
peifeciiy willing to allow our institutions to be
moulded by those who arc bound to us by that
tie of allegiance known as one incident, and be-
longing to, a citizen, i am not willing to carry it
further.
1 know it was Mr. Webster's notion that shop-
keepeis in New Yoik and Boston, and hod-car-
riers, couid beconverted into husbandmen. If the
bill could operate m this way, it, would be a pio-
cess highly desirable; but I have not the least idea
that such will be the operation, if, however, you
intend to invite to your Teintories the worthy por-
tion of your citizens, native and naturalized, or if
you intend to invite to the settlement of your land
the worthy portion of those who are foreigners,
let it be by something like the discrimination which
the law recognizes. Now, no man from a foreign
country can become a citizen of the United States
before he takes the oath of allegiance, and takes
the oath to support the Constitution of the United
States; and according to the usage which pre-
vailed in South Carolina—but, perhaps, it is a
usage not universal, or not observed anywhere
else—no one could become a citizen until he not
only swore to support the Constitution of the
United States, and absolved himself from all alle-
giance to any foreign potentate or Power, but until
he brought into court the certificate of three citi-
zens that he was a worthy man.
But,sir, under this section, who may not come j
in? A man may come reeking from the jails and '
poor-houses of Europe. I will go further, and j
say that the deserters upon youi field of battle
may come in—men who foughtagainst those who
won your territories can come and take land with-
out having sworn the oath of allegiance. Yes, sir,
the very deseiters upon the plains of Churubusco,
who shot down your regiments, might come and I
take possession of your lands, to the exclusion of :
those who were more worthy. '
My honorable friend from Iowa [Mr. Dodge] ,
has bestowed praises upon foreigners. As indi- :
viduais, there are many of them of whom he can- !
not speak more highly than I would; but, upon !
the field of battle, I have never known an instance :
of citizens—native-born Americans, or those who |
have become citizens by naturalization—deserting, ;
and fighting against and shooting down their com- I
rades. |
I do not say, sir, that I am not willing to trust j
foreigners. I could individualize them, and select ,
those who would adorn history; but when you !
embrace in your legislation a class of persons j
whom I do not know, who have never been m !
your courts of justice to swear that they wilt sup- \
port the Constitution of the United States, who |
have given you no guarantee that they are citizens, i
and will perform the part of citizens, I cannot \
agree to it. V^hy, you invite anybody, the thief, l!
the robber, burglar, and the desertei; and they I
are to come m on an equality with the sons or j
the descendants of the proudest families that ever I
lived upon eaith. You invite them to take an jl
equal share with you m a common patrimony;!!
won and paid for by your common blood ao,d
common treasure, while the other may have
opposed to you. Notwithstanding this, you males
no distinction; you allow the" deserter to com§jn
and take on an equality with those by whose
blood and treasure the lands were won.
( have no disposition, Mr, President, to dis-
guise my opinion on this subjett, though I know
this foreign influence is strong, is increasing, aud
will become stronger. When foreigners come
fiom abroad, become naturalized, and give the
guarantees inquired by the naturalization laws,rI
will make no distinction between them and other
citizens. I will love the schoolmaster, and those
who formerly came were of that class—men who
won their way to America by their exertions and
industry; not men who have been driven upon
our shores under fallacious, deceptive, or illusive
inducements, which have been held out to them.
1 have no idea of submitting to such a power. I
think it wrong, I am perfectly willing to recog-
nize the political power of naturalized citizens;
but I will never consent to invite immigrants to
come here who have not given any of the guaran-
tees required by the Constitution and laws' of the
country. I am not one of those who fear to defy
such a power, though I know it is an increasing
one, and I apprehend it is one that is courted.,
Well, now, sir, under the provision of the bill,
who will come in ? Will you get the worthy class,
even of foreigners, who have given notice of their
intention to become citizens? Whom \fnll you
get> If you could show me that you would get
only those of this class who are individually
wo! thy, I should not have any objection; but you
are taking a class in which there are some worthy
and many unworthy. Let any gentleman deny
it if he can.
My friend from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] the
other nay made a rernaik, in which he gave what
i thought was a strange reason for the vote which
he intended to give on this amendment. It was
that, because we allowed foreigners who had given
notice of their intention to become citizens of the
United States to vote in moulding the territorial
governments, we should therefore hold out an in-
ducement to foreigners to go there and become
citizens.
Mr. BROWN. No, sir.
Mr. BUTLER. That,l think, was theamount
of it. 1 was opposed to that proposition. I be-
lieved that the institutions of this country ought
to be moulded by the American mind, accustomed
to, and disciplined under, the dominion of English
law. Gentlemen may take exception to what 1
say if they please, but I must say, that excepting
individuals *uch as John Mitchell, and others
whom I might mention, scholars and gentlemen,
the mass of the (ierman, Irish, and otheftforeign
population commg here and going upon your
Territories, do not understand your institutions
as well as one who has been upon your soil, and
has resided here for five years, and is somewhat
accustomed to the operations of your laws. I
was opposed, therefore, to the introduction ofthe
clause referred to by my honorable friend from
Mississippi into the Nebraska bill, which favored
somewhat the doctrines of my honorable friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.] While we were
delegating the power of moulding the institutions
of these Territories, I was willing to trust it to
those who could think through the medium ofthe
Arneiican mind. I went with him very far, when
i was perfectly willing to delegate all the power to
those who were capable of making laws; but when
the proposition was introduced that we should
delegate the power to any body who might settle
upon the lands, I thought it was going too far. I
ultimately agreed to vote for that bill, even with
that clause in It; but now it is proposed to do a
little more than that—to offer a reward to those
foreigners who will go and settle upon your lands,
and vote in moulding the institutions of these
Territories. They are to go out as colonies of
foreigners, and settle upon those new Territories,
and form their institutions. ^
Mr. ATCHISON. 1 wish to call the attention
of the Senator from South Carolina to one fact.
Either he is mistaken,or lam; but if i understand
the bill, it confines these grants or gifts of land to
those lands which are now subject to private entry.
The fact is, there is not one acre of land in any
of the Terutones of the United States, as far as
my knowledge extends, which is subj'ect to private
