846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4,
Mulhn. McQuecn. Maxwell, May, Mavall, John G. Miller,
Smith Miilei. Million, Morrison, Muriay, Andrew Oliver,
j\F<<r<lfc:ii Oii\er, orr, Packer, Peck, Peckham, Phelps,
Phillip", Powell, rrt^fri. Puryear, lleady, "Reer^e, Kiddie,
David Ritchie, Thomas Rttehey, Rohlun*., Ruffin, Sabin.
Seward, iSeymoui, Shannon, Siiaw, Singleton, Geirit
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith. George W. Smyth, Snodgrape, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard H. Stanton, He-tor L. Steven?, David Stuart,
John J. Taylor, John L. Taylor, Nathaniel G. Taylor,
Thui-ton, Tracy, Vail, Vansani, Wal-h, Warren, Tappan
Wentworth, Westbrook, Wheeler, flendrtck B. Wnght,
and ZolhcolTer—1 IB.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
•votmg in the affirmative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent of the House, introduced the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the President of the United State? be
respectfully requested, if nor inconsistent with the public
interest, to tiansmit to this House copies of the correspond-
ence not now communicated of the United States leg/dion
at Constantinople and the United States Consul at Smyrna
with Captain Ingrahani, the Government ot Austria, and of
this Government, together with tnf<tiuetionMrom ibK Gov-
ernment given to their agents abroad touchuiji the seizure
and rescue of Martin I<o«tza, and the terms and conditions
by which he was hbeiated and sent to this country.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I ask the
unanimous consentofthe House to ofFera resolu-
tion under instructions by the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The resolution was then read, as follows:
Resolvcdy That the Committee on the Judiciary be an
thori/.ed to eau.-e to be prepared and printed tor the use of
the lioiw, a history of the claim, and a (nil report of the
trial ot Dr. George A. Gaidmer, upon the chaige (or false
swearing, in the criminal court tor the Dibtnct of Colum-
bia.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move then to suspend the
rules to admit the resolution.
The question was then taken; and the rules
were not suspended.
Mr. WALBRIDGrE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to present cer-
tain resolutions of the Mechanics' Institute of New
York, i wish to know, if objection be made,
whether ! can present them under the rule?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York has a nghtto present them under
the rule.
They were accordingly sent to the Clerk's desk
under the rule.
Mr. JAMES C. ALLEN asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of William
MeCabe; which was rend a first and second time
by its title, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
Mr. FLORENCE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of (he House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Resofred, That the President of the United State*, he re
quesfulto promote Commander Duncan N. lngraham to
the tank of (.iptmii in the Navy ol the United Hta'es, and
th.it the Secretary of the Navy he nI«o (equated to tender
the command ol one of the ve-^els authonzed bv the lull
adding six steamers to the naval forces \v Inch parsed the
Jlou-e on the 31ft of Match, to Commander Duncan N.
lngraham when such vessel may be ready for service.
Mr. LETCHER objected to the introduction of
the resolution.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the rules of
the House be suspended, to allow me to introduce
the resolution just read.
Mr. PRATT, i move that the House do now
adjourn.
*The question was taken on the motion to ad-
journ-, which was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at three o'clock, p. m.,
adjourned till to-morrow at twelve o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 4, J854.
Prayer by Rev. IIen'RY Slicer.
TheJournalof yesterday was read and approved.
PRIVATE BILL.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate to take up a private
bill this morning for the relief of the representa-
tives of Joseph Watson, deceased. It is for the
benefit of a widow lady who is detained in the
city, as I understand, at a great deal of expense
and trouble to herself. She is very desirous of
having the bill passed immediately. I will state
to the Senate, in a word, that the Government has
a claim upon a house and lot of hers, and she asks
that this cloud, as it were, may be taken off her
title, so that she may be able to sell her property
and go away. 1 think the reading of the leport,
if the Senate will allow the bill to be taken up,
will show that it ought to be passed at once.
There being no objection, the bill was read a^
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Solicitor of the Treas
ury to cause to be executed, on the part of the
United States, a full release and acquittance of
their claim against Joseph Watson, as one of tne
sureties of Henry AshtonTate marshal of the
District of Columbia, and that the propetty m the
city of Washington, at present held in trust as se-
curity for the pay merit of the claim, be reconveyed
to his legal representatives free, and discharged
from all such encumbrance, if they release their
claim against the United States for services ren-
dered by Watson, as Indian agent in the Terri-
tory of Michigan.
Watson prelerred a claim against the Govern-
ment. The services for which he asked compen-
sation were rendered and sanctioned by the head
of the territorial government of Michigan, but as
they were perfoimed without any provision by
law regulating the amount to be allowed lor them,
the difficulty appears to have been to ascertain
their exact value. These services seem to have
extended from the year 1806 up to 1812, making
six years, during which Watson performed, when
required to do so, the duties of superintendent
and storekeeper, for which he received no fair
remuneration. In view of the difficulty above
referred to, the committee being desirous to do
justice between the Government and the claimant,
deemed it proper to consider his claim with refer-
ence to an outstanding liability on his part as one
of the securities of Henry Ashton, late marshal
of the District of Columbia.
It appears, from an extract from the docket of
the Solicitor of the Treasury, that at the November
term, 1839, a verdict was rendered in the United
States district court for the District of Columbia,
in the case of James Williams, one of the six sure-
ties of Henry Ashton, in favor of the United
States for $8,279 25. It further appears, from a
letter from the chiefcieik of the office of the Soli-
citor of the Treasury, that in the year 1842, the
representatives of Watson made an arrangement
with the Secretary of the Treasury, by which his
indebtedness .to the United States, as one of the
sureties of Ashton, was secured to the satisfaction
of the Government, and that the debt so secured
amounted to about $1,375. for which a deed of
trust on real estate m this city was executed by
them. Prom a statement made to Mr. Baldwin,
on behalf of the Committee of Claims of the
United States Senate, it appears that of the appro-
priations made for the contingent expenses of the
Territory of Michigan during the years 180G,-'7,
'8,-'9,-'10,-'II, and 1812, there remained in the
Tieasnry, on the 1st of January, 1813, a balance
of #1,050, and that no part of the appropriations
appears "to have been made on account of the
Indian Department, or to Joseph Watson
Taking into consideration the circumstances in
which the liability on the part of Joseph Watson
had its origin, and the fact, admitted upon all
sides, that the services for which compensation is
at present demanded were actually rendered, but
not paid for, whilst a balance of $1,050 of the
appropriations for the contingent expenses of the
Territory of Michigan, nearly the amount of the
liability, remained in theTreasury, the committee
th ink it just that the one should be regarded as an
offset against the other. The indebtedness of
Watson, for which the property of his represent-
atives is held bound, originated in an act of kind-
ness on his part, from which neither he nor his
representatives have ever derived any benefit;
and it would seem nothing more than equitable
that his services, faithfully rendered, should be
received in discharge of that indebtedness. If
his appointment had been under a law of Con-
gress, there could have been no difficulty in allow-
ing his salary in discharge of the claim against
him as surety of Henry Ashton. The Hon.
Lewis Cass, who succeeded, at the end of the
war of 1812, to the duties of Superintendent of
Indian Affairs, has stated, in a letter on file anions:
the papers, that the office which the petitioner held
" was essential to the public service—that the
duties were ably and zealously performed;" and
" that it was impossible for the Superintendent to
discharge personally the various duties required of
him by law; and, in point of fact, he always
understood that a large portion of them was
discharged by Colonel Watson."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Southboro', Massachusetts, remonstrating
against any act of Congress, in the organization
of Nebraska, which shall permit the introduction
of slavery into territory from which it was ex-
cluded by the Missouri compromise; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Alao,a petition signed by women of New Eng-
land, praying Congress to refrain from legalizing
slavery in the Territory of Nebraska; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
petition of citizens of Baskenridge, Somerset
county, New Jersey, praying Congress to enact
such laws as will tend to secure religious freedom
to American citizens residing or traveling abroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. WELLER presented a memorial of the
officers of the United States Army, stationed at
Fort Yuma, California, praying an increase of pay;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of in-
habitants of the city of Portland, Maine, praying
that the present rates of ocean postage may be re-
duced to the uniform charge of two cents; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Also, a petition signed by legal voters in the
town of Sanford, county of York, Maine, protest-
ing against the passage of what is known as the
" Nebraska bill," by which it is proposed to le-
galize slavery in the Territories of Nebraska and
Kansas; which was ordeied to lie on the table.
Mr. WxADE presented a petition of citizens of
Butler county, Ohio, praying that the public lands
may be granted in limited quantities to actual set-
tlers: which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of the fac-
ulty of Mississippi College, praying that a town-
ship of land may be granted to each incorporated
college or university in the United S'ates; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of
Moses Noble, agent for the owners of certain
fishing vessels, praying that the Secretary of the
Treasury may be authorized to adjust the claims
of the owners thereof, to fishing bounty, which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, in pursuanceof previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill for the relief of William Noot; which was
read a first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED-
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Nancy Bowen
he withdrawn from the file* of the Senate, and referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. MASON. The morning business, I be-
lieve, is through. I move, therefore, that the Sen-
ate now proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
Mr. EVANS. I do not intend to interfere with
theSenatorfrom Virginia, but there is a bill on the
table 
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to interfere with
the Senator from South Carolina, but I know the
bill which he proposes to take up. I suppose it
is the one in reference to revolutionary claims.
Mr. EVANS. I do not propose to take it up
at this time; but I rise to say that I should be
gratified if sometime could be fixed for its consid-
eration. I move, if it be in order, that it be made
the special order for one hourto-morrow morning.
I do not wish to interfere with the Executive busi-
ness.
Mr. MASON. As far as I am concerned per-
sonally, I should have no objection to that; but I
would suggest to the Senator, that by next week
