im
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
believe; he did nothing to put himself under the
segis of American protection. Buteven if hehad,
the question then would have been presented
whether we would make a fuss over the arrival of
such a man. I did not think there was anything
in the case to justify the fuss. When Koszta came
here he declared his intention to become an
American citizen. He came herewith a purpose,
declared in open court, to put himself under the
protection of American laws, and with an inten-
tion of securing American rights. But Koszta,
after coming here, went back to Europe, and an
attempt was made to seize on him illegally in a
neutral port. Well, gentlemen may say that that
was a matter for Turkey to resent, and that we
had no right to interfere, even though he was
clothed with our nationality.
Sir, 1 recollect that in our intercourse with Mex-
ico, a British-born subject, naturalized as an
American citizen, claimed the protection of the
British Minister, in the city of Mexico, from ille-
gal violence. He went, mortifying as the fact is,
not to the American Minister, but to the British
Minister. The British Minister approached the
Mexican Government, and said, this man has been
wronged, and reparation must be made; and simi-
lar wrongs must not be perpetrated in future.
The Mexican Government said we could not help
it—the outrage was committed by a revolutionary
mob, and we are not responsible for it.
The reply of the British Minister was, "if you
cannot help it, Great Britain caji." You are to
protect him " on your own soil, and in your own
capital, but if you cannot, we can." And in so
replying he only gave utterance to what is the
law of nations. I want it to be not only the law
of nations with Great Britain, but 1 want it to be
the law of nations with America. If any one
clothed with our nationality be in any place where
the authorities cannot or will not protect him, I
want the American Government to reply as the
British Minister did: "If you do not protect him
we will." When a foreign state declares their
inability to protect, then our right begins.
We have not said in the resolutions that Koszta
was entitled to protection as an American citi-
zen. He was not; but I do not want my argu-
ment to have any connection with the resolutions.
Let the resolutions speak for themselves. Mr.
Marcy does not contend, nor does anybody else,
that he was entitled to protection as an American
citizen; but we do contend that Austria had no
right to act as she did, through her officer. He
was not on Austrian, but on Turkish territory. If
we have done any wrong it is to Turkey; but
Turkey does not complain. He had been clothed
with our nationality, and being so, the very mo-
ment that the American commander saw the local
authorities would not afi'ord the protection to
which he was entitled, and which civil authorities
would have given him if he bad been in New
York instead of Smyrna, he knew the perform-
ance of his duties commenced to act as he did.
What do you want with a navy? We know
what we want with our Army. It is to take care
of the Indians; and I believe that is all it is occu-
pied in; and how usefully, the country can deter-
mine. What do you want with a navy ? What!
are you to go to all the expense of retaining
squadrons in foreign ports, if they are to do noth-
ing in any emergency, and in a case like this to
await instructions >—if they are, to use a homely
expression, to lock the door when the steed is
stolen? 1 do not like the standing instructions
given to our naval officers. Our naval officers
are prohibited, by the standing instructions,from
talking. There is a gag law on them. I like that.
I am not for their talking. Let gentlemen look
into those instructions and see what they really
are. The officers have followed them heretofore,
too literally. Captain Ingraham has carried them
out in the proper spirit, and that is a good founda-
tion for this movement. The gentleman from
Alabama says that he has no sympathy with this
constantly voting of thanks; that it is makmgthem
cheap. Well, in that 1 sympathize with him.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. The gentleman
misapprehended me. I said that, as a man, I would
be prepared to give Captain Ingraham my thanks
and sympathy for the gallantry of his conduct
and the chivalry of his nature; but that I doubted
the propriety of thanks as a national act.
Mr. BAYLY. It is because this is proposed
to be a national act that I think it proper. The i
gentleman from Alabama the other day delib-
erately voted a resolution of thanks to General
Wool, principally for his conduct at the battle of
Buena Yista. He did not then propose to assign
all the reasons for his vote, and go into all of the
reasoning's about the justice and necessity of the
Mexican war. That is the way he voted. Let
us compare Captain Ingraham's conduct to that
of General Wool. What did General Wool do?
He did hisduty, nobly and manfully, with courage
and gallantry. He incurred no other risk or re-
sponsibility, however, than that danger which the
soldier covets. If he fell, he fell with honor, and
doubly blessed. If he conquered, he had in store
for him the applause of the nation. No risk was
incurred of his being dismissed from the service.
No risk did he incur of being brought before
civilians with hours and weeks and months to
investigate and to examine whether the law was
with him or not. He had a plain path of duty
before him. There was no difficulty or doubt,
about it. He could not hestitate or doubt. I do not
mean to say he would have hesitated or doubted if
there had been any responsibility attached to his
duty. But there was none. He incurred a risk
which was a soldier's pride. That was all.
But what was Captain Ingraham's case? He,
a military man, was doing a civil act; he, a mili-
tary man, was deciding on a legal question. If
he decided wrongly, lie was in danger of being
censured by his Government. And if that errone-
ous legal decision had led to mischief, if he had not
been broken from the rank he held, he would have
been execrated. He had to act on a delicate occa-
sion, m a matter in which civilians here, who have
bad time and opportunity to examine it, are doubt-
ful as to whether his conduct was right. But he
consulted his heart—that South Carolinian heart
which beats in his bosom—without going to pre-
cedents and musty authorities. And yet, when civ-
ilians come to examine it, they say that the impulse
of the heart was in accordance with principles of
national law.
He not entitled to our thanks! And we thank
General Wool, and with the vote of the gentleman
from Alabama! [Mr. Smith.] Not thank Cap-
tain Ingraham in a case of this sort! Gentlemen,
this is not a case of mere physical courage; that is
a common quality; and when you find a deficiency
m it, it is the exception, and not the rule. But
moral courage is rare; and when you find an emi-
nent instance of it, it should be marked and hon-
ored.
Mr. Chairman, I never take notes of a debate,
and I do not know that I have touched on all the
points which have been raised. I have avoided
especially and by design, any reply to the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Smith.] Everybody here knows, without" my
saying it, that there is no analogy m the case of a
legal capture and detention and that of an illegal
capture and detention. The distinction is too
broad between the cases to require illustration.
He is in favor of violating law in obedience to false
and morbid sympathy. We are in favor of sus-
taining'law—national law—and complimenting the
gallantry which sustains it.
This is not an ordinary case. As I said in the
few remarks I made, when interrupting myfriend
from South Carolina, [Mr. Ore.,] that our Gov-
ernment, m this matter of Captain Ingraham, has
taken a new departure, and hence it is that I want
the American Congress to applaud what he has
done. I am tired of submitting to everything;
and when we have done so,going to other nations
begging for damages. We want errors commit-
ted, if committed at all, the other way. If there
is to be any question of damages, I want to be
defendant.
Mr. CLINGMAN. We have been plaintiffs
long enough.
Mr.^BAYLY. My friend from North Carolina
[Mr. Chj.giman] says we have been plaintiffs long
enough. That is what I was saying. With nations,
as with individuals, the fear of a tardy verdict for
damages for wrongs committed is not always the
best security against them.
Mr. PERKINS, of Louisiana, here obtained
the floor, but yielded to
Mr. BOCOCK, who moved that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 6, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
expekses of military establishments.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmitting
a statement of the expenditures during the year
1853, from the appropriation for " Contingent
Expenses of the Military Establishments;" which
was read, and ordered to belaid upon the table, and
printed.
captain gunnison's survey.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, in compliance with a resolution of the House
of Representatives of the22d ultimo,transmitting
a report of the Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers, containing all the information relative to
Captain Gunnison's survey in the possession of the
War Department; which was read, and ordered,
to be laid upon the table, and printed.
herndon and gibbon's reports.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
read and adopted:
Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the mem-
bers of this House, ten thousand extra copies of the report
of the Secretary of the Navy, communicating the reports
of the explorations of the river Amazon and its tributaries,
made by Lieutenant^ Hemdon and Gibbon, with the ac-
companying maps and plates.
estimates for rivers and harbors.
The SPEAKER. On the 31st of December
last, by the unanimous consent of the House, the
further consideration of a letter from the Secretary
of War, transmitting a memorandum explanatory
of the estimates for rivers and harbors, was post-
poned until this day. There are two motions
pending in relation to it; one to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and another to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. FULLER. Which is the first question in
order?
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FULLER. It will be recollected by the
House that the subject is already before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, on a resolution of inquiry,
introduced by the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Dunbar.] The Committee on Commerce are en-
gaged in an inquiry into that subject; and it strikes
me that this is a subject which should appropriately
go to that committee, and falls within the class of
inquiries embraced in that resolution of inquiry.
But if it be the opinion of this House that the sub-
ject-matter of the Secretary's letter would be more
appropriately referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals, then I think it is proper for the Com-
mittee on Commerce to ask to be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject already re-
ferred to them. I hope, however, that it will be
allowed to take the direction I have intimated, and
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
One remark further; when this subject was be-
fore the House on a former occasion, in reply to
a statement made by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] with reference to the character
of former bills reported from the same committee,
to this House, 1 made some allegations, merely
intending to meet the objection then made, and
said that that committee had considered all sec-
tions of the country in relation to appropriations.
I was not in the House when the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Ewing] made some remarks
alluding to the Committee on Commerce; for, as
chairman of that committee, I was engaged in in-
vestigating and obtaining information from the
Departments in relation to this subject. If the
gentleman from Kentucky had listened fully to
the remarks made upon this subject, he would
have spared that committee some of the censure
which he cast upon it. I will not take up the
time of the House by further allusion to his re-
marks; and I hope that the subject will take the
course indicated.
Mr. MILLSON. I would like to hear the re-
port of the committee read.
The SPEAKER. It is a communication from
the Secretary of War, which will be read for the
information of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON." I notice that myfriend from
