1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
we shall probably have disposed of the business
in Executive session; and if he will allow his bill
to go over until that time, he will have an oppor-
tunity to have it disposed of then. I think the bill
will engender debate, and probably protracted de-
bate. I suggest, therefore, to the Senator that it
would be better, perhaps, to let it lie over until next
week.
Mr. EVANS. Then I move to take up the
bill to which 1 refer, for the purpose of making
it the special order for next Monday.
The motion was agreed to, and the Senate re-
sumed, as in Committee of the Whole, the con-
sideration of the bill "to provide for the final
settlement of the claims of the officers of the Rev-
olutionary Army, and of the widows and orphan
children of those who died in the service."
On motion by Mr. EVANS, it was
Ordered, That its further consideration be postponed to,
and made the order of the day for, Monday next.
STEAM FRIGATE BILL.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. McKean, its Chief Clerk,
announcing that they had passed a bill to authorize
the construction of six steam frigates, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read a first time, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. GWIN. That is identical with the bill
which has passed the Senate. I hope, therefore,
that there will be no objection to its immediate
consideration and passage.
The bill was read a second time by unanimous
consent, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being proposed, it was
reported to the Senatewithout amendment,ordered
to a third reading, was read a third time, and
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill regulating the pay of deputy
postmasters; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Also, that the House had passed a bill to repeal
part of an act entitled " An act to provide for the
safe-keeping of the acts, records, and seal of the
United States, and for other purposes;" which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jlpril 4, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Hf.vry Slicer.
The J oum al of y esterday was read and appro ved.
NEW MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received
numerous communications from the Legislative
Council of New Mexico. If it be the pleasure of
the House, I will present them to the body.
Several Members. Yes.
The SPEAKER. These memorials and reso-
lutions relate to various subjects, some to thecon-
struction of roads; some to the preservation of the
public documents of the Territory; some to the
erection of public buildings. If it be the pleasure
of the House, they will be referred to the several
appropriate committees.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move that the petitions
be referred to the various appropriate committees,
and that they be printed.
It was so ordered.
THE COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
a member of the Committee on Enrolled Bills is
not present at this time, and that there is, there-
fore, a pressing necessity for the appointment of
one additional member to that committee. The
Chair would, at the same time, suggest that it
might be as well to appoint two additional mem-
bers, in order to meet the contingencies of the ses-
sion. Is it the pleasure of the House that two
additional members be added to the Committee on
Enrolled Bills?
The Members generally assented.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will understand
the House as having unanimously ordered the
appointment of two additional members to that
committee.
CLAIMS OF MARYLAND.
Mr. MAY. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to permit me to present a memorial from
the State of Maryland, that it may be referred to
the Judiciary Committee, and printed. It is the
memorial of the special agents of the State of
Maryland asking for the reimbursement of the
State for her " advances" to the United States in
1792 and 1793.
There being no objection, the memorial was
referred to the Judiciary Committee, and ordered
to be printed.
ESTIMATES FROM DEPARTMENTS.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I have re-
ceived from the Department of the Interior a large
amount of estimates; and 1 ask that they may be
laid upon the table, and printed.
It was so ordered.
POSTPONEMENT OF THE GRADUATION BILL.
Mr. COCB. Mr. Speaker, I would not en-
croach upon the time of the House at this time,
but from necessity. I desire to make a motion,
before we resolve ourselves into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, for the pur-
pose of accomplishing an object which, I believe,
the House of Representatives almost entirely
favor.
To-day, Mr. Speaker, we have a special order
of the House to consider the bill to graduate and
reduce the price of the public lands. It seems to
be the wish of a large majority of the House—at
all events of those with whom I have consulted
on the subject—that this special order be postponed
until this day two weeks, so as to give every gen-
tleman in the House an opportunity of investiga-
ting the matter fully, fairly, and properly; and
further, to enable them toget clear of the other busi-
ness before them. The deficiency bill must come
up, and ought to be disposed of first. If, there-
! fore, it be the unanimous consent of the House
that this special order should be postponed for
two weeks, I have no objection at all to that ar-
rangement. If it be the pleasure of the House,
I will now make a motion to that effect, before we
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; because, unless the motion is made
now, we will not be able to accomplish the desired
object after the House has gone into committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Oh, no; let it not be
postponed. These special orders are always in
the way; and we may as well go to this one at one
time as at another.
Mr. COBB. I have indicated my desire to have
it postponed; butas 1 find I cannot have the unan-
imous consent of the House, I give notice to the
House, that immediately after we resolveourselves
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, I will proceed to discuss this graduation
bill. It is the first business to come up; and I
trust that every gentleman will send into the docu-
ment room and procure a copy of the bill, so that
he may fully understand what we have before us.
I made the motion to postpone; but as objection
has been made, I am ready to take up the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I conceive
that it is m order for the House to postpone this
special order. According to the practice of the
present Speaker, during the last session of Con-
gress, we have more than once, during the last
Congress, postponed a special order from one day
to the other. 1 hold, therefore, that my colleague
[Mr. Cobb] has the right to make the motion to
postpone. We have already, in fact, postponed
this very special order this session.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the bill
is not before the House at all.
Mr. COBB. No; it could not be before the
House, as it has been made a special order, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, we have al-
ready postponed this very special order at this
session.
The SPEAKER. That was, however, by the
unanimous consent of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not know whether it
was by unanimous consent or not; but, at all
events, it was postponed, and it has been frequently
ruled by the Chair that it is in the power of the-
House, if the majority vote in favor of it, to post-.
pone a special order. The House has the control.
over the bill. s
The SPEAKER. If the bill were before the
House the motion would be in order, and it would "
be a necessary consequence that the majority could
direct the postponement. But it is not now before '
the House; and therefore it is that the Chair thinks
the motion to postpone is not in order. . .
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the Chair allow me to ,
say this: This bill, it is true, is not before the
House; but, by the special order of the House, it
is before the Committee of the Whole. The
House, however, has control over it still, and can
postpone the special order.
The SPEAKER. That was done under a sus-
pension of the rules, for the express purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Under a suspension of th,e.
rules it is true, but the House can postpone this.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that it is
not competent for the House to postpone the con-
sideration of a special order, if objection be made.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. As a gen-
tleman has the floor to-day in Committee of the
Whole, and as he is anxious to speak for the rea-
son that he desires to leave the city soon, I will
waive my objection, and consent that the bill be
postponed for one day.
Mr. COBB. As far as I am concerned, I am
willing to take up the bill to-day; but I made the
motion for the accommodation of the House, in
order that members may have an opportunity to
examine it before acting upon it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then make the motion
now.
Mr. COBB. I move that it be postponed for
this day two weeks.
Mr. DAWSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Alabama that he should make the
day of postponement four weeks instead of two.
Mr. COBB. Then there will be an objection.
Mr. WENTWORTH,of Illinois. I will con-
sent to a postponement for a week.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I suggest to the
gentleman that he move to postpone its consider-
ation indefinitely. [Laughter.!
Mr. COBB. I am much obliged to the gentle-
man,but I must respectfully decline his suggestion.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to a post-
ponement for two weeks ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I consented to one
week's delay.
Mr. COBB. Then I make my motion to post-
pone for one week.
Mr. DAWSON. 1 object to one week.
REPORTS FROM LAND COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made, and the
motion is not in order. The first business in or-
der is reports from committees, commencing with
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WARREN. I hold in my hand several
petitions from the Committee on Public Lands,
1 which 1 am directed to report back to the House
' adversely, and move that they be laid upon the
1 table.
! The petitions were accepted, and ordered to lie
upon the table. They were as follows:
The petition of the soldiers of the war of 1812,
of Fairfax county, Connecticut, for one hundred
and sixty acres of bounty land;
The petition of Alfred W. and Solomon Gil-
lett, for bounty lands;
The petition of the residents and citizens of.
Kings county, the grand jury, the officers of the
5th brigade of the New York militia, the Mayor
and Common Council of Brooklyn, and of one
thousand four hundred and sixteen citizens of the
city and county of New York, ask for the exten-
sion of the bounty land act, passed September 28,
1850; and .
The resolution of the Legislature of the State
of Pennsylvania, praying Congress to grant one
hundred and sixty acres of land to the soldiers of
the war of 1812. .
Mr. DAWSON. I withdraw, Mr. Chairman,
the objection which I made to the motion of the
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr Cobb,] to postpone
the consideration of the special order for one week.
No objection being made to the motion,\ the
consideration of the bill was, by unanimous con-
sent, postponed for one week.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Pennsylvania. I a*k the
