848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 4.
unanimous consent of the House to present a
report thii morning from the Committee on the
.Judiciary, not with a view of having it acted upon,
> but for the purpose of having it referred.
Mr. ORR. I object, and call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. WRIGHT. I make the request now, be-
cause [ am obliged to leave the city soon.
Mr. ORR. i withdraw my objection.
Mr. EDGERTON. I renew the objection.
Objection being made, the report was not ad-
mitted .
Mr. LATHAM, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported bills; which were read a first
and second time by their titles, as follows, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union:
A bill to establish the office of surveyor general
of New Mexico, to grant donations to actual set-
tlers therein, and for other purposes;
A bill to amend an act approved September 27,
1852, to create an office of surveyor general of
the public lands in Oregon, &c., and also the act
amendatory thereof, approved February 19,1853;
and
A bill to establish an office of surveyor general
of Utah, to grant donations to actual settlers there-
in, and for other purposes.
_ Mr. HIESTER, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported adversely upon the following
petitions; which were laid upon the table, and the
committee discharged from their further consider-
ation:
Of the heirs of Colonel Samuel French, of the
State of Massachusetts, asking for commutation
and bounty land;
Of Martha Gray, widow of Captain Robert
Gray, the discoverer of the Columbia river, asking
for relief; and
Of Elizabeth Hall, widow of Sergeant John
Hall, late a soldier of the revolutionary army,
praying for a grant of land in lieu of military
land warrants, &c.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported adversely upon the following pe-
titions; which were laid upon the table, and the
committee discharged from their further consider-
ation :
Of George Heavenridge and one hundred and
eighty-one others, citizens of Union county, In-
diana, in favor of granting lands to actual settlers,
and against their sale to speculators; and of citi-
zens of Alabama, for the removal of the land
office from Spuria, in said State.
Mr. C. remarked, in reference to the former
petition, that a general law had been passed cover-
ing the case.
Mr. COBB. I now desire to report, from the
Committee on Public Lands, n bill founded upon
a petition referred to that committee, which 1 ask
may be read a first and second time; and then 1
hope the House will indulge me in having it put
upon its passage. It is a bill to authorize the
selection of sixteenth sections within the limits of
the twelve miles square reservation in the State of
Alabama.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title, and then read through.
It provides that the school commissioners in
the Huntsville district, Alabama, be authorized
to select lespectiveiy, by legal subdivisions, from
any of the surveyed public lands, the quantity, as
near as may be, contained in the sixteenth sections
of townships within the twelve miles square re-
servation; which selections, upon being approved
by the Secretary of the Interior, shall be holden
by the same tenure, and for the same terms, for
the support of schools in said townships as the
sections numbered sixteen, within the said reser-
vation would have been, had not treaty stipula-
tions made other disposition thereof.
Mr. COBB. I hope the House will bear with
me for a few moments when I inform them that I
have not lost a vote during this Congress; that 1
have been constant upon my attendance upon the
sessions of the House, and upon those of its com-
mittees, thereby furthering the business of the
House as much as it has been in my power to do.
] have not missed one sitting of the Committee on
Public Lands, of which I am a member, nor have
I missed a sitting of the Pacific Railroad Com-
mittee, of which 1 am also a member. I have not
made,nor do lintend to make, any hour speeches.
1 do not trouble the House often with any re-
marks; but when I do, I intend always that such
remarks shall be pertinent to the measures under
consideration. In view of these facts, I think I
have the right to ask the House to hear me pa-
tiently for a few minutes this morning in relation
to the bill which is now before the House.
Mr. KERR. I rise to a question of order. I
wish simply to inquire if debate is strictly in order
upon this bill?
The SPEAKER. It is strictly in order.
Mr. COBB. 1 am most certainly in order; but
I will not trouble the House for more than five
minutes. When the State of Alabama was ad-
mitted into the Union, I find that every section of
the public lands numbered sixteen was set apart
for educational purposes. I also find that by the
stipulations of a treaty with the Chickasaw In-
dians in 1819, there was a section of country
twelve miles square set apart for school purposes.
These lands were to be sold, and the proceeds
applied for educational purposes among the In-
dians.
The sixteenth sections of other lands which I am
now asking in lieu thereof are found to be in that
twelve miles square. Some years ago, when that
portion of land was sold by theGeneial Government
for the benefit of the Indians, the Government,
from some cause or other, believed that the citi-
zens of the respective townships were entitled
to th^jsixteenth sections. It did not sell them.
Those citizens have been enjoying their benefits
for that number of years. Two years ago the
question arose in relation to the right of the citi-
zens to those sixteenth sections. Ft was brought
before the Department, which decided that, inas-
much as by treaty stipulations it was agreed the !
twelve miles square should be disposed of for the
benefit of the Indian tribes, the sixteenth sections
therein could not be exempted. Then you per-
ceive the difficulty that now exists. The citizens,
after having been in possession of those sections
for twenty-five years, are now decided not to be
entitled to them.
We find that a law, enacted in 1826, authorizes
the citizens of townships, where there are no six-
teenth sections by grants of land or otherwise, to
select other lands in lieu thereof. You have, then,
the whole matter summed up. What do 1 ask?
Only that the citizens of the townships to which
I have referred, shall, by their proper authorities,
be authorized to locate other lands in lieu of those
of which they have been deprived by regular sub-
division. They ought to have that privilege. If
they are required to locate their land in conformity
with the act which I hold in my hand, they will
be forced to locate each sixteenth section in a solid
body. If they are so required, as I stated on a
former occasion, they lose the benefit of the grant
to a great extent, and get but little land. The bill
merely authorizes them to locate the sixteenth
sections by regular subdivision, and as small a
quantity as forty acres. You know that their
interest will induce them to locate in larger tracts,
if possible.
1 will make no further remarks. The justness
of the provisions of the bill is evident; but, as an
equivalent, if the House grant me the favor I ask,
I promise that the Committee on Public Lands
will instantly passoff, and report no other railroad
bills until called again. I trust the House will
pass the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, the bill was
read a third time, and passed.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back a bill to amend an act enti-
tled "an act to authorize the correction of erro-
neous locations of military land warrants by
actual settlers on the public land, in certain
cases," with an amendment; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HIESTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report adversely on
the petition of George Nix, who was a soldier in
the revolutionary war, and as a member of the
Virginia Line, entitled to acres of land in
the now fertile State of Kentucky. In ignorance
of his rights, he neglected to apply for it, and is
now informed that it is too late to do it. The
committee conceive that there ore many others in
the same situation with the petitioner; and regard
the subject as one of general rather than special
legislation. They therefore, as I have said, direct
me to report adversely on it, and to move that it
be laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. BENNETT, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill; which was read a
first and second time by its title, as follows:
A bill to equalize the grants of lands tor the sev-
eral States for certain public purposes.
Mr. ORR. I rise to a question of order. I
understand that this is not a report from the com-
mittee at all.
Mr. BENNETT. Yes it is.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, and reports this bill from that committee.
Mr. BENNETT. I will state to the Chair how
the fact is. The committee directed the bill to be
reporied back, but a majority of the committee
recommend that it do not pass; a minority rec-
ommend its passage, and I desire to take the sense
of the House as to which of those recommenda-
tions shall be supported by the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York what is the report of ihe
Committee on Public Lands, whether it is that the
bill lie upon the table or that it be passed ?
Mr. BENNETT. I will state to the gentleman
that there are two reports.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, what is the report
of the committee, that is of the majority, of
course?
Mr. BENNETT. The recommendation ofthe
majority is, that the bill do not pass, but the mi-
nority recommend its passage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I ask ;he gentle-
man what motion he makes with reference to the
bill, in accordance with the direction of the com-
mittee ?
Mr. BENNETT. I make this motion with
regard to the bill. I move to put it upon its
passage, but I do not mean to spend any time
on it. If the House will permit me, I will state
precisely what the bill is, and what I propose to
do with it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to make an
inquiry of the gentleman. I wish to know if
this bill was referred by the House to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands or not?-
Mr. BENNETT. It was. _
Mr. JONES. Or was it originated by the com-
mittee?
Mr. BENNETT. It was referred to the com-
mittee, but the bill which I have reported is not
precisely the bill which was referred to the com-
mitlee. It has been changed in some respects.
Mr. JONES. Then, thegentleman reports back
the bill which was referred?
Mr. BENNETT. No; I report it back with an
alteration.
Mr. JONES. Then it is a substitute, and the
gentleman should report back the original bill with
a recommendation that it be substituted. I will
make a question of order on the gentleman. It
seems, from what the gentleman says, that this is
not the bill which was referred to the committee,
and I submit this point to the Chair, that thecom-
nnttee has no right to report back a bill with a
substitute or with an amendment, and recommend
the rejection of that bill.
Mr. BENNETT. This precise question was
raised during the last Congress when I presented
a similar bill.
Mr. JONES. No, sir; let me correct the gen-
tleman. Last year when the bill was reported,
the question was made that it had never been re-
ferred by the House to the committee. In this
case, however, a bill was referred by the House
to the committee,and, as I understand the gentle-
man from New York, he reports back a different
bill and recommends its rejection.
Mr. COBB. No; the gentleman is mistaken as
to the fact. The bill was referred to the com-
mittee and is reported back.
Mr. JONES. Will the Clerk read the bill which
has been reported ?
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from
New York be kind enough to state what the com-
mittee reports ?
Mr. BENNETT. I will state the facts to the
Chair. The bill as prepared by me, and referred
