THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, APRIL 8, 1854.
New Series....No. 54.
to the committee, contained a provision looking to
all the States, and regarding the public lands as,
to some extent, the property of all. The commit-
tee believe that the bill was put in a shape which
would be the least objectionable. It is not an
amendment or a substitute, but it is a mere change
of the bill itself in one respect.
Mr. JONES. I wish to inquire if the original
bill is reported back, with a recommendation that
it be amended in a particular way ?
Mr. BENNETT. 1 wish to state further, that
if this bill is ruled out of order, I shall ask to pre-
sent the original bill. I will detain the House but
a short time.
Mr. JONES. I understand that it is not the
original bill; and I contend that they cannot retain
the original bill which was referred to the commit-
tee, and make a report of a different bill; because
it becomes an act of introduction, and cannot be
done without the unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER. That is very true. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] may re-
port an amendment by order of the committee, or
a substitute for the original bill; but he cannot
retain the original bill, and base another, and a
very different bill, upon it.
Mr. BENNETT. It is the same bill as the
original, with a slight exception.
[A message was here received from the Senate
by the hand of Asbbry Dickins, Esq., their
Secretary, informing the House that that body
had passed a bill of this House entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of six first class steam-
frigates;" and also a bill of this House entitled "An
act for the relief of James M. Goggin;" and asking
the concurrence of the House therein.]
Mr. JONES. I wish to have the question de-
cided. I understand that this is not the bill which
was referred to the committee by the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York can state how the fact is in regard to this
matter. The Chair decides that the Committee on
Public Lands have the right to originate bills, but
he also decides that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] cannot report a bill from the
Committee on Public Lands, based upon or in lieu
of the one referred to that committee, and still
retain the original one.
Mr. ORR. I understand that the Committee on
Public Lands have not recommended this amend-
ment at all.
Mr. BENNETT. They have recommended it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understands it.
Mr. BENNETT. I beg leave to correct the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Okr.] A
majority of the committee recommended the alter-
ation, and they have not gone beyond the princi-
ples of either bill in the aggregate.
Mr. JONES. I submit this further question.
That the committee cannot report the original bill
with an amendment, as a substitute, and recom-
mend the rejection of the bill itself, which was
referred to them.
Mr. GREY. I merely desire to say one word.
The gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,]
as I understand him, says that this bill was pre-
sented to the House, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. That committee agreed
to some slight alteration, or recommended some
Blight alteration, in that bill. They now report
it back to the House with that alteration in it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] can report that bill back
now.
Mr. BENNETT. If the Chair pleases, I pro-
pose to report the original bill back; and I ask
the Chair whether it would be in order to otter
an amendment?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York can offer any amendment, if he desires it.
Mr. JONES. Has the gentleman from New
York authority to report the original bill back
without amendments?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir, or the other. A
majority of the committee prefer the other bill,
and it was agreed that we should report the other
54
bill, without the original. I am willing to report
the original bill.
Mr. JONES. I wish to make this inquiry of
the gentleman from New York, for I want to have
the question right before the House. Does the
gentleman report that bill back from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands without amendment?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes.
Mr. JONES. And recommend its rejection ?
Mr. BENNETT. Yes; we recommend its re-
jection; but I propose to offer an amendment or
substitute for it.
Mr. JONES. Well, but the recommendation
of the committee is that the bill be rejected.
The SPEAKER. Still it is competent for the
House to follow a different direction.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to inquire of the
Chair how much of the morning hour remains
unexpired ?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will ex-
pire at fifteen minutes after one o'clock.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish to give the House an
opportunity to see in print this bill which the com-
mittee recommends to be rejected, and the one
which I shall offer as an amendment or substitute
for it; and for that reason 1 wish to detain the
House until the morning hour expires in making an
explanation of what the bill is. I wish to make a
motion, so as not to have the bill laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from New York as submitting a
proposition to amend the bill. The Chair did not
distinctly hear the gentleman's proposition.
Mr. BENNETT. 1 meantto say that 1 wished
to make a few remarks as to this bill, and then let
it go over till to-morrow morning, so that it may
appear in print; and I shall offer at the proper time
—and do offer now—a substitute or amendment
to the bill; and I hope that both will be printed,
so that both may be legitimately before the House.
And now, Mr. Speaker, before going into any
report on this bill, I wish to make a motion to
refer 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Will the gen-
tleman from New York allow the Chair to set
himself right, so that there may be no mistake
about the matter. The Chair understands the
gentleman from New York as offering the first
paper, which he sent to the Clerk's table, as an
amendment or substitute to the original bill which
he reports back from the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. BENNETT. Yes, sir; the Chair under-
stands aright. •
I wish, also, Mr. Speaker, to make a motion to
refer this bill back, after it is amended, to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; which I do for the pur-
pose of saving it from being laid on the table. I
therefore, before I commence my explanatory
remarks, move to recommit the bill back to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer will be
entered.
Mr. BENNETT. I wish, Mr. Speaker, to
occupy the morning hour, so that the bill and
substitute proposed may be printed and placed
in the hands of members to-morrow morning;
and will therefore state to this House what the
bill is. It asserts a principle that 1 supported m
the last Congress, and for which I am an earnest
advocate now, that the public lands belong to all
the States of the Union; that they were granted or
purchased for the benefit of all, and should be
used for their common benefit. I am not among
the number who deny the power of Congress to
grant lands to the States for railroads, or any
other public purpose, or who believe that it is not
expedient to make such grants, if equally and
fairly made, in a proper manner, and to a proper
extent. Yet, while 1 admit this, I claim that there
should be some fairness and equality in the way
these lands are distributed for public purposes to
the several States; that if we give land to the State
of Illinois for railroads, there would be no justice
in our withholding it from the State of Iowav If
we give land to build railroads to the State, of
Missouri, we cannot in justice refuse to give it to
the State of Wisconsin to a like amount, and for
the same purpose.
There should be some equality and justice ob-
served even among the land States themselves in
the amount of these grants. There are some two
or three of these land States to which grants of
public lands have been made to the amount of
two, three, or four millions of acres each, to aid
in constructing railroads. The others, on the con-
trary, have not received any such grants. I am
willing to give to all of the land States grants to
an equal amount, on fair and just principles, for
this purpose, if justice is also done to the old
States; but if we give to them all at that rate, we
should exhaust a great portion of the public lands;
and that which belongs equally to all would be
given unequally to a few, unless some equal and
just plan is adopted, or some general bill is passed.
There should be some principle of justice and
equality in these grants or gifts of the public
lands to the States; the old States should have
their share in some form, or, at least some share,
before we go on with this system. That form, of
course, should be the one least objectionable, by
which they should receive a like benefit, by grants
to them from the public lands for similar pur-
poses—if not to an equal amount—as are bestowed
upon the other States.
In the last Congress I introduced a bill looking
to this object. It was passed by the House, but
was not acted upon in the Senate. It provided
for giving to the old States public lands, at the
rate of one hundred and fifty thousand acres for
each Senator and Representative in Congress
from those States. It also provided for giving to
those States which had not received grants of land
for railroads, lands to an amount as nearly equal
as possible to that which had been granted to the
State of Illinois—the State which has received tho
largest amount for that purpose, of any State in
the Union.
This bill, or thesubstitute which I now propose,
contains the same principle, but is not the same in
its detail, or in the manner of accomplishing the
object in view. Those western States which have
not received grants for roads, say that they have
already, by law, received the grants for schools.
Every sixteenth (in some of the States every six-
teenth and thirty-sixth) section is given to them
for that purpose. They now desire grants for
railroads, confined to that object alone, and speci-
fying the routes of the intended roads. They tell
us that if Congress makes grants to them of so
many acres to each State, their Legislatures will
distribute it out to every county, and the lands
will be of no real or practical benefit. In this they
are universally agreed. They want to avoid that
result. In the last Congress they made strong ob-
jection to a general bill, for this reason: Because
they said the lands would be of no benefit to them,
but would be wasted on a thousand different pro-
jects. To avoid that difficulty, they suggested to
me to bring in a bill for the old States alone; that
is, the States which had no public lands within
their limits, in some form, as an equivalent for
these <>■ rants for railroads to the other States, and.
to let each of the land States take their grants for
roads in a separate bill, specifying the routes of
the roads, and limiting the amounts to the same
proposed in the general bill. I haVe assented to
this; and now propose such a bill, to see if Rep-
resentatives from land States are willing to give
the old States any land at all, in any form, or to
any amount, for the same purposes as those for
which it has been so liberally granted to them.
This bill, therefore, only provides for the grant
of lands to seventeen States, which have no
public lands, and have received no grants, at the
rate of one hundred and fifty thousand acres for
each Senator and Representative in Congress. It
will require between twenty and thirty millions of
acres to provide for all the old States equally at
this rate, a small equivalent for the grants made'
to, and now asked for, by the land States. It is
objected, that if grants are made to the old States,
they will go into the land States and take up large
.t tracts of land and hold them for a long time, or at
