1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1707
to give up that right. "Why ask them to give it
up if they have no right to tax ? Congress have
said that during the five years in which the man
lias an uncertain title, a title to be perfected only
by final payment, the States should not tax the
land; and m order to induce the States not to tax,
they have held out in succession very large con-
siderations. The States relinquished, therefore,
that right of taxation within those five years.
When a man is upon a portion of the public
lands with an incipient title", a title which he has
to perfect, I see no reason in the world why that
land is not taxable by the State. I believe it is.
A question might arise—and that question Con-
gress evidently wished to avoid—as to what effect
would be produced upon the land itself, ultimately,
how it might affect the title connected with the
United States; but that the man may be rightfully
compelled to pay his share of the public expendi-
tures during the period of occupation, there can
be no doubt at all. It seems to me that the man
can be taxed to the amount which his right is
worth; and he can be made responsible for its
payment. The mode in which it is to be collected
is a subject for consideiation fur the States. i
Now, then, I repeat there is nothing in the Con- j
stitution of the United States exemptingthe public
land from taxation; and Congress evidently fore- |
saw that, during the five years the lands thus sold
could have been taxed, and they would have been
taxed but for the compacts entered into by the
several States as they came into the Union. 1
repeat that, during the period of five years, when
the land is thus occupied, there is no reason, in
justice, equity, or law, why the person occupying
it should not pay his just propoition, according
to the value of the property, whatever it may be,
to the public expenditures of the country where^he
reside^.
Mr. CLAY. £ wish to make a single remark^l
in reply to my honorable friend from Michigan,
and it is one which I think is conclusive of the
propriety of the position which 1 occupy, and one
which I defy the friends of this measure to an-
swer. Suppose he be correct in his construction
of the compact between the new States and the
Federal Government, and I be wrong; and sup-
pose that this land be subject to taxation from the
moment it is settled upon and occupied by for-
eigners, of what avail, [ ask, is that to the State
government, when, by another section of this act,
you exempt that land from execution in satisfac-
tion of any debt contracted prior to the issuing of
the patent? The land cannot be sold to pay the
taxes.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, 1 had hoped
that we might get to a vote on this question, and I
1 do not think I should have said any thing at this j
time, but for the fact that it appears, from the ]
remarks which fell from the Senators from Ala- j
bama and South Carolina, that this is only the }
commencement of the discussion on their part, i
and that each of them has a great deal more to ■
say. I should be very willing to hear every thing i
that is to be said, which touches either the object
of impioving this bill by amendment, or of suffer- i
ing it to be improved by others. And then, after i
it is in such shape as the Senate see fit to proceed
to vote upon, if gentleman will say all they pro- :
pose to say against the bill or for it, I shall be j
content. But as the discussion has taken rather j
a wide range, I wish now to say a few words, j
To my mind, sir, the arguments that have been '
used by those two Senators are a little remarkable, '
taken m connection with the policy of this Gov- ;
eminent in respect to its public lands from the :
beginning; and though 1 intend to occupy the at- i
tention of the Senate for but a few minutes, I will j
seek to show thatthey have not submitted a single j
proposition that is not applicable now to every ;
particle of the public land of the United States, j
Why, sir, to begin ; the lands of the United
States are subject to entry by every man who j
chooses to pay ten shillings an acre for them. 1 !
do not care whether he be a citizen of the United 1
States or not; I do not care whether he comes j
reeking from the battle-field, either as a victor or I
a deserter; I do not care whether he comes, to >
use their language, sweating with the stench of a j;
prison, a penitentiary, or a poor-house; 1 say |
that the Government of the United States has pro- ;•
vided that, at ten shillings an acre, any man, ij
woman, or child may purchase the land. ij
So much for the purchase of land. Now, let j]
me look at the question of preemptions. Prior to
1841, there was no limitation m the policy of this
Government m respect to who might enter on the
public lands as preemptors. There was no dis-
tinction against foreigners; no distinction against
criminals; no distinction against inmates of poor^
houses, or any body el^e. Any one who would
go upon the lands of the United States, and hie
the necessary affidavit, could occupy, by preemp-
tion, one hundred and sixty acres of land, and at
the end of a year could take it and purchase it.
In 1841, for trie first time, the policy of the United
States was altered, so as to restrict this right of
preemption to citizens of the United States, and
tho«e who had filed their declaration of intention
to become such; and so the law stands to-day. 1
wish to call the attention of Senators particularly
to this point, because 1 think there has been
a great deal said without sufficient comparison;
and 1 am undertaking, sir, as you will see, to
show the policy of the Government respecting us
lands. I say the policy which 1 have mentioned
is that which ptevuils to-day in respect to pur-
chase, and in lespect to preemption.
Now, it is proposed, upon some terms or other,
and those to be agreed upon, to modify the pro-
vision as to price and the time of payment; that is
all. 1 should like to inquire of those two Senators,
and of others who may take the same view, what
reason exists for changing the policy as to persons.
If you will sell to everbyody at ten shillings an
acre, if you allow everybody to enter by preemp-
tion, why not pursue this policy in respect to per-
sons? if you reduce the price, and give a credit,
why not allow everybody to take it upon the same
terms? Why should the country he alarmed by
the declaration of the honorable Senator from
South Carolina, that there is an invitation to for-
eigners to come here, to possess and control the
public lands? Why, sir, they can do it to-day.
Everything that can be done by a citizen of the
United Stales to-day, in respect to the publiclands,
can be done by a foreigner on simply filing an
oath that he intends to become a citizen.
Now, does not the sixth section of this bill
maintain this provision ? Yes, sir, and couples
with it another, that is, that he cannot receive
the title from the United States until he actually
becomes a citizen. Theie is an additional restric-
tion—a lestriction, which, Mi. Piesident, [Mr.
Bright in the chair,] as you know, has no appli-
cation in any of our northwestern States. In
the State of Michigan, any man can hold land,
whether he be a citizen or not, and u will descend
to his heirs or representatives at his death. It is
so in many, I think most, of the northwestern
States. We have suffered nothing by the policy.
No ody objects to it in our Slate. Nobody has
seen the suffering resulting from it. But, in this
bill, I repeat, there is the additional restriction,
that he cannot receive a title until he actually be-
comes a citizen of the United States.
Mr. President, I beg leave to repeat the inquiry,
whence this alarm ? Whence its necessity ? Why
should the tocsin be sounded over a homestead
bill, that never was sounded over a bill for the
the sale of the lands, never over one for taking
them by preemption? But because a bill comes
up at this time, with a new title, to dispose of the
lands at a new price, and upon different terms of
payment, there is a holy horrorof foreigners; there
is an idea, if we are to believe the argument of the
Senator from South Carolina, that men who are
citizens of the United States do not come reeking
from prisons; do not come from the stench of the
poor-house! Why, sir, that idea will not be
borne out in experience. You may search the
poor-houses and the prisons, and you will find
there as many native Americans as foreigners.
There is no such halo thrown around a man be-
cause he is a citizen of the United States; not at
all. He is not necessarily a villain because he is
a foreigner, nor an honest man because he is a
native-born. It will turn out, therefore, that the
facts do not warrant the argument; and I confess,
sir, I have been a little anxious to call the atten-
tion of Senators to the facts in the case.
1 have said enough m respect to the policy. I j'
undeitake to use no defiant language, as the Sen- j!
ator from Alabama does; but 1 will respectfully i'
ask Senators to find, if they can, m this bill, a |i
departure from the policy of the United States m |!
respect to its public lands, which takes away any }i
restriction that hitherto existed. ij
Now, sir, a few words in reference to the bill
itself. My interpretation of it is like that of the
Senator from Mississippi. 1 have no doubt what-
ever that the right of occupancy terminates with
the five years. My reasoning is this: All lands
subject to private entry are on sale to anybody at
ten shillings an acre. This bill proposes to step
m and give to an individual the right to interfere
with that general law, so far as to occupy for five
years, and actually cultivate it, under the provi-
sions of this bill; but if, at the end ©f the five
years, he does not, according to the provisions of
the bill, perfect his title by taking his patent,
where is his authority to keep the land out of the
; market, and prevent any other man entering it at
I ten shillings an acre? 1 submitthatthisisthecor-
; rect view.
I said in the outset that my object-in calling up
this bill, and asking for its consideration to a con-
clusion at this time, was, that the bill might be*
reasonably considered and properly modified, so
as to carry out the objects intended, and so as to
meet the sanction of a majority of the Senate.
If, therefore, the bill is not what its friendssayit
is, amend it. 1 have been unable to see the wis-
dom or the policy of contending so strenuously
against this bill as it is, without any attempt to
amend it. If there is any question about the right
of occupancy after five years with an omission to
perfect the title, put m words which will render
the meaning perfectly clear; say, in so many
i words, that unless the occupant, under the law,
; perfects his title by taking a patent at the,end of
! five years, his right of occupation shall cease.
I This is what I think it means now. That, at all
1 events, is what it may be made to mean. So of
i ihis section. A cnti< ism was sprung upon the
! word " now." The Senator from Alabama, a
! day or two since, sought to show that the word
, " now" did not mean at the passage of the act,
; but would mean at the time the individual makes
i his application to occupy under it. I give it no
i such construction, But how easy is it to avoid
j all question by simply inserting, instead of the
| word " now," the words, 14 at the passage of this
act?" And so of anything else in the hill which
is susceptible of two interpretations-. In fact, I
do not know that, in  the little legislative expe-
rience which I have had, I have ever seen a bill *
contested like this. Gentlemen do not ask to
amend it. They do not point out possible dis-
crepancies in the bill, opportunities for different
interpretations, and propose to amend so as to
I make it pobitive and cer'ain; but they content
themselves with shadowing forth the enormities
J that may spring up under it. Their imaginations
—and I think they are exceedingly fruitful in in-
j vention—are taxed to the utmost to show you
; what, by possibility, may happen under this bill.
Weil, sir, 1 suppose it would be possible for all
the land that is now on private entry in the United
States, to be taken and occupied by all the vaga-
bonds in the world; but I do not thmk it very
probable; noi should I consider it a very sound
argument for taking all that, land out of the mar-
ket, simply because this possibility exists m the
nature of things, and m the nature of man. Why,
sir, one would think, from listening to these argu-
ments, that this was a bill gotten up exclusively to
invite foreigners to our scores. The Senator from
South Carolina says that what is precedent to-day
is prescription to-morrow, and he says, also, that
there is no disguising it, that the object is now
to pass a bill which shall permit foreigners who
are here to-day to take iand, but next year with
an evident intention of permitting those who may
come at any time hereafter, to do the same, I do
not know where he derives that argument from.
I confess I have no such design myself, and 1 have
not heard of any other gentleman who ha?. It
seems to me that m that respect there is hardly ^
any soundness in the position. It is very much
better, I submit, Mr. President, to argue things as
they exist, rather than to suppose a condition of
things, and argue against that.
I did not rise, sir, for the purpose of consuming
the time of the Senate upon this bill, or upon this
proposition, but simply for the purpose of calling
back, if it lay in my power, the argument to the
policy of this Government in respect to its public
lands, and to show that, so far as relates to per-
sons, this bill is more restricted than any other
one which has ever passed, and to submit again
what 1 .did a few days ago, that Senators should
