140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Jan. 6,
proriiise; once more, Mr. Speaker, am I willing
to trust to it, especially as it comes from such a
high quarter as the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth.] In view of these facts, therefore,
X' desire to say that I do not intend to make any
farther active opposition to his proposition.
Mr. HUNT. I also beg to say that I am now
satisfied with the reference of this subject to the
Committee on Commerce. In doing so, however,
I am standing exclusively on the same ground that
1 took originally. I wish that these matters go to
the friends of internal improvements.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Will not the others
withdraw their opposition also? Let the good
work go on—let us act together.
Mr. EWING. Will the gentleman permit me
to make a remark ?
Mr. WENTWORTH yielded the floor.
Mr. EWING. The gentleman yields to me
the floor for the purpose of withdrawing my mo-
tion. I must be permitted, however,.to say, that
I am not at all satisfied—from the experience I
have had—with the arrangement made. My ex-
perience in regard to these matters is too recent for
me to be willing to trust the Commi'tee on Com-
merce in reference to the details of the bill, and to
the equal distribution of appropriations, so far as
the West is concerned.
But, sir, as I find that western members are
willing once more, as they say, to trust the Com-
mittee on Commerce, I know it would be vain for
me to struggle against even my own friends. I
know that the enemies of appropriations for the
improvement of rivers and harbors will, of course,
vote for the Committee on Commerce; and if the
friends of the system will also vote for that com-
mittee, there is no chance for me to press my mo-
tion. I therefore, sir, withdraw it.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. The skies
are brightening. Concert of action, so absolutely
necessary among friends of a common cause, is
likely to be secured. A few days ago, a resolu-
tion of inquiry upon this subject was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, by a large vote.
Under the instruction of the House, we are in-
fjuiringinto this matter. The information we want
is upon your table. We want the estimates to
guide us in framing our bill. Shall we have them ?
This is the only question before the House. I
move the previous question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Do I understand that
the motion to refer the matter to the Committee
on Roads and Canals has been withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. The motion was withdrawn.
The previous question then received a second,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
The question was then taken on the motion to
discharge the Committee on Ways and Means
from the further consideration of the estimates,
and it was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As the Committee
on Ways and Means have been dischaiged, and
the question is now before the House, and being
opposed to the whole system, 1 move to lay the
estimates upon the table.
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the motion to
refer the estimates to the Committee on Com-
merce; and, being put, it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. WENTWORTH, moved to reconsider the
vote last taken, and to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
ROGUE RIVER WAR, AND MILITARY ROAD
IN OREGON.
Mr. LANE, in pursuance of previous notice,
introduced the following bills; which were sever-
ally read a first and second time by their titles, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs:
A bill to authorize the Secretary of War to
settle and adjust the expenses of the Rogue river
war, in Oregon; and
A bill to provide for the continuance of the
military road from Myrtle creek to Scottsburg,
in Oregon.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What is the regu-
lar order of business ?
The SPEAKER. The consideration of private
bills.
Mr. .TONES. Then I call for that order of
business.
The first bill in order was a bill of the Senate
for the relief of the legal representatives of Caleb
Swan; which was taken up, read a first and second
timfeby its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Senate bill " for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Dr. William Somerville, deceased," was
read the first and second time by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Senate bill "for the relief of Joseph Gonder,
jr., and John DufF," was read thefirstand second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Senate bill " for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Joshua Kennedy, deceased," was
read the first and second time by its title.
Mr. COBB. I move that it be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. What kind of a claim is it?
Mr. COBB. It is a claim for Indian depreda-
tions.
Mr. LETCHER. Then it should go to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; and I make that
motion.
The question was first taken upon Mr. Cobb's
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Claims; and it was decided in the negative.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Senate bill " authorizing Victor Morass to re-
linquish certain lands, and enter the same quantity
elsewhere," was read the first and second time
by its title, and-referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims.
Senate bill "changing the name of the Ameri-
can-built steamer Falcon to that of Glueen City,
was read the first and second time by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WARREN. As a matter of courtesy, I
ask leave to introduce a bill of which notice has
been given.
Mr. JONES. I object.
The SPEAKER. There being no further pri-
vate business upon the Speaker's table, the House
will, unless otherwise ordered, now proceed to
consider the report of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
A message was here received from the Senate,
informing the House of the passage by that body
of a bill of the following title:
"A bill for the relief of Joseph Mitchell."
Mr. FAULKNER. I move that the House re-
solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
The question was then taken, and it was decided
in the affirmative.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Disney in the chair.)
INDIANA UNIVERSITY LAND.
The CHAIRMAN announced the first business
in order to be the consideration of the following
bill:
" An act to indemnify the State of Indiana for
the failure of title to a township of land granted
to said State on her admission into the Union in
1816."
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is objection
day. The gentleman who had charge of this bill
is not now present, but 1 presume the House are
satisfied with the discussion which has been had
upon it, and that no one will object to its passage.
I propose, therefore, that the bill be laid aside to
be reported to the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that proposition.
I understand that there is a suit pending in refer-
ence to this matter which has not been disposed
of. I do not wish to see the matter disposed of
here until the termination of that suit.
Mr. ORR. It has been disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 do not so understand it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Must the bill be laid
aside if objected to ?
The CHAIRMAN. It must be passed over if
any gentleman objects.
The next bill in order was the following:
" A bill for the relief of Lewis B. Willis, late a
paymaster in the Army of the United States."
The bill was read through.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs
which accompanied the bill, was read; from which
it appears that the petitioner was a paymaster in
the Army of the United States during the late war
with Great Britain, and as such disbursed very
large sums of money. He visited Washington
city in 1816, for the purpose of having his accounts
finally settled, but in consequence of the destruc-
tion of a portion of his accounts and vouchers in
the conflagration of the public buildings by-the
enemy in 1814, no final settlement could be made.
In 1822, a suit was instituted against him by the
United States in the district court of Louisianafor
an alleged defalcation, and after the amounts re-
ceived by the petitioner and the sums disbursed by
him had been carefully and vigilantly scanned by
the jury and court, a verdict was rendered that the
sum of $593 50 was due the petitioner. That ver-
dict was approved by the court, and judgment
was entered against the United States for the
amount. The claim was subsequently presented
at the Treasury Department, but was rejected on
the ground that it could not be paid without an
act of Congress making the necessary appropri-
ation. The object of the bill is to make that ap-
propriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before that bill is
laid aside to be reported to the House, I would ask
of the gentleman who reported it, whether the
committee were satisfied of thejustice of theclaim,
independent of the judgment; or whether they re-
ported the bill because there was a judgment ren-
dered against the Government? I do not know
by what authority the court could render a judg-
ment against the Government.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would remark to the
gentleman from Tennessee that an examination of
this case was made at the Treasury Department,
and nothing could be found to impugn the val-
idity and justice of that judgment. The gentle-
man himself will perceive that the Solicitor of the
Treasury states, on the authority of the district
attorney, that the vouchers filed by Captain Wil-
lis were ample and sufficient, and that there was
no just ground of appeal on the behalf of the Gov-
ernment. Inquiry into the matter was instituted
at the Treasury Department, and there seemed to
be a general acquiescence in the justice of the
claim.
The bill was then laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
The committee next proceeded to the consider-
ation of House bill No. 51, entitled "A bill for the
relief of the widow and heirs of Elijah Beebe, de-
ceased." The bill was read through.
At the request of Mr. EASTMAN, the report
accompanying the bill was read for the informa-
tion of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. I hear no objection to the
bill.'
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, I should like
some information from the Committee on Indian
Affairs with reference to this bill. It seems to me,
from the reading of the report, that the appropria-
tion is for depredations committed by a tribe of
Indians on the property of the claimants, or of their
ancestor. If this be true, there is a law bearing
upon cases of the kind; and I should like to
know from the gentleman who reported that bill
whether it comes within the provisions of the law
I allude to. I believe it is the law of 1834. I
speak now of the intercourse act; and my recol-
lection of that law is, that it requires that, in
cases of this sort, where depredations have been
committed by a tribe of Indians to which the
Government is paying annuities, the amount shall
be taken from the annuity of the Indian tribe; and
if the depredations have been committed by a tribe
of Indians to whom the Government is not paying
annuities, then I understand the rule to be that the
Government is not bound to make compensation.
Several Members. "No!" "No!"
Mr. HOUSTON. I tell the gentleman, then, that
I will make this objection when thecase comes up.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is that cbjection
made?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. JONES. Then, sir, by the rule, the bill,
when it gives rise to discussion, cannot be con-
sidered.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not under-
stand the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Hous-
ton] as objecting to the passage of the bill, but
as merely rising to inquire for information. Of
course, if he objects to the passage of the bill, it
must go over. The Chair cannot give any con-
struction to the gentleman's remarks; but it under-
