1708
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOlfe.
July 12,
J
offer their amendments for the purpose of making
it as perfect as the subject itself is susceptible of.
1 f>hall not vote to strike out this section. I do
not think it is worth while to confine entries under
this act to native-born citizens. I think that a
man who is here to-day," a resident," in the lan-
guage of the bill, " of one of the States or Terri-
tories," may properly enter upon this land and
cultivate it. And 1 should like to inquirers there
any gentleman here who has the ability to inform
me what injury is to happen to the Government
of the United States, either in respect to its lands,
or in respect to its morality, by allowing any man
now in the country to enter upon one hundred and
sixty acres of land, and work upon it, and raise
produce. Why, sir, we have been taught, from
the beginning of civilization down to to-day, that
this was one of the most laudable enterprises that
could be followed. There is scarcely a philoso-
pher or a poet who has not sought to show that,
of all vocations, the cultivation of the soil is best
calculated to make an industrious citizen and an
honest man. Then, I inquire, what injury can
possibly take place by allowing any man now in
the conn try to enter upon a quarter section of land,
and work it for five years? I can see none. At
the end of five years, unless he becomes a citizen
of the United States, he cannot perfect his title,
nor further enjoy the occupancy.
! d iscover no magical effect i n this question of cit-
izenship. I do not believe that a man is any better
to-morrow, after having perfected his naturaliza-
tion and become a citizen, than he is to-day, when
it is unperfected. Heis thesameman. Hestands
before the country and his God in the same atti-
tude. He has the same morality, the same pro-
pensities, the same inclinations, and the same
judgment. I therefore see no magic effect about
it; but if anybody does-see it, then 1 say that per-
son is satisfied by the provision of this bill; for
the individual is compelled to become a citizen be-
fore he can take out a tide to the land. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will go on to perfect the
bill, not to strike out its sections, unless they
should be stricken out for want of virtue*, but im-
prove it. Attach a price to the land, if you please
—I avowed myself in favor of it the other day—
a reasonable and proper piice; change the terms
of occupation, if you please; but I protest here
to-day against proscribing any class, without
knowing the men who constitute that class.
Mr. liUTLER. My friend from Mississippi
[Mr. Brown] sat down with the remark that I
was one of the seven, and, therefore, he was grati-
fied that I stood where I had been throughout,
both in what \ had said, and as I had voted, and
as I was understodtl to stand upon the records, in
favor of what was known as the Clayton amend-
ment upon the Nebraska bill.
I voted for it, I believe, when the bill was re-
turned here without that amendment. I voted for
the bill, as f believe my honorable friend from
Mississippi did also; but with regard to any
proposition to strike out the provision proposed
to be struck out by the Clayton amendment, I
think it probable we did not agree in our votes;
not but that I agreed in opinion with the Senator.
I do not know that I voted with him; I think not.
Mr. BROWN. 1 haue no doubt that my friend
from South Caiolina meant, I know he meant, to
state the thing exactly as it was. There was a
slight misunderstanding, however. There were
seven of us on the final vote on what was called
the Clayton amendment, who voted against al-
lowing foreigners to exercise the rights of suffrage
and holding office in the Territories, of which
seven I did not think my friend from South Car-
olina was one. That was what I alluded to.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, some fouror
five years ago, when the homestead bill, was but
a shadow thrown over this House, I took that
early occasion to express my approbation of the
principles of the system, and to discuss at large
all the questions which it then presented It has
not been my custom here, ever to repeatunneces-
sarily arguments which I had taken occasion to
u.ce m previous instances in support of the same
policy. I shall not, therefore, deem it necessary
to repeat what I have heretofore spoken, on this
occasion, when I suppose that this great measure,
which rhen had so few friends that they were
numbered by the half dozen, is about to become
the I aw of the land. I content myself with declaring
that I shall vote in favor of this bill, in whatever
shape it may finally come from the hands of the
Committee of the Whole, if it retain the great
leading principle of a homestead law.
I address myself for a moment to the propo-
sition which is immediately under consideration,
•the amendment proposed by th^honorable and
distinguished Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Clay-
ton.] That amendment proposes substantially
to strike out that provision of/Che bill which pro-
vides that foreigners ndt naturalized, but candi-
dates for naturalization, sWl participate in this
distribution of the publiclatfBs; and in lieu of that
provision, substitute one giving a sum of money
equivalent to the value of the lands to native-born
mechanics throughout the United States, who
may not be able to avail themselves, by reason of
their habits and circumstances of life, of the ben-
efits which the bill gives generally in the shape of
lands. Sir, I think the honorable Senator will
excuse me for saying that the last proposition
seems to be merely designed to serve as a cover
for the first, as a pretext by which we may com-
pensate ourselves for something that we do, in
striking out the proposition in favor of foreigners.
Sir, I cannot go for the pretext. It is unequal
and unjust. I know no reason why we should
give to mechanics money more than to other
classes of citizens who are not mechanics. T see
no reason for discriminating between one class of
the native population and another, any more than
I see any reason for discriminating between the
whole foreign class and the whole of the native
class. Itwould be impracticable. Mechanicsare
useful men; theyare invaluable men; hut there are
other classes who are equally useful. There are the
sailors, the seamen, the navigators, the fishermen,
farms in the East to take new farms in the West.
J dismiss, therefore, what seems to me to be pro-
posed merely as a form, and cometo'theconsider-
ation of the proposition to strike out the provis-
ion in favor of foreigners.
I look at this in two lights—one as a measure
belonging to a general principle, sentiment, or
policy; that is, the principle of discouraging immi-
gration into this country. That will be its effect.
In that respect it is a part, a single measure, of a
whole system, which is commonly known by the
name of Native Americanism; that is to say, of
establishing a preference for native American citi-
zens over foreigners. I do not know that my
honorable and distinguished friend meant, by this
single proposition, to extend his support to the
general principle; but there are others here who
have advocated it upon that ground, Now, then, it
is well enough, if we are going into this principle
at all, to see where it leads. I have in my hand
the policy of exclusion of foreigners, or aliens, as
it is elaborated and drawn out into distinct prop-
ositions by a journal which represents that class of
society who support that principle. I find that
there are sixteen articles m this creed. Here
they are:
]. Repeal of all naturalization laws.
2. None but native Americans for office.
3. A pure American common echool system.
4. Wiir to the hilt on Romanism.
5 Opposition, first and last, to the formation of military
companies composed of foreigners.
6. The advocacy of a found, healthy, and safe nation-
ality.
7. Hostility to all papal influences,in whatever form, and
whatever name.
R. Amenrnn institutions and American sentiment.
9. More stringent and effective emigration laws.
H). The amplest protection to Protestant interests.
11. The doctrines of the revered Washington and his
compatriots.
12. The sending back of all foreign paupers landed on our
shores.
)3. The formation of societies to protect all American
interests.
14. Eternal enmity to all who attempt to carry out the
principles of ii foreign church or State.
35. Our country, our whole country, and nothing but
our country. •
16. And finally, American laws and American legislation,
and death to all foreign influences, whether in high places
or low! ~
Sir, this creed contains just half a dozen true,
sound American principles.
Mr. CHASE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask htm where he finds this creed?
Mr. SEWARD. In the American Crusader.
Mr. CHASE. Where is it printed ?
Mr. SEWARD. I believe in Boston. I find
in it a comprehensive view of the principles, some
of them right, and some of them wrong 
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator mean to say-
that these are the principles of the " Know-Noth-
ings?" I ask merely for information.
Mr. SEWARD. I know nothing of the "Know-
Nothings." [Laughter.]
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator knows nothing
of the " Know-Nothings," it seems to me very
strange that he should pretend here to state what
the principles of the " Know-Nothings" are. I
should iike him to explain, if he knows nothing
of the "Know-Nothings" or their principles,
how does he read here the principles of the
"Know-Nothings?" [Laughter.]
Mr. SEWARD. If my excellent friend, the
honorableSenatorfrom Kentucky, had paid atten-
tion to what I said, he would have learned, in the
first place, that 1 said nothing of the "Know-
Nothings." My reason for it is, that I always
say nothing of that about which I know nothing.
[Laughter.] Again, the honorable Senator will
excuse me from further answering his question,
because it is my purpose to say nothing of the
Know-Nothings, because of the Know-Nothings,
as I have already stated, I know nothing at all.
[Renewed laughter.] I am stating what purports
to be the creed which comprehends all the articles
of this principle of opposing foreign immigration.
I need not discriminate here in favor of these prin-
ciples which are national, these which are just,
and these which are American. I need not point
them out, and show which they are. It is suffi-
cient for me to say that, in my judgment, every
thing is un-American which makes a distinction,
of whatever kind, in this country, between the
native-born American and him whose lot is directed
to be cast here by an overruling Providence, and
the soldiers, quite as well entitled as the mechanic, who renounces his allegiance to a foreign land,
There are even farmers who could not leave old and swears fealty to the country which adopts
yf But, sir, without going further in this line of
argument, I will state my object in bringing this
creed before the Senate. It is to show them sim-
ply this: that although it is a very narrow road, it
is also a very long one, that we are entering upon
when we begin upon this principle of exclusion of
foreigners. I wish to show that this will be but a
beginning. I am sure that we are to stop short of
the end somewhere. My idea is to stop at the
door, to stop at the gate. I have never heard any
philosophical reason given why there should be
this exclusion. I am an American citizen. So
was my father before me. Those who can trace
their lineage further than I can, may be able to
throw further back into antiquity the period when
they, by their progenitors, were foreigners and
aliens. I cannot certainly carry my genealogy
back far enough to know whether it was more than
three generations.
Why should I exclude the foreigner to-day ?
He is only what every American citizen, or his
ancestor was at some time or 4other. If he be
an alien, he is, in the course of one, two, three,
four, or five years, to become what we all are,
American citizens. Sir, something has been said
about loyalty. I desire to know where and when
the foreigners, the aliens, in this country, have
shown less loyalty to this Government and to its
institutions, than the native citizens? But, sir, I
shall not pursue that line of argument further. I
desire to look at it for one moment as a ques-
tion of policy. We are told that we are to dis-
courage foreign immigration. Suppose we had
adopted that policy thirty years ago, what would
have been the consequence?
It is now twenty-nine years ago since the sys-
tem of internal improvement in this country com-
menced by the construction of the Erie canal
through the State of New York, uniting the tide
waters of the Hudson with Lake Erie; and since
that time we have perfected five thousand miles of
canals, at an expense of $600,000,000, extending
our inland navigation from the Mississippi, at its
mouth, to the Hudson river at New York, and
thus dispensing altogether with what was one of
the two great national wants at the time of the
American revolution—the navigation of the St.
Lawrence. How was that done ? I mean, from
whence came the labor that did it?
I know of but one American citizen who worked
with the spade and wheel-barrow on those works.
Doubtless there are many others, but I know only
one, and he, I am glad to octy, is now a member
on this floor, [Mr. Wade, of Ohio,] and one of
the most able and talented members. But, as a
