1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
stood that he merely put them forward for the
purpose of eliciting information.
Mi*. HOUSTON. I do not want to prevent the
passage of the bill; I merely want information on
the pom? I have mentioned.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
has been before a committee. 1 may state that
the matter of it was fully in\estimated by two com-
mittees, and reported on unanimously by both
these committees. It was also investigated care-
fully by Mr. Dodge, one of the most scrupulous
and faithful public servants in the country, I trust
no objection will be offered to its passage.
Mr. LETCHER. If I understand it aright,
this claim for Indian depredations originated in
the year 1822. If my recollection serves me in
regard to this intercourse act, one of the sections
of that act requires that before the Government
can be made liable for depredations of this sort,
the party setting up the claim for damages shall
have raised the question in the Indian territory,
and fixed the liability upon the parties there.
This case originated in 1823, and from that 1
time to the present, this is the first occasion upon
which this claim has come up for consideration.
1 should like to know whether this case comes
within the limits of the law; whether it is shown
that ihe depredations were committed; and whether
the facts have been settled in regard to them; and,
if so, why this claim has not been brought up for
discussion during the period intervening between
182*2 and 1853—thirty-one years. ;
Mr. WASHBURNE. I answer to the gen- j
tleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcuhr,] that this ;
claim did originate in 1822. The proofs were '
made in conformity to the act called the ''in-
tercourse act" of 1802, but the matter was not
acted upon by the DepmUnent. The party, Mr. ;
Beebe, died soon after the application for mdem- j
nity was made. The heirs did not follow up the ;
matter, and no action was hi ken by the proper j
Department of the Government until the year '
1837, when the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
instructed Mr. Dodge, Governor of Wisconsin, j
and ex officio Superintendent of Indian Affairs, to !
make an investigation of the claim. He did as ■
he was instructed, and made an investigation of;
the matter, and gave the certificate which has been j
read here by die Clerk. There was no action ;
taken upon that action of Governor Dodge for ;
some length of time. When that action was ;
taken, objection wos made by the Indian Bureau !
as to the formality and sufficiency of the testi- ;
mony which had been taken in the case. Hence i
it is that the parties covne here for relief. The j
whole matter has been investigated, under the di- |
rection of the Government, by a long-tried, vigi- i
lant, and most faithful public servant. Ail the I
testimony and facts in the case were before Gov- !
ernor Dodge, and his adjudication ou^ht to be ,
satisfactory. Under the act of 3802, there was :
no limit as to the time when the claim against the !
tribes of Indians committing the depredations I
should be made; but this claim was actually made ,
within two years, I think. This application for ;
relief was first presented here at the last Congress. 1
Mr. Beebe died in 1823; but 1 stated that within
his lifetime he made an application to the Indians, ,
and furnished the proof required by the act which ,
has been referred to. ;
Governor Dodge, upon his investigation of the '
claim, gave interest to the claimants, which made ■
the amount nearly six thousand dollars. J>ut the :
committee, in their investigation, concluded to cut \
off" the claim of interest, and they give only the j
original amount.
1 hope, therefore, under the circumstances, that
the committee will allow the bill to be reported to ;
the House without objection.
Mr. LETCHER. I went this morning to the
committee room for the purpose of getting the re- ,
port m this case. This is the second time I have
oeen there to get reports, in order to inform myself
in regard to the merits of all claims which come ,
up here for consideration. I was told that the
report was not printed. I find this report here is
a very long one, embracing some twelve or fifteen
pages, one third of which has probably not been
read to the House, and consequently the House
is not in possession of the facts upon the record- 1
I therefore object, in order to give members time
to investigate the case. ■
Objection being made, the bill went over under !
the rule. '
ISA.AC P. SIMONTON.
Senate bill44 for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Isaac P. Simonton, deceased,5' was next 1
taken up.
The bill was read through by the Clerk.
A Member. Read the report.
Mr. MACE. I can, in a minute, explain to the
House the nature of this case, without detaining
them with the reading of these lengthy documents.
The payment of $S00 is provided for in the
treaty of 1837 with these Indians. It was, how-
ever, to be made from the proceeds of the sales of
certain lands belonging to the United States, as
soon as these lands should be sold. j
In 1838, another treaty was made, appropriating !
§75,000 for the purpose of paying the demands ;
specified in the first treaty. 1 hat appropriation '
was exhausted without paying this demand, and '
one other small claim which has since been paid, ;
and is referred to in this report. :
The lands set apart for the payment of this
claim is now, and has been, since the ratification j
of the treaty of ltf37, held at $2 50 an acre, while
the lands adjoining have been sold at the usual
price of $1 25 per acre.
The Committee on Claims do not deem it ne-
cessary, in the small matter of this account, to ask
the Commissioner of the Land Office whether the
sum of eight hundred dollars had been realized
from the sale of the lands set apart for the pay-
ment of these claims; but inasmuch as it was a
claim which must at Ia t be paid out of the gen-
eral treasury, thought it would be better to pay
the heirs of Major^imonton the sum stipulated !
by the treaty. As I remaiked, this is the last j
claim remaining unpaid arising out of the stipula- '
tions of that treaty. I hope, therefore, there will >
be no objection, but that the hill will be laid aside
to be reported to the House. i
There was no objection, and the bill was accord- j
ingly laid aside. I
MADISON PARTON. j
The next bill in order was the " bill for the re- ;
lief of Madison Parton." i
The bill and report were read through by the !
Clerk
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask if this bill j
provides for the payment of interest ? ;
Mr. HILLYEli. I will reply to the gentleman :
from Tennessee. I understand the nature of this
case, for I have had the management of if since it
has been pending before the Committee on Claims. '!
It is a very small claim, originating m the year j
1838. Madison Parton, enlisted in the service of ,|
the United States m July, 1837, and served until j
February, 1 He was pmd about the last of1!
October, 1837, what was then due him, to wit: for jl
about two months and twenty days' service. At I
the time of his djschaige in 183H, his name ofjs
course was stricken from the roll, so that when ij
the roll was returned to the War Department, his J
name did nnt appear upon it. On his application ;i
to the War Department for the amount that was ij
due from November, 1837, until February, 1838— ,!
about three months—he was informed that the ,!
Department could not pay him, because it was ;!
controlled by the muster-roll. The muster-roll '[
furnished conclusive evidence as to who were !
membeis of the company, and the length of time !j
they had served. ij
The amount of the claim is small. Parton is a ■
poor man, and an ignorant man, and lias never.!
been able to prosecute his claim before this House
with effect. It 1ms been pending here, however, ;i
since 1848, in some shape or other, and was pend- j
mg before different Departments of the Govern-
merit long prior to that time. He has been, to the I'
best of his ability, prosecuting his claim ever since :
it originated. 1
I will say to the gentleman from Tennessee i
[Mr. Jones] that this bill does provide for the ;
payment of interest upon the claim, on the ground
that it is justly due as any part of the claim; but 1
I hope the gentleman will not object to the bill on ,
that score.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike '
out that part of the bill which provides for the
payment of interest. If that is not done, I shall
object to the passage of the bill.
Mr. HILLYER. I hope the gentleman will 1
not insist upon that amendment. He can move to ;
strike out that portion of the bill when it comes ■
into the House. I earnestly appeal to him to let J
the bill go before the House in its present shape. 1
Mr. JONES. The bill has been referred to
this committee in order that it may be perfected,
and no gentleman here knows better than thegen-
tletnan from Georgia that we can do nothing in
Su °-^ amem^ng ft aft(-r ft gets into the House.
I he previous question will be called upon it, and
all amendments will be cut off.
Mr. HILLYER. Well, I have no objection to
a vote being taken on the amendment in the com-
mittee.
Mr. MACE. I desire to say but a word or
two. The only reason why the Committee on
Claims inserted a provision in this bill for the
payment of interest was, that they believed the
claimant was entitled to the money from the time
he made application for his pay to the War De-
partment; and such being the case, we could see
no reason why the Government should not pay in-
terest as well as an individual. Usually the com-
mittee refuse to allow interest on claims. But this
is a very small matter any how.
The question was then taken on Mr. Jones's
amendment; and, on a division, there were only
48 in the afTunmtive,
Mr. HILLYER. I do not want a further
division, i am willing to let the amendment be
adopted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 must object to
the bill. Let it go over till another day.
Mr. HILLYKR. I will agree to the amend-
ment which has been proposed, if the gentleman
will withdraw his objection.
Mr. JONES. No, sir, I prefer that the bill shall
go over.
The bill was therefore laid over.
The committee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 58, " for settling the claims
of the legal representatives of Richard W. Meade,
deceased.''
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is advised that
the report accompanying the bill js extremely long.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is too import-
ant a bill to be considered at this time. It claims
the payment by the Government of half a million
of dollars, on which amount interest will also be
demanded. I object.
Objection being made, the hill was passed over.
The committee next proceeded to the considera-
tion of House bill No. 59, " A bill authorizing the
issuing of patents to award an extension of the
patent of Samuel Colt, a citizen of the United
States, lor an improvement m fire-arms."
The bill was read through.
Mr. HENN. 1 object to that bill.
The hill, objection being made, was passed over
under the rule.
The committee next proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 63, " for the relief of
Charles Lee jones."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected to it, and
it went over under the rule.
The committee next rook up House bill No. D8S
" A bill for the relief of Henry Lewis, of Clinton
county, New York."
Mr. MACE. A motion has been made in the
committee from which that bill came to reconsider
its favorable report, and I therefore ask that it
be passed over.
Mr. LETCHER.. Had it not better be recom-
mitted to the committee ?
Mr. A! ACE. i do not think that it is neces-
sary to do so. We con consider the motion to
reconsider as well without the motion of lefeience
as with it.
The bill for the relief of George Simpton coming
up next m order, was read.
Mr. HAMILTON objected, and it went over
under the rule.
The next bill in order on the Calendar was a
bill for the relief of William Blake, providing for
an increase of pension.
No objection being made, it was laid aside, to
be reported to the House, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
House bill (No. 103) " for the relief of Ferdinand
Clark,"comingup m order, was read by theClerk.
Mr. FULLER. As the report in this case is
lengthy, I can give a short synopsis of it by way
of explanation to the House.
By the act of Congress of the 30th of June, 1834,
certain duties were imposed upon Spanish vessels
clearing from ports of the United States, on d coun-
tervailing duties upon American vessels landing
cargoes in Cuba and Porto Rico. The memorial-
