1854.
preceding. More land was sold in 1836 than
during the entire twelve past years. The spirit
of speculation was rife. There was a great deal
of land sold in 1836—over twenty millions acres.
Perhaps it was an unhealthy state of public sen-
timent on the subject of the public lands; but it
shows that capitalists will buy and sell land as it
suits their interest without reference to railroad
grants; other considerations control.
The old States have not received an acre of the
public lands granted to the States; and, so far as
grants for railroad purposes are concerned, they
do not make any, or a very small compensation
for the grants under the system pursued. It will
take only between twenty and thirty millions of
acres to make up to the old States the equivalent
given by this bill. And any gentleman can calculate
how much his own State will get under it, as it
grants one hundred and fifty thousand acres for
each Senator and Representative. Is that a great
boon to ask from our western friends in return for
the vast grants which they have received already,
and which they are now asking for?
Let me state one other fact to the House. There
are proposed to be granted to the land States
during this very session, for railroad purposes, over
fifteen million acres of public lands, so as to give
an amount to the other land States equal to that
which has been given to the State of Illinois.
That is more than one half the amount which this
bill proposes to give to all the old States; and yet
we are asked to grant that amount to the land
States for railroad purposes alone, during one sin-
gle session—and to pursue this system year after
year—without any provision being made for the
old States.
Before any more of these railroad measures are
taken up, 1 desired to bring this bill before the
House, and to take the sense of the House upon
it; to know how generously, or rather how justly,
we are to be treated by those who are continually
asking us to grant away the public domain to their
States, at the rate of fifteen or twenty millions of
acres at a session. This bill contains nothing
more nor less than a recognition of the right of
all the States to the public domain, and to be taken
for the same public purposes, and particularly for
schools.
Gentlemen from the land States tell us that the
old States are indirectly benefited by the grants
for railroad purposes. They say you settle and
build up the western States, and by so doing, you
indirectly benefit the whole country. I grant the
argument, but I say that these grants to the old
States will also indirectly benefit the West. The
argument is just as good one way as the other.
We want a small share of the direct benefits of
these grants, and let them have their just propor-
tion of the indirect benefits received by all.
Mr. CLiNGMAN, (interrupting.) With the
permission of the gentleman, I will move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. The gentleman is a little
hoarse to-day, and can finish his remarks to-mor-
row.
Mr. BENNETT. I give way for that purpose.
The question was taken on Mr. Clikoman's
motion, and it was agreed to.
[The following is a copy of the bill referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, January 3, 1854,
and reported back to the House yesterday by Mr.
Bennett, with a substitute therefor:
A BILt. granting lands equally to the several States, to
aid in the construction of railroads and for the support of
schools.
Be it eytactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
million of acres,) being the very year the reserved sections
on the Central railroad were brought into market!
Acres sold.
.20,074,671
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In the year
«
• 1836  
1841  
a
184s} 
a
tl
3844 
«
cc
3846 
«(
1847 
({
1848 
a
3849 
«
1850 
a
3851 
a
1852 
Total for
,796
,317
,284
,763
,5-27
,731
,305
.653
,902
,838
,920
,779
851
That therois hereby severally granted to each of the States,
of Alabama, Catuoinu, Florida, low.i, Louisiana, Michi-
gan, Mississippi, Wisconsin, Maine, New Hampshire. Ver-
mont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New
York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, North Caro-
lina, South Carolina, Maryland, Virginia, Georgia, Tennes-
see, and Kentucky*, public lands at the rate of one hundred
and fifty thousand acres for each Senatorand Repiesentative
to which said States are respeetiveiy entitled ; and a further
grant of one million of acies is hereby severally made u
each of the States, of Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Michi-
gan, and Mississippi, and of one million five hundred
thousand acres to each of the States, of California, Iowa,
and Wisconsin; said lands, so far as maybe, to be taken
within the limits of said States respectively, in the man-
ner, and for the purposes hereinafter mentioned; and to
each of the States of Ohio and Indiana, all the public
lands remaining unsold within the respective States of
Ohio and Indiana, and not reserved for any public purpose.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the eight States
in the preceding section first named are authorized to apply
the proceeds of the lands hereby severally granted to thein
to aid in the construction of railroads in the said States re-
spectively. And a rightof way thiough the public lands is
hereby severally granted to the s>aid State?, and they are
severally authorized to take necessary materials of eaith,
stone, and timber, tor the construction of the said railroads
respectively, from the public iands adjacent thereto, and
in locating each of these said railroads, and assigning the
limits thereto, no more land shall be taken from the United
States than is necessary for the convenient construction
and use ot each of said railroads, with double track respec-
tively, including stations and the public buildings of all
kinds connected with said roads, turnouts, and such other
appurtenances is are necessary or usually enjoyed by first-
class railroads ; and a copy of the location ot said several
roads respectively, as now made, or heieafter to be made,
shall be forwarded to the proper local land offices, and
the General Land Office at Washington city, as soon as
practicable after the same arc completed respectively, and
shall he duly recorded; and there is hereby severally
granted to each of the eight States in the preceding sec-
tion first named, respectively, the amount ot land therein
specified, for the purpose of making railroads therein re
spectively, as aforesaid, to he taken within said States
respectively,and along the entire length ol the hue or route
of said several raihoads, so far a-* the United States own lands
on the line of said several roads, m manner following, viz :
every alternate section of land designated by odd numbeis,
for six miles in width on each side of said t>eveial raihoads;
but in case it shall appear that the United States have, when
the lines or routes of any ofsaid roads are definitely fixed, sold
any section, or any part thereof, granted aforesaid, or that the
right of preemption has attached to the same, then it shall be
lawful for any agent or agents, to be appointed by the Gov
ernor of each of said States respectively, to select, subject
to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, from the
lands of the United States nearest to the tiers or sections
above specified, and within said Slates respectively, so
much land m alternate sections or parts of sections as shall
be equal to such lands as the United States have sold, or to
which the right of preemption has attached as aforesaid,
which lauds (thus selected in lieu of those sold or to which
preemption rights have attached as aforesaid, together with
the sections or parts of sections designated by odd numbeis
as aforesaid, and appropriated as aforesaid) shall be held by
each of the said eight States first named respectively, to
the amount m the preceding section named for each ot the
said several States, for the uses and purposes aforesaid; but
the lands to be so located and selected for .and on account
of each of said roads shall in no case be more than six sec-
tions of land for each mile of said road: Provided, That the
lands hereby granted to the said eight first named States
shall be exclusively applied to construct or aid in the con-
struction of railroads m said States respectively, and shall
be sold and disposed of only as the work progresses, and in
proportion to the length of railroad completed upon each
of said roads, and the same shall be applied to no other road
or purpose: And provided, also, That any and all lands
heretofore reserved to the United States by anv act of Con-
gress, or in any other manner by competent authority, lor
the purpose of aiding in any object of internal nnpiove-
inent, or for any other puipose whatever, shall be, and the
same are hereby, reserved to the United States from the
operation of this section, except so far as it may be found
necessary to locate the routes of said railroads through such
reserved lands, m which case the right of way only shall be
and is heieby granted.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the other nine-
teen States in the fir>t section of this act named aie sever-
ally authorized to apply the proceeds of the lands hereby
severally granted to each of said States to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, or canals, or for the support of
schools. And the Commissioner of Public Lands, under
the direction of the Secretary of the fnterioi, shall issue to
each ofsaid nineteen States, respective!}, land warrants to
the amount in all to which each of said nineteen States arc
respectively entitled under thi* act, (except so far as the
lands gianted to Ohio and Indiana aie situated within the
limits ot said States;) and said nineteen States are severally
authorized to sell and dispose of said land warrants ; and
the same are to be valid and effectual in the hands of any
owner or holder thereof, and may he located by such owner
or holder upon any public land- for sale 01 subject to private
entry, and the same fees to be paid theiefor by the holders
theieof. And the title of the land so located by any owner
or holder of said land warrants, shall be secured and per-
fected to such owner or holder, in the same manner as otner
land warrants issued by the United States. Said land war-
rants shall be so engraved and punted a* to prevent decep-
tion and counterfeiting; shall be signed by the Secretaiy of
the Inteuor or the Commissioner of the Public Lands, or
for them by such other persons as the Secretary may direct,
and countersigned by the Governor of each State receiving
the same, or by such other officers as the said nineteen
States may respectively designate for that purpose; and
said land warrants shall be for not less than eighty, nor
over one hundred and sixty acres each: Provided, that no
State shall be authorized to locate any warrants in its own
name or for its own benefit j and that no warrant issued
under the provisions of this act, shall be located upon any
lands to winch there shall be a preemption right, or on
winch there shall be an actual settlement and cultivation,
except by the person holding such preemption right, or by
suelrsettler and cultivator. *
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That each and all of
the railroads m any State in the Union, made either wholly
or in part from the proceeds of the lands granted by this
act, are hereby made and declared post roads, and shall
forever hereafter, at all times, transport the mails, military
stores, forces and property of the United States, under the
direction of the proper officers thereof, and Congress may
by law fix the rate of compensation to be allowed for such
services. And until fixed by law for such compensation as
the Postmaster General shall direct.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all mineral lands
are hereby reserved to the United States from the operation
of this act, except such as are, or hereafter may be, by law
subject to private entry by individuals.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it Jurther enacted, That all the land
granted during the present Congress by any other act to
any State named herein, shall be deducted from the amount
granted by this act to sueh State.
The following is the substitute for the above
bill:
A BILL to equalize the grants of land to the several States,
for ceitain public purposes:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa- •
tines of the United States 0/ America m Congress assem-
bled, That there shall be, and hereby is severally granted
to each of the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont,
Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, New York,
New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Delaware, North
Caiolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky, Georgia
and Virginia, public lands at the rate of one hundred and
fifty thousand acres for each Senator and Representative to
which said States are respectively entitled.
Sec 2. And be it further enacted, That land warrants
shall be issued to each of said States, to the amount in all
to which they are respectively entitled under the preceding
section; and said States are seveially authorized to sell said
land warrants and apply the proceeds thereof to the support
of schools; or,-n portion thereof may be applied, under the
discretion of the Legislatures of said States respectively,
to aid m the construction of railroads or canals.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said land war-
lants shall be for not less than eighty or more than one hun-
dred and sixty acres each—and shall be valid in the hands
of the purchasers, and holders theieof, and may be located
by any such owner or holder, upon any of the surveyed
public lands, whieh shall be, at the time for sale and sub-
ject to ptivate entry. And the title to the land so located
under said warrants, shall be perfected to the owners or
holders thereof, in the same manner, as under other land
warrants issued by the United States, and the same fees to
be paid therefor, said land warrants to be properly engraved,
and printed, and signed, when issued by or under the direc-
tion of the Commissioner of Public Lands, and counter-
signed as they are sold by or under the direction of the Gov-
ernor of each ofsaid States respectively: Provided, That no
State shall locate any of said land warrants in its own name
or foi its own benefit, and no land warrant shall be located
upon any lands to which there shall be a prefemption right,
or upon which there shall be an actual settlement and cul-
tivation, except by the person holding such preemption right
or bv such settler and cultivator—and not more than one half
of any one section shall be located under said land warrants.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the half sections
or parts of sections of land remaining of the sections, upon
which said land warrants shall have been, in part, located,
shall not be sold for less than double the minimum price of
the public lands when sold, for the next three years after,
such land warrants have been located, 111 part, on said sec-
tions.
Sec. 5 And be it further enacted, That the United States
mail and the troops and property of the United States shall
be, at all times, transported on all lailroads made either
wholly or in part from the proceeds of the lands granted by
this act, under the direction of the proper officers and De-
partments of Government, for such compensation as Con-
gress may by law allow, and until so fixed by law for such
compensation as the Postmaster General shall direct.]
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the W^hole on the state of the
Union, (Mr Orr in the chair.)
The C H A1RM A N. The business first in order
is the consideration of the bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th June, 3855.
Mr. CLINGMAN said that, at a former ses-
sion, when a bill for the organization of the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska was under consideration, he
oroposed an amendment relative to the Indian
tribes, and the bill nowpending in committee con-
tained a provision in the identical language at that
time made use of by him; and the very fact that
more than two thirds of that Congress thoughtthe
territorial organization necessary, was sufficient
for him to support the bill now before them. He
voted for that bill because there was nothing of-
fensive in it, and because it was not likely they
could get anything better.
He should vote for the Senate bill, but was in
favor of striking out the Clayton amendment, not
because it was wrong, but because it would lead
to no practical result, and embarrass its passage.
Mr. Badgrr's amendment did not change the
