1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOJJE.
general fact, the canals were made by aliens in the
process of naturalization. What more have we
done? We have made sixteen thousand miles of
railroad, connecting the different parts of this
Union inseparably together, and thus overcoming
the want of centralization, and enabling ourselves
to look with pity and contempt upon the states-
man who seeks to alarm us into measures of
doubtful merit or value, by threatening us with a
dissolution of the Union. What labor made all
these railroads? I think it was the labor chiefly
of foreigners.
Now, what I wish to ask, is, whether these
roads and canals have cost too little? Suppose
that the foreigners had remained at home, and
American native labor had performed this work,
can anybody tell what the canals and railroads
would have cost ?
Again, what has been the diminution of the
cost of labor among ourselves? It ranges now
from seventy-five cents to a dollar a day. If there
were no foreign immigration here, and native
Americans were to perform all this labor, what
would be its cost? What would Have been the
condition of the country but for this labor? Sir,
I think we must take the case as it is. The in-
gress of the foreign population into this country
is a fixed and unchangeable fact. It has its cause
in the condition of society here, and in the con-
dition of society in foreign countries. Nothing
could prevent the exodus of the population from
Ireland when they were besieged in their native
homes by famine and pestilence. They came
here m obedience to a law which obliged them to
come. So it is of those parts of the population
of Germany and continental Europe which come
here. So it is of the population from China,
which is now flowing in upon the Pacific coast.
It cannot remain at home; it must come here, and
inasmuch as it must come here, we are to treat it
as if it were justly and wisely here.
Regarding, then, this immigration as to continue,
let us see what will be the effect of the measure m
question upon the interests of society in that re-
spect. The foreign immigration pours into the
cities just as it has hitherto done. When it en-
ters the gate a discrimination is found to be made
against it, and in favor of the native Americans.
The American citizen may go to the western
countries, to the new Territories, and occupy and
cultivate a farm. The aliens cannot. Whatthen
will happen? The American citizen will go. The
alien must remain. What is to be the effect? Is
it not seen at once that it breaks society into two
classes, and distributes them, not according to the
laws of supply and demand, but according to an
arbitrary principle or policy, obliging the foreigner
to remain in our cities, and upon our Atlantic
coast, and sending a large share of the native pop-
ulation into the West. How will that operate upon
the western portions of the country ? Do they not
want laborers? Are they not engaged in extend-
ing and perfecting the system of internal improve-
ments? Do they not want their share of this
foreign population there? If it is useful to us, is
it not useful to them? Are we through with all
that we have to do m the Atlantic States, so that
we can dispense with foreign labor, and resort to
the labor of American-born citizens exclusively?
Those may come to this conclusion who, in look-
ing through the different departments of industry
in the cities, believe—wisely and upon well ascer-
tained facts—that there is a surplus of labor in the
different departments of commerce and industry
in the Atlantic States; but I think they will find
themselves quite mistaken; and that if they send
away the alien population, they will find the prices
of agriculturaJ labor rise to a high advance iri the
Atlantic States, severely injurious to those States;
while a corresponding injury will result to the
western States from the absence of the foreign
labor.
Sir, it is time I should give the text of this ser-
mon. Here it is:
" Ho (the king ofEn^land) ha« endeavored to prcventthe
population of these States; for that purpose, obstructing
the laws for naturalization of foreigners; refusing to pa**
othei* to encourage their migration hither, and raising the
conditions of new appropriations of lands."—Declaration
of Independence.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, it is not my object
at the present time to enter into a long discussion
of the merits of this bill. In the few remarks which
I intend to make, I design to confine myself ex-
clusively to the section which is proposed to be
stricken out. I regret that the Senator from Mich-
igan [Mr. Stuart] is not now in his seat, for the
remarks which he made have produced in my
mind a desire to discuss the principles which he
avowed, and to bring them to his attention, and
that of the Senate, so that we may understand
correctly whether he is right,or whether my hon-
orable friends who preceded me upon the same
side of the question, with myself, are right.
The broad proposition assumed by that Senator
is that, according to the present land system of
the United States, any foreigner may become the
purchaser and owner of any land belonging to the
United States; consequently he can see no objec-
tion, such as has been urged by my honorable
friends 011 my side of the question, to the section
proposed to be stricken out. He can see no objec-
tion to giving the public lands to foreigners, be-
cause he says those foreigners may now become
the owners of the lands by purchase.
I am utterly mistaken, or the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan is wrong, in supposing that
foreigners can now buy the public domain. I
take the State represented by the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I take the State of Ala-
bama, without knowing, however, what may be
the local law of Alabama. I am apprised that
the law of Mississippi is as that of Maryland,
that no alien can become the owner of land within
the limits of that State.
Mr. CLAY. * That is the law of Alabama.
Mr. PRATT. That is the law of Alabama.
It possibly is the law of Louisiana.
* Mr. BENJAMIN. No, it is not.
Mr. PRATT. It is the law, however, of many
of the States of the Union in which the public
lands are located. It is, therefore, Mr. President,
perfectly clear, according to my conception, when
in Mississippi, in Alabama, and in other land States
as they are designated, the law of the State pro-
hibits an a#en from becoming the owner of the
land, that it is wrong to attempt, by this sixth
section, to annul the law of the State by making
it competent for an alien to hold land, when under
the State law he cannot hold it. There is no argu-
ment necessary, because the avowed object of the
bill is to give to every alien the power to hold
land within the limits of any State of this Union,
where the United States are the possessors of that
land.
I therefore submit, Mr. President, whether this
section should not be stricken out for the reason
which I now assign: That we should not "bring
the jurisdiction of the Federal Governmentin con-
flict with the jurisdiction of the States, which will
be undoubtedly done if the bill pass with the sec-
tion in it. That is one proposition which I desire
to submit.
It is argued further, that, under this section, no
alien, no foreigner, until he has become natural-
ized, can become the owner of the land. But, in
the first place, Mr. President, although he would
not acquire, by patent, the absolute title to the land,
he is entitled, under the bill, to hold it, not for five
years, as supposed by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, [Mr. Brown,] but as long as he may live;
and after he dies, it it is within one year or one
moment after he goes there—if he comes to this
country to-day, qnd goes upon the land to-mor-
row, carrying his children with him, equally born
foreigners, and he dies, those children, without
ever becoming naturalized, can become, under the
second section, taken in connection with the sixth,
absolute owners in fee, without a patent, of the
land which you give by the bill. If the foreigner
who removes to your public land dies at any
period, his children, by his death, become the
owners, m fee, of that laud; therefore, without
being naturalized, they are the owners in fee of the
land; and if they are under the age of twenty-one,
the executors of their father may, for their benefit,
sell the land in fee to whoever chooses to buy
it.
I say, then, Mr. President, that, under this
section of the bill, the occupancy of the public land
is not confined, as Senators have contended, to
persons who are to become citizens; but you are
bringing in direct conflict the jurisdiction of those
States which prohibit aliens from holding lands,
with the Federal Government, by giving the right
to foreigners m States which restrict them from
holding lands. You give to aliens in Mississippi
and Alabama, whose local laws prohibit it, the
right to hold in fee without becoming naturalized,
or applying to become naturalized.
But my friend from Delaware [Mr. Clayton]
pointed out another discrepancy in this section, to
which I wish to call the attention of the Senate.
If the Senate will look, for one moment, at the
first section of the bill, they will find that, in giving
the authority to citizens of the United States to
acquire the title to this land by the occupancy of
it, it is confined to any free white person who is
the head of a family. The sixth section, unin-
tentionally, 1 have no doubt, substitutes for-" free
white person" the designation of " anv indi-
vidual."
Mr. BADGER and Mr. CLAY. That relates
to foreigners.
Mr. PRATT. Any individual, who is a for-
eigner, whether white or black; whether capable
of becoming a citizen of Alabama, by the local
law of Alabama, or not; whether capable of be-
coming a citizen of Mississippi, according to the
policy of that State, or not, is, by this bill, to be
authorized to go to Alabama or Mississippi; and
by merely going upon the land, he becomes actual
owner, in fee, of the land itself; and if he should
die, his child becomes owner without any attempt
to become naturalized.
Mr. BUTLER. Does it not require natural-
ization ?
Mr. PRATT. This does not.
A Senator. He must file his declaration of
intention.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator does not under-
stand me. I say that, under this bill, any black
person from Cuba, or from Africa, can go to Mis-
sissippi or Alabama, and if he should die while
occupying the land, his children, being aliens
too, coming with him from Africa or Cuba, be-
come per se, from the fact of the occupancy of the
ancestor and his death, the actual owners, in fee,
of the land. The sixth section, it will be recol-
lected, puts aliens upon an equal footing with citi-
zens of the United States. The proviso to the
second section is, that if this person thus coming
here is dead, and his heirs shall prove by two cred-
ible witnesses that u they have continued to reside
upon and cultivate said land, and still reside upon
the same, and have not alienated the same, or any
part thereof, then, in such case, they shall be en-
titled to a patent, as in other cases provided for by
law." And then, again, there is the further pro-
viso:
" And provided further, In case of the death of both
father and inoiher, leaving an infant cin Id, or cinldien under
twenty-one yeats of aire, the right and Ihe fee shall inure
to the benefit of said mlant child or children, and the ex-
ecutor, administrator, or guardian may sell," &c.
So here, in the contingency which I have sug-
gested j is the absolute transfer, m fee, to an alien
negro who should emigrate to Mississippi or Ala-
bama, where, by law, he is not entitled to go at all.
Mr. BUTLER. Will my friend allow me to
interrupt him to enable me, and those who have
insisted upon the distinction, to be right? By
the naturalization laws passed in 1793, I thirk,
or 1794, after the adoption of the Constitution,
no person can become a citizen of the United
States unless he is a white person.
Mr. PRATT. 1 am not denying that.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But he can make a dec-
laration. That is all the law requires.
Mr. BUTLER. I want to get my friend right.
Mr. WALKER. I have no doubt the Senator
from Maryland intended to read the bill fairly;
but he certainly has not done so in one particular.
He has said that it is immaterial if the person
settling to-day should die to-morrow, his children
are to become entitled to a patent for the land.
He certainly hss not read the bill, or, if he has,
he has not correctly read this proviso:
" Providedy however, That no certificate shall he given or
patent issued there,lor, until tin; expiration of five years
trorn the date of ! ueh entry; and if, at the expiration of
such time, the person making such entry, or, if lie he dead,
his widow, or, m ca-<e ot her death, his heirs or devisee,
or, in case of a widow making ,-uch entry, her heirs ordo-
; visee, in case if her death. shall prove hv two credible
l witnesses that he, she, or they, have continued to reside
upon and cultivate t>aid land, <uid still le-wle upon the
same, and have not alien.ited the same, or any pat t thereof;
then, m such case, he. she, or they, shall he entitled to a
patent, as in other eases provided lor by law."
He will see, then, under that proviso, the chil-
dren are not to be entitled unless after the expira-
tion of five years. Then the next proviso is con-
nected with it by the conjunction "and";
