142
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 6,
ist in this case being an American citizen, instead
of shipping his rice and lard on board an Ameri-
can vessel, whereby he would have had to pay duty
upon landing the goods, shipped them on board of
a Spanish brig, and paid the duties upon them to
the collector of the port of Charleston. The brig
was wrecked, and never reached the port of desti-
nation.
The report sets forth that it was the object of
the law to impose those duties upon goods in
Spanish vessels, landed in Cuba. But inasmuch
as the petitioner never had the benefit-of landing
the goodsthere,it was considered unjust to impose
upon him the tonnage duties.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let it go over.
Objection being made to the bill, it went over
under the rule.
House bill (No. 104) " for the relief of Adolphus
Mier & Co., of St. Louis," coming up in order;
and having been read,
Mr. SKELTON objected, and it went over
under the rule.
Senate bill"forthe relief ofWilson &Brothers,
of St. Louis, Missouri," coming up in order, was
read through by the Clerk.
Mr. SKELTON objected to its consideration,
and it was laid over.
Senate bill " for the relief of Robert Grignon"
was then read through by the Clerk. This bill
provides for the payment to Robert Grignon of the
sum of $19,000, in full satisfaction of his claims
arising out of the treaty with the Menomonee tribe
of Indians.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The sum claimed is a
very large one, and this matter ought to be investi-
gated.
Mr. EASTMAN. There is not a more just
claim before Congress; and gentlemen will be sat-
isfied of the fact, if they will take the trouble to
listen to the reading of the report of the com-
mittee.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the report.
Mr. HAVEN, (interrupting.) I think this claim
ought to be looked into. I object.
Mr. EASTMAN. If the gentleman will only
have patience to hear the report read, he will see
that it is a perfectly clear case, and I am sure
will not object.
Mr. HAVEN. I have heard enough to satisfy
me that it involves a question which we ought not
to settle without examination.
Mr. EASTMAN. There is no question at all
involved.
Mr. HAVEN. I must object.
Mr. EASTMAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection, at least until he can hear read
a communication from the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. HAVEN. I cannot withdraw my ob-
jection.
The bill was therefore passed over.
The next bill coming up in order was the bill
" for the relief of George G. Bishop, and the legal
representatives of John Arnold, deceased."
Mr. EASTMAN. 1 object to its considera-
tion.
The Calendar having now been read through,
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, moved that
the committee rise, and report to the House the
bills laid aside for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the
Speaker pro tempore [Mr. Jones, of Tennessee]
having taken the chair, the Chairman [Mr. Dis-
ney] reported that the Committee of the Whole
House had, according to order, had under con-
sideration various private bills, and had directed
him to report back the following, with a recom-
mendation that they do pass:
House bill (No. 6') " for the relief of Lewis B.
Willis, late a paymaster in the Army of the
United States
House bill (No. 53) " for the relief of the legal
representatives of Isaac B. Siinonton, deceased;"
and
House bill (No. 100) " for the relief of Wil-
liam Blake."
ADJOURNMENT TILL TUESDAY.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move that
when the House adjourns, it adjourn to meet on
Tuesday next.
[Cries of " No! No !"]
Mr. EWING. 1 would suggest to my colleague
the propriety of not adjourning over to-morrow,
if we are to adjourn over Monday.
Mr. STANTON. I propose that we should
adjourn over till Tuesday,, because Monday is set
apart as the day on which the battle of New Or-
leans is to be celebrated. That is my only reason.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I demand tellers.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I will withdraw the
demand for tellers.
Mr. ROBBINS. I renew it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mace and
Sapp were appointed.
The question was then taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative—ayes
96, noes 37.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is it in order
to submit the motion that the House now proceed
to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table?
The SPEAKER. It is not; this being private
bill day.
The bill'' for the relief of Lewis P Willis, late a
paymaster in the Army of theUnited States,"was
then taken up, ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time;and being engrossed, was read a third
time, and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Is it not competent
to move that the bills reported from the Committee
of the Whole, with recommendations that they do
pass, be voted on en masse ?
The SPEAKER. That can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Bills Nos. 53 and 100, which were reported to
the House with the recommendation that they do
pass, were severally ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, were read
a third time, and passed.
BUSINESS ON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that the House do
now proceed to the consideration of the business
on the Speaker's table.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
SMALL NOTES IN DISTRICT OP COLUMBIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill, entitled " A bill to suppress the circulation of
small notes as a currency in the District of Co-
lumbia;" which was read a first and second time
by its title; and,
On motion by Mr. HAMILTON, referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
DISTRICT COURTS IN CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 28, " A bill concerning the district
courts of the United States in California;" which
was read a first and second time by its title; and,
On motion by Mr. LATHAM, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
WAREHOUSING.
The SPEAKER laid before the House Senate
bill No. 39, " A bill to extend the warehousing
system by establishing private bonded warehouses
and for other purposes;" which was read a first
and second time by its title; and,
On motion by Mr. COBB, referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.
The next bill upon the Speaker's table uas
Senate bill No. 13, entitled "A bill prescribing
the manner of appointing the Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury."
The SPEAKER. This bill is upon its third
reading; and upon that the previous question has
been demanded.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I wish to inquire,
sir, whether that is the Senate bill?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. My impression was
! that the question was upon a motion made by
i myself, that the bill should be referred to the
: Committee on the Judiciary. I therefoie move
! the previous question.
! The SPEAKER. The question now is on the
{ third readingof the bill. If the previous question be
, seconded, then the question will be on its reference;
if that fail, then the question will be on the amend-
| merit; and if that fail, then on ordering the bill to
! its third reading.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Breckinridge] withdraw his demand for
the previous question ? I propose to offer a sub-
stitute for the bill.
Several Members. "No!" "No!"
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be on
seconding the demand for the previous question. •
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. I suppose the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] would not
make the request he has made, unless he had fully
considered the effect ofhis substitute. As I am not
in the habit of standing in the_ way of gentlemen
under such circumstances, I withdrawmy motion
for the previous question.
Mr. ORR. I propose, sir, to offer a substitute
for the bill from the Senate. I desire the attention
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind the
gentleman from South Carolina that a motion to
refer having been made, and being now pending,
motion to amend the bill is not now in order.
Mr. ORR. I would inquire who made the mo-
tion to refer?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not recol-
lect, but he has the impression that it was made
by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Breck-
inridge.]
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Kentucky,
then, oblige me by withdrawing that motion also?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is reminded, and
he now recollects, that there are two motions of
reference pending, one to refer to the Committee
on Ways and Means, and the other, which was
made by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Breckinridge,] to refer to the Judiciary Commit-
tee.
Mr. ORR. The motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on Ways and Means was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. That motion was made by the
gentleman from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hibbard.J
Mr. IIIBBARD. To accommodate the gentle-
man from South Carolina, I will withdraw that
motion.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I object to the with-
drawal of those motions to refer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Virginia that he cannot object, or
at least, that his objection will not prevent the with-
drawal of the motions, because any motion made
by a member of the House is within his control
until the House shall have taken action upon it,
and thereby taken it out of his possession.
Mr. BRECKINRIDGE. If it is in order,
to accommodate the gentleman I will withdraw my
motion to refer the bill to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. BAYLY. 1 did not mean, nor do I now
mean, at all to make a point upon theSpeaker, or
to take an appeal from his decision. I wish,
therefore, that the Chair would not tell me that I
have nothing to say. [Laughter.] I apprehended
that the Chair was going to say that 1 meant to
intimate that when amotion had been once made,
and was in the possession of the House for two
or three days, no one member had a right to with-
draw it.
Mr. ORR. The only motion that cannot be
withdrawn is a motion to reconsider after the
second day succeeding the disposition of the ques-
tion proposed to be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. The 45th rule provides:
" After a motion is stated by the Speaker, or read by the
Clerk, it shall be deemed to be in ihe possession of the
Hoti>p, but may be withdrawn at any time betore a decis-
ion or amendment."
There has been no decision or amendment on
either of the motions to refer; consequently, un-
der that rule, the Chair thinks the motions are
under the control of the movers. A motion made
for reconsideration cannot be withdrawn by the
mover after the time has expired in which a mo-
tion for reconsideration can be made. That rule
is to prevent persons from making a motion of
that kind, and then, after the time has expired in
which the motion can be again msde, withdraw-
ing it, and thus take it out of the power of the
House to have a reconsideration.
Mr. ORR. I propose to amend the Senate
resolution by striking out all after the word " re-
solved," and insert in lieu thereof the words:
That hereafter, as the otiiceof As-i-tant Secretaiy of the
Treasury shall be vneatcd, the appointment ot his suc-
cessor shall be made by the president of the United Stales,
by and witil the advice and consent of the Senate.
In presenting this amendment, I desire to make
a brief statement, and I shall not consume much
