1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
143
of the time of the House in debating it. I desire
to conform the legislation of this Congress to that
of the last Congress. At the last Congress it was
thought necessary, in consequence of the in-
ciecised dignity of the Assistants Postmaster Gen-
eral—that that officer should be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate. That provision was, therefore, in-
serted in the Post Office bill of the last session of
Congress, and the amendment which I have pro-
posed and read was copied from it, word for word.
The provision was made prospective in its opera-
tion, as all legisatlion should be.
Gentlemen upon this floor have protested—and
I believe their protestations—that they have no
hostility to any particular individual in pressing
the passage of thin Senate resolution.
It does look as if in other quarters, not here,
that hostility was aimed at a particular person.
Now, special legislation against an individual is
generally dangerous, and it is always unjust.
This office was created in 1849, and it was not
found for a period of five years that he was of
that class or description of superior officers which
are required to be nominated by the President and
confirmed by the Senate. I do not think now
that he is an officer of that description. But
why, if there be no hostility to a particular person,
is it now thus suddenly found that the Constitu-
tion requires this officer to be appointed by the
President and confirmed by the Senate? The
very title of the officer is a sufficient description to
my mind of the character of the office which he
holds. It is that of Jlssistant Secretary of the
Treasury. That defines the character of the offi-
cer; and if the legislative department of the Gov-
ernment choose to invest the appointment of that
officer with the head of the bureau, or with the
President alone, they have a perfect right, in my
judgment, to do so.
I concur very fully in the constitutional argu-
ment made by my friend from Alabama, [Mr.
Phillips.] 1 concede that there is plausibility in
the argument made by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, but I do not think that the House will con- ,
cur in the conclusions to which he comes, that this
officer is one of that class of superior officers who
should, of necessity, be nominated by the President
and confirmed by the Senate The amendment,
as I stated before, will conform the legislation of
the present to that of the last Congress. It was
not pretended, during the last Congress, in the
section in the PostOffice bill, which came from the
Senate, that it would be just, right, and proper to
apply the law to the existing Assistants Postmaster
General; neither is it right to apply the law which
is proposed to be passed now to the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, I would ask
the gentleman from South Carolina whether the
• act to which he refers was not passed near the
close of the last session of Congress, when a new
Administration was coming into power, and when
the reasonable supposition was that there would
be an important change among those officers who
were to be appointed by the President, by and
with the consent and advice of the Senate?
Mr. ORR. I have no doubt there was an ex-
pectation that there might be a change in the ap-
pointment of these officers. The effect of the
resolution, whether these officers were to hold ten i
days, ten months, or ten years, is precisely the i
same. The declared purpose of Congress was not
to legislate out of office an inferior officer who had
derived his existence and authority from his supe-
rior in office, and the principle was universally ,
acquiesced in as correct. Now I desire that we shall |
follow tins wholesome piecedent and make the
resolution of the Senate retrospective m its opera- j
tion—apply the same rule to the Assistant Sec- j
retary of the Treasury that our piedecessors ap- ;
plied to the Assistants Postmaster General. The 1
substitute I offer accomplishes this result. This
matter has undergone a very full discussion, and
if the House concur with me in the view which I
take of it, they will pass the amendment which 1
offer; and upon it I call the previous question.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I desire to speak
upon the amendment.
The SPEAKER. There is a demand for the
previous question.
Upon seconding the demand for the previous
question, a division being had, there were-*-ayes
70, noes not counted.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. WHEELER. Upon that motion I call
for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkxer
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 73, noes 69.
So the motion was agreed to; and
The House, at three o'clock, p. m., adjourned
until Tuesdav.
IN SENATE.
Monday, Janwuy 9, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal ofThursday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. Nonius
in the chair) laid before the Senate a report from
the Secretary of War, communicating, in pur-
suance of the act of April 2, 1794, a statement
of the expenses of the national armories, and the
number of arms and appendages made thereat
during the year ending June 3, 1853; which was
ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in pursuance of the act of March 3,
1809, a statement of the expenditures for the con-
tingent expenses of the military establishment
during the year 1853; which was ordered to he
on the table, and be printed.
Also, a report of the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to the resolution of the Senate of the 27th
ultimo, relative to the experiments made to test the
relative efficacy and usefulness of the Onondaga
solar salt, and the Turk's Island salt, in the cure
and packing of provisions; which was ordered to
he on the table, atfd be printed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. WELLER presented the petition of Ed-
ward Wheeler, praying a pension m consideration
of the services of his father, Samuel Wheeler,
during the war of the revolution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Also, the petition of John Boykin, praying a
pension in consideration of the services of his
father, Bias Roykm, during the war of the Revo-4!
lution; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BRIGHT piesented the petition of Judson
R. Osgood, of Indianapolis, praying the enact-
ment of such laws relating to American patents as
shall more effectually guard the rights of patentees
from foreign infractions; winch was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
Mr. CHASE. I hold in my hand, and desire
to ask for it the favorable consideration of the
Committee on the Judiciary, a memorial signed
by the judges and members of the bar of Cincin-
nati, repiesenting the great importance of speedy
action upon the bill to divide the State of Ohio
into two judicial districts, growing out of the ex-
tension of maritime jurisdiction in the couits of
the United States, f ask that it may be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and I hope
the committee will give early attention to the sub-
ject.
it was so referred.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of C. H. I
Crawford and others, of Dayton, Ohio, praying!
the enactment of a law giving fuither remedies to '
patentees; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
: Also, the proceedings of a meeting of citizens
of Cincinnati, Ohio, held on the 30th of Decem-
' her, 1853, relative to the destruction of the railroad
passing through the city of Erie, by the citizens
: of Erie; which was referred to the Committee on
■ the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CASS presented the petition of George
1 Fitzsimmons, prayimr to be allowed arrears of
i pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
1 Also, the petition of David P. Weeks, praying
!i to be allowed his pension, which was suspended
' duiing the time he was employed in the War De-
: partmenf; which was refeired to the Committee
; | on Pensions.
'! Mr. JOHNSON presented the petition of R.
W. Johnson, praying the establishment of amail
route from Antoine to Camden, in the State of
Arkansas; which was referred to,the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a letter from F. Boothe, in favor of the
establishment of a mail route from Powhattan
to Gainesville, in Arkansas; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, a memorial of chaplains of the Army,
praying the establishment of a corps of chaplains
similar to the medical corps; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion by Mr. BELL, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers relative to the
claim of A. J. Williamson be withdrawn from the files of
tiie Senate, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papers ol William Senna
Factor be withdrawn from the files of the Senate, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
On motion by Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky,
it was
Ordeied, That the petition of William L. Meredith, pray-
in? compensation lor the services of his father m the army
of the. Revolution, he withdrawn from the files ofthe Senate
and referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
On motion by Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and papeis in the cape of
George Barrell and S. V. S. Wilder, in behalf of them-
selves and other hein of the owners ol the ! hip Columbia
and sloop Washington, ami others, be withdrawn from the
lileft of the Senate, and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papeis ofRoberi H. Ham-
ilton he withdrawn from the file* of thejSenate, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Oil motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordeted, That the petition and papers of the administra-
tors of C. P. Van Ne^s be wiihdiawn from the files of the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That Jean Baptiste Beaubien have leave to
withdraw Ins petition and papers.
On motion by Mr. PEARCE, it was
Ordered, That the memorial ot the administrators of Wil-
liam A. Slacum, deceased, be withdiawn from the files of
the Senate, ami referred to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations.
REPORTS FROM STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT. I am requested to ask that the
Committee on Public Lands, to which was referred
the memorial of Robert B. Steptoe and others, be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Piivate Land
Claims, to which committee it appropriately be-
longs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GWIN, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the petition of the
Rev. John Reynolds, praying to be allowed extra
pay and traveling expenses as chaplain in the
army stationed in California, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Chums*, to which was referred the peti-
tion of Albert G. Howel, submitted a report ac-
companied by a bill for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of William Weeks; which
was read a fn st time, and ordered to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of Charles Derhigny
i and others, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill confirming a certain land claim in Louisiana
' known as the Fle'unan claim; which was read a
i first time, and order ed to a second reading; and the
! report was ordered to be printed.
I He also, from the same committee, to which
! was referred a bill confirming certain land claims
' in Louisiana in the Bastrop grant, reported it
back without amendment, and recommended its
: passage.
| He also, from the Committee on Commerce, to
which was referred the memorial of Francis B.
Offden, submitted an adverse report thereon.
"Mr. HAMLIN, from the Committee on Print-
in"", submitted the following oider; which wan
considered, by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Ordered, That fen thousand copies of the lettoi ofthe
Secretary of the Tiea«urv, communicating the report ofthe
Superintendent of the Ooa-t Purvey tor the y<Mrlaotf,m
addition to the usual number, be piloted; five thnuxind
copies thereof tor the use of the Senate, and the remainder
