854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 5,
tion will take its place among the other bills to be
acted on by the House.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will not make objection to the read-
ing of the report. He would understand it in one
minute. I would not press the matter, but that
I cannot be here when the bill would come up in
its regular order.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand that; but I do
not consider that that is any good reason for the
House to go now into the merits of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the gentleman from
Virginia will allow the report to be read, I know
that he, or any other member, will make no objec-
tion to the passage of the bill.
Mr. ORR. I understood the gentleman to say
he was not going to put any bill upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. LETCHER. I move the report be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed.
The question was put, and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the same committee,
also made adverse reports in the following cases;
which were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed:
On the petition of E. P. Hastings, for compen-
sation as pension agent at Detroit from 1836 to
1846;
Petition of James M. French, of the city and
State of New York, for an invalid pension on ac-
count of disabilities received in the last war with
Great Britain;
Petition of Levi Colmus, praying that a pension
may be allowed him from 1814 to 1844, when he
was placed on the pension roll;
Petition of Hiram Cook and others, heirs of
Archibald Cook, asking for a pension;
Petition of Jf>hn Owens, praying for a pension;
Petition of Oliver Main, of New York, asking
for a pension for military services in the war of
1812;
Petition of Constance A. Palmer, for a pen-
sion;
Petition of Benjamin F. Wesley, a disabled
soldier of the war of 1812, asking for a pension
from February 3, 1814, to the 16th November,
1843, when his pension commenced;
Petition of Daniel Ladd, an invalid of the war
of 1819, praying for a pension;
Petition of Elijah Frye, of Maine, asking a
pension for injuries received in the war of 1812;
Petition of Morris G. Holmes, for the same
relief; and
Petition of Robert H. Stevens, for a pension
for services in the United States Army in 1840.
EXPENSES OF ROGUE RIVER INDIAN WAR.
Mr. LANE, of Oregon. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to offer a resolution of in-
quiry only.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War bo requested to
transmit to this Ilou-o such estimates lor muster rolls and
vouchers appertaininu to the expenses incurred in the late
war witil the Rogue llivor Indiana, as may be in hia pos-
session, with such recommendation as he may deem right
and proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not de-
sire to object to the gentleman's resolution, but 1
desire to say to the Delegate from Oregon, that it
will do no good to pass the resolution. Calls
were made upon the Secretary of War for inform-
ation two months ago,and,as yet, no information
has been given, lie has paid no attention to the
calls.
Mr. LANE. I would say to the gentleman
that I know the Secretary of War well enough to
know that he will act promptly, if the resolution
is passed; and i hope it will not be objected to.
Mr. WASHBURNE. I do not object to its
introduction.
There being no objection, the resolution was in-
troduced and passed.
REV. JAMES COOK RICHARDSON.
Mr. SEWARD asked and obtained unanimous
consent to introduce the following resolution;
which was read, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States fur-
nish to this House copies of alt the correspondence which
• has passed between the United States Charge d'Affaires at
Vienna, Austria, and the State Department, in regard to the
case of the Rev. James Oook Richardson ; also, all the cor-
respondence which has passed between the same m regard
to the rejection of the exequator upon the commission of
the United States Consul appointed for Trieste.
Mr. COBB. I now call for the regular older
of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports, commencing
with the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
REPORTS FROM THE COMMITTEE ON THE
POST OFFICE AND POST ROADS.
Mr. OLDS, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill of the fol-
lowing title; which was read a first and second
time by its title, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed:
A bill to provide for the appointment of a Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General, and for other pur-
poses.
Also, reported back without amendment, Senate
bill (No. 247) " for the relief of Zadoc C. Ingra-
ham," with a recommendation that it do pass;
which was read, and referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. OLDS. The committee have also directed
me to report the following joint resolution, to
which I ask the attention of the House, as J pro-
pose to move to put it upon its passage.
The resolution was read by its title, as follows:
Joint resolution explanatory of the second sec-
tion of the resolution to establish certain post
routes, approved July 12, 1852.
The resolution was then read in extenso.
Mr. OLDS, If the House will listen to me for
one minute, I think 1 can satisfy them of the
necessity there is for the passage of this resolu-
tion. It is a matter of very small importance, so
far as the amount is 6oncerned, involving perhaps
not more than one hundred dollars. The last
Congress passed a resolution providing for paying
for the services rendered upon the mail route re-
cited in the resolution; but by the reading of the
resolution the Postmaster General construed it as
authorizing the payment of the service only up to
the time of the passage of the resolution. But
the service was rendered during the time of the
advertising, which took place in consequence of
its becoming a post route, up to the time of the
regular letting under the law; and the object of
this bill is to provide for the payment for that ser-
vice. This resolution provides for the payment
from the time of the passage of the resolution to
which I have alluded up to the time of the regular
letting of route. With this explanation I leave the
resolution to the House, trusting that it will be
passed.
The resolution was then ordered to be engrossed
and read third a time; and having been engrossed,
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. OLDS. I suppose, in accordance with the
usual custom, I must make the motion that the
vote by which the resolution passed be reconsid-
ered, and that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The question was taken; and the latter motion
agreed to.
Mr. GREY, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported the following bills;
which were read a first and second time by their
titles, referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the dayfor to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the benefit of J. C. Buckles, of Louis-
ville, Kentucky; and
A bill for the benefit of McAttee & Eastham.
Mr. McDOUGALL, from theCommitteeon the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported the follow-
ing bill; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of James S. Graham and
Walker H. Finnall.
TRANSPORTATION OF CALIFORNIA MAIL.
Mr. McDOUGALL also reported the following
bill; which was read a first and second time by
its title:
A bill to empower the Postmaster General to
contract for the transportation of the United States
mail from New Orleans to San Francisco accord-
ing to time.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. I desire to ask, if it
be the pleasure of the House, to put that bill upon
its passage. .1 ask that it may be read through,
after which I propose to make some explanation
of its provisions.
The original bill was then read, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled^
That from and after the passage of this act, it shall be tho
duty of the Postmaster Geneial to negotiate and conclude
a'contract or agreement for the transportation of the letter
and paper mail of the United States from New Orleans, in
Louisiana, to San Francisco, m California, and from San
Francisco to New Orleans, twice a month, each way,
with such person or peisons who shall first accept the pro-
posals herein provided, and give satisfactory security for
the performance of the service, and shall allow and pay the
transportation of said mail in monthly payment", at the
rate according to tune, as per schedule hereto attached and
made a part of this act.
In 25 days  $100,000
III 24 days    100,000
In 23 days  200,000
In 22 days  300,000
tn 21 days  350,000
In 20 days  450,000
In 19 days  500,000
In 18 days  600,000
In 17 days  720,000
In 16 days  850,000
In 15 days  1,000,000
In 14 days  1,230,OOO
In 13 days  1,,300,000
In 12 days  1,700,000
In 11 days  1,800.000
In JO days  2^5U0,000
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Geneial shall require from the parties so contracting proper
evidence of his or their right and authority to transport the
mails of the United States through and across any foreign
country, State, or Territory; and also, a stipulation or
agreement to prepare lor, and actually commence the ser-
vice under the contract hereby directed, on or before the
expiration ol six months after this act shall become a law.
Sec. 3. Aud be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is not authorized or empowered to make any ad-
vance of the funds or credit of the Government in fuither-
ance or aid of the undertaking, or for the use and benefit
of the parties so contracting
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it fuither enacted, That the parties so
contracting shall in no event receive from Government in-
creased compensation.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the contract
hereby directed shall be for the term of ten yeais.
The substitute proposed by the committee for
the above bill, was read as follows:
Be it enacted, <$'c., That from and after the passage of this
act, if :-hall be the duty of the Pohtinastei Geneial to accept
a contiact or agreement for the transportation of the letter
and paper mail of the United States from New Orleans, in
Louisiana, to San Francisco, in California, and irom San
Francisco to New Orleans, twice a month cach way, with
such pei^on or persons who will agree to perform the ser-
vice, between the points designated, in the shortest time,
and shall first accept the proposal herein provided, and give
satisfactory security lor the performance of the service.
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized and directed
to allow and pay lor the transportation of said mail, in
monthly payments—the rate accouhng to time—as per
schedule hereto attached and made part of this act.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General shall require trom the parties so contracting, proper
evidence of his or their right and authority to transport the
mails of the United States through and across any foreign
country, State, or Territory; and also a stipulation or
agreement to prepare for and actually commence the ser-
vice under the contract hereby directed, on or before the
expiration of six months after this act shall become a law.
In 25 days  §10,000
In 24 days  10,000
In 23 days  20,000
In 22 days  30,000
In 21 days  40,000
In 20 days  50,000
In 19 days  100,000
In 18 days  250,000
In 17 days  450,000
In 16 days  850,000
In 15 days  1,000,000
In 14 days  1,250,000
In 13 days  1,300.000
In 12 days  1,400,000
In 11 days  1,500,000
In 10 days  1,600,000
Provided, That the Postmaster General shall so ariange
thedepaitureof the mails herein provided for, in connection
with the line already established, so as to secure a weekly
mail communication between the points designated.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General is not authorized or empowered to make any ad-
vance of the funds or credit of the Government in further-
ance or aid of the undertaking, or for the use and benefit of
the paittes so contracting.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the parties so
contracting shall in no event receive from Government in-
creased compensation
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the contract
hereby directed shall be for the term of ten years.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if at any time
during the existence of this contract, any other individuals
or company shall establish a more speedy conveyance of
the mails between New Orleans and San Francisco, and
shall give proof to the Postmaster General that said convey-
ance has been in succe.-sful opeialiou for three consecutive
months, then and in that case it shall be the duty of the
Postmaster General to transfer this contract to said individ-
