,144
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 10.
for distribution by the Coast Survey Office; and that the
same be bound with the plates, in quarto form ? and that the
plates be panted under the direction of the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey.
Mr. HAMLIN. I believe there has been no
vote of the Senate ordering the printing of that
document. I move, therefore, that the usualnuin-
ber be printed for the use of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN, from the same committee, re-
ported a joint resolution authorizing an increase
of the force in the office of the Superintendent of
Public Printing; which was read a first time, and
ordered to a second reading; and, on Mr. Ham-
lin's motion, a letter from the late Superintendent,
accompanying the joint resolution, was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of the adminis-
trator of the late Lieutenant Michael Everly, an
officer in the war of the Revolution, praying that
a pension may be granted to his children, submit-
ted a report, accompanied by a bill for the relief of
the children of the late Lieutenant. Michael Everly,
a revolutionary officer. The bill was read a first
time, and ordered to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
He ateo, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Mary C. Hamilton,
widow of the late Captain Hamilton, praying for
a pension, submitted a report accompanied by a
bill for her relief. The bill was read afirst time,
and ordered to a second reading ; and the report
was ordered, to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of Daniel Nichols, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to which were referred the memorial
and papers of Amoe and John E. Kendall, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration of
the same, and that they be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary; which was agreed to.
— He also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill to amend the act " to divide
the State of Arkansas into two judicial districts,
and for other purposes," asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the same, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary; which was agreed to.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. BRIGHT gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to certain railroad
companies, for the benefit of the States in which
they are situated.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to authorize the payment
of invalid pensions in certain cases.
Mr. DODGE, of Wisconsin, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill making
grants of land in aid of the construction of a rail-
road from Madison, in the State of Wisconsin, to
the Mississippi river, in said State.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, gave notice of his inten-
tion to ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
paymasters' clerks who served in Mexico.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BADGER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill allowing a
credit, for a limited period, on duties on railroad
iron imported into the United States; which was
read twiceby its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary
Mr. MALLORY, in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill to provide for the establishment of a marine
hospital at St. Marks, in the State of Florida;
which was read tv/ice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky, in pursuance
of previous notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill to provide for the payment of
such creditors of the late Republic of Texas as
are comprehended in the act of Congress of Sep-
tember 9, 1851); which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. MALLORY,* in pursuance of previous
notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a
bill giving the right of way and granting alternate
sections of certain public lands to the State of Flor-
ida, to further the construction of certain railroads
therein; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. BAYARD, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce " A
bill to provide for the public printing, engraving,
and binding;" which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WALKER. Without a special order, that
bill will not be printed until after it is reported
from the committee. As it is a bill of so general
interest, I feel anxious to see it, and therefore
move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ISTHMUS OF TEHUANTEPEC.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to communicate to the Senate, if not in his opinion
incompatible with the public interest, any correspondence
that may have taken place between the Government of the
United States and that ol Mexico respecting the right
of way across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, not embraced
in the communication made by President Fillmore on that
subject to the Senate on July 27, 1852; also, under like
limitation, to communicate to the Senate all information in
the pos&ession of the Kxeeutive concerning the action of
the Mexican Government in relation to said right of way,
and any pioposed convention concerning it.
Mr. President, as this resolution is one of in-
quiry only, I propose to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate for its adoption at this time.
But before doing so, in order to prevent any mis-
apprehension of motive, I desire to say a few
words. The Senate has now under consideration
a communication from the Executive, made in
response to a resolution offered by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass.} The discussion
which is about to take place on that communica-
tion, it is evident to all, will take a much wider
range than the simple interpretation of the treaty,
which was the basis of the call of that Senator.
In that discussion it is not my intention to par-
ticipate; I leave it in abler and better hands. But,
sir, when that treaty comes under discussion before
the Senate, with the communications from both
Governments in relation to that treaty, it will be
found that the treaty embraces the whole subject
of Isthmian communication. It embraces the com-
munication across that very Isthmus to which my
resolution is pointed—a communication which
particularly interests not only my own constit-
uency, but nearly every southern State, every
State in the valley of the Mississippi, and the en-
tire American population on the Pacific ocean. I
think it will be found that that subject is one neces-
sarily embraced in thediscussion, which will form
a proper corollary to it, and in relation to which I
shall ask the indulgence of the Senate for a hear-
ing; but it will only be after the general discussion
shall have been closed, and with the view that the
Committee on Foreign Relations may be put in
possession of the entire subject-matter, so that
their report may present all the matters of inter-
est embraced m these Isthmian lines of communi-
cation. It is with that view that I propose to
make this call; and I hope there is no objection to
the passage of the resolution, being, as I said be-
fore, merely one of inquiry.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
RAILROAD TO THE PACIFIC.
The PRESIDENT appointed Messrs. GfwiN,
Bright, Rusk, Douglas, Bell, Eveiiei r, Sew-
ard, Geyer, and Evans, the select committee to
consider that portion of the President's message
and accompanying documents relative to a railroad
to the Pacific ocean, and the various bills relating
thereto; which was ordered to be appointed by
: the resolution adopted on the 4th instant.
! HARBOR AND RIVER IMPROVEMENTS.
! Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I submit the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Depaitmpnt of War
furm«h the Senate, a? soon as pmetieabSe, with a report of
all tiie work done under the appiopnations of 1852, in ref-
erence to westeiri livers and harbois.
I do not think there can be any objection to that
resolution. It relates to rivers and harbors. I
therefore hope the Senate will oblige me by consid-
ering it now.
Mr. STUART. As I understand it, I should
prefer to let it lie over.
Mr. JONES. Very well. Let it go over.
DETENTION OF THE NORTHERN MAIL.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be requested to
communicate to the Senate the causes of the repeated de-
tention of the northern mail, particulaily between the cities
of New York and Washington ; and whether, in his opin-
ion, any action is required on the part of Congress for the
effectual removal of those causes.
NEW POST ROUTES.
Mr. SEBASTIAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roarls be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing, by law, po-Jt routes from Memphis, in the State
of Tennessee, by way of Wittsburg and Augusta, to
Searcy, in White county, Arkansas; and from Jackson-
port, in the State of Arkansas, to White Haus, in the county
of Izard, in the same State; and fiom Jacksonport to
Ciarksville, all in said State.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 10, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
Mr. CASS. A message will soon be received
from the House of Representatives, which will
undoubtedly render it proper for us to adjourn in
the course of a few minutes. To-day was assigned
for the consideration of the motion to refer the
President's message and documents in relation to
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. As we cannot con-
sider that subject to-day, I move that it be post-
poned to, and made the special order for, to-mor-
row.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, transmitting a report from Willis A.
Gorman and Richard M. Young, commissioners
appointed by the President of the United States to
investigate the charges of fraud alleged against
Alexander Ramsey, late Superintendent of Indian
Affairs in MinnesotaTerritory; which was referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. FISII presented the petition of Henry IC.
Brown, praying for fourteen pieces of condemned
brass cannon, to enable him to cast an equestrian
statue of Washington, to be erected in the city of
New York; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Also, the petition of John Thomas, praying an
| appropriation to enable him to build an engine as
! an improvement on the steam-engine; which was
! referred to the Committee on Commerce.
i Also, certain proceedings of the grand jury in
I the southern district of New York, representing
! the necessity of the Government providing build-
| ings for the detention and custody of prisoners
I and persons held as witnesses; which was referred
; to the Committee on the Judiciary,
j Mr. MALLORY presented the memorial of
I certain officers of the Army at Fort Vancouver,
,! in Washington Territory, praying an increase of
jj the commutation price of their rations; which was
t referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
! Mr. SHIELDS presented two petitions from
! citizens of Blair county, Pennsylvania, praying
| that one hundred and sixty acres of land may be
| granted to each of the soldiers in the war of 1812,
| and all subsequent wars, without regard to rank
; and length of service; which was referred to the
! Committee on Public Lands.
i Mr. DAWSON presented the petition ofMoren
! Moore, praying to be allowed the difference be-
| tween the pensions paid his father and mother and
that to which they were entitled; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented two petitions of cit-
izens of New York, praying that a contract may
be entered into with Christian Hansen, for the
