THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
- i\ -r M <
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C-
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1854.
ISTew Series.,>Jo,.108,
Means if it is contemplated by the bill to create
a new regiment or regiments?
■ Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir. It only provides
for the supply of those regiments now in exist-
ence. The item just read is intended to keep up
the supply of horses necessary in the place of
those giving out every year.
When the following clause was read,
"For the manufacture of arms at the national armories,
#250,000,"
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky, said: I am di-
rected by the majority of the select committee
appointed to examine into the affairs of the na-
tional armories, to report the following1 amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the clause just
read:
Prodded, That so much of the laws heretofore parsed
which nuthonzed the appointment of military officeis to
superintend the operations at the national armoring be, and
the same is hereby, repealed ; and from and after the pas-
sage of this act it shall be the duty of the President of the
United States, by and with the advice of the. Senatv, to
appoint a competent and well qualified civilian, as super-
intendent at each of said armories,
Mr. S. then addressed the committee for an
hour in support of his amendment, and upon the
subject generally of the military superintendence
of armories. His remarks, withheld for revision,
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. DICKINSON obtained the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts will yield me the floor, I will make a
motion that the committee rise, for the purpose of
going back into the House and passing a resolu-
tion to close the debate upon this bill.
Mr. KEITT. I trust not.
Mr. LETCHER: I hope the proposition will
not be assented to. Do I understand the gentle-
man from'Massachusetts as yielding the floor for
this put pose?
Mr. DICKINSON. I do not yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope this debate will not
be closed until my colleague [Mr. Fatti.kner]
from th« Harper's Ferrydistrict,a member of this
committee, and who, as well as his constituents,
is deeply interested in this matter, shall have an
opportunity of being heard.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it is the determination of
the committee to keep open this debate until the
gentleman from the Harper's Ferry district returna,
H will be a great deal better to put the bill aside,
and take up some other bill.
Mr. KEITT. I desire to make this simple
statement, that this House appointed a committee
to examine this subject. We were engaged in the
examination for four months, and submitted a vol-
ume of testimony, of nearly three hundred pages,
and two reports, not one of which, f suppose, has
been read by any member of this House. Now,
if the subject was of sufficient importance to war-
rant the appointment of that select committee, will
this House turn the thing into a farce by taking
action without reading a word of the reports of
that committee?
Mr. STANTON. They have had two months
to read them.
Mr. DICKINSON then resumed the floor, and
replied to someportions of Mr. Stanton's speech.
His remarks are withheld for revision, and will be
found in the Appendix.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to ask the indulgence of
the committee to make a motion which requires
unanimous consent. I am compelled to leave the
city this evening. I have been detained for the
last three or four days to wait for the disposition
of the river and harbor bill. I feel a good deal of
interest in the amendment I propose to offer, and
I hope the committee will give me their consent
to offer it, although it is out of order.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. 2. Jiadbe it further enacted, That the military
storekeeper at Rome arsenal, New York, be allowed from
the first day of October, 1812, the same compensation as is
authorized by the act^of the 23d of August,' 184*2, to be
paid to the storekeepers at the Washington, Pittsburg, and
Watervhet arsenals, and that there be paid to military store-
keeper James S. Aheel, twenty dollars per month, for and.
during the time he'has performed the duties of commissary,
and assistant commissary of subsistence and quartermaster.
108
The CHAIRMAN. To what clause in the bill
does the gentleman propose to offer it?
Mr. HOWE. As an independent section.
The CHAIRMAN, That is not in order.
Mr. HOWE. 1 am aware that it is not, but I
suppose it may be offered by unanimous consent.
The CHAIRMAN, it may, if there be no
objection.
Mr. WALSH. I object.
Mr. HOWE. Well, sir, f ask the leave of the
committee to make a statement.
There was no objection, and Mr. H. proceeded:
The facts of the case are simply these: Captain
James S. Abeel has been a military storekeeper
at Rome arsenal, New York, since the 23fi of
January, 1838, at which time the compensation
attached to his office was $1,250 per annum. By
the act of 1842, the number of military store-
keepers was limited to fifteen, and they were
divided into two classes. Five of those, who were
also to discharge the duties of paymaster, were
to constitute the first class, and their compensation
was fixed at $1,250 per annum. The remaining
ten were to constitute the second class, and to
receive a compensation of §800 per annum. Cap-
tain Abeel was placed in the second class, and his
salary reduced from §1,250 to $800 per annum.
Since the passage of the act, two of the store-
keepers placed in the second class have had their
compensation increased to that of first class
storekeepers viz: F. A. Webber, of Watertown
arsenal, under the act of March 3, 1849, and
David Butler, of the Little Rock arsenal, Arkan-
sas, by the act of September 28, 1850. The pay
of the second class, on duty in New Mexico,
California, and Oregon, has also been increased
to the pay of the first class.
Now, sir, the office of military storekeeper is
one of considerable responsibility. He is respon-
sible for the stores placed in his charge; and to
give some idea of the value of those placed in his
charge, I will state that there were, under the
charge of Captain Abeel in 1847, $286,922 29.
In 1853 there were $123,803. I will also state
that he is required to give bond and security to the
amount of $15,000.
These are the circumstances under which I have
asked leave to offer this amendment increasing
the compensation of Captain Abeel from $800 to
$1,250 per annum. Now, sir, in reference to the
personal history of this gentleman, I will say that
it shows that his life has been one of no ordinary
gallantry in the service of his country. When
only seventeen years of age, he foughi-most gal-
lantly at the battle of Lundy's Lane, carrying the
flag of his country in the thickest of the fight;
and when it was riddled with balls he still held
the shattered staff in his hands. He suffered
great exposure during the war. He continued in
the service during the entire war, as I am in-
formed, suffering such exposure as entirely to
deprive him of his voice. Since then he has been
unable to articulate a loud word. He is utterly
disqualified for any other pursuit, and has a family
of eight children depending on him for support.
Now, I put thequestion to the committee, whether
this man,.under these circumstances, is to have
his compensation cut down from $1,250 to $800
by ageneral, not a special act? I ask whether such 1
a man, disabled in his country's service, has not
the right to come here and appeal to justice and
patriotism to see that his children do not lack
bread. I have nothing further to say, and leave
the subject with the committee. ^
Mr. KEITT. The chairman of the select
committee is absent just now; and as it seemed to
be the general understanding that this bill was to
be passed over, I will make that motion.
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 would suggest that we
should go into the House, and take up some other
business.
Mr. HOUSTON. The committee may lay this
bill aside, and take up some other which may be
passed this evening. The Post Office appropria-
tion bill may be taken up.
Mr* KEIT-T. My colleague [Mr. Aiken] de-
sires to have taken up and considered a bill
com- /
V
which was reported from his. committee?, aod I
therefore hope my motion will be agreed to;.
The question was taken; and the motion icu
agreed to. ■
So the Army appropriation bill was laid aside.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BUL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move tha.t Ho,use bijl
No. 336—the Post Office appropriation bill—lie
taken up for consideration.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HAVEN. I move that the first reading
of the bill, which is for information, be dispensed
with, and that the bill be read by sections foe
amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk then read the bill by paragraphs for
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it pass.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL. •
Mr. AIKEN. I move to take up House bill
No. 351, making appropriations for light-houses*
iight-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. AIKEN, the first reading
of the bill was dispensed with.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by
paragraphs for amendments.
When the following clause was read:
. u Maine.—For rebuilding light-house and keeper'sdwetl-
ing on Petit Menan Island, ^3.1,000,"
Mr. McMULLIN said: 1 desire to know if
this is the light-house in the State of Maine that
was built some years ago by a compromise? 'I
should likethe gentleman representing that district
to give me some information in regard to this mat-
ter. This is a proposition from the reading of
which I gather that it is for the rebuilding of a
light-house in the State of Maine. Has the old
light-house at that point been burned down.' has
it rotted away ? has it been washed away ? or
what has been done with it? I should like to be
informed in this matter. Here is an appropriation
of $25,000 asked for, and we are not distinctly
put in possession of the facts. I received inform-
ation, not long since, to this effect: a controversy
arose m the State of Maine as to the situation of
a light-house between two points, the people on
one side of the island or river desiring it to be
built on their side, and the people on the other
desiring to have it on theirs; and, by way of com-
promise, they agreed to build it between the two
points, and an appropriation was asked for to
make a mode of conveyance, by which to reach
the light house.
Now, 1 do not know whether this is the light-
house that is provided for by the appropriation just
read, but 1 desire to be informed whether it is or not.
Let the committee be informed of all the facts. If
they propose to rebuild a light-house there, what
has become of the old one? I confess that, with-
out such information, it would be, to my mind,
going it rather blind to make this appropriation.
If it be the pleasure of the committee, however,
to make this appropriation without such informa-
tion, of course they may do so. But for the pur-
pose of procuring for this committee, and for
myself, some light—as I desire to vote under-
standing^—I move to strike out that provision of
the bill.
Mr. AIKEN. I have only a word to say in
reference to this matter. There are only three
items for the building of light-houses in Maine.
They are all in a dilapidated condition. Their
rebuilding has been petitioned for, and they have
been examined by the Light-House Board, and
recommended by them.
In regard to the compromise which the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] alludes to,
I have to say that 1 know nothingabputit,and t
