1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
855
Hal or company, whereupon the former company or indi-
vidual shall not be deemed to have any claim lor damage,
or otherwise^ against the Government.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire in a few
brief remarks to explain the provisions of the bill
which is now before the House. The public in-
terests seem to require that we should have addi-
tional mail facilities between the Atlantic and the
Pacific States. We have now already a mail be-
tween those States by way of Panama. Under
the present contract, the average length of the
trips is twenty-five days, at an expense of near
§800,000 per year. I have thought that the ex-
pense is too great and the time too long. And I
might as well answer here as at any other point,
the objection that is sometimes urged when we
speak of the value of short trips. I am told that
two or three days in a trip make but little differ-
ence. When this bill was first sent to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, it was
referred by them to the Postmaster General, and
I have his letter—and it is but respectful to him
that I should allude to it—in which he says that
a few days in each trip are of little consequence.
The letter is as follows:
Post Office Department, Marck 20, 1854.
Str: Your note of the 9ih mutant, inclosing and askinj?
my views upon the bill herewith returned, came duly to
band.
In answer, X have to inform you that I have carefully
considered the plan of mail service proposed in this bill,
and, in every point of view in which it has pre ented itself
to me. its adoption appears to mc to be inexpedient.
The difference of a tew days in the performance of atrip
is of consequence comparatively only to a limned portion
of the whole piioph:; and even looking exclusively to the
transportation of the mad*, an increased expedition of a
few days on a given trip can be of essential importance, at
the utmost, to not more probably than one quarter of those
engaged m coirespomience.
It is proper fuithe.r to observe, that the present cost of the
service fiom New York and New Orleans to California and
Oregon (about $738,000 a year) is considered to be much
feevond what the income fiom the lines will justify, espe-
cially in view of the circumstance that in many parts of the
United Stales whole neighborhood-* and districts, for miles
in extern, are almost wholly without mail accommodations,
while other neighborhoods and distuetsj, m every State of
the Union, are but illy provided with mail facilities, owing
to the want of the necessary means to pay for the service.
Yet this bill piovides that, in the event of the tups being
performed within a given time, the annual pay lor semi-
monthly service, simply between New Orleans and San
Francisco, shall be $2,500,000.
I will ami, that we have a standing offer to take the mails
semi-monthly each way, both from New York and New
Oileans to San Francisco, via Nicaragua, at not exceeding
$300,000 a year. Therefore we may" have a weekly mail
on both these lines, say on the 8th, "loth, 22d, arid 29th of
each month, for $600,000 at most; whereas, under the plan
proposed by this bill, a semi-monthly mail only between
New Orleans and San Fianeisco, if run m ten days, leav-
ing each port, say, on the 1st and 15th, and arriving at each
on the 10th and 24tli of the month, wtll cost, as above re-
marked, $2,50UjOOO, or $5,000,000 for weekly service.
Without stating more at length the objections to which, it
seems to me, this bill is liable, F certainty can never favor
any plan by which, under any circumstances likely to hap-
pen, «uch enormous, sums may be drawn irom the public
Treasury for mail «i<jamvhip tiansportation.
r am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES CAMPBELL.
Hon. E. B. Ol,D5, Chairman of OommiUee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, House of Representatives'.
And here I wish to call the attention of the
House to the value of time. Suppose {hat in ad-
dition to the present route, you pass this bill and
establish another line of steamers between the
points mentioned, that will make the trip in ten
days less time than it is now made, under the
present contract and by the present route; and
suppose that I save you 02,000,000 a year by this
arrangement. How, 1 am asked, is this to be
done? What is the amount of money that we re-
ceive annually from California? During the past
year we received $86,000,000, and may we not pre-
sume that during the next year we shall receive
§100,000,000? But to make myself clearly un-
derstood, I will put the amount annually received
at §50,000,000. Under the present arrangement,
that £,30,000,000 is detained ten days longer than
is necessary on the present mall route. Suppose
you can shorten the trip ten days, what will be
the gain? The gain will he to the business com-
munity—I may say to the tax-paying commu-
nity, for it falls upon them at last—what the in-
terest is upon the whole amount of the moneys
conveyed upon that line. What is the interest on
the $50,000,000 per annum, the amount assumed
to be received annually from the Pacific, at six
percent, per annum? It is £,3*000,000. Upon that
basis the interest per day would he within a frac-
tion of £>8,220; and for ten days, the shortest time
proposed by the schedule, of J82,220. And yet I
am told that time is not valuable! Sir, it is every-
thing.
Let us follow this matter a little further. Sup-
pose I save each trip ten days, and that I have
two vessels making two trips a month, and each
one saving ten days—that is twenty days a month,
or two hundred and forty days a year, is it not
then clearly demonstrated what it will save to the
people of the United States? I do not say to the
Government but to the people of the United States,
which is the same thing, over $2,000,000 a year,
equal to the deficit in the entire mail revenue of the
country. But I am told that we should not ex-
tend the facilities of the Post Office Department,
because the revenue now received is not sufficient
to defray the expenses of that Department. That
is the main principle t now propose to argue and
amend. The revenue is not sufficient, and why?
Because it has fallen behind the times—behind the
progress of the age—in the mode of transportation,
The express lines of the country take away all the
regular and important business from the regular
lines. Each trip to California, by the way of Pan-
ama, averages thirty thousand letters. How much
mail matter goes by the express lines and merchant
marine? Is it not fair to presume, that an amount
equal to one third of that amount goes by private
express, at an exorbitant price in the way of post-
age.
I propose to remedy that evil. We need not be
told—the country need not be told—that the cheap
postage system affects the revenue of the Post Of-
fice Department. It is not so in point of fact.
Place that Department upon a proper footing, upon
an equality with individual enterprise; reduce your
postages still lower, and the amount of revenue
would be increased, and amply sufficient to defray
the expenses of that Department. But you have
allowed it to fall behind the times. It ism a sink-
ing, dilapidated condition—becoming a mere fun-
gus upon the Federal Treasury. You will have to
abandon the system entirely, or pay its whole ex-
penses out of the public Treasury. I propose to
remedy this evil. 1 propose to give that Depart-
ment the advantage of all the improvements and
advantages held out by individual enterprise, and
to place it in a condition where it can compete with
any individual enterprise that may be projected in
the way of express lines between the United States
and California; not to create a monopoly, but to
enable it to compete successfully.
What is the nature of the bill now before the
House? Do I propose any expenditure of money?
Not at all. I have the proposition here which
has been made, establishing the line from New
Orleans to San Francisco. I propose, if any indi-
vidual or company can be found who will under-
take to do it according to the schedule, that they
shall have the contract; but in the event of a failure,
they shall get no pay, under any circumstances,
[f they are successful, they get the contract to
carry the mail until some one else starts a lineand
conveys it in shorter time for three consecutive
months, and gives proof of the same to the Post-
master General, then the contractgoes to the party
so carrying it, and so on. So the thing is open to
competition, and will establish a system which
will break up the monopolies thathave heretofore
existed in this Department of the Government.
What are the facts m regard to the present sys-
tem ? According to the present rates, for twenty-
five days we pay about $850,000. What is
proposed by this bill? We propose to pay for j
sixteen day—ten days shorter time—according to ;
this schedule, $850,000. j
I ask the question, is it not important, cor.sid- !
ering the condition of the country and our rela- j
tions, foreign and domestic, that we have rapid i
and speedy communication with our Pacific fron- J
tier ? 1 ask if it is not important to every interest j
of the Government that this should be done ? In |
view of this fact—in view of the great need of ]
having an additional oceanic or overland route, j
which shall give us rapid and speedy communica- !
tion between the Atlantic States and our Pacific j
possessions—1 have drawn up and presented to |
the House this bill, not however without having !
consulted with some of the best men in the country I
in regard to this matter. It is not presumed that j
we shall soon have a trip made from New Orleans j
to San Francisco in ten days, nor from any part ;
of the United States, until the Pacific railroad is |
established. I am so certain that this road will be j
built that 1 have made a provision for that event. I
Mr. GREY. Will not the gentleman from
Tennessee yield the floor to allow me to make a
motion that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole? The bill will come tip to-
morrow, when he can finish his remarks.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I will yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. GREY. With that understanding f then
move that the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on t&e state of the Union.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grey's
motion; and it was decided in the affirmative.
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Orr in the chair.)
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee last
rose, they had under consideration House bill No.
48, being a hill making appropriations for the
civil and diplomatic expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1855, upon-
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Chandler] is entitled to the floor.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. CHANDLER, after a few preliminary re-'
marks, proceeded to address the committee m
opposition to the bill proposing to organize terri-
torial governments for Nebraska and Kansas. He
was not afraid to trust to the righteousness of his
cause. He welcomed all who assisted him with
their speech or vote. He thought proper to
say the opponents of this bill are absolved from
all necessity of discussing the subject of slavery
in connection with its provisions. Negro-mania
or negro-phobia, or certain sentiments or degrees
of sentiments, have necessarily nothing to do with
the issue on this measure. It was a question of
contract, honor, and faith of the white man with
the white man. Whatever the benefits or injuries
conferred or inflicted on negroes, Congress never
made a contract with them, nor made any com^
promise to which the negroes were directly a
party. The question was, shall the compromise
of 1820 be maintained or violated? The same
spirit which prompted the compromise of 1820
and 1850 was yet in existence, and the same
motives will give that spirit constant action. The
compromises of the Constitution remain. It was
difficult to get at them. They were not.to be
reached simply by a legislative enactment.
The act of 1820 was and is a compromise.
With a full knowledge of what was said and done
during the Congress of 1850, he remarked, in what-
ever was uttered or committed at that time, there
was nothing to create the suspicion that the five
acts, known as the compromise of that session,
intended to set aside or repeal the Missouri com-
promise.
Mr. BAYLY said he meant to take issue with
the gentleman on that point.
Mr. CHANDLER, resumed. Had it been sup-
posed on the part of those who yielded to the com-
promise that the five measures repealed the Mis-
souri compromise, those bills would have been
voted on the table, or, what is the same thing,
put on the Calendar, where they would have been
forgotten.
The principle of the compromise of 1820 re-
mains in force, and there could be no positive
enactment repealing its binding force without an
outrage on public sentiment and the confidence
reposed in congressional faith.
Nebraska shows no signs of life. The bill w-as
only preparatory. The assertion of the doctrine
that the people in the Territories have the right
to regulate their own affairs was in direct opposi-
tion to the provisions of the bill, which he pro-
ceeded to show. He combatted this principle,
saying young America, like young Israel, scouted
the results of age and experience, exclaiming, in
the language of Scripture, "go up, old baldhead,
go." [Laughter.]
He further pursued his argument, showing, in
the course of his remarks, the deplorable etfects
which the bill would have on the Indians residing
in the Territory over which it was now proposed
to spread territorial government; and, in conclu-
sion, called on the opponents of the bill to stand
fasc to national faith and honor, and not be de-
terred from a conscientious course of duty by the
sneers of those who differ from them in opinion.*
If they should fall, there will be inscribed on theuf
