1714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
havejjmdeno inquiries. I believe these items are
all correct, so far as 1 know and understand them.
Mr. McMULLlN. I assure the worthy gen-
tleman from South Carolina, that i have as much
confidence in the correctness of his judgment as
in that of any gentleman upon this floor, when he
has examined a question which he brings to the
nonce of this House. But in this case, as in
many other cases upon which this House is called
to act, I cannot consent to sit here and register my
vote upon the recommendation, or upon the esti-
mates of your commissioneis and your Secre-
taries, or heads of Departments, unless I can see
ground to believe that the thing is right by irself. (i
I repeat, this matter may be right in itself; but it ;j
does seem to me, that, from the showing of the !j
gentleman from South Caiohna, this committee j
ought to have something more before them, before i
hey pass this bill with estimate in it. j
Mr. PARLEY, (interrupting.) If the gentle- !j
«nan will allow me to make a suggestion, I will |i
say, that the item in question has reference to a |j
light-house situated in the district represented by j;
my colleague, [Mr. Fuller,] who is now absent !
from the House. I have sent for documents of
the Light-House Board, which throw light upon
the subject; and if the gentleman from Virginia
will allow this matter to be passed over for the i
^ra^ent,'it can be taken up by-and-by, when the \>
document will be here. \\
Mr. McMULLlN. I am perfectly willing, if j;
it meets the views of the committee, to pass by this
item informally, and take up the next one, in
order to afford time to its friends to get the inform
ation 1 desire. And, certainly, in the absence of j1
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Full* u,] who i1
repiesents the district m which this light-house is :
situated, 1 would not insist upon a vote, tf the ,
committee is willing to pass it by informally. 1 do j
not desire to withdraw the amendment, but to let :
it stand and be considered hereafter. i
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. If it be the pleasure '
of the committee to pass this item by informal'y> ;
1 am sure I aha it not object. to it; but 1 declnt e that i
I do not at all see the necessity of doing so. I do j
not at all feel the force of the remarks of my col- ;
league. He speaks of a eompionnse having been
made in respest to this light house. It is not a i
matter about which a compromise can be made by j
anybody, it is not a boon granted to any indi- j
vidual. It is not a boon granted to any neighbor- j
hood. It is a public work, for the benefit of the |
navigating interest of the whole country. It is a j
public matter about which no compromise could j
3iave been entertained or made. The necessity for i
this appropriation is verified to ue by the report of I
the Light-House Board. i
Mr. WENTWORTR, of Massachusetts. I |
will read what the Light House Board says about
it, if the gentleman from Vngmia will yield to me.
Mr. BAYLY. Ceriamiy.
Mr. WENTWORTH. The information which
has been sent to the Committee on Commerce is
ample. I wtfl read a condensed paragraph from
the reportof the Light-House Board. It is this:
{{ Numbers three, four, and «ix are for rebuilding Petit
Menun, Hakor's Island, and Fr.uikhn IsUud htrht
recommended by the Ijight-IJou^e Hoard, upon the jepnr
of the district in<-peetor, in consequence of its being im-
possible, from the dilapidated condition of the towers ami
buildings!, to repair them."
Mr. BAYLY. T declare I think that is enough
about that item. These light-houses are not mat-
ters in which there is any particular local interest.
Mr. MACDONALD. I would say to the gen-
tleman that, by a recurience to the annual repoit
of the Secretary of the Treasury, you wiil find
there a communication from the chairman of the
Light-House Board.
You will find in the supplemental report the fol-
lowing estimates:
Fonebuilding light-house and keeper's dwelling on Petit
Menan Inland, $35,000;
For rebuilding light house on Baker's Island, .$5,000;
For rebuilding light-house on Franklin Island, 5,000;
For procuring illuminating apparatus, and completing
lurht-house tower and buildings authorized to be bullion
Boon Island, $14,973.
In Senate Executive Document No. 2 1 find
the following explanation:
"List B., hereto appended, exhibits some of the pro-
po>ed improvements and mciea'-e of aids to navigation
recommended in the general programme of the temporary
Light House Board in Us report submitted in 1852, and re-
newed m the annual report from this office, laid befoie
Congres? at its last session.
u Beeurimgto the two previous reports above referred to,
in which if is recommended that though no effort should be
spared to render all the lights and other aids to navigation
authorized by CorijirehS ♦•fficienr, a& rapidly as the means
provided will peunit, yet the improvement of sea coast
lights and exterior aids to navigation is of paramount im-
portance. The board takes tins occasion respectfully to
renew this recommendation, and a--k its favorable consid-
eration by the Department and by Congress."
I will only add, that this appropriation is pred-
icated upon a report made to Congress m 1852.
Mr. McMULLlN. I destfe to know of the
gentleman from Maine if this is the light-house
that was built between two points where there was
a controversy as to which should have it? One
party contended that it should be one side of the
liver, and the other party that stshould be on the
other side. By way of a compromise, it was de-
cided that it should be built at a point that would
Accommodate both. It was built theie, and was
afterwards ascertained that $20,000 or $30,000
must be expended to furnish the means of getting
at it.
Mr. MACDONALD. In reply to the inquiry of
the gentleman fiom Virginia, I will say that I
have no knowledge of any such case as the gen-
tleman from Virgimaalludes to. The only knowl-
edge I have in reference to it, is derived from the
document from which I have rend. 1 have heard
of no such facts, and know of none,
j Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I think I can
I answer the inquiry of my colleague.
: Mr. McMULLlN. I am not disposed to em-
: banass the committee, and I will therefore with-
i draw my proposition, and allow the reading of
the bill to proceed.
Mr. HAVEN". If the gentleman withdraws
his objection, there is no need of any fuither ex-
planation; but if any were nece.ssaiy, I think it
would be very ensy to furnish it. I will state
that this appropriation iw #10,000 less than was
n^kf'd for. in the appendix to the report of the
Lipht-Ifonse Hoatd I find ihe following:
1. Psfif Mr nan haht hon-,c —Thi* i< the most eastern
ftl-t cl;i s light on the eo;iM of the (foiled Slates. It is ;it
piev-nf one ot the wor-i of all the light-, and the tower is
m> b.idlj built, and old, and the lantern so small, thai
hide e.m !)•• done to unpiove it; and nil that eoutd be done
will not make it a light good enough lor the important posi-
tion of a fii«-r-ela>s sea const light.
" I theielote reeomtnend that the tower and keeper's
dwelling be rebuilt, ami ih.U ihere hr a second order Fres-nel
lens apparatus placed m live new light hou.se. Fortius pur-
po-c* an appropuation of §-15,000 will he necessary."
This is all I have to say.
Mr. SKELTON. I oiler the following amend-
ment:
For a continuation of the system of protecting human
life trom shipwreck, as heretofore established, by hfe-boatb
on the New Jersey coast, $25,000.
The appropriation which I now propose, is in
continuation of the system ofappropriations hei e-
; tofore made, and has been recommended by the
; Secretary of the Treasury since the recent disaster
; to the ship Powhatan. It will be borne in mind
j that some two months ago there were some three
1 hundred and forty lives lost on that coast, in con-
| sequence of having no life-boats to protect the
| passengers on board of that ship. The wreck-
! masters upon our coast talked with the captain of
1 the Powhatan, within speaking distance, but their
boat was lying stranded on the beach. Every
, passenger on board the ship, if a life-boat had been
. located at that point, might have been rescued.
' Disasters like this do not occur occasionally, but
; they occur every year.
] It wit! be borne in mind that the coast of New
Jersey lies southeast of the harbor of New York,
and every ship sailing into the harbor of New
; York, whether an emigrant ship or a steamer, is
; liable to be driven upon that barren, sandy coast.
; Twenty thousand dollars have been heretofore
■ appropriated for the protection of vessels upon
I that coast; and thousands of lives have Keen saved
| within a few years by the location of life-boats
there. And the addition now asked is recom-
: mended by the Secretary of the Treasury. The
, doubling of life-boats on this coast is an object rec-
: ommended and desired, I will, therefore, not make
a speech on the subject. Every member of the
; cornmitteemustbesatisfiedof thenecessity and the
! vast importance of protecting life on a coast where
@o many passengers are doily and hourly exposed
to the peril of certain destruction. I will likewise
j say that this expenditure will be annually more
: than reimbursed to the United States Government
i on the customs which it will receive from goods
which, without it, would be lost on the coast.
The duties that will be saved to the Government
will be more than the annual expenditure. But
an annual expenditure is not asked for. The
Government is merely required to send the addi-
tional number of life-boats recommended by the
Secretary of the Treasury; and once they have
been placed theie, they will be permanent fixtures
for years to come. Thousands of human lives
will evidently be saved by this expenditure of
^20,000. 1 will trouble the committee no further
m the matter, believing that every member of the
committee will agree to the amendment.
The question was put; and the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I oiFer the follow-
ing amendment:
After line two hundred and ninety-six, insert the follow-
ing :
For buoys to be placed in emmblo places in Matcho-
pungo bay, and its tributaries, $1,000.
In respect to that amendment, f have only to
say, that the petition which was sent to me in
respect to this matter, made out the necessity of
these buoys very clearly. But it was received so
late that the Committee on Commerce had no
opportunity to act upon it, but I am quite sure it
will meet with their approbation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. NOBLE. I move to amend the four hun-
dred and ninety-first and Jour hundred and ninety-
second lines, so that they will read, as follows:
For repair of the light house, foundations, and pier con-
nected therewith, near Monroe, ,^7,000.
Mr. Chairman, an appropriation similar to the
one m the bill, passed at the last Congress, but
was lost by the neglect of the engrossing cleik.
The appropriation was made necessary m conse-
quence of the foundation of the light-house being
partially washed away, and the pier connected
with the main woik being somewhat damaged.
, The damage was still further increased last March
I by a violent storm. My amendment only in-
creases the appropriation to what n lias been esti-
mated the woik would cost by the local superin-
tendent. 1 trust the amendment may be adopted.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS, of Michigan. I move to amend
the bill by inserting the following:
For a light-hoM&e at or wear old Fort Mackinaw, Michi-
gan.$6,000.
Mr. Chairman, the point for which I ask this
appropriation is at the narrowest part of the straits
of Mackinaw. The navigation is narrowed there,
somewhat crooked, and very difficult. Vessels
in the night, going by the compass, wiil run
ashore on one of the small islands there. This
; light house will enable them to navigate at night
as well as they can in day time. I am informed
by a gieat many masters of boats that, on reach-
ing this point, they are compelled to lay to until
the morning, so that they may pass it with safety.
This light-house erected, and the navigation will
be safe at all times. 1 ask that it may be granted.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Who esti-
mated $6,000? I think the gentleman had better
only ask for $5,000.
Mr. STEVENS. The estimate was made by
the Light-House Board.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Michigan, whether or not there
was any evidence befoie the committee of the
necessity for this appropriation t
Mr. STEVENS.' There was not.
Mr. SMITH. Why was not the estimate
sent to the committee*
Mr. STEVENS. Because it was not received
in time.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand that the
gentleman from Michigan got this estimate from
the Light-House Board, after the bill had been
reported. If that board estimate §6,000 then the
amendment ought to be adopted.
Mr SMITH. The Light-House Board may
have made an estimate, being called on to do so,
but is there any evidence that that board deem
the appropriation a wise one? We know that
light-houses frequently interfere with one another.
The question was taken upon Mr. Stevens's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move to
strike out the following clause:
Illinois For a beacon-light on the breakwater at Wau-
