1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
857
merce, and there is on file a letter from the De-
partment showing its approval of the measure.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It proposes to extend the limits of
the collection district of Milwaukie so as to in-
clude the western shore of Lake Michigan, so fat-
as it forms the boundary of Wisconsin, and all
the waters of Green Bay, and to include all that
portion of Wisconsin lying east of the Wisconsin
river, above the town of De Korra, and all east of
a line running south from De Korra to the State
line. Milwaukie is to remain the port of entry,
and Green Bay is to be a port of delivery in the
district of Milwaukie, in the same manner as it is
now in the district of Mackinaw; and Ozaukee
and Manitowoc are to be ports of delivery in the
district of Milwaukie, for which places surveyors
are to be appointed, to receive the same compen-
sation as is provided in the act of March 2,1831,
for surveyors at Pittsburg, Wheeling, and other
places.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time, was read a third time, and J
JOSEPH SMITH.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate take
«p for consideration the bill for the relief of Joseph
Smith. It is a matter which will not involve any
discussion. It is to remedy a difficulty in the
case of a land warrant.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Joseph Smith to locate
one hundred and sixty acres of land, on any of
the public lands of the United States subject to
private entry, in lieu of a location made by him
which is specified in the bill, in the Kalamazoo
land district, in Michigan, as assignee of military
land warrant No. 55,099, and which location was
canceled by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; and further to direct the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, upon the receipt
of the certificate of location from the register of
the proper land office, to issue a patent to him, for
the lands so located.
On the 28th of April, 1849, a bounty land war-
rant was issued to William Hill, a private in Cap-
tain Wittenmeyer's company, in the~first regi-
ment of Michigan volunteers, in the war with
Mexico. Prior to the issuing of the warrant on
the 2d day of August, 1848, Hill departed this
life, leaving no wife or children, or relatives, as
appears from the certificate of the judge of the
probate court for Cass county, Michigan; at the
time of his decease he was indebted for expenses
incurred (luring his last sickness in the sum of
about $120, and left no personal property for its
payment. On the 5th of October, 1848, one
Charles S. Clowes was duly appointed adminis-
trator of the estate, and he, on the 15th of De-
cember, 1849, as administrator, and under the
order of the probate judge, sold and assigned the
warrant to Joseph Smith, and applied the money
thus realized to the liquidation of the indebtedness
of Hill, and expenses of administration; the war-
rant was located by Smith upon the west half of
the southwest quarter of section twenty-five, and
the east half of the southeast quarter of section
twenty-six, in township seven south, of range fif-
teen west, in the Kalamazoo land district, Michi-
gan, which location was canceled by order of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, in May,
1851, on the ground that the warrant issued after
the death of Hill; this decision was undoubtedly
correct under the law. But in consideration of the
fact that Hill was justly and legally entitled to
the warrant, and left no relatives to whom a war-
rant could issue, and as Smith was an innocent
purchaser for a valuable consideration, and the
money thus realized applied to the payment of a
sacred indebtedness, it was thought that equity
would demand the relief prayed for by the peti-
tioner, as no injustice would be done thereby to
the United States.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, and
was read a third time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON", the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened; and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 6,1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milburm.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE BLACK WARRIOR AFFAIR.
The SPEAKER presented to the House a mes-
sage in writing received from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in further compliance
with the resolution of the House, areport from the
Secretary of State, with the accompanying docu-
ments.
The Clerk was proceeding to read the report of
the Secretary of State,
Mr. DEAN. Mr. Speaker, as these papers
relate to the seizure of the Black Warrior, at Ha-
vana, called for by a resolution of this House, and
as the former papers received on the same subject
have been referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, and ordered to be printed, I move the
same reference and order in relation to the papers
now before us.
' It was so ordered.
STEAM FRIGATES.
The following bill was reported from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills as correctly enrolled, and
received the signature of the Speaker;
An act to authorize the construction of six
first-class steam frigates, and for other purposes.
TRANSPORTATION OF CALIFORNIA MAIL.
The SPEAKER. The matter first in order
before the House is the bill reported yesterday by
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
being "A bill to empower the Postmaster General
to contract for the transportation of the United
States mail from New Orleans to San Francisco
according to time."
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will it be necessary
for me, Mr. Speaker, to ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up that bill which was
before us yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. There being no motion to
commit the bill, under the rules it goes to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Then I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up that bill.
General assent was expressed by the House.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Speaker, when
I gave way yesterday to my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Grey,] for the purpose of enabling the
House to go into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, I was going on to speak
of the advantages which the establishment of the
principle contained in this bill would bring to the
Government, and the great revolution which it
would work on our mail arrangements—in the
mail system of the Government. Under its pres-
ent operation that system is inadequate to sup-
ply the wants of the business community; and
the consequence is, that a deficit arises in the
mail revenue. The object of this Department of
the Government is to' make it a self-sustaining
Department. Gentlemen here talk about economy,
and we have economists in this House, and good
ones too. But there aredifferen t notions of economy.
We had a proposition submitted the other day by
the honorable gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston,] proposing to increase the mail postage
of the country to five cents instead of three cents.
For what, sir ? In order that the mail revenue of
the country may be sufficient to defray the ex-
penses of that Department of the Government.
I ask is this necessary? Is this theproper mode
to redress or to eradicate that evil ? It is not. Let
us, Mr. Speaker, rather place that Department in
a condition that will enable it to compete success-
fully with individual enterprise, and that it may be
able to command the patronage of the business
public alike with individual enterprise.
Sir, I propose by this bill no monopoly. I pro-
pose merely to place the Government, or that
branch of the Government, on an equality with
individual enterprises in the way of express lines.
If this is once done, you will have no more talk of
deficiencies in the revenue of the Post Office De-
partment, but the consequence will be an ample
revenue. And afterwards, if no one else should
make the motion, and if I should have the honor
of a seat here, I will propose to reduee the postage
to one half its present rates.
But I am told on some occasions that we had
better adopt the contract system, and let out the
ocean mail carriage by contract. What is this
proposition, sir ? It is to carry the mails accord-
ing to time. The longer the time the less the pay;. "
the less the time the greater the Day, up to a given
reasonable amount. What will be the result if
this system is adopted, and this bill shall pass?
Why, when the mail contracts are to be let, when
proposals are issued by the Postmaster General,
in future, he will advertise that proposals will be
received for carrying the mails from point to point
—say from New York to Liverpool, ifyou please—
according to time, as per schedule annexed. The
bidders will then put in their proposals, each with
a schedule of price, according to time, attached; •
and the Postmaster General will have the selection
of the lowest bidder according to time. Such
will be the operation of the measure, if it shall
please the House to adopt it.
It is said that the mere saving of a few days—
and that, too, by high authority, by our able Post-
master General—is of importance but to a small
portion of the community; that the agricultural
portion receives but little benefit from it, while the
cities and the commercial interests of the country
receive the advantages.
I admit, sir, that the mercantile community will
at first receive, perhaps, the greatest amount of
this advantage, and tlie largest benefit. But, as
Carlyle says, " commerceisthe king." Iadmitit,
but agriculture wears the crown. The one cannot
exist without the other. Advance the interest of
one, and you advance that of the other. They
are inseparably connected in interest; there is such
a unity of interest, that if one perish, so will the
other. You may as well say that you could un-
dertake to fatten the arm8of a man without fat-
tening the whole system, as to say you could
benefit one branch or interest of the country
without. benefiting all. The argument which
maintains that a saving {>( time is of no import-
ance is fallacious and untenable; the saving of
time, in this respect, is of as much importance as t
it is in any other enterprise where labor is the
basis.
This bill is surrounded with proper guards and
restrictions, as the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads seem to think; for I believe
they have reported favorably upon it. I take it
that it is so; and allow me to say, that itis an able
committee, and the House has confidence in it.
Having looked into this bill, I have offered a sub-
stitute, containing the same principle, and have
thrown around it sufficient guards and restrictions
to protect the interests of the Government. What
are its provisions? The Postmaster General rec-
ommends, in his letter to that committee, or rather
speaks in that letter, of the necessity of weekly
mails from the United States to California. What
does this bill propose? To give a weekly mail
in connection with lines already established, to and
from California. What else? Does it propose
to advance the funds of the Government m order
to carry out this contract, as has been done on
former occasions? No, sir. Does it propose to
take the vessels off the hands of the contractors
for war purposes, or any other? No, sir. It
merely proposes to test the principle of rapid and
economical communication which is contained in
it, at the expense of whoever may undertake to
execute the contract.
It is expressly provided in the bill that the Post-
master General is not authorized or empowered
to make any advance of the funds or credit of the
Government in furtherance or aid of the under-
taking, or for the use and benefit of the parties so
contracting. And it still further provides that the
parties so contracting shall in no event receive from
Government increased compensation.
1 need hardly allude to the large additional com-
pensation which was made by the last Congress
to a magnificent line of steamers for carrying the
mail; but a like occurrence is provided against in
this case.
It is again provided that the contract shall be-
taken, and continue for a term of ten years. It
may be said that this wilt be giving some one com-
pany a monopoly for that length of time; but if
gentlemen will examine another portion of the bill,
they will see that such a monopoly is not granted.
