1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1715
fcegan, (Little Fort,) in place of the present light-house,
$1,0U0.
For buoys to mark the bar and harbor at Chicago, $300.
For a light at Port Clinton, $5,-000.
For a light on the breakwater now in course of con-
struction at the harbor of Waukegan, when the breakwa-
ter shall be in a suitable condition for erecting the struc-
ture, in place of the present light at Little Fort,-$6,000.
And insert in lieu thereof the following:
Illinois,—For a temporary beacon light at or near the
breakwater now being constucteti at Waukegan, (Little
Forr,) $1,000.
For buoys to mark the bar and harbor at Chicago, $300.
For a light at Port Clinton, $5,000.
For the foundation of the light house on the breakwater
now in conse of construction at the harbor of Waukegan,
for a light when the foundation shall be in a suitable condi-
tion for erecting the structure in the place of the present
light at Little Fort, $10,500, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would be glad to
know if these appropriations are in accordance
with the estimates made by the officers having
charge of thevse works ?
Mr. WENTWORTH. They are in accordance
with estimates made by the proper officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I offer the following
amendment:
To enable the Secretary of the T.reasory to settle with
and pay the contractors for building hfiht houses on the
coast of California and Oregon, the sum of $.">9,434: P10
vit'e-l. That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of ihe
Treasury to pay the said contractors for building the hght
house at Point Loma, near San Diego, what the same is
reasonably worth.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Massachusetts. I
make a point of order on that amendment. It is
a private claim, and not germane to the bill under
consideration.
Mr. McDOUGALL.. I ask that the letter of
the Secretary of (he Treasury be read.
The letter was read as follows:
Treasury Departmrnr, June 25, 1854.
Sir: T have the honor to inclose a copy of a letter ad-
dressed to tins Depaitment by Gibbons & Kelly, contract-
ors tor building certain hght houses on ihe Pacific coast,
and of a report made to, and resolution adopted by, the
Senate, upon the subject of their claim for extra work
done, expenses incurred, and losses sustained, for which,
as they .iiiege, they are entitled to compensation ovei arid
above the amount stipulated to be paid by contract, accord-
tng to a proper conMi ucuou thereof. These claims are not
verified and passed upon. The work wiii not be finished,
nor the amount of such cl.um-t capable of hems liquidated
before August next. They amount to $59,434, and the
contractors expre-s the wish, and such seems to be the view
of the Senate, that the amount should,, before the adjourn-
ment of Congress, be placed at the disposal of the Depart-
ment to meet these demandv, or so much thereof as they
may thereafter be able to establish. Under the*e cncurn-
stance?., and without commuting the Department to the
construction contended for, or to any of the allowances
claimed, \ respectfully submit the expediency of making
the appropriation required.
1 atn, very respectfully, JAMES GUTHRIE,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. R. M. T. Hunter, Chairman Committee on Finance,
United States Senate,
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order raised by the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. SEYMOUR. I beg leave to offer the fol-
lowing amendment, which was omitted to be
offei ed at the proper time. It has been approved
by the Committee on Commerce:
At the end of the one hundred and forty-eighth line add
the following:
For a tog-bell at Saybrook light-house, Connecticut,
$1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANCASTER. I offer the following
amendment:
After the word {( dollars" in Ihe five hundred and forty-
seventh line, insert the following:
For buoys for the harbor and entrance to Shoal Water
bay, $.i,ooo.
I would state for the information of the com-
mittee that f have not been instructed to offer this
amendment. In a communication from the sec-
retary of the Light-House Board, he states that
on the passage of this bill he intends to place
buoys at the entrance to Shoal Water bay, and to
mark its anchorage in the bay. On looking at the
bill, I do not see any provision in it to authorize
the establishment of buoys, the necessity of which
is apparent. Shoal Water bay is the only harbor
from the mouth of the Columbia river to the
straits of De Fuca. Vessels cannot sometimes get
in, and have to stand off and on for perhaps
twenty days, and then have to square away for
San Francisco.
, This harborcan be entered at all times, provided
the channel be marked by buoys; and I offer this
amendment in order to secure that object. When
ships have once entered the harbor, there is a com-
munication across to Oregon, from Shoal Water
bay to Baker's bay. There the ships may obtain
supplies. Often vessels stand off and on at the
mouth of the Columbia river, without being able
to enter until they have exhausted their supplies,
and, in attempting to send boats to the shore for
supplies, they have frequently been lost. The
appropriation is only $3,000, and I hope the com-
mittee will allow it.
Mr. LETCHER. I would ask the g-entleman
from Washington Territory, by whom is the ap-
propriation recommended?
Mr. LANCASTER. I stated to the com-
mittee that I have not received any estimates, nor
has any recommendation been made. The only
thing I have to say is, that in a communication
from the secretary of the Light-House Board,
upon this subject, he stated that in this bill there
would be items for buoys, to be placed at the head
of the entrance, and at the anchorage of that bay.
But no such items appear in the bill,and thegreat
necessity of the establishment of buoys there is
the reason why I have offered theamendment. I
hope it will be adopted.
Mr. AIKEN. I -have only to &ay in reference
to this matter, that Washington has been pretty
well provided for in this bill.
Mr. BAYLY. I beg leave to say, in support
of the amendment of the gentleman from Wash-
ington, that not long since we lost a national ves-
sel at this very point, on account of the difficulty
of getting into the haibor. The value of that ves-
sel would pay for ten thousand buoys.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. AIKEN, I move that the committee now
rise, and report the bill to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before that question is put,
I would call the attention of the gentleman from
South Carolina to the fact, that in each of the
fourth, fifth, and sixth sections of this bill, the
Secretary of the Treasury is both " authorized and
required" to sell certain sites of light-houaes, &c.
I would ask the gentleman whether it would riot
be better to amend these sections by striking out
the words "and required," so as to give him
authority to do so, and leave the matter to his dis-
cretion.
Mr. AIKEN. I have no objection to that.
There being no objection, the amendments were
accordingly made as suggested. %
The question was then put upon Mr. Aiken's
motion; and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the chairman (Mr. Wright,
of Pennsylvania,) reported that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union had, accord-
ing: to order, had the Union generally under con
sideration, and particularly House bill (No. 95)
making appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department during the fiscal year ending
the 30th of June, 1855, and House bill (No.
351) making appropriations for light-houses,
light-boats, buoys, &c., and providing for the
erection and establishment of the same, and for
other purposes, which they had instructed him to
report to the House, the former without amend-
ment, and the latter with sundry amendments.
Also, that they had under consideration the bill of
the House (No. 95) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1855, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Diciuns, their -Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the bill of the
House (No. 463) to change the nameof the Amer-
ican-built brig Hallowell to that of James Rose,
and to grant her a new register.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which received the signature
of the Speaker:
H. R. No. 463. An act to change the name of
the. American-built brig Hallowell to that of
James Rose, and to grant her a new register;
H. R. No. 164. An act making further appro-
priations for continuing, the construction of road9.
in the Territory of Minnesota, in accordance with
the estimates made by the War Department;
H. R. No 338. An act to authorize the Presi-
dent of the United States to cause to be surveyed
the tract of land1 in the Territory of 'Minnesota
belonging to the half-breeds, or mixed bloods of
the Dacotah or Sioux nation of Indians, and for
other purposes; and
H. R. No 316. An act to amend the act ap-
proved September 27, 1850, to create the office of
surveyor general of the public lands in Oregon,
&c.; and also the act amendatory thereof, ap*-
proved February 19, 1853. - v.
POST OFFICE BILL-
Mr. HOUS TON. I move the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment of the Post Office ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. ROWE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn.
The previous question received a second, and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was read a
third time, and ] 1
ASTRONOMICAL EXPEDITION TO CHILI* \
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to in-
troduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That there he printed nod bound ten thousand
copies of fhe repoit and five thousand copies of the obser-
vations of the United St.ite> Astronomical Expedition to
Chili, five hundred copied of the report and observations
for the use of the Navy Department, and two hundred and
fifty copies for the superintendent, and the remainder for
the iw of the members or" the House, the said work 10 be
printed and bound by the puhh« printer and binder, in
quarto form, under ihe direction of the Superintendent of
Public Printing and the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. CLINGMAN. ^ I object.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL.
Mr. AIKEN. I call for the previous question
on the light-house appropriation bill.
The previous question received a second, and
the mam question was ordered to be put.
The amendments reported from the Committee
of the Whole,on the state of the Union were
severally read and concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. AIKEN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bdl was passed, and to^lay the motion
to reconsider on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House there-
upon (at five minutes to four o'clock) adjourned till
to-morrow at eleven o'clock, a. m.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, July 13, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. EIentry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PERSONAL* EXPLANATION.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I notice in the
New York Herald,of yesterday,astatetnentwhich
requires of me that I should make a correction or
explanation. It is there stated that:
" Upon the test vote of a postponement, yesterday, of the
homestead t)iH, in the Senate, it was remarked that just
before the roll was called, Mr. Seward picked up his hat
and disappeared It is said here that the Know Nothing
organization in New York is sorely trying to Mr. Seward,
and that, therefore, he d"dffes the homestead bill till he
can make up hi* mind which to lose—the Know-Nothing
or the foreign vote "
I ought to have explained before—I do it now
because 1 notice this article in the Herald—that
the Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] and
the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,]
on that day, both having occasion to be absent,
requested me to announce that they had paired
off on that vote. Thinking very little of it, how-
ever, I suffered the occasion to pass over without
mentioning that fact, and it has given occasion to
this notice in the paper, which I ought to correct
by saying that it is my own fault that the an-
nouncement was not made. I ought to have
