148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
yesterday, and I saw him within these marble
columns, full of life and spirits* participating in
the organization of this House, wearing modestly
the honors of his trust; and to-day, numbered
with the dead ! It is in the providence of God to
create and to destroy. The honored and the lowly
crumble alike before his power. In a few short
years, and the national representation now seated
around me will follow in the path of our de-
parted friend, and the grave'become a common re-
ceptacle.
1 second, Mr. Speaker, the resolutions which
have been offered by my colleague.
Mr. STRAUS said:
Mr. Speaker: It is but one brief hour since 1
heard of the demise of the Hon. Henry A.
Muhlenberg, and not being accustomed to public
speaking, much less to deliver a becoming eulogy,
it illy suits me to undertake so grave and import-
ant a task; and more particularly so in the present
case, as that duty has been so ably and eloquently
performed by the gentlemen who have preceded
ine; but as Mr. Muhlenberg was my neighbor
and social friend, (having lived m an adjoining
county,) I will add a few words more on this
solemn and heart-rending occasion.
Mr. Speaker, another light has been extin-
guished. The Hon. Henry A. Muhlenberg, of
Berks bounty, Pennsylvania, is no more. He has
passed to the dark valley of the shadow of death—'
has passed from time to eternity. With the de-
ceased 1 was personally acquainted; and it is due
to my own feelings that 1 should avail myself of
the occasion, which is a most melancholy one to
me, to add, in my feeble manner, a tribute to his
memory.
Sir, Mr. Muhlenberg died last evening in this
city, at the residence of ins bosom friend, the Hon.
Riqhard Brodiiead. A few days ago we saw
him in the flush of manhood, and, apparently, in
the enjoyment of health; but he is gone; and by
his demise how truthful is the lesson taught us,
That in the midst of life we are in death."
The deceased, young as he was, in point of
ability had very few superiors. He possessed a
mind clear and logical, and an energy of character
rarely surpassed. In deportment he was ex-
tremely kind and gentlemanly, yet firm and un-
wavering in his attachment to the principles which
governed his conduct in hfe. At an early day he
was elected by the people of his native county
(Berks) to a seat m the Senate of Pennsylvania,
where he distinguished himself with such signal
ability as to secure the unlimited confidence of his
constituents; and they, desjrous of evincing their
regard for the services of one whose youthful, but
towering intellect so well fitted him "for a seat in
the Congress of the nation, at the first opportunity
that presented itself after the expiiation of his
Senatorial term, elected him toa seat in this body.
But, Mr. Speaker, he has left us, and his spirit
has winged its flight to another, and, 1 trust, a
better world.
" When forced to part from those we love,
Tlioiiiih ?mc to meet to-morrow,
We yet a kind of censer prove,
And foot a sense of sori'o'v;
But oh ! what art can paint the grief
Of those who ore forced to ^evpr,
To meet no more—no more foiever!"
The deceased, whose loss we now deplore, was
born in Berks county, Pennsylvania, and was de-
scended of an illustrious ancestry. Gen. Muhlen-
berg, the grandfather of the man whose death we
now mourn, was intimately connected with the
early history of the Republic. He was an asso-
ciate of Washington and La Fayette. Prominent
among that band of patriots who gained our na-
tional independence, his deeds will'shine brighter
and brighter as the nation progresses. He en-
listed first as a clergyman in the service of the
Redeemer; but no sooner was the cry of war
sounded than, dismissing the flock over which he
presided, he joined the service of his country—and
battled in the cause of freedom. Clergyman,
soldier, and statesman; after the war with Great
Britain was ended, he received the honor of his
countrymen. His deeds were worthy a Cnicin-
ratus. He was elected a member of the House of
Representatives of the United States, over which
body he was subsequently called to preside. Such
was the grandfather of the decensed.
Henry A. Muhlenburg, the father of our la-
mented friend, was not inferior to his sire in the
cause of patriotism- A minister of the Gospel,
he was subsequently called by the people of his
district to the Congress of the United States, where,
by his towering ability, suavity of manners, and
gentlemanly deportment, he became a universal
favorite. General Jackson, appreciating as he did
the noble elevation of his character, without solic-
itation upon his part, appointed him Minister to
the Court of Vienna, where, as a diplomatist, he
ably represented the country which had thus hon-
ored him with her conftdence. After his return,
at the request of a large majority of the people of
his native State, he became a candidate for the
gubernatorial chair; but before the election took
place, he was summoned by the hand of death to
the scenes of another world. Such is the history
of the forefathers of the deceased.
Mr. Speaker, the record of the tomb is fast, very
fast, filling up. In the providence of an all-wise
God, a proportion of victims more than usual have
been snatched from the councils of the nation by
the hand of the dread destroyer. Should not the
rapid recurrence of these melancholy circumstances
cause us to pause and reflect whether there is not
something portentous in these mysterious prov-
idences of a wonder-working God, who holds the
destinies of the nation in the palm of his hand?
These reflections have been suggested by the
announcement, one after another, m quick succes-
sion, within the last few months, of the death of our
great men. First in the list was our beloved and
much-lamented Vice President of the United
States, the late William R. King. Following in
quick succession were Mr. Atherton, of New
Hampshire, late a Senator of the United States;
and Mr. Campbell, of Tennessee, late a member
of this House, and now Henry A. Muhlenberg,
of Pennsylvania.
Mr. Speaker, is there nothing portentous in
this train of events? Does not the death of these
great and good men, filling as they did some of
i the most exalted positions m the nation, portend
. something more than if they had been snatched
i from moic humble positions in life? Believing,
j however, as we do, that the hand of God was at
I work in the establishment of this great Republic,
1 may we not continue to look to him as our
, helmsman, to guide the skip of State to thatexalted
' destiny which a wise Providence has designed
j for us?
| The question was then put on the resolutions,
! and they were unanimously adopted; and
The SPEAKER appointed the following gentle-
men to constitute the committee to attend the re-
mains of the deceased to his late residence: Mr.
Drum, of Pennsylvania; Mr. Lilly, of New Jer-
sey; Mr. Rcssei.l, of Pennsylvania; and Mr.
Johnson, of Ohio.
The House then adjourned till to-morrow.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, January 11,1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS,
Mr. SEW A R.D presented the petition of the
heirs of Captain Antoine Paulet, and of the heirs
■ of Lewis Gossehn, praying remuneration for the
| depreciation of commutation certificates; which
j were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Also, the memorial nf J. Wilson Smith, pray-
ing indemnity for the illegal seizure of the steamer
Fanny by the United States district attorney and
the custom-house officers at Savannah; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
CLA.YTON-BULWER TREATY.
The Senate proceeded to consider the motion
submitted by Mr. Cass on Thursday, the 5th
instant, to refer to the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations the message of the President of the United
States received on the 3d instant, communicating,
in compliance with the resolution of the Senate of
December 12,1853, the correspondence which had
taken place with the British Government on sub-
jects growing out of the treaty of Washington of
July 4, 1850, since the message of the Piesident
of December 30, ISo'O.
ivlr. CASS then ro«e and addressed the Senate
at great length, chiefly in reply to the speech
delivered in the Senate at the called session of the
Senate, by Mr. Clayton, and in vindication of the
views originally expressed by him on the con-
struction placed ofl the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
by the Senate at the time of its ratification.
[The speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President 
Mr. BUTLER. Does the Senator wish an ad-
journment ?
Mr. CLAYTON. I am perfectly willing to go
on now; but if the Senate wish to adjourn, I have
no objections.
| Several Senators. Let us adjourn.
Mr. BUTLER. In order to give the Senator
! a full opportunity to be heard, I move that the
j Senate do now adjourn.
I Mr. HAMLIN. Unless the Senator from Dela-
j ware desires that motion to be rnade71 trust that
I he will move to postpone the further consideration
I of the subject till to-morrow, so that we may pro-
' ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
Mr. CLAYTON. I am anxious to proceed
with my reply, when I commence, without being
interrupted by other business. If the Senate is
willing to hear me, I am prepared to go on now;
but if the Senate desires an adjournment I am
willing to yield; or if the Senate desires an Execu-
tive session, I shall not object.
Mr. BUTLER. I withdraw the motion to ad-
journ.
! Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the further con-
sideration of the subject be postponed until to-
morrow.
The motion was agreed to,
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that it had passed the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Lewis B. Willis, late a
paymaster in the Army of the United States;
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives
| of Isaac P. Simonton, deceased; and
i A bill for the relief of William Bkke.
j EXECUTIVE SESSION.
I On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senatepre-
; ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
1 and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 11, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM THE EXECUTIVE
DEPARTMENTS,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Treasury Department, trans-
mitting statements furnished by the heads of the
several bureaus of that Department, in pursuance
j of the act of Congress approved August 28, 1842,
requiring a detailed statement of the manner in
which the contingent fund of the said Department
had been expended; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the War Depart-
i ment, transmitting a statement of the expenditures
of the national armories, and of the arms and ap-
pendages made thereat during the year ending
June 30,1853; which was laid upon the t&J&le, and
ordered to be printed.
CAPTAIN INGRAHAM.
The SPEAKER, stated the business -first in
order to be the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion of thanks, and presentation of a sword, to
Captain Duncan N. Ingraham, the question pend-
ing being the motion to commit to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. DISNEY rose and addressed the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana having obtained the floor When the resolu-
tion was last before the House, is still entitled to
it if he wishes to address the House.
Mr. DISNEY. Well, sir, I will then only give
notice that I desire to address the House upon the
subject of these resolutions when the opportunity
shall occur.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does the Chair decide that
the motion to commit keeps this resolution be-
fore the House as unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
year enu
le tai>le, t
v !
