1,-54.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
859
contract, if he does not fulfill it. Iask,then, what
objection is there to the proposition? He does not
claim n monopoly of the contract for ten years;
and although there is a proposition giving the con-
tract for that time, yet there is a stipulation that if
anybody during that time can do it better, that the
original contractor shall be superseded; nay, more,
superseded, too, without any coat or charge to the
Government. He is to surrender his contract be-
cause he does not keep up with the progressive
spirit of the age. What objection can there be to
this course, 1 ask ? It isa contract to pay no enor-
mous charge for an madequateconsideration, but
it is a contract to pay for substantial value re-
ceived. By adopting this course you will place
this matter of mail contracts upon the true princi-
ple, which should be the only test for mail con-
tracts—the time in which the service is to be per-
formed. Then you will find this Government
moving ahead in strict accordance with the pro-
gressive spirit of the age, and the great improve-
ments developing in the country.
What objection can there be to this ? Who can
object to it? I ask this House again, I appeal to
gentlemen, to support the principle embraced in
this bill. Here, sir, is an important principle at
issue. I cannot estimate its value too highly. It
is deeply interesting to the country. It will cause
the mails to be delivered to us with greater rapidity
than usual. It will cause them to be delivered at
a less rate than the ordinary one. It will, in
every point of view, enable the Government to
keep pace with individual enterprise.
It will place this great arm of the public service
under the responsibility of quick operations. I
ask, then, on what principle it can be objected to
Look to your steamers carrying the mails over
the Atlantic, as they have been referred to by the
gentleman who preceded me. Suppose weannulled
that contract, and threw the service open to com-
petition on the principle of this bill. Instead of
having but one line of steamers, the pampered pet
of this Government, we would have, perhaps, half a
dozen lines struggling for supremacy; and perhaps
thecarryingof the mails would be sometimes trans-
ferred from the one line to the other. Instead of
having a single great monopoly on the Atlantic
ocean, we would perhaps have a general circula-
tion of half a dozen competing lines.
But, Mr. Speaker, the principle itself is right—
the principle itself is economical—awakens all the
fire and energy of American enterprise; it ad-
dresses itself to the favorable consideration of the
whole country. And I conceive, that instead
of our being startled by it and making objections
to it, the wonder is, not that the system is now
suggested, but thata principle that muststrike all
sensible men with obvious and conclusive force
had not before been introduced and acted on in
this House.
I say, then, that I hope the House will consider
and adopt this bill, not because the principle is
new—for change is not always an improvement—
but because the principle is wise, and is, m every
point of view, justly entitled to the favorable con-
sideration of this House and of the country. I
will not trouble the House with any further re-
marks; but ask the House to pass the bill.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would be glad to know,
Mr. Speaker, whether or not, under the rules of
the House, this bill does not require to be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union' 1 grant you it does not make a direct
appropriation; but the remarks of my colleague
[Mr. Smith] satisfy my mind, at least, that this
bill ought to go to the Committee of the Whole.
I am free to admit, sir, that the principle involved
in it is an important one.
Mr. CHURCHWELL, (interrupting.) I de-
sire to say, if the gentleman from Virginia will
permit me 
Mr. McMULLIN. What is the object of the
gentleman? .
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to ask the
House to postpone the consideration of this bill
for ten days,
Mr. McMULLIN. No. I will not agree to
that proposition.
I desire, Mr. Speaker, before I take my seat to
express my views in reference to this matter 
Mr. JONES, of New York, (interrupting.)
Will the gentleman from Virginia permit me for
one moment?
Mr. McMULLIN. I will yield the floor to
the gentleman from New York for an explana-
tion.
Mr. JONES. I will only detain the gentleman
from Virginia for one moment. I wish to say to the
House, as a member of the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, from which this bill is re-
ported, that this bill has not been considered by
that committee, as I understand it; and for myself
I must say that in its present form I am much op-
posed to it; and, therefore, I trust that this House
will not spring upon us this bill until it can be
well understood.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to make one
single remark, and then I will yield the floor to
the gentleman from Virginia
Mr. McMULLIN. 1 will yield for an expla-
nation, but not for a motion.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I am surprised, Mr.
Speaker, to hear the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Jones] say that this bill has been reported
from the committee without having been consid-
ered .
Mr. OLDS. Will the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] yield to me for a moment
for the purpose of explanation?
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly.
Mr. OLDS. It becomes necessary and proper
for me, inasmuch as my colleague upon the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, [Mr.
Jones, of New York,J has spoken in reference to
the action of the committee, to say a word in ex-
planation. The gentleman is mistaken in regard
to the action of the committee, in saying that they
have not considered the bill.
Mr. JONES, of New York. I do not wish to be
misunderstood in my remarks. I believe that the
committee as a committee, have not considered
this bill, nor reported as a committee upon it. I
so understand the matter. I do not say that the
subject has not been talked over by us individu-
ally, but that as a committee we have not consid-
ered the bill.
Mr. OLDS. I will state what the action of the
committee was upon the bill. I do not know
whether my colleague upon the committee [Mr.
Jones, of New York] was or was not present at
the time the bill was up for consideration before
the committee. The matter was taken up and
considered by the committee; and the order of the
committee was, that Mr. McDougall should re-
port the bill back to the House with amendments;
and it is my fault, perhaps, that the amendments,
or all of them, are not in the bill, as they should
be. Thegentlemau from Tennessee, [Mr. Church-
well,] on Monday, handed me the bill to look
over it, for the purpose of seeing whether it em-
braced the views of the committee. That was
about the time we were entering into the discus-
sion of the bill for the pay of postmasters, and I
put the bill into my drawer, forgot to look at it,
and handed it back to the gentleman without pe-
rusal.
But the order of the committee was to report
back the bill to the House, with amendments. The
amendments were to change the first section of the
bill so as to authorize the Postmaster General to
enter into a contract of this kmd, upon the com-
pletion of the existing contracts for the transpor-
tation of mails upon that route, and to strike out
of the schedule of time all after fourteen days. In
this manner the committee acted, without pledging
itself to vote for or against the bill when it should
come up for consideration by the House. They
were willing to report it back, as a bill containing
merits, and allow it to be discussed by the House,
and adoited or rejected, as they should see fit.
Mr. McMULLIN. This is not, Mr. Chair-
man, the first bill which, since 1 have had the
honor of a seat upon this floor, has been precipi-
tated upon the House for its action. Gentlemen
who were here during the Thirty-First Congress
know perfectly well what was said in relation to
these matters at that time, and the course which
was pursued then. They cannot have forgotten
that they were assured by the then learned and
distinguished chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, that if the reduction
of postage, which was then proposed, should 1&
adopted, the whole country would be greatiy ben-
efited by that arrangement. We were also assured
that the Post Office Department would become a
self-sustaining Department. I did not believe in
the principle and beneficial effects of a reduction
then; and the facte which have since transpired
have satisfied all, conclusively, that such belief
was well founded. The Post Office Department
of this Government is minus $2,000,000 now;
and if you will confer with the head of that De-
partment, you will find that the probability is that
next year there will be a deficiency of $4,000,000.
It is not my purpose, at this time, to go into
the consideration of the merits of this bill. Not *
at all. But, sir, since I have been a member of
this House, I have seen that almost all the changes
which have been made in the Post Office Depart-
ment have resulted to the benefit of the large
commercial cities, but to .the ruin, almost, of the
rural districts. What are the facts? In my own
district, as also in almost all the rural districts in
this country, you can scarcely get a postmaster
to hold a commission six months, because of the
reduction of their pay; and I express my belief
that the operation of this bill will further cripple
the postal arrangements of these districts.
It is due to all portions of the country that thia
important bill—conceded by its friends to be im-
portant—conceded by my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Churchwei.i.] to be important—important
as my colleague [Mr. Smith] has fully shown to
to the House—should receive a full and carefu.
consideration. The question is, will you give it
that consideration in the House, or will you refer
it to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, where it can be fully, deliberately,
and fairly considered?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. The gentleman speaks
of the importance of the bill. I admit it; and ask
him to be good enough to let it be recommitted to
the committee, that they may consider it, and that
its further consideration may be postponed indefi-
nitely, or for two or three weeks.
Mr. McMULLIN. Before I take my seat, I
will endeavor to answer my friend from Tennes,-
see, for I assure him there are but few members
upon this floor whom I would sooner accommo-
date than him.
But while I am upon the floor I desire to call
the attention of the House to one fact. 1 Ask every
member upon this floor, and they will tell you
that the reduction of the rates of postage has
worked nothing but ruin upon the revenues of the
Post Office Department, and I am not prepared
to say that if you adopt this bill it will not result
in still further liabilities upon that Department.
I have not sufficiently examined it to prepare ma
to say definitely, however, what will be its oper-
ation in this respect.
But, sir, although it is said that this bill has met
the approbation of a majority of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, I must beg to
tell the House that I know one member of that
committee, from Virginia, [Mr. Powell,] did not
sanction it, nor, if I understand it, Was he con'
suited upon the subject.
Again, sir, I would like to see the Post Office
Department a self-sustaining branch of the Gov-
ernment. I do not want my district, and other dis-
tricts which are like mine, situated in the interior
of the country, cut down in their mail facilities,
and then called upon to contribute to support those
facilities for the benefit of the great commercial
cities of the country.
I am, for one, perfectly willing that Congress
should pass a law—and I believe it is the duty of
Congress to pass such a law—as shall make the
Post Office Department a self-sustaining branch of
the Government. Iam perfectly willing that my
district should contribute its share towards meet-
ing the burdens of the Government; but I am not
willing, when that is done, that you should increase
your postal facilities between thegreatcommercial
cities to two mails a day, while in the rural dis-
tricts of the country they cannot get more than
two mails per week, and, in many instances, not
more than one a week.
But, sir, it is not my purpose to trespass upon
the time of the House, but move to refer the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If the friends of the bill prefer that it
should be recommitted to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, I will not object to that
disposition of it. •
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him ?
Mr. McMULLIN. No, sir; my friend wants,
I know, to postpone the further consideration of
this bill for three weeks; but 1 cannot consent to
make, or to allow him to make, that motion,
