1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
resolution, being a report from a committee, and a
motion having been made to commit to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
is regularly before the House as unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. PERKIXS. Mr. Speaker, I have been in-
formed that the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
Phillips] desires to offer an amendment to the
amendment, or rather a substitute for the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Barry.] If he desires to offer it now, I will give
way for that purpose.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In availing myself of the
polite invitation of the gentleman from Louisiana,
and of the promise of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to accept my amendment in place of Ins
own, 1 propose to strikeout the words " in extend-
ing the protection of the American Government
over Martin Koszta,"and to insert in lieu thereof,
" in vindicating the right of Martin Xtoszfa to
American protection."
This, sir, will directly meet the issue which was
made up when the question was before the House.
Mr. PERKINS. I desire to oiler a resolution
of inquiry, which I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to adopt, before I make any remarks
in reply to the gentlemen from Alabama and Vir-
ginia. The resolution leads:
Resolved, That the President be requeued to communi-
cate to tins House, as tar as may not he ineompai.lde ltU
the punhe interest, all-eoire^sondence, other than that liete-
eofoie eomnsui'icatod, that may have taken place between
the State DepfuUt'esuaiKtour rejnescutauves uhioad, oi tin;
■repiertentauve.-* of lorenjn Power* utid State? near tins Gov-
ernment, ni let^aid to the piotectum extended In the United
S?talo> Government to in citizen- in lotei^n countries, ami
ro tlio&e vvhu have declared au intention to become us ciu-
The resolutions read:
"Resolved, Thnt the thanks of Congress he, ami they are
hereby, presented to (.'aptam ])ujumii N. 5 ninvUmnt. eum-
mnmhnethe United States sloop of'-wur St Louis, and to
the o^'icefb and men wider his covtmavd, Cor theu gallant
conduct on the second day oi July la->t, in asseiftng and
protecting the ri«h.t oj Jlvutx^an citizenship, native and
adopted, by the reseuo of Martin Ko^zta, in the haibor of
Smyrna, Irom his forcible and illegal seizui e and imprison-
ment.
"Revolved, Thatthe ProMdentof the United States be, and
is hereby, requested to cause to he made a sword, with
j suitable devices, and presented to Captain Uunean N. Jn-
j graham, a-< a testimonial of the high sense entertained by
i Congress of bis valor, pioinptnecs, and judicious conduct '
j on the above-mentioned occasion.
: "Resolved, Tnat the President of the United States
i cause the lbieconi!* resolution* to bv communicated to
• Captain Duncan N. luirtahani, m sueh tonus as he muv
1 deem best calculated to «ive eilectto the objects theiuul."
When these resolutions were referred to the
reported by the committee proposes the presenta-
tion of a medal.
In fixing the value of a compliment, from the
action of this House, we must refer to its usages,
and the estimation in which it is regarded by naval
men. No'w, it so happens that the presentation
of a sword is not one of the highest expressions
of approbation from this House to an officer of
the Navy. A higher one than that is the present-
ation of a silver medal; and a higher one still is
the presentation of a gold medal, which has only
been given to naval officers engaged in successful
combat in command of a vessel-of-war. It was
in this way Commodoie Tiuxton was honored
in 1800; Captains Hull, Decatur, and Jones in
1S13: and Captain Stewait in 18H>. A higher
A
ikj me compliment than any I hare mentioned, is a vote
„ „ . -v . , . •.""V,;?. 1 of thanks and a medal. Within the history of our
Committee on h oreign Ai;aut., w i & 1L || country this has only been voted on tlnee memor-
able occasions: first in 1804, to Captain Preble;
secondly, in 18J3, to Captains Perry and Elliott
A Mismblr objected.
Mr. PERKINS. I am grateful for the con-
siders ion of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
X>ocock1 in moving an adjournment on Friday
'.ast, ir order that \ might have the floor tins
morning.
1 should have preferred, however, to have scud
then what I df-"'igu saying now. I desired that
some explanation of the action of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs in relation to the subject befoie
the Blouse should have accompanied the cuticisms
of the gentleman fiom Alabama [Mr. PniLurs]
upon the action of that committee, which he must
excuse me for calling a little unkind.
As a member of that committee, I confess_ to
some sensitiveness under the imputation of having
evaded the expression of any ptmciple it was our
duty to declaie.
Sir, the friends of Captain ingraham must be
^ratified at the fact revealed by this discussion,
that theie is not a dissenting voice m tins Blouse
as to the propriety am1 gallantry of his conduct in
die rescue of Mai tin Ko&Kta. i
The difficulty of the gentlemen who complain |
of the action of the Committee on Foreign Allans, 1
seems to be, that that committee has not been able j
to find language sufficiently expressive ot their i
sens of the°high gallantry ol Captain Ingrahanrs j
conduct, and, at the same time, distinctly enun- ;
mative of those great principles upon which they j
ihink that conduct justified, in their embarrass- j
mem in this particular 1 sympathize. They can j
frame no eulogy on the conduct of Captain lngra- :
ham m which I will not concur. They can express '
Hi no language too forcible my admiration of the
alriity of the letter of the Secretaiy < f Slate. I
think that, in this matter, the Secretary has been
almost as fortunate as Captain Ingraham; and
that as the rescue of Kof^ta will forever remain
a bright act in our naval history, so will the letter
of the Secretary be regarded as inaugurating a
new era in American diplomacy.
I make these remarks that I, may not appear
subject to the imputation tln't thegentleman n'om
Alabama casts upon the Committee on to^eign
Affairs, of having evaded a frank and direct ex- j| Duucin
mession of opinion upon the sentiments ot that]
letter. 1 do not, however, consumer that that nn- j,
putation was at all called for by the resolution be- ji
foie the House. j
What was the original proposition ot the gen- j
tie man ftom New \ ork, []Wr. Deak r] It v. as ;
simply a vote of th;u:ks to Captain Ingianam ^
and the otlUers and men under his conuuond for ;
their gallant conduct in asserting and protecting ;
the lights of American aniens, native and j
adopted. !
position? They desired to lespond at once
! sentiments which they believed, with the ^entle-
• mail from Alabama, to be those of the national
j heart. ^
i In what manner could they best do so? They
■ considered that these resolutions had two objects:
First, to compliment, m just and proper terms,
1 Captain Ing 'aham; and second, to nationalize, as
! far as the action of the committee could, conduct
| which, as that of an individual, had reflected credit
j upon the country. They had not before them the
j President's message, the correspondence ol the
! Secretaiy of State, nor the additional corresponci-
! ence which the resolution I have just ottered pro-
! poses to give the House. They considered, how-
; ever, that, as the gentleman irom New York {Mr.
i Dkax] disclaimed all party purposes—as the name
1 of Mr. Matey was not mentioned, as the Presi-
dent was not referred to—ho deshed his resolu-
■ turns to be what the gentleman from Alabama
1 wished them to be—a lesponse to the gieat na-
tional heart, which, he said, had been stirred to
its utmost depth.
: The committee thought it could best make such
! a response by putting the lesoiutions ill a form
j that would secure piompt and unanimous action
f upon them. They did not wait to have diplo-
i matic documents before them. They did not wait
!; for the call which I have sent to the Clerk's deM<;
|! but they came immediately into this Uouse, with
]' resolutions so framed as to secure the unanimous
]| approbation of a committee composed ot both
'■ Wings and Democrats. j
i: if the gentleman from Alabama will pardon '
mo*, 1 will suggest, in all kindness, that he might
have hesitated to charge these resoiutmnsas worth-
less, and stripped of all their ouginal fmee, when
he found them coming back from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs under such encumstanees,and
reported by their original mover, satished with
their amendment.
Hut, sir, I meet the gentleman on this issue.
What aie the it-solutions es repoited back by the
committee r Bias that committee weakened , many
dcgiee, their original fot<**,? The committee^ re-
ported back to the [Tonse that tlie thanks of Con-
gress., with a medal, be given to Captain ingralnua
fcr his judicious and gallant conduct m extending
the protection of the Government to Martin Kosz-
ta. The resolutions lead:
" Be d resolved hv ths inmate and Uoitsr of JU-pr^Ctita-
fivc* of the i;-.nre<!\-;ur<s o) A.ncua u.
l-lcd, 'i'hat tin- titankv ot Co.iy
pioented to Dun
Maf<> < ! v
conduct on
\ they air In-rehy.
X. in^ialiaui,e(Mn'niUid!'i? t!ie fniicd
^t. lot Iih pidieious and <i;nlaiit
ml d.ij Oi Jei\ !.V?, 1)1 rxlcndi.ia t'u-
to Miirun Ko-zia,
! m i'/uic and Dti-
nd \1
an hri'z
I 'iiitcd Stfte?? 1"',
j.u!.' a medal, with
r(i !u CapUiin litiuean \. ! i-
itine--, and jndieiou- conduct
ptot"Wi<>n '-i the \ineiic:iu fi«>
hv !<■-< nn <> linn trmn toieiide ;
pn-oiinient on boau' the Au-n
" Jlt-.uhcd, That tiie Pre-nii'iit o! liu-
am] hi'irbj', lp.]u(—t<-(! to  
Ml.ialllC lluVICl'S, .111(1 [IP'M'l
jrahnrii. a-J a Te^umouui! ot
t'onures- of hi- vahii. p>tw
on tiii* alio\<> nifii'i..!'.'!! rx-r■>-ir,n.
"RaolicJ, That tip; I'ri-Kicnt (it tlmUimca
t!iy !(Mi itnuis: to lio eomsiUCii'T.U'.S t(i
I 1101 JllMMMH Midi tOlttj^ ShM.K'O" (U'Clli bffct
^ ..Icul.us^l tc ;;t\"u etk-ct to the (d^ 'ct-- t'tpicol. 1
Now, sir, what ave the c!i,ip<;ps made in the
resolution.s by the ccmimtteer Knst. they have
stinek out " his officers and men." They have
left the resolution distinctly a euifphrr.ent to Cap-
tain Insrjh; r.i. TSiey comiudfd thet the mouil
force, and (he gallantry dispho/ed in that a-.t, was
Captain in;rah.uri'K aione. Tl.ei-efore, they h„ve
left the resolution more com,ih-ncrtary ill us pres-
ent form than it was bei'ort-. Tiieoiu'inal lesoiu-
tionproposed the presentation of a sword—the one
thirdly, in J8M,to CaptainMacDonough,on Lalte
i Uhaniplam. In every instance the naval officers
commanded squadrons, and were successful ill gal-
lant engagements.
Sir, the Committee on Foreign Affairs did not
suppose, when they redeemed the oriental resolu-
tion from a faint expression of thanks, and ele-
vated its object into the same rank with Mac-
Donough, with Perry, and with Preble, that they
were to be told that they weie weakening and
making contemptible the expression of Congress.
Mr. PHILLIPS, (from'his seat.) I had 110
reference to the thanks to Captain Ingiaham per-
j - sonally.
[ Mr. PER.KINS. The gentleman says he has
I no left'ii'iice to that. Well, then, we will regaid
!] it in another light—with reference to the expres-
! sion of princi}>le, as embodied in that resolution,
ji Wow, sir, have the committee, by the chai ge
! I made in the form of the resolutions, weakened the
j enunciation of any great principle^ Sir, a great
i French orator has lemarked that in certain con-
'I nection.^ words aie things. The committee, sir,
in regai ding the facti, camc to the conclusion that
|| tlii.-i act of Ctiptaiu Ingraham was in itself h prin-
, c.ipie. If the gentleman insists, however, that.
some great principle—a principle of ^international
; !ilVv—should have been embodied in'these resolu-
tions, I would ask him if the principle embodied
m the oiigina! resolution meets to-day, as it did
011 Friday, his approbation '
Sir, what was the principle asseited in the res-
cue of Kow.tn' How cmld the committee best
cxnrcss that piinciple? It was evidently not ex-
pu'.wtd in the resolution referred by the House.
That, voted the thanks of Congress to Captain
, Ii'gii'ham—for what? For asseiUtig and pro-
| tecting the riahts of American citizens, native and
i adopted? Now the committee concluded that
' Captain hisraham had done nothing of the kind
i in the lescue of Kos/.ta. He [KosztaJ was neither
1 a citi/.eit, native or adopted. Therefoie, the leso-
lutnins did not answer the purpose of the original
j n.uvei, nor did they embody all the principles of
the Secretary's letter. That letter went fuithei-
than that—that letter stated three grounds, each
one of which, according to the reasonings of the
Secietary, was m itself distinctly sufficient to jus-
■ tify that act. What were those principles?
I • ]st. That of humanity.
j ad. That of nationality arising from domifiiia-
■ turn in a country: carrying with it the duty of
protection.
.j 3d. That of nationality resulting fiora the pos-
' session of a icskerah or certificate of piotection,
i such as it in customary for consuls in the East to
- "ive to those recog>u7.«l as under the protection of
their respective Governments. Xow, sir, did tne
1 original resolutions assert any one ot these pan-
1 C i1 ^ C' '
'The gentleman disclaims for them the fost—
, that of "humanity; and as Amencaii citizenship,
! native or adopted, complete or inchoate, is not
'• identical, nor nhwys coexistent, nor in any way
necessarily connectcd with the nationalities .-poked
of by the'Sicreiarv—the resolutions certainty do
not declare the other two grounds. _
What, th-n, weie they based upon.; Lpouno
principle at all; hut simply upon the t,,ct. and by
no means a motet,a! tact, oi Martin Kc.^ta s
I'avnt'* declared in one ot onr coit!'.'. an liAcnaon
to become a citizen of t':e United -,:it( s.
^iovy, sir, the circumBtance of sucu a declara-
