1854;-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
they should make. Three members of the com-
mittee—the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,]
the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr, Wil-
liams,] and myself, have instructed me to make
the Yeport which I hold in my hand, and which I
ask leave to have printed for the information of
the Senate.
The report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. On behalf of the minority of
the committee, 1 also beg leave to offer a report
signed by the Senator from New York [Mr.
Seward] and myself, which lask to have printed.
The PRESIDENT. If there be no objection it
will be ordered to be printed.
Mr. BADGER. ! suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts, that he had better alter the title of
his paper. It is not the custom of the Senate to
receive minority reports. He fead better, there-
fore, entitle it i( the views of the minority."
Mr. SUMNER. I have given no title to it
whatever, i will remark, Mr. President, that the
paper offered by the chairman of the committee
has not (he sanction of a majority. It is only
signed by three of the members.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The chairman dis-
tinctly stated that.
The PRESIDENT. The question has been
decided. Both reports are ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The chairman dis-
tinctly stated that it was signed by only three mem-
bers. He did not say a majority.
Mr. SUMNER, i understood the chaip$han.
homestead bill. %r
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the considera-
tion of the House bill " to grant a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands
to actual settlers."
Mr. Clayton had moved to amend by striking
out the sixth section, which is in the following
words;
" Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if any individ-
ual now a resident of any one of the States or Territories,
and not a cilizen of the United States, hut at tile time of
making such acquisition for the benefit of this act, shall
have filed a declaration of intention as required by the nat-
uralization laws of the United States, and shall become a
citizen of the >ame before llie ist-uance oi the patent, as
made and provided for in this act, shall be placed upon au
equal looting with the native-born citizen of the United
States."
Pending this motion, Mr. Chase moved to
amend the section by striking out the words
" now a resident of any one of the States or Ter-
ritories, and," and inserting the word " who "
between the words " but " and '• at; " and this is
the pending question.
Mr. CHASE. I desire to recall the attention
of the Senate to the precise point upon which they
are about to vote. The bill, as it stands, allows
immigrants, who arrive before the passage of the
act, to participate in its benefits. It excludes
those who arrive after the passage of the act. The
object of my amendment is simply to do away
with that discrimination, which is founded on no
principle, and is odious in itself. I shall not de-
tain the Senate by any remarks; I simply ask for
the yeas and nays upon the amendment.
Theyeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I am opposed
to this bill, and hereafter shall give my reasons for
voting against it; but I think this amendment
proper in itself. If you are to extend to foreigners
at all the right to enter upon your public lands and
occupy them while they are foreigners, there is no
reason why the privilege should be confined to
foreigners now resident in the United States. If
the bill remain as it now stands, in this respect,
the effect, I fear, will only be to lead to frauds
and perjuries, because it will be impossible to tell
when a party became a resident. The temptation
would be too great not to lead to such a result. I
therefore think the amendment proper, though I
am opposed to the bill.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] has anticipated me in
part in what I intended to say. I shall, for the
same reason which he has given, vote for the
pending amendment. I will not be accessory,
intentionally and deliberately, to any crimes. I
will not, by my action, stimulate and foster frauds
and perjuries such, as 1 believe, will be engen-
dered by passing "this bill in itg present form. But
1 shall vote for the amendment for an addilional
reason. If this bill is to pass in its present form, I
we shall at each successive Congress, and proba-
bly at each successive session of Congress, have
to reenact the law for the benefit of the influx bf
immigrants who may then have arrived in this
country, and in order to save the public time and
further discussion about this matter, it is better
to yield at once to them the whole of the public
domain.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, when I proposed
the amendment under consideration, its justice and
propriety'seemed to me so obvious that I did not
anticipate any objection to it, and I was greatly
surprised at the state of feelmg which seems to
exist against foreigners in certain quarters. The
Senator from Mississippi declares the object of
the amendment to be merely to tax the native-born
and adopted citizen of this country for the benefit
of foreigners, and demands to know what need
we have of emigration from other countries, &c. ?
He also observes that foreigners protested against
the Nebraska bill, and also hung an honorable
Senator, in effigy, &c., and this is briefly the
Senator's argument against the amendment
The Senator fiom Kentucky objects, first, be-
cause no President has ever recommended the
measure, and no one has asked for it. That no
President has recommended it may be correct. I
never look in that direction to learn the will of the
people, or as a guide to my action. I have the
vanity to believe that I understand quite as well
what the people want as a President. But the
Senator is greatly mistaken in supposing that the
people have not asked for this measure. I doubt
not that we have more petitions on this subject,
on our table, than on all others together, with the
single exception of the Nebraska bill. The Sen-
ator also declares that the amendment holds out
a provision to the cowards of Europe who have
not courage to remain at home in time of war;
that it is a premium to paupers, ioafers, vaga-
bonds, and fugitives from justice. He declares
that the " South do not want foreigners about their
plantations, corrupting their people, injuring their
children, and excluding themjrom a fair participa-
tion in the benefits of the common territory."
Such, very briefly, are the arguments by which
my amendment has been assailed; and now, Mr.
President, though I have no particular reason for
favoring foreigners over much, being of that stub-
born old puritan stock of Massachusetts, who the
Senator said, were generally in a state of rebel-
lion against their own Government, while in Eng-
land, as well as after they reached our shores, and
frequently against th'eirown Government since—
though, by the way, I believe the Senator from
Kentucky will do this rebellious generation the
justice to admit that, whenever they fought, where-
ever they fought, or whoever they fought, their
battle has always been a privilege against prerog-
ative, for republicanism against monarchy, for
liberty against slavery. Being, I say, purely of
this old Yankee stock, whose ancestors came to
this country so long ago that the sin of their
"immigration," ought, I suppose, on the principle
of the honorable Senator, to be outlawed, and ever
having belonged to a political party , against which
foreigners have always unwisely, i think, acted,
I am not likely to be prejudiced in their favor
over much.
But who does not know that our country,
through every period of her history, has been,
and is now, greatly indebted for her unexampled
growth, power, and prosperity, to these despised
foreigners who are now stigmatized as paupers,
loafers, fugitives from justice, and vagabonds.
How was it in the struggle of our fathers for in-
dependence? Pause for a moment, and think of
the noble hearted and self-devoted Montgomery,
of the indomitable Steuben, of the chivalrous Pu-
laski, with hosts of other worthies; and then of
the more obscure, but not less meritorious class
of foreigners, who, as private soldiers, struggled,
fought, and died, side by side with our fathers,
to achieve our independence. Think of these
things, I say, and then talk, if you can, of loafers,
vagabonds, and fugitives from justice; and coming
down to our own times, how easy, yea, how
pleasant it would be, were it not, perhaps, invidi-
ous to speak of some in our very midst of whom
we are at a loss which most to admire, their cour-
age and intrepidity in the field, or their wisdom in
counsel; but I forbear.
But, says the Senator from Mississippi, what
do we want of immigration? I might answer by
asking, what do we want of .railroads, sa als,,gr
other improvements?- "Why .dp we want our
swamps drained, and our vast wildeiiness, cleared
up and inhabited;' Yet, without these foreigners,
whose presence among us the Senators seem go
much to deprecate, what would now have been
the condition of our country? Our vast public
works, railroads, and canals, would not have been
built. Who, as he passes through our country,
from one remote point to another, with the speed
of the wind, and with all the comforts and con-
veniences of a parlor, has notobserved with whflt
herculean'labor the hills have been torn down and
the valleys filled up, and the rough ways made
smooth, to prepare the way for the locomotive?
And who, that has a soul in him, has not re-
flected on the condition of those poor men, by
whose hard and patient, but scantily paid labor,
these wonders have been accomplished, without
feeling that they deserve well of their adopted
country, and without earnestly wishing to aid
them to improve their condition ? If there be such
a man, I envy not his head or his heart.
Mr. President, these poor men do not deserve
the harsh epithets which have been indiscrimin-
ately applied to foreigners. Amidst the darkness
and barbarism of the middle ages, foreigners or
strangers were considered as enemies, and were
treated accordingly. And in most countries of
Europe, at this day, I believe a remnant of this
absurd doctrine so far prevails as to prevent an -
alien from acquiring a permanent title to real
estate. But with our glorious Revolution, and
with the repeal of the odious alien law, these illib-
eral and unjust notions, prejudices, and practices
passed away, I trust forever. Have our people
ever suffered in any way from their liberality in
this respect to foreigners? No, sir; far from it.
It has enabled us, in less than the common age of
man, to advance from infancy and insignificance
to one of the most powerful nations on the earth.
Why, then, I ask again, should we not encourage
immigration ? Have not these immigrants proved
loyal to our free institutions? Have they ever
sought to overthrow our Government? It is not
pretended. Of all people on earth, we ought to
harbor no prejudices against immigrants. Why,
sir, we are all either immigrants ourselves or the
descendants of immigrants, and it cannot certainly
be of much importance at what particular period
the emigration took place? That bad, idle, and
vicious persons emigrate, I dp not deny, but"such
cases form a meager exception to the rule; and I
object to the great mass of our worthy immigants
being compelled to suffer /or the sins of the
vicious few.
But enough of this. It will not be denied that the
great mass of immigrants who seek a home in this
' favored land, make moral, industrious, and worthy
citizens. Why, then, should we discourage immi-
gration ? These immigrants have, within a few
years past, no doubt brought more property into
the country than you have been able to dig from
the mines of California. I have no doubt that we
are greatly aided in liquidating the great balance
of trade, always against us, by the wealth brought
here by these immigrants.
But it is said that this measure is, in effect, to
tax our own people for the benefit of foreigners;
if such is really the. case, it is an unanswerable
\ objection to the bill. Let us for a moment ex-
' amineit. The Government is the owner of untold
millions of acres of wild, uncultivated land, much
more than can be occupied for centuries to come,
now lying waste. And so far from yielding any-
thing to the Treasury While in this condition, it
costs immense sums of money every year to pro-
tect the frontiers from Indian depredations, &c.
Now, admitting, for argument's sake, that it is
right and proper for the Government, like a huge
land speculator, to make what money she can
from the sale of this land; still, I think, it would
be easy to demonstrate that the Government would
be the gainer by encouraging their settlement, by
a gratuitous distribution in small quantities, to ac-
tual settlers, as this bill proposes to do. The price
that the Government would expect to get for one
hundred and sixty acres would be two hundred
dollars, from which must be deducted the cost of
collecting, &e. Now, sir, I will not undertake
to say how long it would take a family occupying
such a farm, by the consumption of articles paying
duties, to repay this sum to, the Government; but
I presume it would be in less than ten years, to say
