150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
tion of intention to become a citizen was not re-
ferred to by the Secretary as a prerequisite to
nationality, but simply m evidence of Ko&zta's
domicile m this country; and so careful was the
Secretary to make this appear, that he expressly
states that had Koszta'd declaration been just the
reverse—that is, had he sworn to an intention
never to become a citizen of the United States—
still, if his domicile here was established beyond
all question, he was entitled to our protection.
Then, sir, as the original resolutions did not
express the great principles embodied in the act
of Captain Ingraham, and argued in the letter of
the Secretary, what was the committee to dor
Why, certainly, that which they proceeded to do;
to frame such resolutions as they thought would
best express the national significance attached to
Captain Ingraham's conduct.
They did not feel disposed, sir, even if they ap-
proved all the reasonings of that letter, to make it a
kind of test act for the approbation of Captain In-
graham'sconduct. Some members of this House,
without being able to concur in all three of the
grounds taken by the Secretary of State, might yet
find in one of them an ample vindication of Captain
Ingraham's conduct. Others, like the gentleman
from Alabama, might have additional grounds of
justification for that conduct. Between the act of
Captain Ingraham and the letter of Mr. Marcy
there was no necessary connection, and the com-
mittee, looking at the rescue of Koszta as a great
act, respondea to by the national heart, did not
feel disposed, acting above party considerations,
#nd above sectional interests, to come into this
House and say to the large and respectable body
composing the Whig: party, "unless you indorse
such and such reasonings, you shall be placed in
the false position of disapproving an act which has
met the approbation of the whole country."
But, sir, there was another alteration. All reso-
lutions heretofore passed,complimentary of naval
officers, have been worded, "for their good and
gallant conduct." The committee supposed that
this House took a higher ground than that con-
tained in any action of this House merely compli-
mentary. They therefore inserted the words
"judicious and gallant conduct." They wished
to ascribe to Captain Ingraham something of the
judgment of a statesman. They thought this act
united the moral courage and sagacity of a states-
man with the spirit of a soldier, and hence they
said 14 for ins judicious and gallant conduct on
the second day of July last, m extending the pro-
tection of the American Government to Martin
Koszta," &c.
I think the gentleman himself, on reflection, will
agree with me, that in this view of the case, we
have not weakened, but rather extended the prin-
ciple embodied in the resolutions. I ask the gen-
tleman when he proposes to approve the conduct
of Captain Ingraham specifically, if he does not
limit the extent of that approbation? He reduces
a mere question of principle to one of fact. If it
should happen that he had not ucted exactly in
accordance with the gentleman's statement, he is
then, by implication at least, censured.
But I go further. I take higher ground. I
contend that if the committee had simply in view
the enunciation of a great principle of nationality,
they could not have adopted more suitable lan-
guage than that they have employed. What was
the issue? When Captain Ingraham first rescued
Martin Koszta, the act was met by the protest of the
Russian Government, and by that of Austria and
Prussia. Protests against, what? Against any doc-
trine of nationality, against any right to protect our
own citizens, native or ad opted, against any reason-
ing in the letter of Secretary Marcy, against any ac-
tion of this Government? JS'otata!!. It was simply
against the act of Captain htirraham. When Mr.
HiiJsemann made his complaint to this Govern-
ment jn reference to this matter, was it directed
neainst the action of this Government, against
the assertion of any great principle, against any
reasoning of Secretary Marcy? By no means.
After alluding in his letter to some preliminary
matters which he did not consider of impoitance,
lie proceeds to say that the greatest cause of com-
plaint is the conduct of the American officers at
Smyrna; and he concludes by asserting the expect-
ation that this Government will not hesitate to
rebuke that conduct, and give reparation to Aus-
tria. That, then, is the issuer It is Captain Ingra-
ham 'sconduct, in extending the protection of this
Government to Martin Koszta. The issue is made
by the protests of foreign Governments—it is made
by Mr. Hiilsemann with the Secretary of State.
And how does the Secretary meet it? He begins by
saying that the President of the United States has
maturely considered the cause of the complaint
against the American officers; and concludes by
saying that he is not prepared to disclaim that ac-
tion, and make the reparation demanded. How
does the President meet it? Instead of disclaiming,
he is constrained to approve the conduct of Captain
Ingraham. Then what was the issue before the com-
mittee? It was not a question of reasoning to the
American people.' They were preparing to utter the
voice of the American people in regard to this
matter. Should they respond in the same manner
that the Secretary had done, that the President had
done ? In what form did they give that response ?
They could have confined themselves simply to
saying that they disclaimed that act. They might
have gone as far as the President, and said that
they simply approved that conduct. But the com-
mittee propose to go further, and vote thanks for
the gallant and judicious conduct of Captain In-
graham. The Government of Austria has promo-
ted the commander of the Austrian vessel. This
House cannot promote Captain Ingraha'm. But
the committee have done what they could to honor
him, by proposing to confer upon him the highest
compliment in their power.
Mr. Speaker, in discussing the resolutions be-
fore the House, I have sought to confine myself
to a defense of the action of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. 1 have not felt that the conduct
of Captain Ingraham required an Eulogy. It has
already received the approbation of the country.
The action of this House can only make perma-
nent the evidence of that approbation.
By European nations the passage of these reso-
lutions may be regarded as an indorsement by the
country of the leasoning of the letter of Mr. Mar-
cy, as well as of the act of Captain Ingraham.
Let it be so. That letter is not now properly be-
fore us, and I am therefore not disposed to fol-
low gentlemen into a discussion of its principles.
Whenever it comes up in some practical form, I
have no doubt it will be responded to by this
House, as it has been by the country. There are
sentiments m it, however, so appropriate to the
action of the House on the present occasion, that I
have found it difficult to check their utterance. I
especially adiniie his expression of our "duty to
make our nationality respected by other nations,
and respectable in every quarter of the globe,"
"without being obliged to explain" our "con-
duct to any foreign Power."
It was in this view that I thought there was
much force in the remark of the chairman of .the
committee, when he said that we were to pro-
nounce judgment, but not to give our reasoning
in this matter. I cannot agree with him, how-
ever, that American State papers lose either
in beamy or force by being mldiessed in lan-
guage which the popular mind can understand,
and with which the popular heart can sympathize.
1 think it is an honorable peculiarity of our insti-
tutions, that while the State papers of Europe are
frigid with a dignity that addresses itself simply
to the learned, the dispatches of this Government
are clothed in language simple and easy of appre-
I hension. But in this instance we are not speak-
j ing to the American people. We are speaking to
! foreign Governments; and the more concise and
! forcible our language, the more likely are we to
[ command respect.
■ Although I have spoken in approval of the doc-
j trines contained in the letter of the Secretary of
| State, I do not admit that the letter itself embodies
■ nny new principle. The Secretary himself pro-
i tests against this idea.
He says, speaking of nationality resulting from
' domicile:
l "Fti.* no new doctrine now for the first time broughtinto
operation hv the Unit* it States ; it is common to all nations,
! ami has bad ihe sanction of their practice for ages ; but it
is new that, at tiny late penod, when the United States as-
> seit a claim to it as a common inheritance, it should at
i once he. riii-coverei] that it is a doctune fraught with danger,
' and likely to eompromit the peace of the woild."
The merit of the Secretary's letter is, however,
greater fo my mind than if its doctrines were
novel. I think it no light thing that he hag brought
forward, in a bold and forcible manner, on a highly
proper occasion, a great principle of international
law that lias been suffered to lie long dormant in
our law books. As earfy as 1817, in the case of
the Pizarro, 2d Wheaton, this doctrine of nation-
ality, resulting from domicile, was laid down in
broad terms by Judge Story, and concurred in by
Judges Marshall, Washington, Livingston, and
Johnston. Secretary Marcy has only given to it
vitality by its application to persons as well as
property. There is no just reason for its being
restricted, so as to apply to one and not to the
other.
The principle is broad enough for both, and that
it has not always been extended to protect both is
attributable to the watchful jealousy with which
the monarchical Governments of Europe have
sought to make perpetual the allegiance of the sub-
ject. Recognizing, as we do in this country, the
opposite doctrine—that is, the right of an indi-
vidual to expatriate himself—the reasoning of the
Secretary, and the conclusions of his letter, are in
harmony with the spirit of our institutions.
I agree with the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that the time had arrived when
the voice of this country should be heard in de-
claring the law of nations. I think we have ac-
quiesced long enough in European interpretation
of that law. For the last fifty years it has been
moulded to suit the necessities of particular na-
tions. At this time it is practically little more
than a code, conventional in its character, for the
protection of existing institutions — interpreted
always against the individual, and in behalf of the
Government. Wow, sir, while I yield to no one in
reverence for those great principles of right that
civilians tell us lie at the base of abstract justice,
and constitute the links that bind together the
great commonwealths of mankind in the mutual
practice of honesty and humanity, and while I
would not willingly interfere with their legitimate
influence, nor rashly add to or subtract from
them, still I think that we have reason to complain
against their perversion.
I think, sir, the time is coming when this coun-
try will be forced to declare, in some degree, its
independence of a code which is so framed as to
justify tyranny in almost all its forms—a code
whieh is too often made a screen for the perpetra-
tion of great national crime. When we do declare
our independence of the perversions of this code,
I believe the act will be attended with moral re-
sults almost equal to those which attended the
establishment of our colonial independence.
In these sentiments I may not have the concur-
rence of all the members of this House, nor even
of all those who will vote for a resolution of thanks
to Captain Ingraham, and I am unwilling that their
utterance should be made a barrier to a full vote
on the resolutions before the House. For this
reason I think the phraseology used by the Com-
mittee peculiarly happy. It takes the whole sub-
ject out of the region of party, and enables all to
unite in the expression of their gratitude. To at-
tempt to write down, in the form of a resolution,
and to classify, as you would political principles,
the emotions excited by the act of Captain Ingra-
ham is impossible. You might as well attempt
to write down the emotions excited by one of our
martial airs, or by the sight of our flag victorious
in battle.
The gentleman from Alabama on my left, [Mr.
Phillips,] seems to think that the resolution, as
reported, will have no significance. I cannot agree
with him. The act, as that of an individual, has
caused the flag of our country to be hailed with
enthusiasm in all the ports of the East, and cannot
have less significance when made a national act.
An act which has thrown around our nationality
a degree of honor which it has never enjoyed be-
fore may well precede the disturbance of'the peace
of Europe. It may well precede the movement
which is felt i®all the ports of Asia.
I rejoice that this act occurred just when, and
where, and as it did. The circumstances attend-
ing associate themselves, in my mind, with some-
thing of the sublime.
The great Powers of Europe were negotiating
in those seas with reference to territorial limits ajjd
dynastic rights. With these questions America
and American officers had no sympathy; but so
soon as a great principle of international law was
invaded; so soon as an individual—an outcast
from other Governments, yet clothed with our
nationality—was touched in his rights, the protec-
tion of our Government was thrown around him.
I am proud of the act—I rejoice that while this
