1718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 18,
nothing of the addition of wealth and power that,
every such settlement brings permanently to the
Government.
Considering, then, that there is more than land
enough for all, how can it be said that encouraging
the settlement of foreigners among us tends m
any way to the injury .of our own people? I
should like to hear from the Senators from the
beautiful and vigorous young State of Iowa,
whether the native-born in that State consider the
immense emigration of foreigners there an evf! to
be deplored. It was not so in Ohio when that State
was new. There, sir, we rejoiced at the arrival
of every stranger among us, come from where he
might, provided only that he brought with him a
strong hand and an honest heart. And so it wiil
be in aH the vast wilderness now covering all the
central portions of this continent. The native-
born citizens svill welcome the foreigner there, and
bid him God speed, instead of thinking, with the
honorable Senators, that he has been robbed by
the strangers settling among them.
But again: it is made a serious argument against
this amendment, that the idle, the vicious, and the
vagabond, will avail themselves of the benefits of
this bill, remove into the remote wilderness, and
become tillersof the soil. And the Senators seem
to mourn over the contemplated departure of this
kind of population, like Rachel of old for her
children. Buithe Senators may be consoled. The
idle, the vicious, the pauper, and the vagabond,
will still abide with the Senators. This kind go
not into the wilderness. They will not leave their
haunts in the great cities, make a journey to the
far Westtoencounterthe hardships and privations
of a new country, if the vicious would indeed
do so they would be reformed, and you would
have no one for your jails or penitentiaries: but I
fear there is no danger of such a catastrophe as
the Senators apprehend. Theidleand the vicious
would be pretty well reformed by five years' pro-
bation like this; and should they honestly acquire
a title to land under this hill, I should be quite
willing to go their bail for good behavior after-
wards.
I believe, Mr. President, that I have noticed ail
the objections urged by the honorable Senatois
from Kentucky and Mississippi against my amend-
ment. And 1 hope J may be pardoned for the
opinion, that these objections are founded more
in a deep feeling of prejudice against foreigners
generally, than upon any very profound princi-
ples of political economy It has not been my
purpose, at this time, to disciibs the general policy
of this great measur*. But I will take this occa-
sion to say, that while ! consider the bill lmper-
fectin many respects, I shall, nevertheless, vote for
it with a hearty t*ood will, whether my amendment
shall prevail or not. Could my will prevail, I
would extend its provisions to all who are aide to
cultivate the soil, without distinction or restric-
tion on account of color, nation, or condition; but
1 would, as far as possible, make our national
legislation on this subject, conform to the benev-
olence of God, who is no respecter of persons.
Mr. President, I believe the time has fully come
when the public domain should cense to be con-
sidered a source of revenue; when a prudent re-
gard for the condition of our people, and of our
institutions in future time, should admonish us to
withdraw the public lands fiom the grasp of spec-
ulators and monopolists. This must be done, or
the next generation will witness nothing but the
odious and ami-republican citizenship of landlord
and tenant, existing in all the central portions of
the Republic, as it now exists in Ireland. Rather
than this, I would seethe whole of our wild land
sunk by an earthquake. And this, or some kin-
dred measure, I repaid as absolutely necessary to
avert the threatened danger. I therefore sin-
cerely hope that the bill may speedily become a
law.
But, Mr. President, since the Senators from
Kentucky and Mississippi so strenuously opposed
myamendment, they have both, I believe, voted
for the bill organizing the Territories of Kanzas
and Nebraska, with a provision which admits
unnaturalized foreigners to vote m the Territorial
Legislature, on all questions, however important.
After this, niay I not hope that the honorable
Senators wiil be as hbeial in awarding to such
foreigners, a pecuniary as well as a political equal-
ity with others. For surely it seems to me ab-
surd to give them the same political rights, and,
at the same time, withhold from them the like
participation in the public domain.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator intend to make
a speech? i desire to present an amendment.
Mr. BUTLER. There is an amendmentpend-
ing.
Mr. CHASE. The amendment will not be in
order. The Senator, however, might present it
and have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Does the Senator desire to present
an amendment to the amendment which is pend-
ing ?
Mr. DIXON. I desire to make an amendment
to the sixth section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will not
now be in order; but it can be read for informa-
tion.
The amendment was read. It is to strike out
of the sixth section the word "individual " and
insert " every white person," and at the end of
the section add:
Provided, Th.tl the benefits of tins act shall not extend to
the childten, heir-?, or devices of aliens, born out of the
United States, and not entitled to citizenship.
Mr. DIXON. I do not desire to interrupt the
Senator from Mississippi, i have desired the
amendment to be read; and, at the proper time, I
shall offer it,
Mr. BROWN said: Mr, President, a day or
two since 1 laid upon your table a substitute for
the bill now under consideration. It is my pur-
pose, at this time, to offer some remarks on the
general features of the bill, and to explain the pro-
visions of that substitute. With the immediate
question before the Senate—the amendment offered
by the Senator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Chase]—1 shall
not deal at this moment. The substitute is not
formally before the body, but I choose to intro-
duce it into the discussion at this time, because at
a later period of the debate I may have no favor-
able opportunity of doing so. It proposes es-
sential changes in the original bill. Senators have
had an opportunity of reading it; but as I want
them to study it, I read it again. It is as follows:
tl Jte if enacted by the Senate mid House of Tlcpi acuta
tivesofthe United Stales of Omenta iti Contra* ai^emb'ed,
Tli.it the laws now in force granting preemption to actual
settlers, on ihe public land}?, shall continue until otherwise
ordeied hy Uo i>re*:><. and thai the same be extended to all
the Terntoues ot the United Stales.
Snc: 52. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the p.i-«agc of this act, the rights of preomptors s-hall con-
tinue tor ion years ; that i*. to fay, per^oni acquiring the
right of preem[itn)ii >hall retain the Mine without dnuub-
ance, and without pa> tnent of any lund to the United States,
tor a {H'rind oi'ten vears, but on these condition* : First.
The preemptoi shall not .-ell, alienate, or dispose of Ins or
iiet ri«ht lor a consideration ; and if h j or she volmitanly
ahnndon one preemption and claim another, nought Mi.UI he
nc<|imed bv such claiin until the claimant r-hall Iir-4 have tes-
tified, under oath, before the rcgifter ot the land office when
the claim h preferred, that he or she has voluntarily aban-
doned hi«! or her onginal pieemption and that no eonndeia
lion, rewaid, m payment ofany kind, ha* been received,or
is expected, dirt'cily or mdirecily, as an inducement for such
abandonment; ;ind any person who shall testify fal«ely m
Mich c.ise shall be deemed guilty of peijury. Second. Any
per-on claiming ;md holding ihe right of preemption to
lands under tin* act, may be required by the State within
which the same he*, to pay t-ixfs thereon, in the same
manner, and to the same extent, if he or s-he owned the
land in feenmple; and m ca-e Mich lands are sole! tor
ia\es, ihe pmchnser shall acquire the right of preemption
only Third Absence of the prppinptor and his family
for mx consecutive months shall be deemed an abandon-
ment, and the land Mull, in .such ease, revert to the United
State?, and be subject to the bame deposition as other
public lands.
" . 3 Jlnd he il fat thercnaded, That no lands entered
upon, and held under the provisions of this act, or the im
provomenis thereon, shall over be sold under anv pidgment
or decree tor any debt or oilier liability or penally to the
United Siiiies; nor t-hall any sale of the same for debt,
othei liability or penalty (other than taxes) under ihe au-
thority o| any State, or the courts thereof, entitle the pur-
chaser to any right to disturb the possession of the pre-
empior by purchase from the Government; nor shajl it be
lawful to n-sue a patent for any such land to any such pur-
chaser.
"Sec. 4. J}ndbe it further enacted, That the preemptor
may at any lime, at his or her discretion, enter the lands
preempted by p;ijmg therefor, to the proper officer ot the
United States, the minimum price of said land.
" Skc. 5. %/ind be it further cnueted, That tn ca«e of the
preemptor'tf death, if a married man, his right shall survive
to his widow and infant children, but the right*of theolder
children .shall cease as they respectively come of age, or
when tliey shall reach the age of twenly one years. " And
in ca^e of the death of both father and mother, leaving an
infant child or children, ihe executor, administrator, or
guardian, shall, upon submitting satisfactory proof of that
fact t<> the register and iceeiver of the proper land office,
he entitled to a patent for the lands so preempted for the
benefit of aaid infant child or children, on the pajmentof
ten cents per acre, and may thereafter sell said lands, or
otherwise dispose of thein for the benefit of the infant child
or children aforesaid ; and when the father and mother
both die, leaving no infant child or children, the right yf
occupancy may be sold for the benefit of the estate
Sec. 6. Jind be it fuither ennct'd, That the minimum
price of the public lands of the United States shall remain
unchanged until the commencement of the fiscal y«a>, be-
ginning July 1, 1855 ; but after that period the prjee shall be
reduceo.ii) favor of actual settlers, according tothefollow-
mg scale : All lands which shall have been offered at public
sale, and remaining unsold five years, shall be reduced to
the price of one dollar per acre; all lands which shall have
been offered at public sale, and remaining uru-old ten years,
shall be reduced to seventy five cents an acre; and all
lands winch shall have I een offered at public sale, and re-
maining unsold fifteen yems, shall be sold at fifty cents an
acre; and all lands which shall have been offered at public
sale, and remaining unsold twenty years, shall thereafter be
reduced to a price of twenty five cents an acre.
'* Sec. 7. be it further encuttd, That no individual
! shall be |>crtnmed to enter more than one-half section under
t the provisions of this act; and that the Commissioner of
the General Land Office is hereby required to prepaie and
ibsue such rules and regulations, consistent with this act,
as shall be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into
effect."
This, Mr. President, is the substitute which I
propose for the homestead bill as it passed the
House of Representatives, and as it stands before
us to-day.
The homestead bill, as it passed the House,
does not meet my entire approbation. My mind
has never sanctioned the policy of giving away
the public lands to individuals; and yet, paradox-
ical as it may seem, I have always been in favor
of securing to every family a home on the public
lands.
1 doubt the policy of passing the homestead
bill as it came from the House for another, and,
to my mind, very sufficient reason. It seems to
me impossible that the President can, with any
show of consistency, fail to veto it, after what he
has said on the bill for the benefit of the indigent
insane. And, while I would not ask Senators to
shape their course so as to meet the views of the
Executive against their own convictions, I may
be allowed to say that, if the object be to provide
homes for the homeless, and that object can be
as effectually accomplished without running the
hazards of an Executive veto as with it, it is best
to do so.
I will first discuss succinctly some points of ob-
jection to the bill from the House,and then briefly
explain the provisions of the substitute proposed
by myself—a substitute which, I think, will effect
all the good purposes of the bill, avoid all its ob-
jectionable features, and effectually escape the
constitutional arguments of the President, f am
not disposed to embarrass the President; and if
we can avoid his objections, and accomplish the
results aimed at by the friends of the bill, obvi-
ously it is our duty to do so.
I am opposed to giving the public lands to
individuals—
Fust, because they belong to all the people, and
1 do not think you ought to take from the whole
to give to a part;
Second, because that which is obtained without
price is too often parted from without considera-
tion. 44 Come easy, go easy," is a maxim no less
homely than true; and
Thud, if you give the lands without price, they
will not only be alienated without consideration,
but will often fall into the hands of speculators
and sharpers, and thus become conduits for con-
veying the products of honest toil into the pockets
of the cunning and crafty.
I am in favor of securing to every family a home
on the public lands—
Fust, because thousands of the houseless and
homeless will thus be taken from the consuming,
and placed in the producing classes; thereby re-
lieving society from a heavy burden, and, at the
same time, elevating the lowly and oppressed to a
position of comparative dignity and independ-
ence;
Second, because it will relieve our cities and
towns and densely populated rural districts of a
population which is a burden and a tax, and
convert that population into thrifty husbandmen;
Third, because it is better to employ productive
industry on the public lands than to give them up
to savages and wild beasts; and
Lastly, because, under proper regulations, the
occupancy of these lands cannot fail to prove
beneficial to the Treasury and to the people.
To my mind there is a wide difference between
giving lands to the States and giving them to in-
