1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
151
country, by its enterprise, was peopling the val-
leysot the s;reat West, am! dotting,with townsnnd
cities, tlie Chores of the Pacific, it was yd equal
to such a moral display in the remote East. I
look upon the rescue of Koszta, in all its circum-
stances, and m a!l us consequences, at home and
to dillei fiom one's fi it?riu5>, and the moi e unple^s- i
antas theotcasion rises in dignity and impoitance. 1
Nobody lias a higher admiration for the abdny of 1
the present distinguished Secretary of State than 1
have. 1 am proud to call him my fiietui. i admire
ins ability, an ability exhibited on no occasion
abroad, as vindicating;, in the strongest and most 'I with more signal success than upon the occasion of
unmistakable manner, the great principle of our J Martin Kozstd's seizure; but there are points in
his letter with which 1 cannot agree. When this
country shall undertake to interpolate the Inw of
nations with new principles ana a new creed, it
nationality.
Mr. DISNEY. When this resolution was be-
fore the House the other day, the gentleman from
Geoi2;ia[Mr. Hillyek] remarked that the world
would not only nonce the passage of this resolu-
tion, but would alsu examine the observations
winch had been made, and the opinions which
might be expressed, when the resolution was under
consideration. There is truth in the remark. And
had it not bf-en that du  in? this discussion some
opinions have been advanced from which 1 must
totally dissent, 1 should not have participated in
the debate.
So far as the resolution itself is concerned, I feel
that after the exceedingly able, clear, and lucid de-
fense which the gentleman from Louisiana [Mr.
Perki.vs] has just made, any additional remarks
of mine 111 that regard may peihups be said to be
entirely uncalled for. That gentleman has placed
the resolution and its phraseology, and the rea-
sons which operated on the committee to adopt
that phraseology, upon grounds unmistakable,
and, in my judgment, not to be questioned.
I believe that.it is conceded, on all hands, that
the thanks of Congress are justly due to Captain
Insraham for ins gallant action; and the only
difference of opinion, so far as 1 understand it, is
in regard to the reasons upon which that actshould
be based. 1 believe that every gentleman is pre- }
pared to go to the extent to which the resolution
goes; and allow me here to say, that 1 see no sub 1
stjntial difference between the resolution, as it ,
now reads, and the substitute su i;ested by the ,j
gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips.] ■:
What is the resolution as it now stands before j
the House? It proposes a vote of thanks to Cap- -
tain Ingraham, for his judicious and gallant con-
duct in extending the protection of the American ,j
flag to Martin Koszta, under the facls, and under i
ail the facts of the case, without any limitation.
It is true, that the facts themselves are not spe- '
cially set forth in the resolution; nor would usa^e
or good taste permit a thing of «be sort. But by ,
necessary and unavoidable implication, the lesolu- ,
uon proposes to give a vote ot thanks to Captain ,
Ingraham for extending the protection ot the
American flag under the tacts. Nay moie, sir, .
the resolution goes further, for it declines that the ,
seizure of Martin Koszta was illegal. What more
can gentlemen ask than a resolution which declares
that'Captam Ingraham is entitled to the thanks of
the American Congress for his judicious and gal-
lant conduct in extending the protection of the
American flag to Martin Ivoszta, who has been
seized in violation of his rights, and m view of his
relations to the American Government1 Does not
that cover the whole case? I ask the question, is
there any substantial difference in idea or piin-
cinle between the resolution as it stands, and the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from Ala-
^Mr! PHILLIPS. I think th-re is. The reso-
lution reported by the committee nowhere asserts
the right of Martin Koszta to protection. Ihe
seizure might be illegal in reference to other Gov-
ernments as well as to our own. It is the right
fatigue the House by reading the authorities now
lying before me. Permit me to state, hc \ve\er,
m genetal terms, that the essence of the whole
law can be found in Kent. The case of the Venus
illustrates it. The authorities are clear and dis-
tinct. It is, perhaps, right and fair to say, that in
! all of these cases the American writers, as well as
i the Ameucan courts, have copied and fully in-
: dorsed the principles laid down by Sir William
j Scott.
| In reference to the intimations which have been
: made, that this right of protection should extend
, to citizens and persons who have declared their
1 intentions to become citizens, 1 would repeat what
I has been said by the gentleman from Louisiana,
1 that the decision of the question of Martin Kosz-
1 ta's light to protection as an inchoate citizen has
I not been contemplated by the Secretary's letter.
1 The essential point of it, m that respect, was that
! Martin Koszta intended to acquire a permanent
i residence in this country; and this was evidence
of his good faith, and his intent to acquire rights
will be time for us to consider the policy of so
doing.
Ithas been remarked, as well in the Koszta
letter as upon this floor, that the Secretary of
State set forth on that occasion 110 new doctrine;
that he only refened to principles known to the
law of nations. To this 1 must give my dissent.
I do not so read it. For the purpose of commerce,
the laws of nations have recognized the fact that
an individual may acquire a domicile m a country
alien to the one of his oiigin. They have leoog-, w . ....
mzed that, for coitimciiial purposes, he may be j! of domiciliation. But what is the position of an
clothed with the nationality of a country alien to
the one to which he owes his allegiance; and the
error of the Secretary consists in this: that while
lie iinds the language which he uses running
through the books upon the subject, yet he has
omitted to notice and recognize the distinction of
which 1 have spoken, that the nationality which
is given by domicile is conleired foi commercial
puiposes; and that this distinction is palpably and
unmistakably laid down in the very authouties
winch the Secretin y himself cites; and that in this
nationality the individual inutst be limited to such
acts as are not incompatible with his alle+titnr''.
Clothed with the nationality foi cnnmercUd pur-
poses! The distinction, sir, is an impottant one.
In a state of war between two countries, in order
10 define the rights ot respective parties, comts ■ j
have ttied, with excvtdmg nicety, the relations,,
existing with parties under ceitam circumstances; j.
and it has been held, that when an individual ac- 1
quires a domicile in a countiy alien to the country ;
to which he owes his allegiance, he does so for ij
commercial purposes; hut that such nationality ,]
does not alfrct his allegiance. !j
If has been held, sir, by the English and .j
i French, as well as by the American courts, tlnd
] as the pioperty of a country constitutes a part of \
! us strength, so the legitimate right of a country
I in time of war is to weaken its enemy by the de- j'
| stiuction and capture of Us piopeity; and they i
1 have held that in the execution of this right it is ,
! not to be permitted to an iminiduul, under cover
1 of nationality, to protect the pmp<_rty which is the
! product of the hosule «oii. So m the <ase of a
1 subject of Great Britain domiciliated in the city of I,
■ New Yoik, and still letaimng his allegiance, ,
j! nevei having abjured it to the crown of Gieat j
j| Britain, but still professing and acknowledging it. !!
j When, under these conditions, his propeity is
lr destroyed, m a .state of war between the two .
;j countries, that propeity—even though it is owned
j 1 by a British subject, if domiciliated within the
" limits of the United States of America—is to be
!' considered as American property, and as a just ;
11 object of legal ]>i v/t and capture. Because, though !
■ j his allegiance was due to the British crown, and ;
! he was, in every respect, a British subject, yethis j
'! domiciliation clothed htm with the Ameucan na- |
;i tionaiity for commercial puiposes, and his prop- j
erty was therefore American pioperty. j
More, sir; the courts have gone further; they
of KosnVto protection that is the proper founda*; have held that even wheie there are two partes
ot IVoszia 10 pri lcia i 1 Ju copoitnership, who holda joint adventure, one
tion of the whole proceeding;
Mr. DISNEY. The right to ask protection,
and the duty to grant It, are corielative and coex-
istent. That resolution asserts that Captain Ingra-
ham did right in extending the protection of the
Ameiican flag to Martin Koszta; and, by neces-
nnd whose avowal is asked tor by the
from Alabama. 1 1
But, sir, as I have already said, the very able
elucidation and defense of the resolution, by the
gentleman from Louisiana, has rendered it entirely
unnecessary for me to interpose any additional
observations upon these points. But remains
have been elicited during this discussion, and opin-
ions have been enunciated, from which I am com-
pelled to dissent, it is at all times unpleasant i
of them having domiciliated m the country of one
belligerent, and the other being a resident of the
country of the other belligerent, but without having
abjured his allegiance, the courts will proceed to
inquire into the domiciliation of the pai ties, and
make a partition, though both be subjects of the
individual who has merely declared his intention
to become a citizen of the United States' By the
terms of the naturalization laws, you recognize
the fact that these persons, so declaring their inten-
tions, owe allegiance to the countryof their origin.
By its terms, before yon recognize them as citi-
zens of these United States, you require them to
make an expiess abjuration of their allegiance to
the country of their birth. You require, in addi-
tion, that they shall take upon themselves an as-
sumption of allegiance to this country. Neither
of these things have been done upon the part of a
man who has merely declared lus intention to do
them at some future day—not now, but ill the
future—that he would swear and assume that
allegiance to you. Upon a mere declaration of an
intention in the future to do these things, are you
to take the things as though alieady done, and
theieby create all those legal obligations between
the parties which clothe them with the relativs
duties of protection and dependence' No, sir.
The Secretary of State too well understood the
case to lay down any such doctrine. He merely
alluded to the fact, that Martin Koszta had made
a declaration of intention, in order to show that
his domicile was here, and that his residence
among us was made bone fide, and with an inten-
tion so to remain within our community as to ac-
quire that nationality of character which domicilia-
tion gives. This point was well understood and
stated to the House by the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [ Mr. Smith.]
The Hecretaiy makes a point on the nationality
which domiciliation give.*. Why, sir, the whole
Course and policy of our Government would 'nave
to be changed if this doctiine were avowed and
I sanctioned "by the American Congress. Your
I usuage now is, to refuse a passport, unless the fact
of citizenship is established to the satisfaction of
.the authorities of the Government. Yon do not
\ undertake to give passports of protection to any-
body but those who are citizens. You never have,
! and, m my judgment, you never will. The policy
of this Government has been settled and uniform.
1 While I appreciate all that glowing loyalty which
, prompts gentlemen to extend the protection of the
Government, even before they becomecitizens, to
those who come to this country from foreign lands,
and while, as all who know me well understand,
my feeling toward the emigrant is as broad and
generous as those of any gentleman upon this
floor, or elsewhere, still a regard to the future of
this countiy—a future which every statesman
will endeavor to look to, and jealously guard—
will not permit me to yield to those feelings when
they propose to lead me into theimpracticaoleand
the indefensible.
You have, sir, upon the statute-book, a law
which recognises the very principle ot whicn I am
speaking. You have a law there whicn declares
that any man who, owing ollfgiaiice to this Gov-
ernment, shall be found m aims, and doing vio-
1 " to her citizens, though under color
of i
cial purposes; M> strictly has it been held that 0r"0f authority,'and the direction of
domiciliation clothes with nationality for commer- ■ commission, or oi auuuni y ,   
cial purposes. And this principle i-j acted on in
all cases; and, as 1 have said already, is laid down
as authority by the very writers cued by the Sec-
retary of Slate himself. _ :
I am not desirous to weary the House by going j
into the multitude of cases to be found in the books ,
of England, and Krance, and this country, nor to 1
a foreign prince, shall he deemed and treated as a
prate." That act shows the rale which you have
adopted in refeience to the conduct of your own
citizens; and can you adopt a Uij.ereijt nne m le-
o-ard to the citizens of other Powers? By that act
vou avow the doctrine that a men owes allegiance
to his Government, and can do no act ineompat-
