1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
861
The hammer fell when Mr. S. was in the midst
of his argument to prove that all American sla-
very is unconstitutional.
[Mr. S. retains for revision the report of his
speech.]
Mr. CARUTHERS obtained the floor.
Mr. MILLER. Will my colleague yield me the
floor for the purpose of making a motion that the
committee rise?
Mr. CARUTHERS. I will yield the floor for
that purpose.
Mr. MILLER. I then move that the commit-
tee rise.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose, and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, the Chairman reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had had under consideration the Union
generally, and particularly the civil and diplomatic
bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. BISSELL. There are several bills from
the Senate upon the Speaker's table, which it
would be well, perhaps, to dispose of now, as it
will take but a few minutes.
Mr. COX. I move that the House adjourn.
The question was then taken, and the motion
was agreed to.
The House thereupon, at five minutes past three
o'clock, p.m., adjourned until to-morrow at twelve
o'clock, m.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 7, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. William H. Milburn.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform the
Senator that this is private bill day.
Mr. MORTON. Exactly. That is the point
to which I intend to speak. I presume it is the
intention of the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations to move to go into Executive
session; but there is one private bill which I think
will elicit no discussion, in which a constituent of
mine is deeply interested. It is very important
to him that the bill should pass through Congress
as soon as possible. It is the bill for the relief of
Manuel Hernandez. I will state to the Senate
that if the bill should be taken up, and should
elicit the least discussion, I shall be perfectly will-
ing that it may be passed over.
Several Senators. This is objection day.
The PRESIDENT. The Chair will inform
the Senator that, under the rule, no bill can be
discussed to-day, but with unanimous consent.
Mr. MORTON. I ask for the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider that bill.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say to the Senator
that I suppose the Senate will concur in proceed-
ing to the consideration of private bills to-day,
under the order; and the very fact that this is the
day on which bills cannot be discussed, will show
that by proceeding in order we can pass probably
three fourths of the bills on the Calendar, and the
Senator's bill with them.
Mr. MORTON. 1 have no objection to that
course being pursued, but I understood the Sen-
ator from Virginia [Mr. Mason] would move for
an Ekecutive session.
Mr. STUART. I hope not.
Mr. MASON. I understand if I move for an
Executive session, any single objection will pre-
vent it. Am I right in that construction of the
rule ■ ....
The PRESIDENT. Yes, sir; that is the con-
struction which the Chair gives to the rule.
Mr. MASON. Then, sir, I will say that if
there can be a common understanding that at one
o'clock I may beallowed to move for an Executive
session, I will not make the motion at an earlier
moment. The Senate are aware that I think it
necessary that the Senate should proceed^ to the
consideration of public matters in Executive ses-
sion; yet, if such an understanding can be arrived
at, 1 will not make that motion until one o clock.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not wish to be under-
stood as compromitted at all by any agreement of
that sort. I think we can dispose of a great many
bills on the Calendar, for this is objection day;
but if we shall not have reached some bills in
which I am interested by one o'clock, 1 shall not
feel at liberty to assent to the course suggested by
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. MASON. I consider it my duty to move
for an Executive session although it will super-
sede private business. I therefore move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of Executive
business.
Mr. PEARCE. I am not certain that I should
object to the motion of the Senator from Virginia
if 1 did not think it desirable, for reasons which I
cannot now state, that the Senate should not pro-
ceed to the consideration of Executive business.
I believe the public interests would be advanced by
our proceeding with the private business to-day,
leaving Executive business for to-morrow. The
Senator therefore, I hope, will not think I am per-
sonal and discourteous if I object to proceeding to
the consideration of Executive business to-day.
" Mr. MASON. Does the Senator object?
Mr. PEARCE. I do.
The PRESIDENT. Then the Senate must
proceed to the consideration of the private bills
upon the Calendar.
JOHN G. MACKALL.
The first bill on the Calendar was one reported
from the Committee on Claims, for the relief of
the legal representatives of John G. Mackall, de-
ceased.
Mr. STUART. Is not that one of the bills
which involves the question which was discussed
the other day by the Senators from Maryland and
Delaware?
The PRESIDENT. It is one of the same class
of bills.
Mr. STUART. I think it had better be looked
into.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will be passed
over.
WILLIAM G. RIDGELY.
The PRESIDENT. The next bill on the Cal-
endar is one for the relief of William G. Ridgely.
It is one of the same class referred to by the Sen-
ator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. Let it be passed over.
The PRESIDENT. The bill will go over.
DAVID MYERLE.
The next bill was.one, reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, for the relief of David
Myerle.
Mr. STUART. That is a controverted bill;
let it go over.
MOORE AND HASCALL'S PATENT.
The next bill was one, reported from the Com-
mittee on Patents and the Patent Office, for the
relief of Hiram Moore and John Hascall.
Mr. STUART. That is objected to by others,
not by me.
The PRESIDENT. It will be passed over.
JOHN BRONSON.
The next bill was one for the relief of John
Bronson, which had been reported from the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. EVANS. I should like to know why this
claim has never been presented heretofore ? It is
always suspicious when a claim has stood for forty
years.
The PRESIDENT. There is a report in the
case. Does the Senator desire to hear it read?
Mr. EVANS. Yes, sir.
The report of the Committee on Claims was
accordingly read.
Mr. SL1DELL. I think this is the bill which
the Senator from Delaware discussed at some
length the other day. 1 see now that he is in his
place, and I wish to call his attention to it.
The PRESIDENT. If there be objection, the
bill must be passed over.
Mr. CASS. I think there can be no objection.
I have known the case for thirty-five years. It
comes clearly within the rules which we have
applied under similar circumstances; and I think
no gentleman who examines it will object to it.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
reported the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I have a few words to say
upon it. ,
Tlie PRESIDENT. It is objected to; so the
bill must go over.
THOMAS BUTLER.
The bill for the relief of Thomas Butler, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce, was
read a second time, and eonsidei-ed as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to Thomas Butler, of the city of New York, the
sum of $2,922, being the cost of extra work per-
formed, and materials furnished, in the construct
tion of a light-house on Execution Rocks, in Long
Island sound, by order of the engineer in charge,
and not within the terms of a contract executed
by Butler for the construction of that light-house.
On the 4th day of August, 1847, a contract was
executed between Cornelius W. Lawrence, super-
intendent of light-houses, &c., in behalf the Uni-
ted States,and Thomas Butler, for the construction
by Butler of a light-house on Execution Rocks,
in Long Island sound. Amongothefthings.it was
provided by the terms of the contract, that the
work should be done under the superintendence
and direction of an engineer, to be appointed by
Lawrence in behalf of the United States, and that
the largest and most suitable of the several rocks
composing the group called Execution Rocks,
should be selected for the site of the building.
The contract provided for the construction of the
foundation as follows: "The rock not being of
sufficient extent to receive the full size of the base
building, the deficiency is to be made up with con-
crete, or split granite, well bedded in hydraulic
cement." The working drawings, accompanying
the specification, also show that the foundation
was designed to be built of split stone. It appears
by the evidence accompanying the memorial of
Mr. Butler, that by the direction of the engineer
appointed by the superintendent of light-houses
to take charge of the work, hewn granite was sub-
stituted by the petitioner in the foundation for the
split granite mentioned in the contract. This is
distinctly proved by the testimony of William
Brainera.
The evidence presented establishes that the stone
was cut by the direction of the engineer employed
in behalf of the United States; that the cost of
cutting it was twenty-five cents per superficial foot;
and that the number of superficial feet cut was
nine thousand and five hundred, making the cost
of the extra work in cutting the stone, $2,375.
The petitioner claims payment for other items
of extra work, and for materials furnished not in-
cluded in the terms oT the contract, viz:
For one iron ring, 23 feet in diameter, 2§
inches round, and letting in, cost $160 00
One iron ring, 21 feet in diameter, lj
inches round, and letting in, cost.... 110 00
Four hundred pounds of copper dowels,
put in lower courses, at twenty-five
cents per pound   100 00
Drilling holes for the same in eight
courses of stone  122 00
Iron clamps in basement and over win-
dows  45 00
Total.
$547 00
It is clear that the petitioner was not required by
the contract to furnish these materials and work.
Besides other proof in support of the latter items
of charge, the engineer who had the superintend-
ence of the work during the latter portion of the
time when the light-house was being constructed,
certifies to the correctness of the charges for the
extra work and materials, and states that they
were of the utmost importance to the strength and
safety of the light-house.
The petitioner has given reasons satisfactory to
the committee why these charges were not pre-
sented in season to be paid out of the appropri-
ation for the light-house. Mr. Norris, the engineer
who originally had charge of the work, left for
California, in December, 1848, after the founda-
tions were laid, and the extra work charged for
was performed, so that the petitioner could not
obtain the necessary report or certificate from the
engineer to enable him to obtain the allowance of
his charges at the Treasury.
Mr. Butler also claims $2,000 for damages for
delay of the work for nine months, on account of
the site for the light-house not having been fixed
by the United States; and the further sum of $588
charged to him by the accounting officers of the
Treasury, and deducted from the amount payable
by contract for extra time of the engineer em-
ployed to superintend the work. He has not
presented satisfactory evidence in support of the
