152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
lble with thatallegiance;and if he does, he thereby !
compromits his own safety, and is a traitor to the j
country to which his allegiance is due. There j
must be an express abjuration of his original alle- 1
giance, and a formal assumption of another, before
the authority of that other can be held as a just-
ification for his obedience to it in opposition to
the allegiance of his origin. Nay, more, it may
be well for gentlemen before they enunciate an
opinion upon this subject, to examine with some
care what ground our country has taken upon
these subjects heretofore. It is quite a common
event for American citizens to domiciliate them-
selves in England, in France, and in other countries,
in order to carry on their commercial transactions
there.
Is it to be said, as it necessarily must be by
the doctrine of the Secretary, that the American
merchant who crosses the ocean and locates him-
self in Great Britain for commercial purposes,
with the bonajide intention of acquiring a domicile,
but with the equally bona fide intention to retain
his rights as an American citizen, becomes entitled
to the protection of the British Government, and,
as a matter of necessity, subjects himself to the
correlative duties of a British subject, and thereby
of necessity loses his right as a citizen of this Re-
public? And yet such must be the result of the
doctrine which I combat. I repeat, that the right
of protection, and the duty which the individual
owes the Government, are correlative, and are co-
existent; and where there is no allegiance, there is
no right or duty of protection. The whole diffi-
culty in this case has arisen from confounding
commercial relations with the right and duty of
an individual, as a subject; and I use the word
6i subject," not in contra-distinction to the term
which we use in this country—that of " citizen "
—but to designate the relations between the gov-
erned and the Government. I am inquiring into
the relations of the individual under the Govern-
ment, without regard to a foreign Government.
The right and duty of an individual tinder a Gov-
ernment, viewed in his political relations to that
Government, and the rights of that individual to-
ward that Government, in his commercial trans-
actions, in regard to the property of the country
in which he is a resident, are different and sep-
arate thinsfs.
Mr. PHILLIPS, The gentleman from Ohio
states a proposition accurate in itself; that is, that
allegiance and protection are correlative. I would
then ask him, whether that protection is not due
to the individual who establishes his home among
us, though the full term of five years may not have
expired, which admits him to the right of full cit-
izenship ?
Mr. DISNEY. I am glad that the gentleman
from Alabama has asked this question, and called
my attention precisely to this point. There are
two sorts of allegiance. The books of this country
and Europe recognize them with entire distinct-
ness. The temporary allegiance growing out of
a domicile, and connected with the commercial
transactions of the country, and the permanent
allegiance growing out of the duties of the citizen
in the abstract, without regard to his commercial
relations and connection with the property of the
country. Permanent allegiance imposes upon an
individual the obligation to support, defend, and
obey theGovernment, whether at home or abroad;
temporary allegiance imposes upon the individual
the necessity of obeying the laws of the country,
while he is within the jurisdiction of the country
within which he is residing, within which he is
domiciliated, provided they are not incompatible
with the obligations he owes to the country to
which his permanent allegiance is due. This is a
distinction which the Secretary of State has over-
looked. It is an important one, vast and mighty
in its consequences.
Take the case of Koszta to illustrate this: while
he remained within the limits of the Republic,
with an intention to remain permanently here, he
owed temporary allegiance to the Government, j
and was entitled to protection within its jurhdic- i
tion. But if he had left these shores without the j
intention of returning, no sooner had he quitted !
the dock at New York, than he would have been j
divested from all his obligations of temporary alle- (
giance to this Government, and this Government1
would have been relieved from all obligations in ,
respect to his protection. They were under obh- i
gations to protect him in his property and in his j
relations to his property, but not to protect the
individual outside of the jurisdiction of the country
on account of any claim which he may have
acquired in his relations to the institutions of the
country during his residence here.
But, sir, before we can decide whether Martin
Koszta was entitled to any privileges even of dom-
iciliation, we must first inquire into the intention
of the party in leaving our shores—whether it
was for temporary purposes merely. In the case
of Koszta, he left, as we understand, with the in-
tention of returning to this country. What, then,
was the[posi tion he occupied ? To that question, my
reply is, that he occupied precisely the position of
a British subject residing—domiciliated—as a mer-
chant in New York, who leaves the country and
takes a voyage to France to accomplish certain
purposes connected with his business. Now, sir,
while he is there in the heart of France, he is an
American merchant, but a British subject—with a
temporary allegiance to the United States, but a
permanent allegiance to Great Britain. Martin
Koszta, in commercial matters, would have been
as an American merchant who was temporarily
in Smyrna; but though occupying such relations,
he might have been an Austrian subject beside.
Such is the doctrine of the law. It was the right
and duty of the United States to protect his prop-
el ty as an American merchant; but as soon as he
left our shores he was absolved from all allegiance
to this Government, and the Government at the
same time was absolved from obligations to pro-
tect him while he remained without the jurisdic-
tion of the country. As an individual, Koszta
owed no allegiance to the American Government;
and, as I before observed, the American Gov-
ernment were then relieved from the correlative
duty of affording him its protection. He stood
in the attitude of an American citizen, so far as
property was concerned; and as such, the Ameri-
can Government were placed under obligations to
protect him in his property. His right to such
protection would have been recognized m any of
the courts of Europe, or m any courts of our
own.
But, sir, it is not my intention to detain the
House with the multitudinous cases which might
be produced in illustration of this rule; I only de-
sire to add, in this connection, that, in my judg-
ment, the Secretary of State is entirely mistaken
in supposing that, in asserting the right of this
Government to extend its protection over Martin
Koszta, on the ground of his domiciliation in the
United States, he is uttering no new doctrine in
regard to the law of nations.
Mr. MACDONALD, (interrupting.) I desire to
inquire if the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has expired.
Mr. MACDONALD. I move, then, that the
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
table.
[Loud cries of " No 1" "No!" " Go on with
your speech !"]
The question was taken, and the House re-
fused to proceed with the business on the Speak-
er's table.
Mr. DISNEY, (resuming.) Sir, I shall not
detain the House much longer. But there is
another point in the defense of the Secretary of
State to which, I confess, I do not attach much
importance;—I allude to the point where he refers
to the fact of the extradition of Koszta, with the
consent of the Austrian Government, and that,
under the laws of Austria, a subject of that Em-
pire, under certain circumstances, foifeitshis rights
as such. I confess that I am not able to see the
force of that position. As I understand the law
in such cases, a criminal who forfeits his rights of
citizenship does not thereby necessarily divest
himself of the duties devolving on him as a mat-
ter of allegiance to his Government. A citizen of
one of these States, who, by the commission of
crime, is divested of the rights of citizenship, does
not thereby render himself incapable of commit-
ting high treason against the Government. But
I will not trespass on the time of the House by
amplifying upon this point. Gentlemen can them-
selves trace the suggestions to their neccssary re-
sults, and conceive the illustration of the point I
present.
With regard to the policy of adopting the doc-
trine that an individual coming here without any
assumption of allegiance creates a duty upon the
part of this Government to extend to him its pro-
tection, the idea is utterly absurd; and if this
Government attempts to defend such a position,it
will erelong be compelled to retract and ie trace
its steps. Our Government is but one among a
community of nations.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
dislike to interrupt the gentleman from Ohio; but
I ask him if Secretary Marcy does not distinctly
state that the right of Koszta to protection was
an imperfect right, and that the obligation on the
part of this Government to protect him was also
imperfect, to be exercised or not, according to the
discretion of theGovernment?
Mr. DISNEY. I am unwilling to trespass on
the time of the House to go fully into that question.
I have authorities before me; I could refer to them
without number; I could cite them by the hour*
But i have even avoided reading the paper of the
Secretary, that I might shorten the time during
which I should trespass on the attention of the
House. Were I to go fully into these matters, I
could show still more conclusively than I have
done the authority of the position I have taken.
The very authorities which the Secretary has con-
sulted, and whose language may be found in every
page of his document, have laid down the doctrine
for which I contend. Gentlemen can find them;
they areeasy of access. Theadmiralty reports of
England and the United States, and the Ameiican
law writers, all lay down the doctrine which I have
referred to. I repeat again, that the very authori-
ties cited by the Secretary of State lay down the
doctrine of which I have spoken, and the limita-
tions which he has entirely overlooked—that is,
that the nationality of which he speaks is acquired
for commercial purposes, and can impose no duty
incompatible with allegiance.
Sir, I have said enough to call the attention of
the House and the country to the doctrine,, I
have referred them to the reports and the books.
Another word on the point in which I was, when
interrupted by the gentleman from Virginia, and
I have done. This thing called the law of nations
is those rules which are to govern and control na-
tions in their international intercourse. This
country is now occupying a position among the
nations of the earth vastly more important than
what she has heretofore done. That position is
becoming more and more important. As the fu-
ture comes upon us, there is no American in this
country, having the feelings which belong to the
American heart, who does not view and contem-
plate that future with a just and exulting pride.
And proud as we are, and just in proportion as
we are proud of the glory, and the honor, and
the renown, and dignity,and the reputation of this
Republic, we will be chary of putting this country
in any position which may inflict hereafter a stain
upon that reputation and renown. I say. for this
Government, exalted as she is in character, and de-
veloped as she is in strength, to lay down doctrines
from which, in the futuie, she will be compelled
to recede, would be a stain upon that character;
and it is to avoid a position of that kind that I
have felt myself called upon to direct the attention
of the House and the country to the doctrines
which have heretofore been entertained, not only
by our own Government, but by every Govern-
ment in Europe, in this connection.
Sir, I will not detain the House longer by at-
tempting to persuade it. I have done all 1 in-
tended to do. I have shown the House and the
country in what, in my judgment, the error of the
^Secretary of State consists. The authorities show
the matter as I have stated it. It would be injuri-
ous to pass the resolution on the grounds advo-
cated in some quarters of the House. 1 concede
and admire the impregnable defense made by the
Secretary of State of the action of our Government
and its officers; but th e points which, in my opinion,
he has in that defense unnecessarily made, and
which, in my judgment are indefensible, and por-
tentious of evil m the future, I must, as a matter
of necessity, repudiate.
[During the delivery of Mr. Disney's remarks,
a message was received from the President of the
United States, by the hand of his Private Secre-
tary, Sidney Webster, Esq.]
Mr. McMULLIN obtained the floor.
Mr. PRESTON. It was my intention to have
interrogated the gentleman fiom Ohio in reference
to certain matters which weigh upon my mind,
before he yielded hia right, to the floor.
Mr. DISNEY. I should like to accommodate
