1720
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
Suppose a man to be settled on one hundred
and sixty acres of land worth at Government
price, §1 25 per ar.re, (that is the highest possible
price,) and that by his labor he has made it worth
five ©r ten dollars per acre, and suppose that man
to have the sole privilege of buying the land at
$1 25 per acre, what do you think he will do?
Will he leave the letter in the Government? Cer-
tainly not. And why ? Because, by paying
#200 he can make himself the owner in fee-sim-
ple of property worth from $800 to $1,600. So
long as the title remains in the Government, he
has nothing that he can fairly call his own. By
paying $200 he becomes the owner m fee of a
handsome little estate. This will he a powerful
stimulus, and thousands will buy under its in-
fluence, simply that they may own the property.
And then if we take into account that the prop-
erty may be bought at $200, and sold for five or
ten times that sum, we need no other argument to
show that it will be bought.
If the labor of the settler does not improve the
value of the land, then it is pretty clear that it
was worth nothing in the beginning, and that
Government has lost nothing by having it occu-
pied.
These are some of the advantages, briefly stated,
which, in my judgment, this system will bring to
the Government.
The advantages which will result to the settler
are these, (I speak of the substitute, not of the
bill:) If he makes an unfortunate location, he
may change it, and this he may do as often as he
chooses. The original bill gives him but one
chance. If he makes a bad location, he must
abide by it. Those who have been in at the
settling of new countries, know how liable new-
comers always are to be deceived, not only as to
the quality of the soil, but as to al! the advantages
resulting from a proper location, it cannot injure
Government lands for a citizen to live on them,
nor can they be damaged by his going olF them.
But the citizen may find, and often does find, a
great advantage in being allowed ro change fiom
one location to another. If he leaves the land
better than he found it, why slmi! he not be
allowed to leave it? And if his living on another
place only increases irs value, why not permit
him to live there? ft will be seen that if a settler
moves, he must do it as a voluntary act, and that
under no circumstances can he receive, directly or
indirectly,any consideration, payment,or reward
of any kind, for doing so. By this it is meant
simply to confine the settler to his original loca-
tion, unless, in his unbiased judgment, it is better
for him voluntai ily to abandon it and take another.
The fifth section of the substitute provides for
the disposition of the occupant's rights when he
dies, without having divested the Government
title. The section reads thus:
" vtfHif he it fnithet ctutr/ed, That in ease of the promp-
ter's death, it a manicd man, ins right Mull Mirvive u  liis
widow and infant children; hut the rights of the older
children shall cra^e <Vf they n>pcui\ely t ome of age, or
when they shall reach the age of twenty one >ears. And
in case of the death of hotli lather and mother, leaving an
infant child or children, the cxeuitor, administrator, or
guardian, «hall, upon MibnutUng *ati-iactory proo! of that
fact to the register and icceiver of the proper land office,
lie entitled to a patent tor ihe land so preempted for the
benefit of said intant child oi children, on the payment of
ten cents per acre, and tnav thereafter sell s-aul lutds. or
otherwise dispose of them, (or the bene lit of the infant child
or children aforesaid. And when the lather and mother
both die, leaving no infant ehildien, then the right ofoceu-
pancy may be sold for the bent'tit of the estate."
It may be asked why any charge is made for
lands claimed by orphan children as the only her-
itage from their deceased fathers and mothers. I
answer that the President has indicated to us that, I
in his judgment, we have no right to give away i
the public lands. We must, he thinks, have a I
consideration. Clearly we have a right to reduce j
the price of the lands, for we have reduced them I
time and time again, and no-living- man everques- '
tioned our authority to do so. We have the right J
to reduce in favor of particular classes, as States, '
railroads, and actual settlers. This is not ques- •
tioned. And if we may do this, surely we may [
reduce in favor of orphan children. Yielding to !
the views of the President, I have inserted this i
provision to meet his objections, and at the same i
time serve the interests of the poor and neglected
•orphans of destitute and forgotten parents. The
section before us continues the right of a deceased
husband ;and father to the witfow and infant chil-
dren, and for this reason, that the adult children, as
they come of age, will each for himself acquire the
same right that the lather had before him,and can
take land for himself. And as the care of the infant
children will necessarily devolve on the mother,
it is but simple justice that the homestead should
be secured to her and her infant children.
In providing that the fee shall pass to the infant
children, on the payment of a nominal sum,"when
the father and mother both die, 1 have had this m
view: thatmfant children cannot occupy the land,
and if it is not given to them at a nominal price,
the labor of their parents may be entirely lost. It
will often happen that they will have no means of j
buying, and when they have,guardians may think '
it best not thus to apply those means. The quan- .
tity of land that will bedisposed ofunderthis clause j
I will be comparatively trifling, and I know of no 1
i object to which it maybe applied with a greater ;
I certainty of its doing good.
! It will be seen that,in all cases where the father i
' and mother both die leaving no infant children,
[ it is provided that the right of occupancy may
' be sold for the benefit of the estate. The ob-
Ijectin doing this was twofold; first, to get clear
of ihe idea of keeping the land m the same family;
and secondly, to secure to the heirs or creditors of
deceased persons the benefits resulting from the
labor of such persons.
The sixth and last section establishes the sys-
tem of graduation m favor of actual settlers.
The scale is not such as I would have fixed if my
own judgment had alone been consulted. The
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has brought
in a graduation bill, and the scale adopted by me !
is taken from that bill. It is as follows: |
Sec. 6. Jind he it further enacted, That ihe minimum
! price of the public land* ol the United States .shall icmain .
I unchanged until ihe commencement of the fi-cal yeat he- ,
! ginning July 1, ltfno; but alter that period the price ^hall j
be reduced, in lavor ol actual heitlei*, ac< ordmg to ihe foi I
i lowing s-eale : All lands which shall have been offered at :
' public sale, and remaining unsold five yean, shall be le- J
| duced to the puce oi one dollar pei acre; all land> which
shall have been offered at public -ale, and remaimngunsold ■
ten years, shall be reduced to seventy five cents an acre ; -
ami all lauds which shall have been offered at public sale, ■
and remaining unsold fifteen years, '-hall be sold at fifty
cents an acre ; and all lands which >«hall have been offered >
at public sale, and remaining unsold twenty years, shall '
thereafter be reduced to a piice of twenty-five cents an :
acre." |
I would have commenced at a lower figure than |
one dollar, and descended below twenty-five cents. ,
It will be seen that the ten years' residence which i
the substitute allows, must in any case bring the :
lands down to seventy-five cents per acre; and if :
| they have been offered for sale ten years before ,
i the settler goes upon them, then these ten years' ■>
I residence, m addition, must of necessity, accord- |
i mgto this scale, bring them down to twenty-five ;
i cents per acre. j
It was my purpose to have discussed this pro-
vision at greater length; but 1 am growing weary,
and the Senate may be impatient. I dismiss the !
point with the single remark that a man who has ;
ten years to pay for one hundred and sixty artes
of land, at from twenty-five cents to seventy-five
cents per acre, and fails to do it, is of no^ccount, ,
and it is not worth while to help him, or try to
help him. j
Having briefly explained the provisions of the !
proposed substitute, I proceed to answer such ob- j
jections as have been urged against it. i
First, it is said this proposition will get ^p a
system of tenantry, and thus become exceedingly 1
prejudicial to the country. It will get up no such ,
system in the first place, and m the second place,
if it did, no injury could result from it. The oc-
cupants of the land pay no rent, and cannot be ,|
deprived of the right of occupancy by the Govern- ,!
ment, or any other power. He is not a tenant, in 1 ■'
the technical sense of that term, who pays no rent, !|
and is not subject to be removed by his landlord. \i
JNo one expects the settlers to pay rent; and if i j
they enter the lands under the sanction of law jj
they cannot be removed, even by a repeal of the ,1
law, and much less can they be removed while |i
the law remains in force. 1)
But if these people are tenants, whose tenants]1
are they? Not the tenants, certainly, of the ;j
President, or of Congress, or of any person, or |j
body of persons, in power or out of power. But !i
they are the tenants of the Government. ;[
The objections to a system of tenantry, as I !|
understand them, are chiefly these: first, that li
landlords may exact exorbitant rents, and thus
oppress theirtenants. This objection isanswered
by the simple statement, that in the case before us
no rents at all are to be demanded. The second
objection is, that the owners of the soil may acquire
an influence over the minds of their tenants in-
consistent with the full and faithful discharge of
their tenants' duties to their country. To this I
reply, that the country being the owner of the soil,
the greater influence it acquires over the minds of
its tenants, the more faithful will be the discharge
of their duties. So that the argument, instead of
being against the bill, is in its favor. J have not
seen the force of either of these objections.
It is next said that it will keep the lands out of
the market. This objection applies with less
foice to the substitute than to any other home-
stead proposition. When you retain the title in
the Government, it is certain that you will sell
the lands by-and-by. But if you give the lands
away, of course you lose all chance of ever selling1
them. 1 have already given it as my opinion
that you will sell more lands to actual settlers
under this than under the old system, it is but
an opinion, and can only be demonstrated by
actual experiment. It is certain, however, that the
proposed system will encourage settlements, and
experience has demonstrated that wherever you
induce settlements you find ready sale for lands.
The one hundred and sixty acres secured by pre-
emption will only serve the poorer classes. Men
of larger means will want more land, and it will
constantly happen that the preeniptor will buy the1
lands adjoining him; and as his wealth increases,,
he will secure his improvements by another pur-
chase. The first settlers, the frontier men, will
be ready to buy at the minimum price when they
can sell to new comers of larger means at from
three to five, or ten dollars an acre.
The substitute does all for the settler that the
friends of the homestead ought to desire. It places
a home in the reach of every man who deserves it.
It does more than the original bill*, it not only
provides a home, but it secures the possession of
it against contingencies of every kind except vol-
untary abandonment; and even then it allows the
man to take another home somewhere else.
The substitute meets the arguments of those
who object to giving away the lands. It gives
nothing but the right of occupancy. All that the
settlers get is the right to live upon and improve
the land; and all that the Government loses is
the doubtful chance of selling to some one else
sooner than to the settlers. For this loss surely
the Government is amply recompensed by the
productions of the soil, and the increased va!u&
of the lands consequent on their improvement.
These add to the national wealth, and enhance our
greatness as a people. The lands in a state of
nature are, in fact, worth nothing. It is the labor
of the settler that gives them value. Suppose a
settlement to be made on a quarter section of land
which the Government could sell for $200, what-
does the Government lose? Not the $2Q0, for
she does not give the land. Shelosesat most but
the interest on the $200 from the time at which
the land could have been sold withouta tenant on
them, to the time when it actually is sold with
a tenant on them. This can be but a trifle.
For this loss she gets a producer where she had a
consumer: She gets lands worth $200 increased
in value to $1,000, and she gives a happy home
to a man who was homeless.
If we are in want of a practical illustration of ■
the effects produced by a system like this, I
would point to the State of Georgia; and here let
me invoke the attention of the Senator from that
State, [Mr. Dawson,] who apostrophized with so
much eloquence, the other day, against what he
was pleased to term the profligacy of giving the
lands, to actual settlers. Georgia gave away her
lands, or sold them at a very low figure. The
consequences are seen in her multiplied population,
the improvement of her soil, the construction of
her railroads, the revival of her commerce, and
in the general and wonderful developmentof all her
lesouices. Will any one say that in all this
Georgia is not compensated tenfold for the cheap
or gratuitous distribution of her lands ? Will any
one pretend that the prosperity of Georgia is not
a part of the prosperity of the whole country. As
each State is interested in the prosperity of the
States united, so are the States united interested
in the prosperity of each of the States separately.
