860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
latter claims; on the contrary, it appears from cor-
respondence of the committee with the Fifth Au-
ditor, tha.t the delay in fixing the site for the
light-house was caused by the petitioner. In the
opinion of the committee, the two latter items
should not be allowed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
LIEUTENANT R. E. COCHRANE.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Sally T. B. Coch-
rane, widow of the late Lieutenant R. E. Coch-
rane, United States Army, reported from the
Committee on Military Affairs, was read a second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The bill appropriates the sum of $150 to Mrs.
Cochrane, the value of a horse belonging to Lieu-
tenant Cochrane, which was used for express
riding in the public service by order of Lieutenant
Colonel Garland, United States Army, at Fort
Smith, in 1841, and died in consequence of that
service.
Lieutenant Colonel John Garland, of the fourth
infantry, certifies that the horse was employed by
him on public service to take an express from Van
Buren to Fort Smith, Arkansas.
The claim is supported by the certificate of E.
H. Abadie, assistant surgeon United States Army,
who says, that whilst he was stationed at Fort
Smith, Arkansas, seven companies of the fourth
infantry, under the command of Lieutenant Colo-
nel John Garland, arrived at that post from Fort
Gibson, on the 19th September, 1841, en route for
Florida. The same night they embarked on board
the steamer Artizan, and left Fort Smith some
time on the 20th. At a point below Van Buren,
some fifteen miles, more or less, the boat was
snagged, and sunk on a sand bar, where she
grounded—unable to proceed further. On or about
the 31st September, hearing of the situation of the
boat and troops, Lieutenant R. E. Cochrane,
acting assistant quartermaster at the post, and he,
rode some seventeen miles across the woods, to
where they lay. Lieutenant Cochrane riding his
own horse, a fine, high-spirited animal, which had
been sold a few weeks previous, Lieutenant Coch-
rane purchasing him. Whilst at the boat, Lieu-
tenant Colonel Garland sent an express, a soldier,
on Lieutenant Cochrane's horse, across to Van
Buren; thence across the river again to Fort
Smith, back to the boat. On starting to return to
the fort, the same evening, it was apparent that
Lieutenant Cochrane's horse was sick. With
difficulty they got back to the garrison in a walk.
Two hours after their return the horse was dead.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is a bill for the relief
of the widow of a public officer, who served in
the Mexican war, and died atHesacadela Palma,
I believe, or Palto Alto. It is for the loss of a
horse, and the sum is only #150. 1 hope the
Senate will pass it. The proof is ample. It has
heretofore passed the Senate, and is now reported
unanimously by the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS B. PARSONS.
The bill for the relief of Thomas B. Parsons,
reported from the Committee on Pensions, was
read a second time,and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill proposes to direct the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury to pay Thomas B. Par-
sons, who was disabled while in the naval service
of the United States, in the successful effort to
save the lives of seven persons, three dollars per
month from the 1st of September, 1808, to the 1st
of June, 1835, as the difference between the rate
pf pension of a seaman and that of a coxswain,
which grade he filled at the time of the injury.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
AMOS KNAPP.
The bill for the relief of Amos Knapp, reported
from the Committee on Pensions, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole,
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
pay to Amos Knapp a sum equal to eleven dollars ,
per month from the 1st of July, 1848; and it in-
creases his pension, granted by act of July 12.
1852, to the rate of eleven dollars per month, to
continue during his natural life.
On the 12th of July, 1852, an act was passed,
placing the name of petitioner on the pension
rolls, at the rate of eight dollars per month, to take
effect from its passage. By a certificate of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, it is proved
that Knapp's papers, upon which the relief was
finally granted, in 1852, were presented and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions, in April,
1848, with the exception of a certificate of Hon.
A. M. Schermerhorn, that the signatures to his
petition were genuine. The petitioner now prays
that his pension may be made to commence at the
time when he presented the evidence, with the ex-
ception referred to, upon which the act. of 1852
was based.
The evidence is also clear, and of the highest
character, (being; of record as certified by Assist-
ant Adjutant General Thomas, and by Third
Auditor of the Treasury, Galiaher,) that Knapp
was a seigeant (and not a private) in the thirty-
first infantry of the war establishment of 1812;
and, as such, as shown by the pay-tables, was
entitled to and received eleven dollars per month.
It also fui ther is shown by the papers accompany-
ing the petition, that he, while in the service and
in the line of his duty, incurred rheumatism,
which resulted, after his honorable discharge, in
total disability.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
GEORGE MORELL.
The bill to provide compensation forthe services
of George Morell in adjusting titles to land in
Michigan, reported from the Committee on
Claims, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Maria Morell, widow of George Mo-
rell, late a judge of the United States for the Ter-
ritoi y of Michigan, for his services in ascertaining,
adjusting, and settling claims to land, and per-
forming other duties in conformity with several
laws, at the rate of $500 per annum, from the
time of his appointment as a iudge of the United
States for that Territory, to tne 24th of Septem-
ber, 1836.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ABIGAIL STAFFORD.
The next on the Calendar was the joint resolu-
tion explanatory of an act entitled "An act for
the relief of Abigail Stafford;" which had been
reported from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. BAYARD and Mr. BRIGHT objected to
its consideration; and it was passed over.
BENEDICT J. HEARD.
The next on the Calendar was the bill for the
relief of Benedict J. Heard; reported from the
Committee of Claims.
Mr. BAYARD. I have something: to sav on
that.
The bill was passed over.
LYMAN N. COOK.
The bill from the House of Representatives,
for the relief of Lvman N. Cook, reported from
the Committee on Pensions, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It directs the name of Lyman N. Cook to be
placed on the pension roll of the United States al
the rate of §22 50 per month during his natural
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be read a third time, was
read a third time, and passed.
ISRAEL JOHNSON.
Mr. RUSK. 1 ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to report a private bill from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs. It is a small bill, and
I ask for its immediate consideration.
The bill was received by unanimous consent,
read a first and second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretarycf the Treas-
ury to pay Israel Johnson, of Cass county, Indi-
ana, $570. |
Johnson alleges that, at the time of the attempted
treaty with the Miami tribe of Indians, m 1833,
he, at the request, and under the direction of Gen-
eral William Marshall, Indian agent, and Nicholas
D. Grover, sub-agent, hauled from Logansport to
the forks of the Wabash, three loads of baggage,
for which he was to receive $45 each, making $135
in all. Also, that, by the orders ofthe same parties,
he hauled one load of baggage from the treaty
ground at the forks of the Wabash, to the pay-
mentground of the Pottawatomies, on the Tippe-
canoe river, for which he was to receive $45; also,
being a hotel-keeper at Logansport, he entertained
and kept a large number of Indians for some time
prior to the attempted treaty, for which he charges
$220; also, that, while the Indians were in coun-
cil, he gave, by direction of the a<rent, a public
dinner to the chiefs of the tribes, for which he
charges $75; also, that he was employed to trans-
port six boys of the Pottawatomie tribe to Mad-
ison, on their way to the Choctaw Academy, for
which it was agreed that he should be paid $100.
The evidence leaves no room to doubt the truth
of the allegations. Among the affidavits, Mr.
Grover, the sub-agent, who was on the ground,
bears testimony to the service, and the reason-
ableness of the compensation.
When the accounts pertaining to the commis-
sion were presented by the agent of the United
States, at the War Department, Johnson's ac-
counts were omitted; and theomissionisaccounted
for by the fact that upon-the failure of the treaty,
the commissioners hurriedly made up their ac-
counts during the night following, and left their
treaty ground early the next morning, while John-
son was absent from the ground. No part of the
claim has been paid by the United States, but al-
lowances for precisely similar services have been
made to others in the settlement of the accounts
of the commission.
The objection to the payment at the War De-
partment is, that the accounts are not approved
by the whole Board of Commissioners, three in
number. The evidence before the committee shows
that the agent for the Indians, General Marshall,
from the fact that the other gentlemen on the com-
mission were strangers to the Indians and the
whites in the neighborhood, was the active and.
acting man, and made all the necessary arrange-
ments.
It was through no fault of Johnson that the ac-
counts were not Jaid before the board, but it was
the result of the neglect of General Marshall,
whose duty it was to have done so in Johnson's
absence, as Marshall had required the services and
been furnished with the accounts.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN HOOE.
The bill from the House of Representatives
for the relief of Emelie Hooe, widow of Captain
Hooe, reported from the Committee on Pensions,
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place upon the pension list the name of
Emelie Hooe, widow of Brevet Major Alexander
S. Hooe, late of the United States Army, whose
death was occasioned by a wound received in the
battle of Resaca de la Palma, on the 9th of May,
1846, and allow her per month the half pay of a
captain in the Army of the United States, for ten
years, to commence on the 1st of January, 1854;
but the pension is to cease if she die in the mean
time.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a
third time, and passed.
UTICA STEAM WOOLEN COMPANY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives, for the relief of the Utica Steam
Woolen Company. It appropriates $1,181 16 to
the Utica Steam Woolen Company, of Utica, in
the State of New York, in full of their account
for interest on goods furnished to the Quartermas-
ter's Department.
Mr. SHIELDS called for the reading of the
report of the Committee on Claims, and it was
accordingly read.
It appears that in 1851 the company mad©
a contract with G. H. Crossman, quartermas-
ter, in behalf of the United States, to furnish cer-
