1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Georgia gave lands to her people, and she made
her people stationary, and prosperous, and haps-
py. 'She has her ample reward in this, that she is
not only the most populous, but, in every sense,
the most thrifty of the southern States. What
Georgia has become under this system, all the
. land States will become under a hire system. I
appeal from that narrow and contracted sentiment
which looks only to the interest of a State or sec-
tion to the broad national sentiment which looks
to the success of the whole country—to that sen-
timent which sees success to Virginia in the suc-
cess of Mississippi; and a triumph to Massachu-
setts in the triumph of Wisconsin; to that senti-
ment which sees a triumph to the whole Union in
the triumph of any one of its parts. To this
comprehensive spirit i appeal for relief from the
incubus of Government lands in the new States
Let the lands be cultivated. The cultivators will
build railroads, create commerce, encourage man-
ufactures, sustain the mechanic arts, and add to
the general prosperity of the whole country. Re-
strain their cultivation, and your highest eulogium
will be, that you have been more the friends
of savages and wild beasts than op civilized
men.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I wish to put one question to
the Senator from Mississippi. In the original bill,
for which the Senator has offered a substitute, the
fourth section provides that " all lands acquired
under the provisions of this act shall in no event
become liable to the satisfaction of any debt or
debts contracted prior to the issuing of the patent
thereof." [ understand the Senator from Missis-
sippi to object to that section upon the gnound of
its conflicting with State-rights. Now, I under-
stand the third section of the Senator's substitute
to provide, in effect, for the same exemption. The
close of that third section provides that " no sale
of the same," referring to the lands, " for debt,
other liability or penalty, (other than for taxes,) '■
under the authority #f any State, or the courts j
thereof, shall entitle the purchaser to any right
to disturb the possession of the preemptor by pur-
chase from the Government; nor shall it'be law-
ful to issue a patent for any such land to any
such purchaser."
Mr. BROWN. That means, of course, during
his occupancy, as a mere occupant, and not when
he has a perfect title.
Mr. BENJAMIN. But the section speaks of
the " preemptor by purchase from the Govern-
ment."
Mr. BROWN. He ceases to be a preemptor
as soon as he gets a title. The section only pro-
tects him while he is a preemptor. When he gets
a title he ceases to be so, and is proprietor of the
land, and, of course, he is no longer under the pro-
tection of that section.
Mr. DAWSON. Is the question now upon
the substitute of my friend from Mississippi?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
offered by the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Chase.1 ]
Mr. DAWSON. So I thought.
Mr. BROWN. Allow me to say to my friend I
from Georgia that I introduced the substitute for
discussion at this time, so as to have it fairly be- !
fore the Senate. {
Mr. DAWSON. I understood the Senator j
very well; but I wished to call the attention of the ;
Senate to the point upon which we were about to ]
vote. |
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. President, I |
am not willing that the vote shall be taken on the ]
pending amendment until I shall have had an op-
portunity of putting myself right in regard to it.
I will not detain the Senate long. My first im-
pression was in favor of striking out the sixth
section, as proposed by the Senator from Dela-
ware, [Mr. Clayton.] I do not exactly reconcile
it to my feeling, or to my Americanism, if you
please to allow that expression, that a foreigner
shall come here a week before the passage of this
law, if it shall pass, and occupy the same position j
in regard to the public property as an American j
citizen. I have that difficulty on my mind; and j
upon that impression I was inclined to act at first,
and to vote with the Senator from Delaware, in j
favor of striking out. My mind has, however, after !
thorough investigation, undergonesome change on j
that subject, and I will ask the indulgence of the i
Senate while I give my reasons for that change. !
I find, on examination, that this has been the pol-1
icy of the Government from the first introduction
of the system of granting homesteads; in 1850,
the bill granting homesteads in Oregon was in ihe
identical words of this bill. Other laws for the
same purpose have been passed since, containing
the same provisions. This bill does not propose
to give lands to all foreigners that are here, or that
may come here—but to such as are here now, and
have taken the necessary steps to become citizens
of the United States. The lands are not to be
granted until they have become American citizens,
and have resided on and cultivated the same for
five years. If a foreigner will go into the wilder-
ness, encounter the privations of frontier life, set-
tle on one hundred and sixty acres of land for five
years, I think he is entitled to the land—having
paid a full equivalent for it, and will be a much
better and safer citizen than if kept in idleness
about yourlargecities.
Mr. President, if I wanted the protection of an
excuse for voting for this measure, obnoxious as
it is to many of my warmest personal and politi-
cal friends, 1 might find it in the unanimous ex-
pression of the Legislature of my State in favor of
a homestead bill. It is true, I have not received
those instructions officially;-yet I have seen them
in the newspapers of the country. But, sir, I do
not choose to protect myself by those instructions.
However strong they may be, however much en- j
titled to consideration they would be with me, '
they do not necessarily control my vote on this
subject; for 1 announced myself in favor of the
principles of this bill before the action of the
Legislature took place.
If I may be pardoned by my friends for saying
so—and 1 beg they will pardon me—1 am in fa-
vor of the principle of this bill. lam in favor of
it on considerations of policy, propriety, and jus-
tice. I should have voted for it in the absence of
any expression of opinion by the Legislature of
my State. Never, sir, since I have occupied a
seat upon this floor, have I seen any measure as-
sailed as this has been. I believe it was Bertram
who said to Imogene, " None have ever loved as
we have loved; none ever loved so madly." The
opponents of this bill may say to themselves,
"None have ever hated as we have hated; none
ever hated so madly." They have fought this
bill as Christian and Infidel fought in the days of
the Crusaders. They have outraged every prin-
ciple of civilized warfare. They have gone into
the most ultra-guerrilla warfare that I ever wit-
nessed m civilized society. The Senator from
Delaware [Mr. Clayton] commenced his attack
from the chaparral on this side, and fired into the
bill. The Senator from Pennsylvania, on the
other side, [Mr. Brodhead,] from another chap-
arral, fired into it, and there has been a cross-fire
from the different chaparrals from the beginning
to the end of this whole controversy.
Sir, have they attacked the great principle of
the bill? I think not. They urge objections.
In the first place, the Senator from Pennsylvania,
with a boldness almost Napoleonic—for I believe
he would rather differ from a majority than concur !
with them—attacks the bill mainly upon the j
ground of its caption, and for more than fifteen ;
minutes he enlightened the Senate upon the ob- ]
noxious character and inappropriateness of the |
caption or title of the bill. If that honorable Sen- I
ator, for whom 1 have very great respect and great |
personal kindness, and for whose nerve and bold- !
ness I have a high admiration, felt a great objection I
to the name of the bill, in all conscience why does !
he not propose to change it? "A rose by any other
name would smell as sweet." Give us the sub-
stance, and he may rebaptize it to suit his own
fancy.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Tennessee one question. What is
the great principle of this bill ? I confess I am not j
able to discover it. I
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Before I am done,
I shall undertake to enlighten the learned and dis-
tinguished Senator as to what is the principle of
this bill, " as I understand it." The Senator from
Pennsylvania, as I have said, attacked the bill on
its caption. Then came the Senator from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Clay,] with his keen sword, or rather
stiletto, and he attacked the phraseology of the
bill. He asked his friends " What do you mean
by the word 'now?' Is it present, or prospect-
ive, or what is it? Does it apply to the time be-
ing, when we are discussing it, to the time when
the bill was presented ,or to the passage oC the bill,
or to what time does it' refer- f "• If that honorable
Senator objects to the phraseology of the bill, whj^
does he not propose to amend it? He makes no
propositiontoamend.it.
Then came the Senator from Scwth Carolina
[Mr. Bdtler] with his mighty artillery—-forjt is
mighty—and what did he say ? He indulged ftt-
a thousand denunciations of vagabonds andothers,
which I think are the mere creations Of his fancy;
and that certainly is one of the most exuberant
that I have ever met with. He objects to the dia-
lect of the bill; he does not like the word " issu-
ance." He thinks it is not an American-word.
If that word does not suit tbat distinguished and
learned Senator, whydoeshenot'giveus abetter?
What sort of warfare is this, When learned, dis-
tinguished, and venerable Senators here—three of
them—attack the bill in this way ? One of them
attacked the name of the bill, the other attacked
the word "now," and the third says the word
" issuance" is not to be found in the dictionary-of
the'country.
Mr. CLAY. In order to relieve myself, I will
tell the Senator that I had an amendmentprepared
in writing, which 1 intended to offer at the proper
period, fixing a precise time.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. Iam very much in-
debted to my friend from Alabama; I am glad that
be means to do something >nyth the bill; but I am.
speaking of the record as itidb I am speaking of
the attacks which have been made on this measure.
Here, I say, are three distinguished Senators in
the Congress of the United States, making speeches
upon isolated words, when they do not come up to
the'point of attack on the merits of the bill; if the
words are obnoxious, offer amendments to make
them more acceptable. I should be content with
that course; but I do not like the guerrilla mode of
warfare which has been carried on. It is evidently
the purpose of the opponents of this measure to
destroy it by this indirect mode of attack, I
should gladly cooperate with them in rendering
the bill more perfect, if after that I had any hope
of securing their aid in its final passage; but I
indulge no such delusive hope; their object is to
weaken it by amendments, and thus secure its de-
feat. I cannot lend myself to their purposes.
The Senator from South Carolina, as 1 have said,
gave us his criticism upon the dialect of this bill.
Then came the Senator from Delaware, [Mr.
Clayton,] and he attacked it in the main front.
It seems that the center of attack has been as-
signed to that distinguished Senator, and .he finds
fault with the sixth section. What is that sixth
section, about which, I confess, there is some
difficulty in my mind ? It is that foreigners,
who are not naturalized citizens, shall be per-
mitted to enjoy an equal participation with citi-
zens, in the benefits of this bill. I admit there is
something substantial in this objection; but, at
the same time, I wish to know of that honorable
Senator whether he will vote for the bill if Jiis
amendment be made? If we strike out that sec-
tion, will the honorable Senator vote with us?
Not at all. But, sir, the wisdom, the experience,
the profound tact, and, if I be not considered dis-
respectful, I may say that exceeding shrewdness
and astuteness for which that Senator is distin-
guished, taught him that the way to destroy a
measure is not to come up and attack the princi-
ple in it, if there be one, but to strike at it in de-
tail, to cut off one point here and another there,
and in the end to weaken anc^enfeeble the meas-
ure so that nobody can, sustain it, and it cannot
sustain itself.
Well, sir, after that the Senator from Mary-
land [Mr. Pratt] attacked the bill at another
'point. What is his objection? One of his objec-
tions is, that if an alien settles upon the lands, and
dies before he perfects his title, his children will
get the land under the bill. Now, sir, if that is
not so, it ought to be so; and if the bill does not
mean that, 1 am in favor of amending it to make it
mean that. When a man goes and encounters
all the hardships, troubles, annoyances, and diffi-
culties incident to an early settlement in a new
country, and dies six weeks or six months before
he perfects his title, will the Senator say that his
children ought not to enjoy the inheritance of their
father? I do not concur in the views of that Sen-
ator. The settlement and cultivation of the wild •
lands of the country is a benefit to the whole coun-
try. If you invite its settlement, and the occupant
