154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 11,
answer by four o'clock in the afternoon, he should cause
tiie pasonor 10 be taken away by mam foice."
Mr. PRESTON. Still stronger. I did not re-
collect the passage the gentleman has quotes!-, but
it serves still further to authorize the act of.Cap-
tain Ingraham. Under the circumstances, Captain
Ingraham fulfilled his duty as a naval commander;
and it is for that very reason we propose to re-
turn him the thanks of Congress. The resolution
of the committee simply declares our approval of
his act, and leaves all questions of public law to
be settled by correspondence of the diplomatic
functionaries. We leave Mr. Marcy to vindicate
the principles which he has asserted in his cor-
respondence.
The correspondence approves the acts of Cap-
tain ingraham, and more than covers the views
which the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Phil-
lips] desires to express by his amendment; but
yet, to my mind, it seems better to adhere to the
resolution as reported by the Committee on For-
eign Relations; because, though no objection may
exist as to principles—correct in themselves—yet
it does not seem necessary to reassert them in a
simple resolution of thanks.
. Every speech uttered by those who profess to
be in favor of returning thanks to Captain Ingra-
ham, has been an additional argument for adopt-
ing the resolution as it now stands, without the
insertion of other views, which might need contro-
versy. We all approach the same end by differ-
ent roads. Let us all concur in the chief object,
which is to return the thanks of the American
Congress to Captain Duncan N. Ingraham for his
gallant conduct m the bay of Smyrna. Let the
alien who seeks to become a citizen among us,
when he goes to foreign lands, feel the consolation
of security, and that he is still within the protecting
shadow of the flag of the Union. Do not Jet us
damp the courage of our Navy, by refusing, after
this protracted ditscussion, to pay a tribute of re-
spect which might possibly have been pretermitted
if we had not gone thus far. Let us take no steps
backward I would rather adopt the amendment
of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Phillips,]
than recede from the resolution 
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
desire to ask a question of the gentleman, and also
of the chanman of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs. If Captain Ingraham acted, as appears to
be the fact, under the instructions of Mr. Brown,
the Ohaige d'Aflairesof the United Slates at Con-
stantinople, instead of upon his own responsibility
and his own judgment, would it not be more ap-
propriate to give this vote of thanks to Mr. Brown,
than to Captain Ingraham ?
Mr. PRESTON. I will not attempt to answer
that question. It would involve a consideration
of all the opinions about this matter which may
be entertained here 
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia, (interrupting.) If
the gentleman will allow me, I will answer it.
To my mind, there is some significance in the
question put by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Ctjmming,] followed up by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Taylor,] and still later by the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Jones.] It is
asked, if Captain Ingraham acted under the in-
structions of Mr. Brown, whether Mr. Brown is
not the man to be thanked instead of Ingraham?
Well, now, the reply to that is a very easy one. I
know that Mr. Brown acted very well in this
matter, and I mean to see that justice is done
him; but Mr. Brown is in civil life and can be
promoted, and this administration ought to pro-
mote him. Irigraham cannot be promoted under
our laws and usage; and this is the only return
we can make him.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Will the gentleman
from Kentucky allow me to ask the gentleman
from Tennessee a question ?
Mr. PRESTON. I am afraid that in all this
cross-fire I shall lose the floor myself; but I will
permit the gentleman to ask the question.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Then I ask the gentle-
man why it is that we have passed resolutions
thanking our generals for fighting our battles.'
They have done it under the direction of the Pres-
ident and Secretary of War; and yet I never heard
of a resolution being passed thanking those offi-
cials for their conduct.
Mr. JONES The gentleman from Illinois has
the advantage of me in having been in the wars.
1 never have been.
Mr. RICHARDSON. That does not answer
my question.
Mr. JONES. 1 shall answer your question,
though. I have no recollection of ever having
seen, in any report of the battles in which that
gentleman was engaged, and so gallantly behaved
himself, or of any battle in Mexico, or any battle
fought by the American arms in any one of the
wars in which we have been, where the President
or the Secretary of War gave orders to fight a
particular battle, and to conduct it in a particular
way. It is the commanding general, as I under-
stand, who has the whole control, the arrange-
ment and direction of these things in the field.
Congress declares war, and the President sends
forward troops; but the responsibility of fighting,
when and'how, rests upon the commander. The
commanding general takes the responsibility, and
he it is whom we have been in the habit of thank-
ing for victories, and rewarding with sword and
medal.
Mr. RICHARDSON. With the permission
of the gentleman from KentucKy, I will say a
word or two by way of reply. The President
commands the army to fight the battle, and they
fight it m their own way. The gentleman from
Tennessee says that they ought to be thanked.
Mr. Brown told Captain Ingraham to do this
thing, and he did it. tie stands, therefore, in
about the same relation as a general, i can see
no difference between them.
Mr. PRESTON. I feel so dislocated—notcom-
plicated—by the interruptions which have taken
place—though I have willingly yielded to them,
and would do so again—that I desire to fulfill my
promise not to obtrude longer upon the time of
the House. I think that nearly every gentleman
present has made up his opinion. The purpose for
which I rose was to say, that we now have either
to recommit, reject, or adopt this resolution. Why
not act upon it at once? Why dixcuss it fur-
ther? It will be gratifying to Captain Ingraham,
who deserves it, and honorable to Congress if we
pass it.
Whatever may be the desire of the friends of
Ingraham in this House, they can have no better
opportunity of testifying their appreciation of his
! services and gallantry than that which the com-
j mittee have olfered. Shall we recede and refuse
' to pass the resolution? I cannot agree with the
gentleman from Alabama when he proposes such
a course. Ingraham is an American officer, who,
in my judgment, deserves this honor.
It was but a few days since that I most cheer-
fully concurred in offering a similar compliment
to General Wool. I trust a like sentiment will
prevail among us in concurring in the resolution
of the Senate, intended to bestow a merited honor
upon General Scott. Much, however, as I think
the country is indebted to him for the most mem-
orable, valuable, and brilliant military services,
and richly as I think the tribute due to the greatest
living captain and soldier of the age, yet, whatever
may be its fate, it cannot affect my wish to see
justice done to Wool and Ingraham.
It is suggested that I should call the previous
question; but it is foreign to my habit to do so,
and would be very inappropriate after the indulg-
ence extended by the House. Allow me to say,
in conclusion, that I earnestly hope the House will
adopt the resolution as modified by the Committee
on Foteign Relations, without ingrafting any
amendment upon it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion. *
The previous question being seconded, the main
question was ordered to be put—ayes 82, noes 58.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr. Speaker, what is the
main question?
The SPEAKER. The first proposition is to
commit to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. DEAN. I shall not, Mr. Speaker, at this
hour of the day, avail myself of the opportunity
which the rules afford me to occupy the attention
of the House by making a speech on this subject,
as I have already once addressed it. I shall rather
take the opportunity to write out and publish my
views at length m.the Appendix to the Congres-
sional Globe. But I think it is proper that 1, as
the mover of the original resolution, should ex-
plain that 1 approve of the act of the committee
on this subject. And in doing that, sir, I wish
it to be understood, distinctly and unequivocally,
that I am in favor of the resolution of the com-
mittee as reported, instead of the resolution which
I offered here on the second day of the session.
I am in favor of the resolution as amended by
the committee, instead of those which I proposed,
for this reason: because they now come fiom one
of the standing committees of this House; and for
that reason it goes forth to the country as the ma-
tured expression of the committee rather than the
production of an individual, and the result of
careful and deliberate consideration. I, therefore,
sir, dropping all personal considerations, which I
might be supposed to entertain in regard to the
adoption of my own proposition unamended, say
that I am, under all the circumstances, in favor
of the amended resolution of the committee rather
than of my own, as originally proposed. The res-
olutions, as first offered here, were drawn by me
in haste at my desk in the House, and without hav-
ing had time to consult with any one,and with no
opportunity to select the best form of expression
to convey the principles intended to be asserted.
They were offered the very day on which the
President's message came into the House, in
which we were informed that the Government,
after mature deliberation, had given its approba-
tion to the conduct of Commander Ingraham.
And I was anxious, sir, that the same medium of
communication—whether mail or telegraph —
which carried forth that declaration by the Presi-
dent, should also convey the intelligence to the
whole world that the Congress of the United
States—another branch of the Government—ap-
proved the conduct of Captain Ingraham as em-
phatically as the President had done. And, sir,
so long as the object is attained, I care not in
what particular language the information is con-
veyed—I am for the substance, and not for the
letter—the particular form of expression matters
not. The people, on looking at that vote of
thanks, and the presentation of the medal, will
regard the thing, and not the precise phraseology
in which our thanks are conveyed. The act is
more eloquent than all the studied forms of speech;
and the simpler the expression, the more emphatic
the approval. They, sir, will not haggle about
words, or study the force of sentences; but they
will see that their representatives, the representa-
tives of the American people, have, in Congress
assembled, deliberately approved of that conduct
which they have so emphatically indorsed 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (interrupting.) I
beg to assure the House that I do not rise for the
sake of making a speech upon this question, but
simply to propound a question to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Dean,] in relation to the
phraseology of the resolution. As the gentleman
from New York originally offered the resolution,
I beg leave to propound the question to him.
Mr. DEAN. Though disliking more than I
can express the habit of interrogating gentlemen
while addressing the House, if the gentleman from
Virginia desires to ask me a question I will an-
swer it.
Mr. SMITH. The preamble of the resolu-
tion is in these words: " In extending the pro-
tection of the American Government to Martin
Koszta by rescuing him from forcible and illegal
seizure and imprisonment on board of the Austrian
brig Huzzar," What I wish to know is this:
Did this committee mean to assert that he was
seized on board the brig Huzzar? Another ques-
jtion; the resolution says "forcible seizure." I
I want to know the use of the word "forcible?"
; The word u seizure and imprisonment" imply
! force. There is a manifest tautology, and in a
: matter of this importance, I would not send out
I to the world a paper defective in phraseology in
I this respect.
j Mr. DEAN. I hope, in a discussion of this
j impoitance, that Congress will not be turned into
j a grammar school, [laughter,] and that we shall
| not be forced from the discussion of a matter of
! national importance to the settlement of a question
of syntax; or be compelled to consult our diction-
aries, or refer to some work upon synonyms.
The words "forcible seizure," however, are in-
tentional, and mean something where they occur,
and I desire to meet the gentleman upon his own
criticism. We have in our law books—and I have
j not the pleasure to know whether the gentleman
| is a lawyer or not—we have a term which says
j 4< molliter manus impoMiit**—he placed his hands
[ lightly upon him. We mean to convey by the
