1722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
dies before be has perfected his title, in the name
of justice arid humanity, will you deny to his chil-
dren the benefits of the father's labor? The coun-
try will have gotten the benefits of the settlement
and improvement of the lands, and will you deny
everything to the children? I hope not.
But, Mr. President, another attack is madeupon
this bill, and it comes from my friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Dawson.] I dislike exceedingly to
come i« collision with him upon any subject, not
only on account of my great respect for him as a
statesman, a politician, and a gentleman, but be-
cause of a nearer and dearer relation. But 1 con-
fess to you, sir, that his assault was one of the
most remarkable that I ever witnessed in the Amer-
ican Senate. What is his objection to the bill ?
He says, in the first place, it is unequal and un-
just. How? It gives land to every American
citizen, and to every foreigner who has declared
on oath that he intendsto become an American citi-
zen. It makes no discrimination. M y friend can
avail himself of the benefit of the law, if he chooses,
f can avail myself of it. Every Senator can avail
himself of it. But still, it is said, it is unequal and
unjust, because there are some who cannot avail
themselves of it. Is that an objection to the law ?
If it be, the same objection would apply to any
■and every law that you can pass. Human wis-
dom cannot devise any law which will be, in all
its benefits, perfectly equal and uniform to all the
members of this great Republic. My friend il-
lustrated his view: <lAh," s id he, u there is a
widow in my country." Mr. President, that my
friend is sensitive on that subject is not at all
remarkable to me. 1 am not astonished that he
is particularly sensitive of the rights of widows.
He has a right to be sensitive on that subject.
[Laughter.]
Mr. BADGER. Bound to be so. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, bound
to be so by the lawn ot gravity. [Laughter.] JJut,
sir, he has a remaikable widow in his country,
who, he says, has six daughters; and he fears she
cannot go on the public lands and avail herself of
this baunty, as he calls it. He is mistaken m
that. I know that if that widow has six good
looking daughters, and has not money enough to
go to the Territories, my friend would advance
her the money; and if lie could do no better, he
would take one of the daughters.
' A Senator. Or the widow.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But I wish to show
that he is doing the widow a manifest injustice in
this view. I say that if he will peirmt thai widow
to go into the Territories with her daughters, who
he says are all full age, she will lmve one hundied
and sixty neres of land, and each of her daugh-
ters will have one hundied and sixty acres, if
my friend will not advance the money to send
them to Kansas or .Nebraska, some benevolent
emigration souety will doubtless come to the res-
cue. Now, will you not benefit the condition of
th.'^t widow by giving her one hundred ;>nd sixty
acres of land, and giving each of her daughters
one hundred and sixtyacies?
Mr. DIXON. The daughters are not " heads
of families."
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. But they are
twenty-one years of age, and therefore, under
the bill, entitled to its provisions. My friend
from Geoigia said farther that he was opposed
to 'this lull because it interfered with a gieat pnn-
ciple, and that is a principle outside of this bill,
and I wish to call attention of my friend from
Delaware [Mr. Bayard] to it. What principle
is it that he says it conflicts with 5 It is a new
principle in political economy—the principle of
reproduction. If I believed, sir, the passage of
this bill would interfere wiih that great principle,
I would vote against it; and I am sure my honor-
able colleague, [Mr. Bull,] ifhe were here, would
concur with me in the opinion that we never could
be tolerated a single moment at home if we mtei-
fered with that great pi maple of reproduction, I do
not apprehend, however, that it hap anything fo
do with the bili; and my friend need give himself
no fears on that subject
But, sir, the Senator from Delaware [Mr. Bay-
ard] a^ked me what principle was m this bill? I
will tell him what I conceive to be the punciple
contained in the bill which attiacts my adnma-
Uon and support. The Government of the United
States, or the people of the United States, aie the
holders of seventeen hundied millions of acres of
land. That it is the true policy of this Govern-
ment to reduce those lands, as fast as possible, to
cultivation, will, I suppose, be admitted by the
Senator; but then he may object that thai is a good
principle, if we had the power. Well, sir, 1
maintain we have the power to do that; and I
mean to cite no higher authority than the honora-
ble Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Badger,]
who made one of the ablest speeches which it was
ever my fortune to listen to in the Senate, on this
subject. He demonstrated conclusively and un-
mistakably, that the Government of the United
States had full, undisputed, and unlimited power
and control over the whole public domain. Then,
when we are the landholders of seventeen hundred
millions of acres of land, and have full power to
dispose of them just as we please, and when we
please, and to whom we please, I ask if it is not
wisdom, and patriotism, and good policy, to give'
them to those who are not the owners of land,
who have no means to possess themselves of land,
and thereby enhance the prosperity of the com-
mon country? If there is no principle in that,
then I cannot see what a principle or a policy is,
give it any name, I care not what it is.
But, sir, this measure was attacked as though it
were a new one. My fi lends have said to me, are
you going for this bill ? 1 say, l.am. They :speuk
as though it were a new bill; when, if I choose to
place myself behind a mass of documents, if I
choose to call great men to my support in vindica-
tion of this great principle or policy, or whatever
you may please to call it, I need only refer to the
resolution read a day or two ago by the Senator
from Michigan, [Mr. Cass,] which was ottered by
that man who is conceded now by all, by his
friends and enemies, by those who concui«eu with
him, or by those whodilTered from him generally,
now that he is dead, to have been one of the most
profound statesmen that ever honored the age in
which he lived. Mr. Webster's resolution laid
. down the very principle of this bill. Then, when
you ask me lor a name, I give the name of that
great and illustrious American statesman. I might
go further back than that, and I might get other
illustrious narrus to vindicate the policy that I am
advocating, but I foibear. But, Mr. President,
there is one point to which I invite attention. Is
this the first time that this measure has been before
us? I think not. In 1850, a proposition \vas in-
troduced into the Congress of the United States to
grant a homestead to every settler who would go
to the Territory of Oregon. How much did it
give? If he was a single man, it gave him three
hundied and twenty acres of land If he was a
mai ried man, with a family, it gave him six hundred
and forty acres in perpetuity; and then only upon
the condition that he should reside upon it for four
years. Where were thosegenilemen who inveigh
with such fury against this bill now, when, in
Ibfjl), a law was put upon the statute-book, giving
to every single man three hundred and twenty
acres, and to every family six hundred and forty
acres of public land, piovided they settled on it for
four years ? Why did you not attack that princi-
ple then? Why did you not assail it then ? Why
did you put it upon the statute-book, and let the
people enjoy it fiom 1850 down to noio, and when
we came to make it general, raise your hands and
say, oh, what an outrage ? But this is not all.
That Oil I did not restrict its benefits to American
citizens. It extended them to aliens who had filed
a declaration of intention, or who might file one
within the next two years; and yet these gentle-
men stood by and saw that become the law of the
land without opening their hps.
The provisions of that bill are identical with
those contained m this hill, except it gave as much
as six hundred and forty acres, this but one
hundred and sixty; that requires but four years
occupancy, this five. So you perceive that act of
1850 is much more liberal to the settler than the
one now proposed.
But, gentlemen, you are in a worse category
than that. 1 hold in my hand a bill which paseed
the Senate of the United States not two weeks
ago, and what is il ? To grant a homestead to
every American citizen in the Territory of New
Mexico, of one hundred and sixty acres of land—
not only to every American citizen, but to every
white male citizen of the United States, or every
white male above the age of twenty-one years,
who has declared his intention to become a citizen,
i>£ who shall have removed, or shall remove—
mark the words!—into that Territory, and settle
upon it for four years. Where was the Senator
from Delaware then ? ,
Mr. GEYER. That act was temporary in its
character; u only exists till 1858.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir, it is
temporary in its character. Where were you
then > Did you hear of it ? You were an American
Senator then.
Mr. CLAYTON. I never heard of it. I do
not believe there was one Senator out of twenty
who ever heard of it. It is not on our files.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot help that.
There was not a dissenting voice to it. The records
show that it came from the House, and passed
thiough three readings in the Senate without a
single objection being made to it—not a dissenting
voice was there to it. Here is the principle of this
bill in one which was passed not two weeks ago.
Weie those gentlemen on the floor, and yet was
there not a single syllable of objection or denun-
ciation hurled against it? TheGovernment adopted
it years ago, you followed it up, and you art par-
ticeps criminis in this very principle, because you
did not oppose it heretofore. You cannot escape
from this. If gentlemen did not know of it, it is
no fault of mine. I will have the Journal read in
regard to the point. I have been to the record.
Mr. CLAY TON. It is not on our files.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. Gentlemen are mis-
taken.
Mr. GEYER. When did you discover it?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I find it on the
records of the Senate.
Mr. CLAYTON. Did the honorable Senator
know eft it at the time the lull passed ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think I did; for
it was befoie the committee, and I approved of it.
Mr. CLAYTON. Was there a word said about
it when it was passed ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I cannot tell. I
hope the Senator, will not jjold me responsible for
it, if he did not know it. It is not my fault. I
cannot help that; but I am going to the record.
The bill came from the House of Representatives,
was read twice, and refened, and on the 19th of
June it was reported back. It was then read a
third time, and the question was, shall it pass? and
it passed without a dissenting voice, thiouijb all
the forms necessary for the passage of a bill.
Mr. SEWARD. When was it passed ?
Mr JONES, of Tennessee. It was reported on
the 19th of June, and the Secretary can tell when
it was passed. 1 hope he will read the Journal.
The Secretary .read as follows from the Jour-
nal:
" Saturday, July ].—Mr. I)oj>(tE, of Iowa, from the
Committee on Public LdiuN, to whom was ieterr«Mf tin; bill
of Hie Hoine of Rptcfixr\nvo^ (No .'115) to establish the
oflli-o of surveyor peiiet.il of New Mexico, Kan-.**, and
Nebnis-ka, to grant donauons to actual settlers therein, and
tor oilier purposes, reported it without amendment.
'• Therti'n.xte pioeeedod to couMdersnid bill, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and no amendment being made, it
was reported lo ihe Senate.
'' Ordered, That it pa.ss to a thud reading.
"Said bill \v:ih tead a third time.
u Resolved, That it pass.
" Oxtered, That the Secretaiy notify the House of Rep-
resentatives thereof,"
Mr. DAWSON. That is the same day on
which it was reported.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Of course it was.
It passed the same day on which it was reported.
Mr. CLAY. Wiil the Senator all ow me to
make a distinction, which is a very palpable one?
It is, that there is a great difference between giving
a homestead in a Territory, and a homestead in
the States; and I could justify my vote for that
bill on the ground of the distinction which I draw.
We know that the Federal Government supports
the governments of the Territories until they be-
come States. They are a tax on the Federal
Treasury; hence it is the policy of the Government
to populate the Territories as rapidly as possible,
and relieve itself of the buiden by the removal of
the territorial government. Such is not the case
with a State.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The distinction
drawn by my friend from Alabama may suit his
views, but the principle is la-id down here that
Congress has the right, has the power to giant
homesteads. That principle has beeen recognized
and acted upon by Congress withm the last two
weeks.
Mr. CASS. Will the Senator from Tennessee
