1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pardon me a moment for making this suggestion?
The power to dispose of the public-Ia.nds knows
no State or Territory. Every law in regard-to
the lands which is applicable to the States in which
the lands lie is applicable to the Territories in
which they lie^n the same way. Theposition of
the lands does not touch the power.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I am indebted for
that suggestion of the Senator. 1 should have
made ifmyself. There can be no difference as to
the question of power; and that does not excuse
the honorable Senator, because one of the most
astute Senators here, who objects to the bill, sits
side by side with my friend from Alabama; and
he is utterly opposed to allowing this principle in
the Territories, but desires to confine it to the
States. There they sit side by side. The Sen-
ator from Alabama says that the distinction is
very great; that I might apply it to the Territories,
' but yet ought not to apply it to the States. The
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Adams] has an
amendment to offer, confining it to the States and
excepting the Territories. The general power,
if it exists at all, exists over the public lands,
-whether in the States or in the Territories; for the
jurisdiction of the Federal Govern mentis the same
over the lands in the States as over the lands m
the Territories.
But, sir, I confess I know that the difficulty in
the minds of eome of my friends is, that they do
not like this proposition because they prefer a gen-
eral distribution among the States; for they say it
is more equal and just. Very well, sir, I concur
•with them. If I could get a distribution of the
public lands among all the States according to
their Federal representation and population, I
should vote for it with pleasure over this or any
other proposition; but it must be obvious to you,
sir, and to every other Senator, that the thing is
■wholly impracticable; and if the Congress of the
United States were disposed to pass that measure,
■which they are not, still weare assured and know,
if we can trust anything that the Executive has
said, that it would not receive his sanction. Then
if we cannot get that policy which commends it-
self most to our admiration and judgment, shall
we rtject that which approaches nearest to it? I
think not; and that is enough to control my ac-
tion.
As to the policy and justice of this measure,
Mr. President, I have a few words to say, and
then I shall have done. I think gentlemen have
drawn very largely upon their imagination, and
have stated most ultra cases of injustice in this
matter. The Senator from South Carolina, [Mr.
Butler,] with that peculiar tact and pungency of
his, which is keener than any stiletto that I have
ever seen, holds up the enoimity of this bill by
saying, why, sir, if it passes, the men who de-
serted' from your Army—the men who deserted
on the field of Churubusco, and warred upon their
own friends, may comeand avail themselves of its
benefits. I submit to the Senator if it is a fair
mode of warfare against a measure of this charac-
ter, to state a possibility and make that possibility
aground of objection to thepassageof the measure?
While he states that possibility, how many thou-
sands and tens of thousands of good, just, virtu-
ous, honorable men, can be found in the United
States, who, by misfortune or improvidence, if you
please, or from some other cause, have not the
means of subsistence, or the ground on which to
stand and claim as their own; how many hun-
dreds of honest, but poor, men are to be found
within the limits of the State of that honorable
Senator, who have not the means of purchasing
a homestead,but whoarehonorable.andpatriotic,
and devoted to the best interests of the country'
They would get the benefits of this bill; but
because some scoundrel may come in and avail
himself of it, the Senator will not give it to them,
i am not willing to deny the benefits that this law
proposes to confer on its beneficiaries because
some unworthy individual may avail himself of
it. The thousands and tens of thousands of our
own hardy, poor, but honest countrymen, are to
be denied the privilege of occupying and owning a
homestead, for fear that some scoundrel or refugee
may avail himself of its benefits. You punish
your own thousands for fear it may be enjoyed
by a few not worthy of its benefits.
Senators, when assailing the measure, ask, are
you going to giveaway the pubhclands? If you
want me to answer categorically, and it will afford
an additional argument, I answer, I am willing to
give them away. I voted to give away ten mil-
lions of acres the other day. They say that was
a different matter. I am willing to give them to
any purpose that looks to the advancement of the
interests of the country or to the benefit of society,
whether it be to the indigent insane, or the land-
less poor, or to any American citizen who will go
and settle upon and cultivate them. That is my
principle, it is no gilt; it is no donation. The
Government receives a valuable consideration for
it. You give them to the soldier who fought the
battles of the country, and a more just, humane,
beneficient law never was conceived; but it is no
more just, humane, or beneficent than this. You
say the consideration for giving to the soldier was
his having fought the battles ofnhe country. 1
admit it; but the man who goes and encounters
the hardships of a frontier settlement to open up
the avenues of civilization, does as much for the |
country as the one who fights your battles. I I
have never been a pioneer, but I have seen some-
thing of the life of one, and, in my judgment, the
man who is willing to brave the terrors of the
wilderness is as much a soldier as he who bears
the musket, and is as much entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government as the man who fights the
battles of the country. *
With these views, I shall give the measure my
support. 1 leave other gentlemen to take their
own course; but at the same time, while they are
making war upon it, I want them to come upand
deny the power to pass it. Show me that we
: have not the power to do it, and X will abandon
it. If we have the power, does it do injustice to
anybody? Because you do not choose to go there,
will you deny the privilege to me? If you have
a few broad acres on one side, and do not choose
to go to the wilderness and taite one hundred and
sixty acres, and if, by misfortune, I am not able
to stay where I am, in the name of justice let me
go and settle upon, and cultivate, pubhclands, and
bring wealth to the country by increasing its gen-
eral prosperity. _
Mr. CLAYTON. It seems that the chief ob-
ject of the honorable Senator from Tennessee, in
addressing the Senate, was to produce, by way of
authority against the Senate itself, an act which
passed this session, in which a clause is contained
granting for a limited period, (four years only,)
the right to all persons, whether citizens or not,
to enter one hundred and sixty acres of the public
lands in New Mexico, Kansas, and Nebraska.
I Now, sir, the effect of the precedent which the
honorable Senator has cited, is not felt to be quite
so crushing as he seemed to hope. It has really
no bearing upon the question in this case. It has
no authority, even if the Senate had acted^ with
full consideration of it at the time, because it was
but a grant for four years to settlers in the wilds of \
an unexplored region; but the fact is, that it was,
as the Clerk at the table states, reported on one
day, read by its title, and passed by the Senate
without any debate or consideration.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think the Sen-
ator is mistaken. June 19,1854, it was read twice
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON. Of course it was read, but
it was only read by its title; it does not appear to
have ever been read otherwise than by its title.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
had been apprised that there was a pro vision in it
granting temporarily, to all aliens, the right to go
into the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas—-——
Mr. ATCHISON, (Mr. Walker in the chair',)
It does not give the right to aliens in Kansas and
Nebraska. It confines it to New Mexico.
Mr DODGE, of Iowa. I beg leave to inter- .
rupt the Senator from Delaware. I presume he
wishes to be correct in all the statements which
he makes. I am sure he does.111 have bad some
participation in this matter; and, therefore, I ask
him and the Senate to hear me in relation to it; I
hold in my hand. Senate bill No- 220, a -" bill
to establish the office of surveyor general of New
Mexico, to grant donations to actual settlers there-
on, and for other purposes;" introduced by Mr.
Shields, of Illinois, February 20, 1854, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands. The
Journals show that it was reported back by my-
self from the Committee on Public Lands, the 29th
of March, 1854, with an amendment, furnished
by the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
to whom it was sent in pursuance of an order of
the committee. That amendment is printed-in
italics, and is intended as a substitute for the ori-
ginal bill. It was passed, as the Journal of the
Senate will show, on the 20th day of April of the
present year, and sent to the House of Represent-
atives, with the provisions making grants to the
people of New Mexico, similar to those which had
been made to the early settlers in Oregon. The
territorial business came up in the House of Rep-
resentatives before this bill was reported from the
comiTnttee there; and the House passed a bill of
its own of a precisely similar character, reported
by its own Committee on Public Lands. That
bill came from the House, was referred on the
19th of June last to the Committee on Public
Lands of the Senate. On the 1st of July, it was
reported back to the Senate and passed. The
House bill granting lands to settlers and occupants
in New Mexico, was amended in that body, when
on its passage, by having some sections added,
providing for a surveyor general's office and two
land offices for Kansasand Nebraska. When the_
Senate's bill No. 220 passed this body, on the 20th
of April last, the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] interrogated me from his seat, through
the President, respecting its provisions. I replied
that the grants to actual settlers were precisely
those which had been made in Oregon. The Sen-
ator from Virginia will recollect it well, I am sure.
Mr. CLAYTON. I understand the Senator's
explanation; but this bill was, by the testimony of
all around me, never found or observed to contain
this provision when it passed,-and it is not now
to be found on our files. It makes donations to
aliens, temporarily, only in New Mexico,'but
the preemption privilege is extended to them in
Kansas and Nebraska, and if the attention of the
Senate had been drawn to it they would have
observed that there was some object in thus draw-
ing aliens into Kansas and Nebraska, But I
des:re to show the distinction between this meas-
ure and that. We propose here to strike out the
sixth section of the homestead bill, which grants
to persons not naturalized the right to enter upon
and occupy and obtain patents at the end of five
years, to one hundred and sixty acres of land.
;'l That is a permanent, not a temporary provision:
i; there is no limitation upon it. In the bill-which
iyj.!. UOi u^   —-  --■ there is no limitation upon
permit me to state something m reference to this ij the Senator produces he will find the provision is
matter. The bill to which he is referring, and ,j temporary:
hich seems to have come with some surprise
upon the honorable Senator, is precisely conform- I
able to other bills. A similar one was reported j
for Oregon. i
Mr. CLAYTON. I am aware of that, and I
was not at all surprised. There is nothing in it of j
any consequence to the question before us.
Mr. SHIELDS. So m regard to California.
Mr. GWIN. Not California; we never got
that. We tried to get it; but could not, because
we happened to be a State.
Mr. SHIELDS. At all events it passed this
body, for I reported the bill; and at that time, 1
will state to the honorable Senator, no question
arose as to the power of Congress to make these
grants to the Territories. 3"his is the same with
other bills.
Mr. CLAYTON. Aft to the question of power
that is not now the question 1 have proposed for
discussion; but, in regard to this bill, does any
man believfe that if the Senate of the United States
And to every white male citizen of the United Ptates,
or every while male above the age of twenty-one years,
who has declared his intention to become a citizen, and
who shall have removed or shall remove to and settle in
said Territory, between the first day of January, 1653, and
the first day of January, 1858, there t-haH in like manner be
donated one quarter section, or one hundred and MXty
acres on condition of actual settlement and cultivation for
not less than four years."
By this provision the alien settler cannot enter
unless he has declared his intention before the act.
I can very well conceive that itmi^htbe policy,
in the judgment of many Senators, to extend this
privilege to persons who were about to settle the
wild Territories of New Mexico, Nebraska, and
Kansas, but who would not listen to the proposi-
tion when you attempt to extend it to the States.
The bill now before us proposes to grant the
right in the States as well as m the Territories.
The questions as to the power and expediency
differ entirely in regard to this matter, and the
Senate might, if they had passed that measure,
