1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
expression " forcible seizure" directly the re-
verse of " molliter manus imposuitand to say
that the commander of the Austrian ship, who
was at the time the representative of the Austrian
Government, with his hired body of men, who
seized the Hungarian refugee and forced him ftom
neutral territory on board the Huwar, did not go
lip to Ivoszta and say to him, " We desire you to
coine on board of this ship," but that they com-
mitted the outrage il vi et armisu—with force
and arms—not m the technical sense of the term,
but in its fullest meaning and significance.
Now, sir, I will answer the other criticism of
the gentleman, and that is in reference to whether
we mean that he was seized on board of the ship
Xluzzar. We did not design, in this resolution,
to go on and give the whole history of the affair.
That history was known to every man who reads
the English, or any other language. The original
seizure being forcible, and Kostza being carried
on board the ship, the seizure continued to be
forcible and illegal, as larceny in one country is
larceny in every country into which the thing
stolen is carried. It was proper, therefoie, that
it should be put in this languge, and is far more
expressive than a detailed statement of the whole
transaction.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire, as one of the com-
mittee, and as a member of this House, to say
here, in my place, distinctly and unequivocally,
that the object of this resolution is not merely
to pay a personal compliment to Captain Ingra-
ham. That, of course, is included in it. But,
sir, the compliment has been paid by the united
voice of the world. It has already been paid, not
only by this Government, but by the freemen of
every Government, and by the liberal press all
over Europe. Cut if we pass this resolution,
as I trust we shall, we are going to do far moie.
We are going to declare that we, the representatives
of the people of his country, approve of the act
m the light of all its surrounding circumstances.
It is the attending circumstances which give char-
acter to every transaction, and not the act itself.
Killing is felonious, excusable, justifiable, or it
may be praiseworthy—depending upon the cir-
cumstances under which it occurred—so that we,
if we make this declaration, do it now, that we
know the circumstances which invest and give
importance and character to the act.
And the compliment which is conveyed is merely
an incident, while the declaration of principle is
the object for which the resolution was intro-
duced, and for which, if passed at all, it should be i
adopted. And I must dissent from theiemaik !'
which has been made during this debate, that this; l!
is not the place to enunciate principles. So did !
not the signers of the Declaration of Independence i
think. Cut they, m Congress assembled, pio- I
claimed their principles; and we, hy passing tins
resolution, will announce and affirm a pniKiple ]
of vital importance. As a member of the great 1
family of nations, it is our duty, as wtll as i
our right, to take part in the settlement of (pies- ['
tions which concern us; and in these matters our j
power, our intelligence, and progress, allow and i1
require us to take an elevated position. We |
have, in fact, the power to take our own position; i'
and it is time, high time, that we should have ,
something to say in reference to international ]'
law, and "that in the discussion and settlement of j,
these questions, we should consult reason, justice, ;
and humanity, rather than the musty nodes of .
worn-out de>potisms. We have declared new I'
pnnciples in our system of Government—prinri- j
pies vitally affecting the rights of individuals, as j
distinguished from the State; and it is proper that i'
those pnnciples should be carried out to their re- ]■
suits. And now I will state w hat I understand by
this resolution. !'
I understand the first resolution—anrtthot, of|
course, is the one which contains the whole decla- j
ration of principles—to contain three distinct propo- ;
sitions. The first is, the right of an individual to !
expatriate himself, the right of a man to choose !
his own place of residence, irrespective of the acci- 1
dent of birth, and a distinct denial of the right of 1
a Prince to track his subject into foreign countties j
and there claim jurisdiction over him. The second i
proposition is, the right of this Government to !
afford protection to such persons as choose to j
come hen*, and adopt tins country as their place
of residence. The thud proposition is, the ap- !
proval by Congress of the act of Captain Ingra-;
155
ham, and the act of our Government in sustaining
lam. If there is any man m this House who is
not prepared to take this new step, who is not
now ready to assume this position,! trust that lie
will vote against these resolutions. I undeistand
them to sustain these three distinct propositions;
and I believe the time has come when we should,
and when we must, concur m these principles.
The Executive branch of the Government has
already done so in the letter of Secretary Marcy,
which has so often been referred to—a letter which,
let me say, is destined to an immortality equal to
the Declaration of Independence, or Magna Charta,
if it is not sacrilegious to compare anything to the
Declaration of Independence. This letter, sir, is
another Magna Charta—one that has long been
needed—a Magna Charta for adopted citizens.
It cannot be mappropi iate for me to allude here
to a fact in our past history. The war of 18152
was declared and fought for the assertion of these
great principles. Our merchant vessels were forci-
bly entered and searched, to take from them na-
tives of Great Britain who were engaged on board
them; and m the exercise of this pietended right,
two thousand American-born citizens had been
impressed, and were in the service of Great 13i itam
at the time of the declaration of war; and after
fighting two years, a treaty of peace was concluded,
in which theie was no distinct abandonment of
tins right on the part of England. As we have
increased m strength, and as public, opinion has
exerted its force upon the legislation and the diplo-
macy of the country, one thing after another has
occurred which has enabled this Government to
asseit the rights of our citizens abroad, and at last,
in the harbor of Smyrna, itwns the good fortune
of Captain Ingraham to be able again to assert and
vindicate them.
i\i r. M ILLvSON. It seems to me that the friends
of this resolution unnecessarily create prejudice
against it, by attributing to the letter of the Sec-
retary of .State a position which he never meant
to assume. My friend fiom New York has just
told us that the position taken by the Secretaiy of
State m his letter, was one novel and hitherto un-
known in international histoi y. Now, I wish vei y
briefly to call his attention to a paragraph in that
letter, in which I think he will discover that the
Secietaiy did not i egard his position as atall novel
or unknown, lie say«:
" Tim vindication of the>-e auenN not plarnd upon nny
pnru iple m w to tin- intei national rode, oi unknown in (tie
ptaetire oi enlightened nations The-e nation^ do not
it' Hiate. til (he < \< i' !-!• o! tin n<ditol pton < lion, to extend
it to prwujs (hoi alwujv subject** urcoidniii to their tmint
t ip.il law-) u ho arc (loilicd with then naiionahiv; and m
-ome in-ianee- tney hu\ e eat ned thi-v roi protec inm to
limit- wlnrli tfu,- (.'ovenm-eni would not v nunc, i>< e.uw
it would not led pMilicd, to a|ipmaeb ; nor ha\e any oi
thc.-c nation- horn di>po-ed to abandon tin exeiet-e oi tin-
ittliir liom a linini app.riieiiMon that u rmylU po-i-il>ly hinifr
them into .in nrra-iuiial collision With olliei ['own-.'5
I will r.ot take up the time of the gentleman from
New Yoi k, by reading further, but will content]1
myself by declaring that this letter of Secretary li
Marcy has been very oiten entirely misundei- j
s'ood m relation to this point. Mr. Marry never |
said that the Government of the United States j
were bound to piotect Alaitin Kozsta, but in j
twenty instances he lias said that they had the j
right to piotect him; and in saying this, he ex- '
pressly says that he asserts a principle not new
to the mUrnationai code. And the whole experi- i
ence of the present day justifies him in sa'ymg it. j
At this very moment it is a question under con-
sideration by England and Fiance whether they j
shall not interpose, in the exercise of their sove- \
reign discretion, for the protection of the Sultan ot |
Tuikey. Yet no gentleman will pretend that the j
Sultan is o citizen ol either Power, or that there is
any obligation resting upon them, except in their
own discretion, to afford him any sucn protection.
Mr. PAItKEfi. 1 ask the gentleman from 1
New Yoik to ailow me for a moment. ;
Mr. DEAN, flow long does the gentleman
want to talk 2
Mr. PARKER. Only a moment. I think the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. MillsoxJ is labor-
ing under a mistake.
Mr. DEAN, I must interrupt the gentleman.
I prefer to answer the gentleman from Virginia
myself. _
"Mr, PARKER. Will the gentleman allow me
to quote a single sentence fiom the letter of the
Se< retary of State :
j Mr. DEAN. Well, I will hear the quotation.
Air. PARKER. The Secretary says:
■ ^Thisnaiitto protect prions having a domicile, though not
native horn or nauiialized citizens lots on the firm found-
ation of ju-tu'c, and the claim ro l>e protected is earned by
eoiwdeianons which the piotecting power is not at liberty
I todi^e ard."
; I think this is conclusive upon this point.
1 Mr. DEAN. I had the letter of the Secretary
I open at that precise point, and was about to read,
i in reply to my friend from Virginia, in reference
! to one misunderstanding of the position of the
| Secretary of State. I had not intended to do it;
' but, inasmuch as the gentleman from Virginia has
, called attention to the point, I desire also to rail
I attention to what he does say upon this subject,
i and to what I regard as American law m relation
I to naturalized citizens, and the duty of the Gov-
j ernmentto protect those citizens; and not only to
' protect them, but also those who have come to
our shores, under the invitation of the Govern-
ment, to become citizens. The clause to which I
allude is this:
Whenever, hy the operation of the law of nation's, an
individual becomes clothed with oui national character, be
he a native-born oj natUMlued citizen, an exile driven tioru
his r.uly home hy political oppression, oi an emigrant en-
ticed from it hv the hones of a better foitune for lumselfand
litfj posterity, lie can claim the protection of this Govern-
ment, and it may respond to that claim without being
obliged to explain it- eonduet to any foreign Power; for it
is its duty to make its nationality lespeeted hy other nation:?,
and respectable in every <]uaitet of the globe."
Now, sir, in that part of the Secretary's letter
| is contained the ground upon which I plant myself
! for the justification of Captain Ingraham's eon-
j duct; and upon that ground it can be justified,
: notwithstanding the principle always claimed by
I England, that '• once a subject, always a subject.*'
; My colleague from New York [Mr. Maurice.]
| refers me to another place, m which the Secretary
■ puts it upon the ground of domicile—that upon
! that ground Martin Kosyta had a right to claim
; protection, and the Government had a right to
; extend it to him. The Secretary, as I under-
| stand it, puts it upon three distinct grounds,
! which I will not now reiterate, and domicile is one
i of them.
I Now, sir, the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
j in preparing tins resolution, decided that they
j would leave the argument with the State Depart-
1 ment; that we would report the resolution with-
out giving our reasons for it. In lendermg a
veidict, a jury simply finds "guilty " or " not
guilty;" they do not give their realms for that
veidict. The sunouutlingcircumstances must be
1 taken into consideiatton: and so it is with re:rard to
| this lesolution. The thud proposition, which I
suppose is included in this resolution, is an in-
dorsement of the act of Captain Ingtahcim in full,
i and of tlie actum of the Government in approving
| that act.
( And now, sir, at this precise point, I wish to
! correct a misapprehension that lias gone abroad in
, reference to the conduct of the Government on
i this question. It has been ertoneously stated, in
: the public press, that the Government did not at
, fnstappinve the conduct of Captain Ingraham;
that the Government doubted and hesitated; and
that it was not until they felt, the beating of the
,■ popular pulse that the President and his Cabinet
! came up to the mark and approved of Captain In-
: graham's conduct. That is an entire mistake,
. The letter of Captain Ingraham, givingan account
1 of the transactions in the Bay o( Smyrna,arrived
i here about the 19th of August, and immediately
i the Secretary of the Navy addressed an answer
1 to him, in which he said that the Government ap-
1 pioved his prompt and judicious conduct. The
; next day the Secretary of State corresponded with
our diplomatic agents at Smyrna and at Constan-
tinople, unconditionally approving the act without
giving the reasons for that approval. Suhse-
1 quently, and *frer the protest of the three Powers-—■
Uusstd, Prussia, and Austria—and the letter of
! Mr. Ehilsemann, the Secretary of State came oat
I and gave the reasons which justified the conduct
''of Captain Ingiaharn, and why the Government
appioved it.
P The Government never for a moment held back
i or hesitated about the matter, and when gentle-
men sav that this is a question of doubtful pro-
] pnetv, i tell them that upon that point the Ad-
p mimstiation take ishite with them, and for the
verdict appeal to the counti y. 1 hat there may be
II no misapprehension, and that no one may vote for
ii this resolution ignorant of the facts, what did
