868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
to the Columbia river, on the 1st of June, 1836,
Mr. Slacum provided himself with mules, provis-
ions, and servants, to perform the land journey to I
Oregon; but owing to the dnliculties and dangers
of the route at that season of the year, (especially
the scarcity of water,) he was obliged to abandon
it, and proceed by sea, via the Sandwich Islands.
The expenses attending these preparations, loss
on resale of mules, &c., and pay of servants,
amounting to the sum of $135,make the first item
of his claim, which the committee think is reason-
able, and ought to be allowed.
The second and third items are for freight and
insurance paid by Mr.Slacum on $3,000 in specie,
of his own funds, conveyed with him to pay his
expenses, and all of which was devoted to the use
of the United States; and for interest on $3,231 of
his own funds, paid by him in expenses incurred
solely for the use of the Government, as admitted
in the settlement of his accounts at the Treasury
Department. The interest claimed is on this
amount from the time he ho applied it till it was
repaid to him at the settlement of his accounts,
npon his return to this city. These items together
amount to the sum of $380, which the committee
think ought to be allowed.
The item claimed for expenses of servant from
Mexico to this city, the committee think ought
not to be allowed, because they believe Mr. Sla-
cum could have dispensed with his services.
The item claiming the amount distributed in
presents to Indians and others, for facilities in aid
of his duties, the committee think is reasonable,
and ought to be allowed; it amounts to $198.
The memorialist also prays such compensation
for his services as Congress may deem them to
merit. Although no remuneration for services was
promised to Mr. Slacum by the President, yet it
is reasonable and just that some compensation
should be allowed on this account. Mr. Slacum
appears to have performed his mission with dis-
patch and fidelity. It was a duty attended with
much privation, exposure, and peril; it was per-
formed during the most inclement season; and it
was fruitful of mtfch valuable information to this
Government, and of great benefit to our citizens
inhabiting that Territory.
iVlr. BAYARD objected to the consideration of
the bill; and it was passed over.
PRACTICAL ANESTHESIA.
Mr. EVERETT. The bill to recompense- the
discoverer of practical ariajsthesiahas been passed
over by the Chair. Is it not a private bill?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is a bill
which will undoubtedly lead to discussion. The
Chair will, however, announce it to the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let it pass over.
ALEXANDER. LEA.
The bill for the relief of Alexander Lea, reported
from the ^Committee on Commerce, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It directs the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury to pay to Alexander .Lea the sum of
$1,500, being for losses sustained by him in the
destruction of the light-house on Chandeleur
Island, in August, 1852, as light-keeper, if itshall
be made to appear, to the satisfaction of the ac-
counting officers, that he sustained losses to that
amount; or to pay such part as may he made so
to appear.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
GIDEON HOTCHKISS.
The bill for the relief of Gideon Hotchkiss, re-
ported from the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office, was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
The bill revives the letters patent granted to
Gideon Hotchkiss, a citizen of the United States, }
on the 9th of January, 1837, for" a new and use-
ful improvement m the construction of reacting
water-wheels and their appendages," for the term
of fourteen years from the 30th of November,
1836, and extends it for and during the term of
seven years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
FRANCISCO LOPE URRIZA.
The bill for the relief of Francisco LopeUrriza,
reported from the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, was read a secoed time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
By tins bill the Secretary of the Treasury will
be diiected to pay to Francisco Lope Urriza,
$10,200 as full compensation for the value of the
schooner Julia, improperly seized while lying at
La Paz on the 18lh of September, 1846, by Com-
mander S. F. Dupont of the United States Navy.
Mr. STUART objected to the bill; and it was
passed over.
DUSUAN BE LA CROIX.
The bill to confirm the claim of Dusuan de la
Croix to a tract of land therein mentioned, re-
ported from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
in the supplemental report of the register and
receiver at Jackson court-house, dated December
29, 1820, communicated to the Senate February
23, 1821, it is stated that claim number four,
in said report, was, " inadvertently omitted in
the general report," made on the 11th of July,
1S20, and presented to the Senate the 17th of No-
vember, same year; and it is considered by the
Commissioner of the General LandOlF.ee that by
reason of that omission, the claim is not entitled
to the confirmation contained in the act of May
8, 1822, confnming the geneial report of 1820.
But by this bill it is proposed to confirm the claim
to Dusuan de la Croix, his legal representatives
and assigns, accoiding to the Spanish smvey re-
ferred to in the claim, as fully us if the claim had
been confirmed by the act of 1822; but this grant
and confirmation are only to amount to a relin-
quishment, on the part of the United States, of
all its right and title to the lot of land thus granted
and confirmed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
JEMISON AND WILLIAMSON.
The bill for the relief of Robert Jemison and
Benjamin Williamson, reported from the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
By tins bill the Postmaster General will be au-
thorised to cause to be paid to Robert Jemison and
Benjamin Williamson the same amount of remu-
neration for carrying the United States mail during
twenty-six weeks, in the year 1836, on route 2,606,
from Selma to Elyton, Alabama, as the original
contractors for that route would have been enti-
tled to receive under the terms of their contract.
The claimants were mail contractors, in 1836,
to curry the United States mail on route 2656,
from Montgomery, via Selma, to Tuscaloosa,.and
in consequence of disturbances with the Creek
Indians were required to carry mails not belong-
ing to their contract. Owing to failure of the con-
tractors on route 2696, from Selma to Elyton, they
were also obliged to carry the mail over said route,
for which they never had contracted. At the sec-
ond session of the Twenty-Fifth Congress, a law
was passed authorizing the Postmaster General to
cause to be paid to them, as they supposed at the
time, the value of all of the extra service thus
performed; but that officer, in acting under that
law, felt himself constrained, by its terms, to re-
strict the allowance to the extra services imposed
by the Creek disturbances only. The claimants
now ask Congress to pass a law allowing: them,
in addition to the compensation already granted,
the remuneration to which the original contractors
from Selma to Elyton would have been entitled,
during the same time, had they continued to com-
ply with their contract.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. FI 'I' Z PAT RICK. One of the gentlemen
named in that bill, Mr. Williamson, is dead; and
I therefore move to amend it by inserting before
"Benjamin Williamson" the words "the legal
representatives of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed, and
its title amended so as to read: "A bill for the
lelief of Robert Jemison, and the legal representa-
tives of Benjamin Williamson."
ALMANZON HUSTON.
The bill for the relief of Almanzon Huston, re-
ported from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Postmaster General to examine
the claims of Almanzon Huston for additional
compensation for carrying the mail from Sabine-
town to the city of Houston, and from Huntsville
to Washington, in the State of Texas, and to make
such allowance as he may deem just and equitable.
Huston, in October, 1848, became the sub-con-
tractor, under R. W. Martin, to carry the mail
from Sabmetown to San Augustine, in the State
of Texas, m two-horse post coaches, (adistance of
twenty-eight miles,) at an annual compensation of
$575* About the same time he became a sub-con-
tiactor, under G. W. Grant, to carry the mails
fr<*m San Augustine to the city of Houston, a
distance of upwards of two hundred miles, in
two-horse coaches, and a horse mail from Hunts-
ville to Washington, about seventy-five miles,
for the annual compensation of $5,100. Soon
afterwards the service from Huntsville to Wash-
ington was increased to two-horse coach service,
and an additional allowance was^madeto him by
the Postmaster General of $750; an increase of
speed was also ordered, from seven to five days,
on the lines, for which an additional allowance of
ยง500 was made. It appears that the mails in-
creased so much in weight that he was compelled,
in November, 1848, to place four-horse coaches
upon the lines. It is also shown that, during the
past winter, the roads have been unusually bad,
and, in consequence of high waters, the expenses
for ferriages have been much increased.
The whole allowance to Huston, including the
additional compensation, was $6,925, The con-
tracts which have just been made for carrying the
mails upon the same routes amount, in the aggre-
gate, to $16,290. The memorialist, under these
circumstances, prays that an additional allowance
may be made to him by Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THE GENERAL ARMSTRONG CASE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is one for the relief of the claim-
ants of the private armed brig General Armstrong.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that bill had better be
laid aside.
Mr. SLIDELL.
report in the case?
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. SLIDELL.
Has the Senator read the
I have not.
I hope the Senator will allow
the repoit to be read.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that
being done.
P4r. SLIDELL. It is not necessary to read
| the whole of the report, but only the last two or
[ three pages, which contain a recapitulation of the
i testimony and facts of the case.
j The Secretary proceeded to read the part of the
j report indicated; but, before concluding 
j Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that we are
; taking up time unnecessarily. 1 think a bill of
i this importance ought not to be passed at this
I time.
] The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
{ be passed over.
I ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
i A message from the House of Representatives
; was received, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, an-
nouncing that the Speaker had signed an enrolled
bill for the relief of Harriet Leavenworth, widow of
i the late Brevet Brigadier General Leavenworth,
i The President then signed the bill.'
j MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
I A message was received from the President of
j the United States, by Mr. Webster, his Private
| Secretary, announcing that he had approved and
signed the joint resolution authorizing the Secre-
! tary of the Treasury to pay the expenses of cod-
, lfying and revising the revenue laws.
i Also, an act for the benefit of the citizens and
i occupants of the town of Council Bluffs, in Iowa.
j MARK AND RICHARD H. BEAN,
j The bill for the relief of Mark Bean and Rich-
, ard H. Bean, of Arkansas, reported from theCom-
, mitteeon Public Lands, was read a second time,
| and considered as in Committeeof the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Treasury
! to pay to Mark and Richard H. Bean $15,000, as
