1724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 13,
even after due consideration, with perfect consist-
ency, refuse to adopt the sixth section in the bill
now before us. There are insurmountable objec-
tions to making the same grant in utter disregard
of the rights of the S'atesor their laws on the sub-
ject of holding real estate. By this homestead bill
there is no power which can turn an alien out of
the land while he lives, should he refuse to be-
come naturalized for forty years or more. The
alien is to hold the land within the limits of the
" land States," and he cannot be ejected from it.
Besides, he is to hold it exempt from the payment
of any debts he may have contracted while he is
upon it without a patept.
But, Mr. President, I throw this out of the way,
and come to the question as it stood before the
honorable Senator from Tennessee addressed the
Senate ; and I beg now to make a very few re-
marks m reply to some of those who have occu-
pied the attention of the Senate for the last two
• or three days. The Senator from Ohio, [Mr.
Wade], this morning told us, in reply to what
had been said by somegentlemen entertaining the
same opinions 1 do in reference to this bill, that
none but the industrious are invited and expected
to go and live under this homestead sysrem. The
loafers, he said, would not go ; such men would
never be found there, he thought. Why, sir, the
Senator has entirely mistaken, I humbly appre-
hend, the whole character of the bill. If there
was ever a bill inviting loafers and idlers, it is this.
It provides that any man may go and take up one
hundred and sixty acres—on what conditions? If
he makes it appear that he has not abandoned
his settlement for more than six months, at any
"one time, he is, after the end of five years, enti-
tled to a patent.
Mr. WADE. I did not suppose that loafers
and idlers would go there and entitle themselves
to the land; but supposed loafer or an idiershould
go into the wilderness and comply with the pro-
visions of the bill, would you not grant him the
same rights with others5
Mr. OLA.YTON. We should be pleased to
get rid of them all in the old States; but we would
not offer them a premium for their Jaziness.
Now, the fifth section of the bill provides :
" That if, at any time after filing the alii davit as inquired
ifi ihe second faction ot (his act, ami before tin: expiranon
of tlifi live yimih aforesaid, it ^hall !m; proven, a!u*r due
■notice J" the setllei, to the Mit ^faction of the i coster of the
land office, that the person h.ivinir tiled snob affidavit shall
liave actually ehAiim d his or hei residence, or abandoned
the said entry Joe more thuii <,tx month s at any time, then,
ami m Unit event, the hunt v<> entered shall levert hack to
the Government, and be di-poscd of as other public hinds
are now by law, subject lo an appeal to the General Land
Office."
Well, then, if a man goes upon the land, makes
his entry,and remains there and settles one week
or one day, and is absent five months and twen-
ty days, and goes back and settles another week
or day, and is absent another five months and
twenty days, he will thus acquire, by this bill, the
title to the land, although, in reality, he may not
have had possession of it for six weeks during the
whole time prescribed by the bill. Is there any
doubt about that construction ? He is at liberty
to be absent at any time for a period short of six
months, and then go back and settle upon the
land for a day or a week, and proceed to its culti-
vation by planting a few tomatoes, or something
that will grow in spite of shade and weeds, and
then he will be set down as the owner of the land.
If that is not a reward for idleness, I do not know
what would be.
Mr. President, this bill invites not only idlers,
but all of every class. The felon convicted of
any crime in any of the States of this Union may
go and take up one hundred and sixty acres of the
public land under the bill. The honorable Sen-
ator said we did not object to the bill except be-
cause unworthy emigrants from Europe might
come and settle upon "these lands, I beg him not
to misunderstand us. We have objected to this
mode of settling the Territories of the United
States, because the measure invites the very worst
characters to enjoy the benefits of it, and offers
them a premium when they have escaped from the
old States, to go and settle upon the public lands.
Mr. President, the honorable Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] as well as the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] have indulged themselves
at the expense of the American population of the
country, by telling us that the canals and railroads
in th$ United States have been built by aliens. I i
know aliens have often been employed on the rail-
roads and canals; but thousands, and perha'ps
hundredsof thousands of native Americans, have
also been employed upon them. And who is u
that is entitled to the merit of making these roads
or canals? It is not merely the laborer. Who
are the men that paid for the labor, both of the
native and foreign population, and took the hazard
of their success or failure ? They have been in
every instance American citizens, and not foreign
emigrants. The honorable Senators mightas well
claim the exclusive honor to the negroes w ho have
built a great many of the canals and roads, and
for the horses and oxen that have assisted m
making them. Sir, our works of internal im-
provement were built by our own countrymen;
and every foreigner who put a spade rn the ground
was paid for his labor, and paid well. 1 have no
statistics m my hand to enable me to speak of the
relative proportions of labor performed on such
works by Americans and foreigners; but I have
seen canals and railroads made, and I have gen-
erally seen upon them a large majority of native
Americans engaged at woik, and "sometimes a
great many foreigners too, who could find no
other employment in which their labor was so
well remunerated.
So, too, sir, we have had it intimated to us in
the debate that we should hardly have achieved
our independence in the revc^utionary war if it
had not been for the foreigners who fought our
battles. Why, really, this is most surprising
intelligence. 1 think one gentleman said it was
doubtful whether we should have been enabled to
achieve our independence but for the valor of the
foreigners who fought for us. I am ready to ac-
knowledge, and always glad to acknowledge, the
assistance that we obtained from the gallant for-
eigners who came to our aid in the revolutionary
war, in our last war with England, and m our
war with Mexico. A bright example is before
me whenever 1 reflect, in my place here, on that
subject. No man is more disposed to do justice
to my honorable friend from Illinois [Mr. Shields]
than I am; and to men who shed their blood as
he did, nobly in defense of this country, no man
can be more truly grateful than I am. But, sir,
it is degrading to the Ametican name, and it is
untrue m fact, to tell us that we owe our inde-
pendence to foreigners, or to insinuate that the
true native American is inferior, either in courage,
or the higher moral qualities, to the foieigner.
1 am not one of those who persecute foreigners.
I never shall do it. 1 am no bigot; no sectarian.
1 seek to persecute no man for his religion or
his opinions. But I am resolved that no others
Khali ever, by my vote or influence, be placed in
any position where they can persecute me or my
friends, or deny us either civil or religious lib-
erty. 1 have heaid, during the progress of this
debate, some things uttered to the disparagement
of a poitiou of the American population, which
can have but a very unfortunate effect, in my
opinion. 1 was asked by my honorable friend
from iowa [Mr. Doduk] whether, in my judg-
ment, the naturalization laws should be repealed?
Why, sir, I have never been the advocate of the
repeal of the naturalization laws; but let me
tell him, and others here who have engaged in
this debate, that any remarks which can be, by
possibility, construed into a disparagement of the
native American population of this country, when
compared with the foreign population now pouring
like a mighty Hood into this country, are calcu-
lated to create parties that have been unknown be-
fore; and remarks of that description made on the
floor of the Senate in one day's debate, will create
an addition of one hundred thousand to the num-
ber of those who have been denominated, by
some gentlemen, as " Know-Nothings."
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. CLAYTON. Ceitainly.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I ask him, then, to
name that Senator who instituted an invidious
comparison in favor of foreigners and against
Amer'cans. If he directly or indirectly alludes to
me as having made such an assertion, I deny it
m toto', and I must say for the Senate, that I
have heard no such imp^tMon made from any
portion of it.
Mr. CLAYTON. The Senators from New
York and Ohio will not so soon eat their words,
1 think. I did not charge the Senator from Iowa !
with having reflected on the American population;
but now that he has called my attention to the fact,
I will repeat one thing which he said, though I
have no unkind feeling to gratify in doing so. He
did say of certain American organizations in this
country, that they were "contemptible"—the
Know-Nothings," for instance, and the "Na-
tive Americans." I submit respectfully to my
honorable friend, now in his cooler moments,
whether they are to be considered as contemptible ?
f do not know myself what their principles are,
though the Senator from New York, without any
authority, has spoken of them; but one fact must
be apparent to everybody, and that is, that those
men who are called " Know-Nothings" have,
within a tew months past, actually carried nearly
every election in every American city where their
standard has been raised. I am perfectly ignorant
of what the real ends and objects of an association
so formidable may be; but I cannot conceive it
possible that an organization as extensive as that,
and as successful as it has been in every instance,
can, in any sense, be contemptible.
There is no country in the world half as liberal
as ours on the subject of naturalization. There
is at present a general disposition on the part of
the American Congress to admit foreigners to nat-
uralization upon such terms as are, in its judgment,
consistent with the American Constitution. There
is no disposition thatl have heard proclaimed here
to'repeal the law on this subject. But how is it
abroad? In England an American cannot, if he
wishes, obtain naturalization except by special
act of Parliament. He may, by letters patent
from the Crown, become a denizen; but having
thus been made a denizen, he is utterly incapable
of receiving a donation of Crown lands in any case.
That is a part of the law of England; but here
we all agree that the naturalized citizen shall re-
ceive donations of our lands upon the same terms
with the native citizen of the United States. None
of us object to that; but what we do object to is
this: that those who are not naturalized, those
who still owe allegiance to the Government of the
country from which they emigrated, should come
here and stand upon precisely the same footing
with an American, who was born in the country
and has arrived at full age. Under the provisions
of this bill, we agree to give foreigners one hun-
dred and sixty acres of land, if they will only go
immediately, after their arrival in the country, and
declare their intention to become citizens at a
future time; and there is no period limited in the
bill within which they must become naturalized,
or lose the title. At any period during life they
can become naturalized; and, in that case, they
are to be entitled to a farm. Then, sir, the simple
question before us is, are we ready to give to
every foreigner an equal share of the public do-
main with the citizens of the United States ?
Mr. President, this bill has undergone a very
desultory discussion. The honorable Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] charges those who
are opposed to it with having made a guerrilla
war upon it. Why, sir,all we have thusfardone
has been to propose an amendment to it. We
have proposed one amendment, and its friends, I
believe, have proposed two. The honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Chase] now proposes to
amend the sixth section, before the auestionisput
on the motion which I made to strike it out, by
allowing all foreigners, not only those here now,
but ail who shall come hereafter, the benefit'of
this act. He gives notice, and others give notice,
of othei propositions they intend to make.
We have opposed the bill, and announced our
opposition to it incidentally, in the debate on a
motion to amend it; but has there been anything
unfair in the opposition to the bill? Has there
been anything to which the most scrupulous
could object? We have not undertaken to defeat
the bill by any indirection. We attack it first in
a position where we think it is most censurable,
and seek to strike out that part. Then the effect
of striking out would certainly be to make the
bill, in our judgment, better than it was before;
and, on thatground, the honorableSenator should
at least pardon, if he cannot applaud us, for the
course we have adopted.
But, sir, in regard to the debate which has gone
on here for the last two or three days, it has been,
as I have said, desultory. No systematic, regu-
lar debate has been commenced yet by the oppo-
nents of the bill. The general features of it have
