1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
compensation and indemnity, in full, for losses
sustained by them in their removal, under the
third article of the treaty with the Cherokee In-
dians, of May 6,1828, by which they were forced
to abandon, not only the lands which they had
settled,cultivated, and improved,but an extensive
manufactory of salt, warehouses,dwelling houses,
and other large improvements, of which, and the
prospective advantages therefrom, they were thus
deprived by the act of the Government.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
THOMAS FRASER.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is House bill for the relief of
Thomas Fraser, which was referred to the Senate
Committee on Pensions,and the committee asked
to be discharged from its further consideration.
Mr. SLIDELL. Then let it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator as objecting to the con-
sidetation of the bill?
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand that the com-
mittee report adversely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The commit-
tee ask to be dischaiged from its further consider-
ation.
Mr. SLIDELL. I understand it to be an
adverse repoit; if so, let the bill go over.
Mr. HAMLIN subsequently said: I desire to
ask the Senate to consider the bill for the relief of
Thomas Fraser, which passed the House, and
from which the committee of the Senate ask to be
discharged without reporting favorably or un-
favorably. I will read the report of the House
committee:
" The Committee on Invalid Pensions, to whom was re-
ferred the petition of Thomas Frasor, a soldier in the war
of 1812, ask leave to report: That Fraser, in consequence
of an injury received at St. Albans, Vermont, while ser-
geant in Captain Danforth's company, Colonel MeCohb's
regiment, in the summer of 1813, was, by act of Congress,
placed on the pension roll to draw ยง2 66 per month for par-
tial disability. He has now become entirely disabled m
consequence of that injury, and produces evidence of total
disability. Your committee recommend that his pension
should be increased toeightdoilars per month from April 1,
1853, and ask leave to introduce the accompanying bill."
It seems to me that there is only one side to the
case. I have here the certificate of two surgeons.
I know them personally; they are eminent in
their profession. They certify that this man is
now totally disabled, I ask, therefore, that the
bill may be taken up.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to hear the state
ment of the committee why they asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the bill.
We ought certainly to have their reasons.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think it was because they
reported a eeneral bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I should like to hear the rea-
son from some member of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator from
Maine has stated the reason. The committee
have agreed to report a general bill providing for
this and some twelve or twenty other cases of a
similar character which were referred to them.
Mr. BAYARD. Then I object to the consid-
eration of this bill. I think that quite a sufficient
reason.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If the Senator
objects, the bill will be passed over.
Mr. BAYARD. I object.
PIERCE AND HODGE.
The bill for the relief of Levi Pierce and An-
drew Hodge, jr., reported from the Committee on
Claims, was read a second time, and considered
as m Committee of the Whole.
By this bill the Postmaster General will be au-
thorized to settle with and discharge Levi Pierce
and Andrew Hodite, jr., sureties on the official
bond of William H. Iter, formerly postmaster at
New Orleans, on their paying, or securing to pay,
to the satisfaction of the Postmaster General,
within one year, $)12,500; and either of them may
thus be discharged on his paying, or securing to
pay, one half of that sum; but the Postmaster
General, and the United States district attorney
for the eastern district of Louisiana, are to he sat-
isfied that it is for the interest of the United States
that such settlement should be made. Such set-
tlement with and discharge of one surety is not
to be construed to discharge the other.
In 1839 the Postmaster General, Mr. Kendall,
dispatched a specific agent, Mr. Murron, to New
Orleans, to look into the accounts of Mr. Iter,
and to take measures, as it appears, to secure the
funds of the Department. Mr. Marion reports,
under date of August 15, 1839, that, in looking
into the accounts of Mr. Ker, he found them
worse than he anticipated, the indebtedness the
Department being ยง62,000. Mr. Marron pro-
ceeded to secure the Department, as far as practi-
cable, by taking mortgages on Mr. Ker's prop-
erty; this, he says, was all he could get, and sub-
ject, of course, to previous encumbrances. He
informs the Postmaster General, in this report,
that he made his movements as jatill as possible,
for fear Mr. Ker's sureties would push for a con-
veyance of the property to them.
It appears from a letter of the Postmaster Gen-
eral that there was received from these mortgages
the sum of $s5,992 55, and that that is all that has
been realized from any source.
In April, 1841, suit was brought on his official
bond to recover the amount of the penalty,
ยง25,000, and interest. The defendants admitted
their signatures, but denied the indebtedness of
Ker, and alleged that if Ker was indebted, then
they could not be held responsible, because in
August, 1839, the plaintiffs, without the knowl-
edge or consent of the defendants, received from
Ker an act of mortgage upon property to secure
them against loss; and that in consideration of
this mortgage security they granted Ker an ex-
tension of six months.
In April, 1843, the case was tried in the United
States circuit couit at New Orleans, and a verdict
rendered for defendants. It was taken to the Su-
preme Court by writ of error, and in December,
1844, dismissed, the defendants not having been
properly cited. It came up again in the Supreme
Court on a transcript of the record, and in 1847
the judgment of the circuit court was reversed.
The case came up again in the circuit court in
1851, but the jury could notagree. In May, 1851,
it was again tried m the same court, and the evi-
dence offered by the Government being ruled out,
a verdict was given for defendants. A writ of
error was again taken to the Supreme Court, and
the judgment of the court below was again re-
versed, and the case remanded for a new trial, and
now stands on the docket of the circuit court for
a fourth trial.
The memorialist asks that Congress will pass
an act for his relief, upon such terms as will, while
it protects the Government from total loss, save
him from utter prostration. He states that his
circumstances have become greatly embarrassed;
that he has been and is compromising with his
private creditors, and he asks from the Govern-
'inent the same amount of grace he has received
from them, as the only means of saving himself
from pecuniary ruin.
In view of the embarrassing state of the pend-
ing suit, the uncertainty of recovering anything,
and of all the circumstances of the case, the com-
mittee are of opinion that the Postmaster General
and the district attorney should be authorized to
make such a compromise as they may deem just
and equitable, and conducive to the interests of the
Government, within the limits and according to the
terms prescribed in the bill submitted.
The bill was reported to the Seriate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
AKDKEW J- DICKERHOFF.
The bill for the relief of Andrew J. Dickerhoff
reported from the Committee on Pensions, was
read a second time, and considered as in Coin-
, mittee of the Whole. .
By this bill the Secretary of the Interior will be
directed to place the name of Andrew J. Dicker-
hoff on the roll of invalid pensioners, and pay to
him annually a pension of ninety-six dollars, to
commence on the 1st of January, 1850, and con-
, tinue during his life. .
I The petitioner enlisted in Ohio "for during the
j war '' with Mexico, was assigned at Newpoi t bar-
i racks to company G, fourth infantry, (the regi-
j ment then being" at Puebla, Mexico, where he
i afterwards joined it,) and was, at subsequent peri-
ods, successively transferred to I and K compa-
nies of said regiment, as the first named two com-
panies were each, in turn, broken up, and was
honorably discharged from company It at the
close of the war, at Pascagoula. At the time of
his enlistment, petitioner was not eighteen years
old, and of rather delicate frame, and was severely
attacked, while in the service, by fever and ague,
mumps, and colds; but was, nevertheless) never
placed on the sick list, from personal reluctance
and aversion to hospital treatment. At the time
of his discharge at Pascagoula he was in a very
feeble condition of health, owing to the hardships, -
exposures, and constant colds; but never having
reported himself sick, no mention of disability was
made in his discharge. His debility and sickness
greatly increased on his journey home to Mount
Vernon, Ohio, from Pascagoula, as certified by
Surgeon McGugin,of the fifteenth regiment United
States Army, in Mexico, who accompanied him
a part of the journey. After reaching home in
his feeble and jaded condition, Surgeon McGu-
gin examined him, and found that he had con-
tracted a disease of the spine, of so serious a nature
as to result in curvature, contraction, and partial
paralysis of the left side, shortening the left leg,
and implicating the muscles to such an extentthat
involuntary and most distressing contortions of
ihe face and other parts of the body became fre-
quent. Surgeon McGugin certifies, under oath,
that petitioner was at that time, and is now, in
such a condition of bodily health as to render man-
ual labor impossible, and mental exertion danger-
ous to reason and life. He further states, on his,
oath, that, from his personal knowledge of the
case, he is satisfied that the accumulated sufferings
and unhappy disabilities of the petitioner resulted
from his hardships and exposures in the Army of
the United States in the war with Mexico. Dr.
Selman, of Bloomfield, Iowa, confirms the state-
ment of petitioner's presentcondilion, and concurs
iti the opinion as to its cause.
It is further proved by the testimony of Dr.
McGugin, that petitioner's mind has been mate-
rially impaired by his peculiar diseases, and he
now fails to recollect many names and circum-
stances that would be of service in procuring the
proofs required under the regulations of the Pen-
sion Bureau. He does not know where to find a
comrade who served with him, and who would
have had a personal knowledge of his sufferings
in Mexico; and as he refused to report himself
sick, of course none of the officers could, in {heir
official capacity, certify to any disability resulting
from diseases incurred in the service. Hence the
petitioner, after a rejection of his claim by the
Commissioner of Perisiens, on account of the ab-
sence of the kind of proofs required by the rules of
that office, had no alternative but to apply to Con-
gress for a special act for his relief. The com-
mittee are of opinion that the case is sufficiently
made out to justify legislation in behalf of peti-
tioner. He appears to be a most unfortunate, and,
from the testimony accompanying, worthy and
meritorious individual. It is made satisfactorily
to appear that Ill's health was good before his en-
listment, that he was a temperate and prudent man,
that he returned home sick, and that his sickness
has resulted in deplorable disability; and though
the testimony is not such as meets the requirements
of the bureau, it is such, in the opinion of your
committee, as to call for the charity of the Gov-
ernment.
The high professional and private character of
Surgeon McGugin and Dr. Selman is satisfactorily
sustained by the letter of Hon. A. C. Dodge,
Senator, and Hon. B. IIenn, member of Con-
gress, from Iowa.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
ANN W. ANGUS.
The bill for the relief of Mrs. Ann W. Angus,
! reported from the Committee on Pensions, was
I read a second time, and considered as m Com-
1 mittee of the Whole. _
I By this bill the Secretary of the Interior will be
i directed to continue to Ann W. Angus, for a
further term of five years, from the 4th of March,
1854, the pension heretofore paid her, which ex-
pired on that day, and to extend to her the benefits
of all laws which may liereafterbe passed, making
o-eneral provisions for widows, or further contin-
uing their half pay, to which benefits she would
have been entitled if her husband, Samuel Angus,
had died in the service of the United States. But
the amount is not to exceed half the pay of her
husband in any one year.
