158
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
copy. These were printed upon a single sheet of
the size of the Congressional Globe, and were
only intended for temporary use, and not for pres-
ervation.
We published afterwards one hundred thou-
sand copies of the Abstract of the Census—a
very imperfect and unsatisfactory work, so far
as it purported to give the general results of the
census. I do not recollect exactly what it cost;
but it does not contain one-twentieth part of the
important information contained in the compen-
dium which it is now proposed to publish. The
resolution jthat I have offered contains the titles
of all the tables that will be incorporated into the
proposed volume; and gentlemen who are familiar
with tne large volume, will see that this one will
.embrace all the important results that were ob-
tained by taking the census.
In reference to the statistics of industry and the
statistics of mortality, they were excluded by the
joint resolution which authorized the publication
of the census, although nearly prepared and ready
for publication. It is important that they should
be published. They were collected at great ex-
pense, and ou^ht not to be lost to the public for
want of publication. The Joint Committee on
Printing have that matter under consideration, and
may report hereafter a proposition to publish
them. ,1 presume that will be the last of the pub-
lications in reference to the census, as the public
will then have all the information obtained by the
returns of the marshals.
Mr. CHANDLER. Before thegentleman takes
his srat, 1 want to inquire whether the proposition
which he now presents from the Committee on
Printing involves the introduction into this new
book of any of the tables of industry ?
Mr. STANTON. I think not; but there is a
table in reference to occupations.
Mr. CHANDLER. That is in the large book,
and is very erroneous; but that is not what I am
speakingof. I should protestagainsttheintroduc-
tion of any of the tables of industry, because they
are so exceedingly erroneous. I ought to say,
however, that those tables are not of the compila-
tion of the Superintendent; and therefore that no
censure attaches to him. I have no objection to
this proposition, if it does not embrace those in
dustriai tables.
Mr. STANTON. The industrial statistics, as
I said before, were excluded from publication by
the joint resolution authorizing the publication of
the large volume. They were said not to be
reliable; but I am well convinced they are equally
as much so as the statistics of population, or any
other ever taken by this Government. Absolute
certainty, or precise truth on all subjects, is utterly
impossible, when reliance is necessarily placed
upon so many persons, of such different capacities
as were employed in taking the census. These
statistics never have been published in any form,
and the proposition now is to publish nothing bu-
what is to be found in the large volume.
Mr. MEACHAM. If the gentleman from
Kentucky will allow me, I will move that the
House do now adjourn.
[Crieg of "Oh, no!" and "Pass the resolu-
tion
Mr. STANTON, Before I consent to yield
the Hoor, I would inquire of the Speaker what
would be the condition of this report if the House
was now to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. It will go upon the Speak-
er's table, and be the first business in order when
the House proceeds to the business on the table.
Mr. STANTON. Well,sir, I move to recom-
mit that resolution, so as to bring it up the first
thuiir.
The SPEAKER. Being a privileged question,
the gentleman can call it up at any time.
Mr. MEACHAM. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The question was taken; and, on a division,
there were—ayes G5, noes 84.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RtCHA RDSON. The first part of the
report from the Committee on Printing I like very
much; the latter part of it I think is rather a lame
and impotent conclusion from so <;ood a start.
I am opposed to the proposition submitted by
the Committee on Printing. We have increased
the amount of the public printing until the ex-
penditures have become enormous. The amount
of printing is not the only thing for which we
have to incur expense. In order to carry out
the recommendation of the committee, I presume
that it will be necessary to continue in employ-
ment the Superintendent of the Census and the
clerks under him. Besides, it will be some time
before we can get the report printed in the manner
proposed by the committee. We have already
distributed 100,000 copies of the Abstract of the
Census. Do gentlemen propose to print enough
to furnish every constituent of each member with
a copy? Is that the purpose?
I have another objection to the printing of any
more of these reports. So far as I have been able
to look into them, there are few points in reference
to which they state facts correctly. If Congress is
determined to print everything reported to it in
sufficient numbers to furnish every man in the
Union with a copy, the sooner we get into a great
book-concern the better. If gentlemen will only
direct their attention to the matter, they will find
that our expenditures for printing are enough to
support a State Government. It has grown to be
a great evil. Every paper which is brought for-
ward is printed before we get done with it. I am
opposed to the whole resolution.
Mr. MEACHAM. I desire to make a few re-
marks upon the resolution. Before doing so,
however, I wish to consult some books, and
therefore move that the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
And the House thereupon (at half-past three
o'clock) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 12, 1854.
Prayer by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary of War, in an-
swer to a resolution of the Senate of the 4th in-
stant, communicating the report of the board of
commissioners appointed to examine different sites
for a military asylum in the West; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, for some cause,
which it is not worth while to mention here, the
Judiciary Committee has not been able to be fully
organized. I therefore suggest the propriety of
adding a provisional member, until the absent
members shall have arrived.
The PRESIDENT. The motion is to add an
additional member to the Judiciary Committee.
The motion was agreed to; and
The President pro tempore appointed Mr. Wil-
liams.
ACCESSORY TRANSIT COMPANY.
Mr. COOPER. Mr. President: At the request
of the " Accessory Transit Company," I beg
leave to present to the Senate the memorial of Us
President, Charles Morgan, Esq., asking such
legislation at the hands of Congress aswillenable
the company to own and register in its own name
the steamships and steamboats running on the line
between the cities of New York and San Fran-
cisco.
This company, although composed of Ameri-
can citizens, who reside principally m the city of
New York, was incorporated by the State of
Nicaragua, in consequence of which, under the
construction given to an act of Congress by our
revenue officers, the company can neither hold the
ships in its own name, nor sail them under the flag
of the United States. To obviate the difficulty in-
terposed by the law, as well as to have its ships
admitted to registry in our ports, the company
has been compelled to resort to the inconvenient
intervention of trustees. It was either obliged to
do this, or forego the piivilege of sailing its ves-
sels under the American Has:; and to give up this
privilege would be equally distasteful to the com-
pany and the country—distasteful to the former
to sail under a less respected flnsf, and to the latter
to compel so_ fine and efficient a part of its com-
mercial marine to seek foreign registration, and
devote it to foreign owneishin.
The act of Congress which subjects the com-
pany to the inconveniences which the memorialist
complains of, was intended to prevent foreign ves-
sels from using our flag, or bein^ admitted to
registry in our ports; but was not designed, though
it has the effect, to prevent vessels built in the
United States, owned in the United States, and
running between ports of the United States, from
sailing under their Bag and being registered in
their ports, because the company which owns them
was incorporated by a State, over the territory of
which a part of the route between the two oceans
lie.
The advantages derived by the public from the
enterprise of this company has been immense.
Without aid from the Government m any form,
it transports passengers and freight of all kinds
from the ports on the Atlantic to those on the Pa-
cific, m the shortest time, and at the lowest rates.
Since this company commenced its operations, the
passage between New York and San Francisco
has been reduced to twenty-three days, and the
price of fare from six hundred dollars to two hun-
dred and fifty dollars in the cabin, and from two
hundred and fifty dollars to ninety dollars in the
steerage. Its ships are of the finest class of ocean
steamers, formed on the best models for strength
and speed; and the fact that they are uniformly
in advance of the vessels of all other lines on both
sideo of the Isthmus, exhibits a superiority worthy
of encouragement. I hope, therefore, a bill will
be speedily passed in conformity with the prayer
of the memorialist.
T move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSES ON THE PACIFIC.
Mr. WELLER. I present the memorial of
Francis A. Gibbons and F. X. Kelly, praying com-
pensation for work performed and services ren-
dered in the construction of light-houses upon the
Pacific coast. I desire to move the reference of
this memorial to the Committee on Claims, and I
hope it will receive the prompt attention of that
committee, for the reason that there can be no
light-house constructed at San Diego, as was
ordered by the law of 1850, until the committee
shall have reported upon the present memorial.
It has been found, in regard to the construction of
the light-house, that the only point at which it can
be built is some six or seven miles from San Diego.
The contractors claim that, under their contract,
they never stipulated to put up a light-house at
any other point than San Diego. The point which
the Coast Survey has reported as the only one
where it should be constructed, is distant somesix
or seven miles from the town of San Diego; and
hence has arisen the difficulty. I move that the
memorial be referred to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
PROHIBITION OF SLAVERY IN" TERRITORIES.
Mr. CHASE. I ask leave to present the me-
morial of Edward A. Stansbury and others, of
the city of New York, praying for the prohibition
of slavery in the Territories, and wherever, else-
where, the General Government has constitutional
power to prohibit it. I recognize among the sig-
natures affixed to this petition the names of not a
few among the prominent business men of New
Yoik. I observe, also, the name of John Jay, a
worthy grandson of the first Chief Justice of the
United States; and that of John P. Hale, recently
one of our associates in this Chamber.
The character of the memorialists, and, in my
judgment, also the objects which they seek, com-
mend this memorial to our favorable consideration.
I am aware, however, that the Committee on Ter-
ritories, to which memorials of this description
would, perhaps, be most appropriately referred,
is opposed to the prayer of these memorialists. I
shall, therefore, move that the petition be received,
and, for the present, laid upon the table. I give
notice, however, that I shall hereafter submit a
motion that this memorial, and others on the same
and similar subjects, be taken up and referred to
a select committee.
The memorial lies upon the table.
PETITION ETC.
Mr. WADE presented documents in relation
to the claim of John Metcalf, prayin? indemnity
for losses sustained in consequence of the impress-
ment of the schooner Tempest into the military
service of the United States during the last war
with Great Britain; which were referred to the
Committee on Claims.
