1726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
able Senator. I know not how to argue with him
on such a subject. We are so entirely apart, that
there is no ground upon which we can expect to
reason with each other with a view that either of
us shall ever be convinced. Sir, the views which
the hon rable Senator has announced, are not the
sentiments of the American people, rely upon it;
and they will repudiate all sentiments of that de-
scription. When they are tofd, as they now are,
this day, On the floor of the Senate, that they
have no more right to demand of this Government
donations of the public lands than any foreigner
in Europe, they will, 1 think, give us a lesson
which we shall remember hereafter. Sir, the
utterance of such views are not very pleasing to
those of us who entertain the opinion, as before
God I do, that the American people are entitled
to this property in preference to any foreigner;
that it is their birthright, and that it is a wrong
and an outrage upon them to give it to foreigners,
as long as they themselves demand to occupy it.
Sir, { say instead of putting down a sentiment
like that 1 have expressed, by persecuting the
"Know-Nothings," or any other American organ-
ization, tliose who shall attempt it will find them-
selves sadly mistaken. It will be necessary, before
you can put that sentiment down, to put down
the American people—the true American people.
Bef'oie that can be done,
" Full manv a pennnn shall lie torn,
And many a kmpht to esirrh bp home,
Ami many a banner shall be rent."
The sentiments which have been announced by
the honorable Senator from Ohio aie calculated to
rouse the feelings of the whole American people;
and they will hear with astonishment, that it is
considered now, upon the flour of the American
Senate, that they have no right to the public lands
of the United States.
Mr. President, I ask pardon of the Senate for
this loose and desultory mode of discussing the
subject. I have already occupied more of the time
of the Senate than I should have done With
rpgard to the arguments which were used by my
honoiable friend from Iowa, I have no further
reply to make. I have been superseded in (he
task which I had proposed in replying to some of
his observations, made, as they were, with nil his
accustomed eloquence and energy, by the efforts
of other gentlemen who have gone before me, and
who have fully answered him I leave the subject,
but i shall deeply regret if the decision of the Sen-
ate of the United States on this motion shall be,
that the Ameucan people, m the language of the
honorable Senator ft om Ohio, have no more rights
in the public domain of the United States than
any alien who has visited, or may hereafter visit,
our shores.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Clayton] states that I snid the American
people have no right to the public domain, i said
no such thing; and I said nothing from which any
such inference could be justly drawn. I have
barely stated that this bill carries out what is, in
my judgment, sound policy. It does not stop to
impure whether the beneficiaries are entitled, in
. the legal sense of the term, to what they are to get
under U. Citizens and foreigners, all who com-
ply with the provisions of the bill, are to receive
so much land. The Governmentbeing theowner
of this land, has a perfect right to grant it on such
conditions as it deems proper; and it has as much
right to give the land to foreigners as to its own
citizens, so far as I can see. I stated, in connec-
tion with this, that when there was a vast conti-
nent of vacant lands, f could not see that any one
man had a better title than another to a specific
quantity of land. I did not see when I spoke
before, 1 do not see now, on what principle of
morals onecan be considered better than the other.
The Government owns the land. The Govern-
ment has purchased it. I am not the owner of
any of it, unless the Government trives it to me,
or f buy it; so of the foreigner. We both stand
on the same ground, so far as I see, in point of
morals, ethics, and law. That is what 1 meant,
Mr. BADGER. As I suppose there is no ex-
pectation of having any vote upon this bill to-day,
and 8g 1 have also a resolution which I wish to
have laid upon the table, in order that I may call it
up to-morrow morning, I rise now to move that
the further consideration of this subject be post-
poned until to-morrow.
Mr. WALKER. I do not suppose that my
own views will be accorded with in this matter;
but I had hoped that we should get a vote this
evening on the motion of the Senator from Dela-
ware to strike out the sixth section of this bill.
There is a greatdeal depending upon that motion,
and I had hoped the vote would be taken on it
before the adjournment this evening.
Mr, MASON, it cannot be done. Several
gentlemen wish to speak.
Mr. WALKER. 1 know this to be the fact,
that whenever there is a disposition shown to ad-
journ, it is always impossible, in the estimation of
gentlemen, to get a vote, [f there be a majority
of the Senate disposed to adjourn at this hour of
the day, or to postpone the further consideration
of this subject in order to go into Executive ses-
sion, of course no one member, and no minority
of members, can successfully oppose it; but I have
only to say, that I hope the postponement will not
take place, and that we shall have a vote on the
amendment.
Mr. BADGER Sir, though opposed to the
homestead bill, I considermyself under an obliga-
tion to the gentlemen who are in favor of that
measure, so far as I am concerned, to give them
an opportunity at the earliest day to have a vote
of the Senate upon the subject, and to interpose
no difficulty whatever m order to prevent that
vote from b^ing taken. Now, as the Senator
from Wisconsin, a fnend of that muHSUie, is op-
posed to the postponement of the bill until to-mor-
row, m order that I may submit the resolution I
1 propose to offer, 1 withdiaw the motion. 1 have
discharged my duty.
Mr. DOUGLAS I like the spirit indicated by
the Senator from North Carolina, in declaring
that, although he is opposed to the bill, he is in
favor of giving theftiendsof the measure an op-
portunity to get a vote upon it. I hope, now,
that there may he an undeistanding that, on a
particular day, ata paiticular hour, we shall pro-
ceed to the vote. If that understanding can be
had, so that we may be sure of a vote, I shall
be content; otherwise, I think we ought to sit
later, until the time for taking the vote shall be
fixed.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from North Car-
olina may effect his object, I think, easily, by the
unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. BADGER. I had no object to effect. 1
wished to do a simple act of justice to the friends
of the bill.
Mr. STUART, I understood the Senator de-
sired to submit a resolution. Certainly there will
be no objection to that
Mr. WALKER I hope the Senator from
North Carolina will have no individual feeling in
this matter as regards myself.
Mr. BADGER. 1 have not the least, {merely
wanted to enable the fnends of this bill to pro-
ceed with it.
Mr. WALKER. I hoped, when the Senator
got the floor, he was about to ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to lay his resolution on the
table. For one, I should have no objection to that,
but I could not consent, to the postponement of the
consideration of the bill until to-morrow, to allow
him to introduce a resolution. I am perfectly
willing, for one, to give my consent that he shall
lay his resolution on the table. Nobody has ob-
jected to that. It can be done by unanimous con-
■ sent.
Mr. BADGER. Well, sir, we shall see wheth-
er it will be objected to. 1 preferred to have the
bill postponed until to-morrow, in order that I
miiiht have a right, without unanimous consent,
to lay the resolution on the table.
Several Senators There is no objection.
Mr. BADGER. My resolution is:
Resolved, That ihe oider setiini; apart * v 'ry Friday for
the consideration of private hi!N on the general order of
the day, foe suspended lor Friday, the 14th instant.
■ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objec-
tion to the resolution?
Several Senators. No objection.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was con
sidered and agreed to.
Mr. MASON. I now move to postpone the
I further consideration of the homestead bill until
, to-morrow, with a view of proceeding to the con-
: sideration of Executive business,
j Mr. WALKER. I use to ascertain whether,
in accordance with the views of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Douglas,] we can come to an un-
derstanding as to the day when we shall take a
vote on the bill now under consideration.
Several Senators. We can fix that to-mor-
row.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened,and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, July 14, 1854.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
THE WASHINGTON MONUMENT.
The SPEAKER appointed the following gen-
tlemen as members of the select committee on the
memorial of the Board of Managers of the Wash-
ington National Monument Society, asking that
Congress will take such action as may result in a
plan for completing the erection of the said monu-
ment, which was referred by the House on yester-
day to a select committee of thirteen, viz: Messrs.
May, of Maryland; Jones, of Pennsylvania;
Rekse, of Georgia; McMullin, of Virginia; Dow-
deli., of Alabama; Eliot, of Massachusetts; El-
lison, of Ohio; Vail, of New Jersey; Oliver, of
Missouri; Pratt, of Connecticut; MACY,of Wis-
consin,and Puryexk, of North Carolina.
Mr CUMMING, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a bill
"to authorize the Postmaster Geneiai to enter into
a contiact for the transportation of the mails be-
tween Brooklyn, New Yoik, and various parts of
Euiope;" which was lead a first and second time
by its title, and refei red to the Committee on the
Posi Office arid Post Roads.
Mr. C. said: I ask the permission of the House
to have some remaiks printed, which I desired to
make on this subject,
There was no objection.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was about to ask the
House for permission to make some reports from
a committee; but I prefer to modify my motion
so as to ask that the Speaker, with the consent of
the House, shall call the committees for reports of
private bills, with a view to their refeience.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Virginia that the business first
in order—this being private bill day—is the dis-
posed of the bills from the Senate on the Speaker's
table of a private nature only.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then f wiif renew my
motion when these bills are disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would further re-
mark, that he has always believed it to be in ac-
cordance with the spirit of the rule to pursue the
course indicated by the gentleman from Virginia.
But such has not been the practice of the body.
After the Speaker's table has been cleared of pri-
vate bills, m the absence of a motion to go into a
Committee of the Whole House, the usual piactice
has been to call for reports of committees gener-
ally.
BINDING OF COAST SURVEY MAPS.
Mr. RUSSELL. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution from the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing he authorized
to have hound the three hundred and fitty copies? of the Coast
Survey maps furnished tor the use of members of Congress,
provided the same shall not cost more than fitty cents per
volume.
There being no objection, the resolution was
read, considered, and agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
The following bills from the Senate were then
taken from the Speaker's table, severally read a
first and second time by their titles, and referred
as indicated below:
No. 276. An act for the relief of Mrs. Ann E.
Angus. Referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
No 233. An act for the relief of Susan Coody
and others. Referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs,
