1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
No.*213. An act for the relief of Otway H.
Berry man. Referred to the Committee on Naval'
Affairs.
No. 307. An act for the relief of Thomas C.
Nye. Referred to the Committee on ^e Post
Office and Post Roads.
No. 323. An act for the relief of Obed Hussey.
Referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office.
No. 106. An act to authorize the payment of
invalid pensions to the heirs of Lieutenant Robert
White and others. Referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
No. 310. An act for the relief of the heirs of
the late Uri Emmons. Referred to the Committee
on Patents and the Patent Office.
No. 345. A n act for the relief of Calvin B. Sey-
mour and of .William Boynton, surviving partner
of the firm of W. &. K. Boynton. Referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
No. 342. An act for the relief of William
Darby Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 359. An act granting bounty lands to
Elizabeth Summers, widow of Cornelius Sum-
mers, a soldier in the late war with Great Britain.
Referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
No. 34f). An act fur the relief of the heirs-at-
law of William Van Wart, deceased. Referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
No. 353. An act for the relief of the represent-
ative of Henry King, deceased. Referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
No. 354. An act for the relief of Nancy Bowen
and Surah Larabee. Referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
No. 356. An act for the relief of George Den-
net, of Portsmouth, New Hampshire. Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
No. 360. An act for the relief of John McKey.
Referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
No. 362. An act for the relief of Asa Andrews.
Referred to the Committee of Claims.
No. 368. An act for the relief of Captain
Charles G. Merchant. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
No. 363. An act for the relief of Jonas P. Levy
and Jose Maria Jerrero. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
No. 392. An act granting an increase of pen-
sion to Mrs. Frances Smith, of South Carolina.
Referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
No. 375. An act relative to the account of
General Stephen Moylan. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. MAY. There is upon theSpeaker's table
a Senate bill (No. 305) which I desire the consent
of the House to have taken up, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
No objection being made, the following bill was
taken up, read a first and second time by its title,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means:
An act directing a reexamination of the accounts
between the United States and the State of Mary-
land.
Mr. STCJART, of Ohio. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to have Senate bill No. 192,
for the relief Ann J. Knapp taken from the Speak-
er's table, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions. I will state that the bill was reported
adversely on by that committee, and on their mo-
tion laid upon the table; but as they have received
new evidence in relation to the case, I ask that it
may be re-referred.
There was no objection, and the bill was taken
up and referred.
OCEAN MAIL STEAMERS.
Mr. MACE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a report from the select com-
mittee on ocean mail steamers, for the purpose of
having it laid upon the table, and printed.
There was no objection; and the report was re-
ceived, laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to execute the
order of the House by calling the various standing
committees for reports of a private character, for
the purpose of reference without debate.
Mr. EDGERTON. I desire to say that I have
a large number of reports from the Committee of
Claims, which I desire to present. The clerk of
that committee, however, is sick, and has taken
away the key to the committee room, so that i
cannot get them, f ask leave to present them as
soon as I can get them.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire, also, to say that
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
is not now present. There is a bill in his charge,
which I shall ask the consent of the House to
present as soon as he comes into the House.
Mr. KERR. I have a bill from the Committee
on the Judiciary, which is not precisely of a pri-
vate character, out to which, 1 presume, there
will be no objection. I ask the indulgence of the
House to have it taken up, and put upon'its pas-
sage. It is a bill to regulate the time for holding
the sessions of the district court of the United
States for th,e eastern district of Louisiana—Senate
bill No. 377.
Mr. FAULKNER. I objpet, until the call of
the committees has been gone through with.
Mr. DICK. 1 desire to report, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, a bill for the
incorporation of an insurance company.
The SPEAKER. Such bills are not usually re-
garded asofa private character, and, in theopinion
of the Chair, would not come within the oider of
the House.
Mr. DICK. Then I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report it. The bill has been
recommended by the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. FENTON. 1 have just comein, and before
1 reached my seat, the Committee on Commerce
had been called and passed. 1 am instructed by
that committee to make a report, and I now ask
that it be received.
The SPEAKER. If the bill be of a private
character it will be received.
Mr. FENTON, then, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back Senate bill No. 253 *• for
the relief of Alexander Lee," with a recommend-
ation that it do not pass
Ordeied that said bill lie upon the table, and be j
printed.
Mr. MILLSON. When the Committee on
Commerce was called, if the gentleman fiom New
York [Mr. Fenton]had been in his seat, I should
have called up the motion to reconsider, which I
submitted some two weeks ago, the reference of a
bill then repotted under an order of the House
authorizing private bills which did not give rise to
debate, to be reported for the purpose of reference
to proper committees. On that occasion, the gen-
tle'man from New York [Mr. Fenton] reported a
bill of a public character, which was leferred to a
Committee of the Whole House. I immediately
afterwards moved a reconsideration, for the pur-
pose of having the bill referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, where it
properly belongs. It is a bill of a very important
chaiacter, and one which heretofore has been
always referred, to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. It ought to take that
direction now.
Mr. PHILLIPS. What bill is it?
Mr. MILLSON. It is a bill authorizing, or
directing, the adjustment of the claims of various
merchants of the cities of New York and San
Francisco, for return of duties paid on goods
destroyed by fire.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
reconsideration can be now had, and the reference
of the bill changed from a Committee of the
Whole House to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union; but the Chair will state
that he cannot entertain the proposition, if it give
rise to debate, for the reason that the House is
now acting under a suspension of the rules, or
rather under a unanimous order for call on com-
mittees for reports of private bills.
Mr. MILLSON. I was not aware that any
such order had been made this morning; and
shall not press the consideration of the motion
which ! have indicated at this time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
reconsideration can be now had.
Mr. FENTON, I object.
Mr. ELLIOTT, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
" for the relief of the legal representatives of Gus-
tavus B. Horner, deceased;" which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and, with, the*
accompanying report, ordered to bfc printed; % -? '
Mr. PECKHAM, from the Committee dm Rev-*
olutionary Pensions, made an adverse report-in'
the case of Colonel William Nelson j which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.- *
Mr. P. , from th* same committee, reportecU>&ck
Senate bill (No. 415) 41 for the relief of Phinea%
Nightingale, administrator of the estarteof Nathan-
iel Greene, deceased," with an aro-etiefment. Th«-
bill was referred to a Committee of the- Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. PECKHAM, it was ordered
that the same committee he discharged from, the
further consideration of the petition of* Davit?
Bayhs, deceased,-and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROGERS, from the Commute on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported bills "for the relief of
the heirs of Lieutenant Andrew Fenley," and
" for the relief of the administrator of Thomas
Wishart, deceased," which were read a first and
second time by their titles, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be'
printed. *
Mr. R., from the same committee, also made
an adverse report in the case of the heirs of Cap-
tain William Van Sears; which was laid.on fefee
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUFFIN, from the Committee of Claims,
reported a bill " for the relief of Lincoln Bates;"
which was read a first and'second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House^and
ordered to be primed.
Mr. HARLAN, of Ohio. 1 am instructed by
the Committee of Claims, to ask that, they be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the Sen-
ate bill for the " relief of the owners of the brig
Kate Boyd,"and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLSON. I should like to know the
object of the gentleman.
Mr. HARLAN The owners desire to furnish
additional proof in that case, which, they say, they
now have in their possession.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think that any addi-
tional proof in the case will change my views.
But I have no objection.
There being no objection, the order to change
the reference was made.
Mr. BARKSDALE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Mississippi, "praying Congress to in-
demnify William L. Dearuig, late deputy sur-
veyor of the United States, for the resurvey of
nine townships of public land,m the district north
of Red river, in the State of Louisiana, which be-
came necessary in consequence of the accidental
and unavoidable loss of the original field'notes of
said surveys in crossing the Red river in the year
1831;" which, on his motion, was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. NICHOLS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported a bill "for the relief
of the legal representatives of Charles Pavie;"
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HlLLYER,from the same committee, re-
ported House bill, No. 220, being: a " bill to revive
an act approved 3d March, 1823, and an'act ap-
proved 26th May, 3824, supplementary thereto,
in reference to the Bahia Honda claim for land in
Louisiana;" which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I ask leave to report
back from the Committee on Private Land Claims*
Senate bill, No. 153, ,uto relinquish the rever-
sionary interest of the United States to certain re-
servations therein mentioned,"and to confirm the
title of Charles G. Gunter thereto," with a rec-
ommendation that it do pass; and I also ask that
it be put on its passage now.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps the gentleman from'
Alabama [Mr. AbercrombjeJ is not aware that
it is by unanimous consent of the House that
committees are being called only for private biifa
which do not give rise to debate; and objection
being made, this bill cannot be'put upon its pas-
sage now.
Mr. ABERCROMBIE. I imaginethat if my
friend from Virginia was aware of the character
