160
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12.
No person, except members and officers of the Senate,
shall be admitted at either of the side doors or the Senate
Chamber; and ail persons claiming adfmssion on the floor,
excepting members and the elerk [and Sergeant-at-Arms]
of the House of Representatives, for the tune being, the
heads of the several Departments, the private Secretary of
the President, the Chaplains to Congress, Judges of the
United States, [and of the several States,] Foreign Minis-
ters and their Secretaries, [Ministers and ex Ministers of
the United States, their secretaues and ex-secretaries,] and
officers who, by name, shall have received the thanks of
Congress, or medals by a vote of Congress, shall (each time,
before beitig admitted upon the floor) enter their names, to-
gether with the official positiomn right of which they claim
admission, in a book to be provided and kept at the main
entrance to the Senate Chamber; and no person except
members of the Senate shall be allowed within the bai of
the Senate, or to occupy the seat of any Senator.
The resolution was ordered to be printed.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. BADGER. Although the regular season
has passed, during which the Senate usually ad-
journs from this day to Monday, there is a reason,
which I wiU assign to the Senate, why f think we
should continue, at least for this week, to adjourn
over to Monday.
I understand that the Committee on the Judi-
ciary—and [suppose it was for that reason that the
additional member has been appointed—has de-
termined to take up this week, consider, and dis-
pose of, the question of privilege in regard to the
right to the seat claimed by the gentleman from
Vermont.
It is certainly important that that question should
be promptly considered and decided as soon as
possible. It is due to this body; it is due to the
gentleman whose right to the seat is called into
question; and, at the same time, it is a question
which should be very deliberately and carefully
considered. I hope, therefore, there will be no
objection to the motion I submit, that when the
Senate adjourns to-day, it will be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. BUTLER. T hope so.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announ-
cing thattt had passed a joint resolution of thanks
of Congress, and the presentation of a medal, to
Captain Duncan N. Ingraham.
The joint resolution was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HOUSE BIXLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Repre-
sentatives, were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred:
The bill for the relief of Lewis P. Willis, late
a paymaster in the Army of the United States—to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Isaac B. Simonton, deceased—to tne Committee
on Claims.
The hill for the relief of William Blake—to the
Committee on Pensions.
PRISCILLA C. SIMONDS.
On motion by Mr. WADE, the bill for the re-
lief of Priscilla C. Simonds was read a second
time, and considered by the Senate as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to direct the proper
accounting.officer of the Treasury to pay to Pris-
cilla C. Simonds $418, being the value of the
property of the late Captain Moses H. Simonds,
which was taken possession of by the authority
of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amend ment.
Mr. WELLER. I should like to have some
explanation of the bill before a vote is taken upon
it. I know nothing about it.
Mr. W A DE. The bill passed the Senate at the
last session in a full Senate; and it has been unani-
mously reported by the Committee on Claims
again. The sum which it proposes to pay is a
small one for the loss of the military equipments
and accouterments of Captain Simonds, who died
in the service while on his way to Mexico. His
mother was a widow when they were taken, and
this bill is to provide compensation to her for the
loss of the property.
Mr. WELLER. Is she still a widow?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. WELLER. I have no objection to the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and being engiossed, was read a third
time, and passed.
CLAYTON-BULWER TREATY.
On motion by Mr. HUNTER, all prior orders
of business were postponed, and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the motion submitted by Mr.
Cass, on Thursday, the 5th instant, to refer to the
Committee on Foreign Relations the message of
the President of the United States received on the
3d instant, communicating, in compliance with the
resolution of the Senate of December 12, 1853,
the correspondence which had taken place with
the British Government on subjects growing out
of the treaty of Washington of July 4,1850,since
the message of the President of December 30,1852.
Mr. CLAYTON proceeded to answer the speech
of Mr. Cass, delivered, and published in the Globe,
yesterday.
Having spoken about an hour and a half—
Mr. BADGER interposed, and said: Mr. Pres-
ident, I will ask my friend from Delaware, who
seems to be a good deal exhausted, to give way
in the discussion of this subject, and I will submit
a motion that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CLAYTON yielded the floor; Mr. Bad-
ger's motion was agreed to, and
The Senate adjourned.
[Mr. Clayton's speech will be found in the
Appendix.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 12, 1354.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Henry Slicer.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
FISHERIES.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I believe, Mr.
Speaker, that the first business in order is the con-
sideration of the resolution which I submitted on
yesterday, previous to the adjournment of the
House.
The SPEAKER. It will be the first business
in order, if called up. Before that is done, the
Chair desires to lay before the House a communi-
cation from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with its resolution of
January 3,1854, the correspondence with, and the
various orders which have been issued during the
past year to, the officers of the Navy commanding
vessels or squadrons on the Atlantic coast of Brit-
ish North America, for the purpose of protecting
the rights to fishing and navigation, secured to
citizens of the United States under the treaties
with Great Britain.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume it was the inten-
tion to have that information referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; but I do not see the chair-
man of that committee present. I move that the
communication be laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Post Office Department,
stating, in compliance with the act of Congress
approved July 2, 1836, the fines imposed and the
deductions from the pay of contractors during tiie
preceding year for failures to deliver the mail,
and for other causes, the names of the delinquents,
and the nature of the delinquencies, the routes on
which they occurred, the time when the fines were
imposed, whether the fines have been remitted, or
the order for the deductions rescinded, and for
what reasons.
Mr HOUSTON. I move that that communi-
cation be laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed.
The question was taken, and the i/otion was
agreed to.
CENSUS REPORT
The SPEAKER. The business first in order
is the considetation of the following resolution,
submitted last evening from the Committee on
Printing, by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Stajcton:]
"Resolved, That there be printed, for the use of the House
of Kepieseiitmvt's, by the public printer of the Ilou-e,
fifty thousand copies of a Compendium of the Seventh
Censu-, to be arranged by the Superintendent of the C^n-
s-u.-s pmbi acinw tne population by towns and counties; the
jatio tables of "population ; tables of nativities, buths, mar-
riaije*, and de.iiii*; of the deaf, dumb, bund, insane, and
idiotic ; of seboo!< and eotlpges; ot ajinregatf* of occupa-
tions; of clnitc'ie-.; of newspaper- and libr,ine<; anil of
aioieultural products, with illustrative notes and compara-
tive tabies: Provided, The said Compendium shall be
the ii/oti
r.V
printed in royal octavo form, and not exceed four hundred
pages."
Mr. MEACHAM. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make an amendment to the resolution which has
just been read, that there be printed 100,000, in-
stead of 50,000, copies of the proposed document.
The object I have in view is to give this document
to all of the people in the land. We have now
gathered statistics at an expense to the country of
a million and a half of dollars.
We have now made that compendium. What
are we to do with it? Are we to put it merely
into the Library of Congress, and into our public
libraries throughout the land, where there is not
one in a hundred, or one in a thousand, of the
people who can ever reach it?
My impression is, in respect to this matter,
that we ought to put that compendium in such a
position that it shall be accessible to every man
in the land. I know that the gentleman from
Illinois says we cannot give it to every voter.
That is all very true. The number of voters who
voted at the last Presidential election was three
million and one hundred and twenty-six thousand.
We could not print that number. The numberof
those who are entitled to vote in this land is prob-
ably over four million. But we can make this book
accessible to every man in the land by putting it
in public, assigned, and known places.
It has been my habit, sir, since I have been a
member of this House, to send one copy of every
permanent public document printed by order of the
House to the town clerk of every town in my
district; so that there is not a voter in that whole
district but may have access to each public doeu-
mentprinted. Let this plan be continued for twen-
ty, fifty, or a hundred years hence, and we will
have got a library of public documents which will
be of immense value to the public in giving inform-
ation. 1 know it is said, and I suppose you will
accoid its truth, that there is not in the whole
country a regular set of public documents pub-
lished by order of the Congress of the United
States. 1 suppose that a regular, full,'and com-
plete set cannot be found on the wholeglobe.
Now, the object I have in view, is to put a
number of this document within the reach of every
man who wishes to consult it. I believe it is our
duty to put this work into the hands of every man
conducting a public press, so that he may be able
to diffuse the information among the people, and
thus put it m the hands of every man who wishes
to consult it.
The only object I had in view, Mr. Speaker,
was to move this amendment; and now I have
done that  
The SPEAKER was proceeding to put the
amendment, but was interrupted by 
Mr. MEACHAM. I have not done yet. Let
me say further, Mr. Speaker, that if we print a
hundred thousand copies of this document, as was
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on
Printing, it will cost only thirty thousand dollars.
We have been at an expense, in fitting up the in-
side of the Library of Congress—where the wails
were standing, and where we had not purchased a
single book, but merely for setting up and adorn-
| ing the inside of the hbiary—which would have
f punted more that two hundred thousand copies of
this work. The sum of thirty thousand dollars
will send a hundred thousand copies of it through
all the land; and I believe that there is no other
way in which we can expend our money more
profitably.
Mr. EASTMAN. I have but a single word to
say, Mr. Speaker, in respect to this matter; but 1,
for one, am opposed to the amendment as moved
by the gentleman from Vermont. And my reason
for opposing it is this: I think that the book—the
large volume which has been published—is full of
errors. So far as my observations have extended,
I am sure it is. In proof of this assertion I will
mention one fact. The county in which I reside—■
the county of Grant, in the State of Wisconsin—
is composed, or was composed in 1850 
Several Members. "Louder!" "Louder!"
Mr. EASTMAN, if gentlemen do not hear*
my remarks, they can read them. I was saying,
Mr. Speaker, that the county of Grant in the State
of Wisconsin, was composed, in 1850, of sixteen
towns. In the book, as published, it is repre-
sented to contain only ten towns. The number
of the population, in 1850, when the census re-
turns were made, was over sixteen thousand. As
