1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8*1
Uri Emmons, reported from the Committee 011
Patents and the Patent Office, was read a second
tune, ami considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. I must object to that. I men-
tion in connection with it, though, that one reason is
owing to the irregularity with which our reports are
filed. I desire to call the attention of the Senate to
the fact. On my file the reports and other papers are
not regularly filed, and i think the persons whose
duty it is to attend to it s*houid do it better than
they do. As far as my documents are concerned,
neither reports nor bills are regularly filed. I
often find myseifat a loss when I desire to refer
to them.
The bill was passed over.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
The bill for the relief of Mjfhael Nourse, re-
ported from the Committee on Claims, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole.
It proposes to direct the proper accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury to pay to Michael Nourse,
late chief cleric in the office of the Register of the
Treasury, the difference between the compensa-
tion received by him as chief clerk, and the com-
pensation of the register, for the time that he per-
formed the duties of register under a temporary
appointmentby the President of the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read a third time, and passed.
The PRESi DING OFFICER. The Chair will
announce to the Senate, that the Calendar has now
been gone through with.
PETITIONS. ETC.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of James
Dixon, praying compensation for extra work
done by him on the court-house in the city of
Alexandria, while the said city was within the
territorial limits of the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Also, the petition of Harris Hill, on behalf of
himself, and the heirs and legal representatives of
William Scott, deceased, praying remuneration
for a tract of iand granted to the deceased by the
Spanish Government, and sold by the United
States as public land; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of Altha A.
Hoyle, on behalf of herself and others, heirs of the
late George Hoyle, late of Montgomery county,
Maryland, praying Congress to pass an act to
permit Geoige W. Hoyle to sell and assign a cer-
tain land warrant, granted to the said George
Hoyle during his lifetime; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CHASE presented the petition of R. Mc-
Cabe, praying a grant of land to the President
and Directors of the Cincinnati and Mackinaw
Railroad Company, in aid of the construction of
a railroad from Greenville to the Straits of Mack-
inaw; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented seven peti-
tions, signed by Shepherd Knapp and others, pen-
sion agents from six States—viz: New York, Ohio,
Indiana, Connecticut, New Jersey, and New
Hampshire—praying compensation for services
rendered; which, together with the papers on the
subject already on file, were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affaiis.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill for
the relief of L. E. L. A. Lawson, sole surviving
heir of General Eleazer W. Ripley, deceased;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. CH ASE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill granting to the
Cincinnati and Mackinaw Railroad Company
certain land to aid in the construction of said road;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
BARE. ABEONA.
Mr. SLIDELL asked and obtained the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to introduce a bill to
change the name of the bark Abeona to Mount
Vernon; and asked for its immediate consideration.
The bill was accordingly read a first and second
time, anil considered as in Committee of the
Whole. No amendment being made, it was re-
ported to the Senate, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read a third time, and passed.
MINNESOTA LAND DISTRICTS.
On motion by Mr. DODGE, of Iowa, the bill
to establish additional land districts in the Terri-
tory of Minnesota, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
1 NOTICES.
J Air. BADGER. I desire to mention to the
i Senate that I shall be under the necessity of being
! absent from the city for some ten days, from the
I beginning of next week, and I shall, therefore, on
Monday, if I can have the opportunity, ask the
| Senate to take up and consider the bill allowing.a
j credit, for a limited period, for duties on railroad
i iron imported into the United States; which was
i reported by me from the Committee on Finance,
j Mr.GWlN. 1 desire to give a similar notice,
i I shall ask the favor of the Senate on Monday
I next, to take up the bill repoited from the select
committee on the National railroad, in order that
I may present to the Senate my views upon it, as
I shall be compelled to be absent from the city to
take my family to the Pacific coast.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, Jip-il 7, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by'Rev. Wii.li.vm H. Milburn.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, made
m compliance with a resolution adopted by the
House oil the 4th instant, on motion of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grey.]
Mr. OLDS. The communication, I believe, is
a reply to a lesolution of this House, calling for
information about the Alabama mail contract,
which was under discussion here a few days ago.
I move to dispense with its reading, and to refer it
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, and that it be printed.
The SPEA KER. There being no objection, it
will be so ordered.
SENATE BTLLS.
The following bills from the Senate were taken
from the Speaker's table, read the first and second
times by their titles, and refeirtd as indicated
beiow;
An act for the relief of the West Feliciana Rail-
road, and the Georgia Railroad and Banking
Companies. Referred to the Committee of Claims.
An act to enable the United States to make use
of the solar compass in the public surveys. Re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act for the relief of Hodges & Lansdale, and
the legal representatives of Rinaldo Johnson and
Ann E. Johnson. Referred to the Committee of
Claims.
An act for the relief of the representatives of
Joseph Watson, deceased. Referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
An act for the relief of William Claude Jones.
Referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
TREATIES WITH THE INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ORR. As it is my purpose to leave the
city this evening, I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to make a report of a bill, to have it
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and printed.
The Clerk reported the title of the bill, as
follows:
Bill defining the terms on which treaties shall
hereafter be made with certain tribes of Indians,
and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER. This is a bill that has been
reported back from the Committee on Indian
Affairs with certain amendments.
Mr. ORR. I move that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and that the bill and amendments and report be
printed.
It was so ordered. i
TRANSPORTATION OF THE MAILS. j
The SPEAKER. The bill to empower the ,
Postmaster General to contract for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail from New Orleans I
to San Francisco, according to time, was pending
yesterday when the House passed from the morn-
ing hour. The pending motion is to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole oil the state
of the Union;and on that proposition the previous
question has been demanded.
Mr. CHURCH WELL, I do not know, Mr.
Speaker, that the House properly understands the
proposition before them. Some gentlemen near
me say they do not understand it,
Ihe SPEAKER. This bill was reported from
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
with an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
A mption is pending to commit the bill to the
Committee of the W hole on the stateof the Union;
and on that motion the previous question is
demanded.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. Mr. Speaker, I wish
to ask the gentleman who called for the previous
question, [Mr. McMullin,] whether he will not
withdraw that call, so as to enable me to modify
my original motion, and to move that the consid-
eration of the bill be postponed for three weeks, so
that it may not go to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ? I hope the gentleman
from Virginia will so far favor me.
Mr. McMULLlN. 1 cannot withdraw my
call for that purpose.
The question being on seconding the call for the
previous question,
Mr. TROUT demanded tellers; which were or-
dered; and Messrs. Vail and Cox were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 60, noes 33.
The SPEAKER. There is no quorum voting.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr.McMULLIN. 1 mo've that there bea call
of the House.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to. The roll was then called, and the Chair
announced that there was a quorum, 138 members
having answered to their names.
Mr. HAMILTON moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be suspended.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. PARKER here obtained the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order.. When a call of the House was
ordered, the House was dividing uffen a call for
the previous question, and that business is first in
order. Until that is disposed of, the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Parker] cannot be entitled to
the floor for any purpose.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is well
taken, and the tellers will resume their places.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask the gentleman who
made the call for tellers, and also the gentleman
who moved the previous question, to withdraw
those motions, in order that I may be heard a mo-
ment upon the bill under consideration.
The SPEAKER. Tellers have been ordered
by the House, and the call cannot be withdrawn.
The tellers resumed their places; and the ques-
tion being taken, they reported—ayes 60, noes
67.
So the House refused to second the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. ORR. 1 move that the further considera-
tion of the bill be postponed to this day three
weeks, and that the bill and amendment be printed.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. That is the motion I
was about to make.
Mr. HAMILTON. 1 hope that order will not
be made. This is a bill that we can now dispose
of as well as at any other time; and we are post-
poning and making special orders of too many
bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this motion de-
batable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HAMILTON. Then 1 move the previous
question.
Mr. JONES. Upon what does the gentleman
call the previous question ?
Mr. HAMILTON. Upon the motion to post-
pone.
Mr. JONES. The previous question cannot
be called upon that motion. I suppose the pre-
vious question, if seconded, will apply to the en-
grossmentof the bill, and that will, as I understand
it, cut off tVie motion to postpone.
Mr. ORR. It will have that effect under the
