THE CONGKESSIOME GLOBE.
It-
:■ i I
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JULY 14, 1854.
New Series.....No. 103.,
quarto form under direction of the Superintendent of pub-
lie printing, and the Secretary of the Navy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
know if the resolution is passed when these works
will probably be published?
Mr. STANTON. I am notable to inform the
gentleman from Illinois when they will be pub-
lished.
The resolution was then referred, under the rule,
to the Committee on Printing.
On motion by Mr. VAIL, it was
Ordered, That the papers on the files of the House in the
case of the petition of Thoma?. Dismoie he withdiawn, in
order to their reference to a committee of the Senate
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 move that the Moose do
now resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar; and I hope that it will
be with the unanimous understanding that this is
to be regarded as objection day.
[Cries of u Agreed ! agreed!" "No! no!"]
A Member. Why should we do that?
Mr. FAULKNER. Because it would enable
some twenty or thirty bills of a pressing character
to be passed in the course of the day.
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to the
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia.
CLOSE OF DEBATE ON THE COLT CASE.
Mr.THURSTON" moved the usual resolution,
closing debute on House bill No. 50 within thirty
minutes after the committee shall have resumed
the consideration thereof.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inqjire of the
gentleman from Rhode Island if that is Colt's bill?
Mr. THURSTON. It is.
Mr. FAULKNER. Has the committee of
investigation made a report yet?
Mr. THURSTON. It has not.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understood that
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Faulkner] had
made a motion to go into a Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
The SPEAKER. Even if that motion had
been made, still the motion of the gentleman from
Rhode Island {Mr. Thcrstox] would take pre-
cedence of it.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the House will vote
the latter motion down.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. When the com-
mittee last rose I had the iloor, and had the right
to address the committee for an hour. I would
inquire of the Chair what would be the effect of
the gentleman's motion, if agreed to, upon my
righ ts?
The SPEAKER. It would cut you off with half
an hour.
Mr. LETCHER. Would it be in order to
postpone the further consideration of the Colt case
until the select committee shall have reported?
The SPEAKER. It would not be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House should determ-
ine not to act upon the application for the re-
newal of the patent for the Colt pistol until after
the select committee ordered by the House shall
have reported, I shall ask the Hou«e to resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, in order to take up the Army
appropriation bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to close debate
is not debatable, even without the previous ques-
tion, but may be amended. The previous question,
however, cuts off amendment and debate.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to lay the
resolution upon the table.
Mr. CUTTING. I call for the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays G4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ball, Barksdale, Barry, Bennett, Benson,
Benton, Boyoe, Bugsr, Carpenter, Christian, Clark, Chnsj-
man, C« x, Oraisie, Cu«-ti-5, Cutting, John G. Davi,~, Dick,
Dickinson, Dovvdwll, Eddv, Edrmindson, Thomas D. Eliot,
John M. Elliott, Ellison. Farley, Faulkner, Fentori, Flakier,
Greenwood, Grow, A.iron Hailan, Wiley P. Harris, Hast-
ings, Hihhaid, Hiestei. EI illy er, Houston, Daniel T. Jones,
Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kittredge, ICiiitz, Latham,
L etcher, Lilly, Macdonald, McQueen, Matteson, Middle-
swarth, John G-. Miliar, Millson, Morgan, Morrison, Mur-
ray, MordecaiOliver, Parker, Pennington, Phelps, Phillips,
ioy
Powell, Preston, Piin«jl«, Ready, Reese, David Ritchie,
ll'ihhnis, Rubers, Ruftin, Shaw, Skclton, Geirit Smith,
William Smith, George VV. Smyth, Sollers, Strauh, John
J Taylor, John L. Taylor. Trout, Vail, Wade, Walley,
VValfh, ISlhhu B. Wa>hburne, Israel Washburn, John
Wontworthj Tnppan Wentworth, Witte, Daniel B. Wright,
Yates, and Zolheoffer—92
NAYS—Messrs. Aberciomhie, Aiken, David J. B >iley,
BeJeher. Budsjes, Campbell, Caiuilicrs, Chamberlain.
Chandler, Cobb, Corwin, Crocker, Cumminy, Thomas
Davis, Eastman, Edgeitou, Everhart, Florence. Green,
Haven, Herm, Hill, Hughes, J. Glancv Jones, Lindley,
Lindolev, McCulloch, Mci>ou a!l, McMulliri, McNun,
Mace, Maey, Maxw  II, MayaJI, Nichols, Noble, Norton,
Olds Orr, Peckham, Pratt, Puryear. Riddle, Thomas
Ritehey, ttowe, Rus>ell, Sabin, Sapp, Sevvaid, Seymour,
Shannon, Shuwer, William R. Smith, Frederick P. Stan-
ton, Richard II.' Stanton, He&tor L. Stevens, Stratum,
Andiew Stuart, David Stuart, Thurston, Van ant, and
Wtllf—(54.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Is it now in order to move
to postpone the further consideiation of this bill
until the second Monday of December next?
The SPEAKER, his not; but tne Chair thinks
it is competent for the Committee of the Whole
to recommend to the House the postponement of
its consideration. The hill is not now befoie the
House, but has been referred to a Committee of
the Whole House.
Mr. EDGER TON. I now move thatthe House
resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Edgerton in the chair.)
POSTPONEMENT OF THE COLT CASE.
The CHAIRMAN. The first hill in order is
the bill44 for ihe relief of Samuel Colt," and upon
that bill, thegentleman from Viigima [Mr. Smith]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SMITH. I do not rise to make a speech
upon this subject. It seems to me that it would
he unbecoming in this committee to go on with
the consideration of this case, from the fact that
a committee of inquiry in reference to matters
connected with it, has been appointed. I consider
it improper and useless, under such circumstances,
to consume the valuable time of this committee,
and I therefore move that this case be laid aside
with a recommendation to the House that its con-
sideration be postponed for the present.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I concur entirely with themo-
tion which has been made by the gentleman from
Virginia, and it seems to me that the members of
this committee must agree to the propriety of the
motion, when they take into consideration the
facts of the case.
A charge has been made upon this floor, which,
directly or indirectly, involves the piobity of the
gentleman who is now applying to this committee
for an extension of his patent. The application
which is made to the House is addressed to its
discretion. It is an application,notfounded upon
any legal right. Well, now, it i* very evident that
the House upon information which they consid-
ered sufficient, authorized a special committee to
be raised to inquire into the fact whether this gen-
tleman, or his agents, has been endeavoring to
tamper with the honor of this House, and having
taken that step, it would be utterly inconsistent
for them now to proceed to exercise their discre-
tion upon an application for favor to this party.
For, jf the committee were to report that the allega-
tions or suggestions which have been made were
founded in fact, that Mr. Colt is involved in that
transaction, it would be certainly derogatory to the
honor and character of the House that it should
confer its favor upon, or exercise its discretion in
favor of such a person. The consistency of the
House is directly involved in the matter. We
cannot consistently move in the matter, until the
committee, otganized for the purpose of making
investigations into the allegations that improper
means have been used by Mr. Coltto procure the
passage of this bill, have made their report. " It
surely would not be expedient for us to go on with
the consideration of this question, and grant an
extension of this patent, and exercise our judgment
or discretion in favor of this man^ and then after-
wards consider the question as to whether "the*very
man towards whom we have exercise'd ourTairtfr,
has violated the highest laws of the land, by "en-
deavoring to tamper with the judgment of 'the
highest tribunal in the land. It seems to- me,
therefore, that the committee cannot well do'other-
wise than concur in the proposition made by the.
gentleman from Virginia.
There is another reason why there is no neces-
sity for hasty action. The patent of Mr. Colt will
not run outfor some years yet, as I understand.
Mr. LETCHER. Not until 1857.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Then there is no need of
hurrving the matter to any final result now. I
would suggest that it be postponed until some
Monday in December next. I ask my friend from
Virginia to accept that modification to his motion.
Mr. SMITH. I will state that my object in
making the motion to lay the bill aside, was, that
it may be reported to the House, with the recom-
mendation that it be postponed until the report
shall have been made from the select committee.
I hate no disposition to cause any unnecessary
delay. I am perfectly willing that this discussion
shall go on as soon as that report is made; and it
seems to me no one will object to its being post-
poned until that time. I hope the motion will be
agreed to.
' The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state to
the gentleman that a motion to lav the bill aside
is not in order in Committee of the Whole House,
it was so decided, in reference \o this particular
bill, only a week since.
Mr. SMITH. I understood the Speaker to state,
immediately before leaving the chair, that'he had
no doubt it was in the power of the committee to
lay aside the bill, with a recommendation tf at it be
postponed until the report of the select committee
shall have been made.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the Chair under-
stand the motion to be to lay the bill aside to be
reported to the House, with a recommendation that
it be postponed ?
Mr. SMITH. That was my motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks that
motion is in order.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the consideration of thts bill had better
be postponed until some particular day.
Mr. SMITH. I have no objection to that. 1
will move, then, that it be laid aside to be reported
to the House, with a recommendation that its con-
sideration be postponed until the first Friday after
the first Monday in December next.
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to inquire what
would be the position of the bill if the House
should refuse to postpone? Would the bill then
be on its passage ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill would be before
the House for its consideration; and itmighteither
be postponed, passed, or recommitted to the com-
mittee.
Mr. CUTTING. As a point of practice, it
seems to me that we ought not to assent to the de-
cision that this Committee of the Whole House
have no power to regulate its own action upon
matters under its consideration. It seems to me
so extraordinary a decision, that I do not think
the committee, on full reflection, will adhere to it.
To say, if a measure be pending, and that in-
formation is on its way to the committee to enable
it to act, that the committee is powerless even
until they can obtain such information, would, it
seems to me, reduce us to a condition, which, on
reflection, lam sure members would not be willing
to agree to. Therefore, with a view once more to
test "the matter, I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SMITH. I do not understand that the
proposition I made has been ruled out of order by
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gen'leman's p.ropo«;
sition has not been ruled out of order.
Mr. CUTTING. I beg pardon of the Chair; I
thought that it had.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair stated that a
