1730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 14,
motion to lay the bill aside, and to take up the |i The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will then state j
next on the Calendar, was not in order*, bat that jj that, in pursuance of a previous decision of the 1
it wns in order to move that the bill be laid aside committee, in relation to this very bm,made two 1
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-j weeks ago, the motion to lay aside is not in I
ation that its consideration be postponed to a j! order. j
future day. _ j; Mr, SMITH, of Virginia, From that decision j
Mr. CUTTING. Then, from that decision of j; of the Chair I appeal, and I demand tellers on the 1
the Chair, declcuihg as the parliamentary law of j; appeal. ;
this committee, that it is not within its power to ■! Mr. WALLEY. This question arose a fort- j
lay aside a bill, no matter under what circumstari- j night fcince, when 1 had the honor of occupying the !
ees—that the rule is inexorable, and out of the !; chair. There v>ere then two questions presented !
coiiucl vf a majority of the committee—I most j' for the consideration of the committee.
respectfully take an appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to which the
gentleman refers hes not been made. The gentle-
man from Virginia has submitted no such motion.
Mr. Oil 1'TiNG. 1 understood the gentleman
to move that this bill be laid aside.
Mr. SMI FH. 1 m'vetrud the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recommend-
ation that its further consideration be postponed
until the first Friday after the first Monday in
December next.
Mr. CUTTING. Until aftei the coming in of
the leport from the select committee.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. Does the
Chair decide that it h not in order to move to lay
this bill aside, and without qualification?
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair will state that
he was informed that a week since the committee,
pending the consideration of this very bill, de-
cided that a motion to iay the bill aside was not in
order. In conformity with that precedent, the
Chair decides th*t a motion to lay the bill aside in
not in order. But the gemlemtm from Virginia |
has made no such motion. Tits motion if, that l u !
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House, with |
the recommendation that us further consideration 1
be postponed mud the first Friday after the fnp.t i
Monday in December next. That motion the !
Chriir de-ide.-' be in ord*r. ,
Mr. WENTWORTii, h is ri-ht that the1
committee should act understandmglv on this !
matter, i contend that, under the motion of the j
gent'eman from Virginia, this House can, and j
will, pass this oill to-day. It should not £o to the 1
Houtie hi ail
Mr. WALSH. If th^ [T^iae it, the ;
quicker thoy adjourn the better. I
The CHAIRMAN". When thebill goes to the .
House, the House ran postpone its further con- '
Biderauon, or put it on in passage. 1
Mr. WENT WORTH, tf it goes there it will j
be passed, and not postponed.
Mr. DiCKlNbON. i move that the further
consideration of the bill he postponed until the
Friday after the firat Monday in December next.
The CHAIRMAN. Tlw committee cannot
postpone the further  M imiduation of the bill; but
it may lepnr* it 'he H"n^e, with the rcom-
mcndatJ'Ti th-'t ji« fnithfr eonsuleiation b   post-
poned. Jti the House it van he postponed, or
passed, a? m«v h.  deemed most nipper.
Mr. HOUSTON. The recommeiubuio
 hm committee may make will have no we'
Mr. WALSH. Is this question debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. WALLEY. 1 wish the committee would i
indulge me merely for a single moment. !
[Cues of "Order!" " Order !"] i
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir- f
ginia [Mr. Smith] moves that the bill now before j
the committee be laid aside. The Chair, m pur- j
suanceof the decision of the committee made twice :
in relation to this very bill, decides that that mo- ;
tion is? not in order. From that decision the gen-
tleman from Virginia takes an appearand demands
tellers. The question now is, <4 Shall the decision !
of the Chair stand as the mdgment of the com- i
mittee?" '
Mr. WALLEY. Do 1 understand that there I
is any objection to my making a brief statement? !
Mr. WALSH. Yes, sir; 1 object. 1
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs- Phillips and S
Campjif.ll were appointed. !
The question way taken; and the tellers reported •
—ayes 62, noes 76. i
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained.
The question then lecurred on Mr. Smith's
moiion to lay the oil' aside; which nntjnn waw 1
agreed to.
CHARLES LEE JONES. j
House bill (No. 63) 44 f< r the relief of Charles >
I move to lay Jhat bill aside,
Lee Jones.'
Mr. SEWARD.
also.
Mr. FAULKiXER. 1 r/ould inquhe of the
gentleman from Geoigia, (Mr. Seward,] for what,
reason he makes thai motion? This bill is a small !
matter, and should paas.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, 1 withdraw themotion. ;
The bill was reported in cxttmw. \
It provides that a sum, not exceeding $2,UQ0, -
shall be paid to the claimant, Charles Lee Jones, ,
in full for hi#  expenses and services in raising, 1
subsisting, and transporting three companies of'
volunteer,s in the District of Columbia to nerve in
the war against Mexico.
The report of the Committee on Military Affairs, :
to whom the matter had been referred, was read. ;
It appears fiom that report, that in April, 1347,
th * President of the United Stales had decided to I
accept the services of tnree companies of volun-
teers, to 1)0 raised in the District of Columbia, to '
serve in the war with Mexico, which, with two ,
that j. companies to he raised in Maryland, were to form 1
ht in ,,a battalion under the command of a lieutenant ,
the n<ma«. Thcugh the recommendation may I. colonel. The petitioner, under the firm assurance
be in accordant with the motion mad& by the I m his own mind, derived from a combination of
gK .tlemaii from Virginia, yrt, if ihe friends of the circumstances, that he was invited to undertake
meat'iire be m the m"j'Oity. they may postpone, \\ the raising of the^e three companies, m the in-
or pass if, Jis they choose. The best way for the , tended commander of the battalion, entered upon
friends n* the brl m g* t n into tlie House is to j; the work of rnising them, and between the i9t.li
vote for the motion. , of April, 1847. and the 8th of June, had ac-
Bu*, \Jr. Chairman, as the committee does no* tuaUy raided, and mustered, and enrolled in the
Kt-# rn ijiVi-twfd to vote on the propositi';!!, ] move ■ service, two <-nmpl«te companies, and al! but a
that «t b* informally pn*s*d by, and thaL we take '■ small portion of the third, at hie own expense
Ui> for consideration the n^xt business on the! 11 ' * '
Caleo'j^r. mLmj-ii seem desirous to hi ve the ;
report frciu She select committee before pcving :
the ci" ■ject, ant! • :l.crdr->re tnut no objection will .
be made to my rm tion. If we do not wish to act
on this bill, lee us go to some other hmnness which |
we may act on.
Mr. CUTTING. I kno^v of no betfer lime
tlsan the prestrot to s^tL5e what seejns to b:k ti enn-
tro'et* ed point of pnrliamcritsrv p«act co, that the
Co r r/'tee of ir-e ^Vnoie icp^'.vsr'tss with refor-
airf l-(
'!^r-c^ition oi i uriGe'' if? con-
sidn-uf ">v..
The C£lAi'RMA,N. D'scussior. is not in order.
M<*. SM^TH, o* In otder that the
quesrion ■.v.u.y he di?t ncny raised and -rcted, 1
witl-drD .v riy n'£0*:r-"{   rd rr>ovg the l;di oiider
confeidemt on be Ja^d Rr.d that the next hill
on the Caknd&r b* up fr - sciion.
lif* dm not, however, receive the commission of
brutenant colonel which he had expected. The
committee, hov-ever, consider him entitled to his :
expenses jo j !?■> - ^ ^hese companies, and to his.
pay pr lieutenant colonel during fortv-five days
from 19th April tn h>i}j June, and report a bill for
that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. After the report which has
just been read, it is necessary for me to make but
one two explanator^r remarks in support of
this bill. The committee win perceive that iu
object is to reimburse Lieutenant Colonel Jones for
expenses incurred by him in raising two companies
for sei vice jn ihe Mexica-i war. When his me-
morial was first presented to Congress, the ch'im
amoauicd to ^omethi,.g like $9,000. The War
Depajtment, st that psriod, for some reason not
very sa^'s^actoiy, made difficulties in the recog-
nition of this claim 5 but since that time its general
justice has been fully recognized, and a large por-
tion of it adjusted by the War Department; and
there remains now due to hirn, according to the
statement before me, a balance of some $800,
with interest. This balance has not, so far, been
allowed by the War Department, simply be-
cause the petitioner was not able to furnish testi-
mony in support of the items in accordance to the
strict rules established by that Department. They
have allowed him his pay as lieutenant colonel,
and the only matter remaining unadjusted are
certain items of expenses incurred in the raising of
these troops; and which it is asked shall be set-
tled upon principles of equity and justice. The
Department has expressed no doubt of the justice
of the balance unpaid.
Mr. WALSH. 1 wish to inquire if this gen*
tieman was regularly deputed to raise these troops,
or whether he raised them for the purpose of com-
manding them himself?
Mr. FAULKNER. I will state, in reply to
the gendeman from New York, that Lieutenant
Colonel Jones had received assurances from high
sources, deemed satisfactory by him, that if, by
his patriotic exertions, he could succeed in raising
these companies, he should be placed in command
of the battalion from the Distiict. Why that
promise way not subsequently compli-d whh—
why he did not receive that command, it is not
now necessary for me, at this time, to trouble the
committee with relating. It is enough to state
that he did exert himself with energy, liberality,
and patiiotism; that he did succeed m raising two
companies, and a part of a third. The facts ad-
nut of !;o question There is no doubt of the
merits and justice of ihn application. He raieed
those companies, they were accepted by the Gov-
ernment, and they actually served in the Mexican
war. The only question involve-), at this time, is,
as to the allowance of certain expenses incurred
by him in raising those troops. 1 repeat, sir,
that the Secretai y of War has express* d no doubt
as to the justice of this clnim, as now demanded;
and would have allowed it, but for the fact that
the testimony did not come within the Htrict rules
; prescribed by that Department. This bill only
i proposes to authorize the Secretary of W«r to
; settle those accounts according to the principles of
| equity and justice.
| The bill was then laid aside tfl he reported to
| the House, with a lecommer.dat'on that it do pass.
! CAPTAIN GEORGE SIMPTON.
| House bill (No. 99) " for the relief of Captain
, Geoige Simpton, of Galveston."
i The bill provides that the Secretary of the
, Treasury be directed to pay, out of any money
j m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to
I Captain George Sunpton, of Galveston, the sum
; of $1,6(10, in full payment of his claim formdem-
j mfcention for loss of schooner Alert, whilst in the
I public service, during the war with Mexico.
The report states that m the month of March,
1847, the French bark Jeune Nelly, of Havre,
was captured as a prize by the United States
steamer Hunter, commanded by Captain Mc-
Laughlin, while attempting to violate the blockade
of Vera Cruz. The claimant, George Simpton,
being the owner of a schooner called ihe Alert,
wi'.'y at that time employed by ihe quartermaster
to carry provisions/rorn Sacrficios to Camp Ba^
gara for the use of the division of the army under
, the command of Geneial Twiggs. Alter the
capture of the French bark, the services of Cap-
tain Simpton, who was an efficient seaman, and
a skillful and experienced pilot, were required
by Captain McLaughlin for the purpose of taking
the Hunter, with her prize, into harbor. The cap-
ture was made late in the evening of the 20th
| March, and the wind being hghi, Captain Mc-
! Laughhn ordered the vessels to be tsken into the
| anchorage under Green Island, to remain until
( the morning. Before this was done, a severe
■ <l norther" sprung up, and the pilot was oidered
j to take the vessels into the harbor, While at-
; tempting to execute this order, the three vessels
| were driven uoon a reef by the violence of the
j winds, although prompt and vigorous efforts were
• made by the officers and crew to save them. The
: Hunter, with hsrpiize, and the schooner Alert,
i were all wholly lost, the officers and men escap-
ing with great difficulty. Captain Simpton now
asks that he may be indemnified for the loss of
his ves&el.
