16*2
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
be printed by the Committee on Public Print-
ing.
There are in my district some fifty or a hundred
public libraries—voluntary associations of men,
organized for the benefit of their fellow creatures.
I have upon my table one hundred and fifty or
two hundred letters from parties in the city and
county of Philadelphia, and especially in my own
district, asking that they may be put in possession
of copies of the census.
Now, as I understand the resolution reported
by the Committee on Printing, it provides for a
compendium of the statistics that have already
been published, and I take it for granted that if
errors have occurred, an opportunity will be af-
forded for the Superintendent of the Census to
correct those errors.
The gentleman from Wisconsin refers to the
fact, that the number of inhabitants in a certain
county in his State is not correctly stated. I can
easily understand why that is the case. The cen-
sus was taken two or three years ago, and the
probability is that since that time there has been
a large increase of the number of inhabitants in
that county, as there has been all over the Union.
There has, perhaps, been an increase of several
millions of inhabitants in the whole Union since
the last census was taken.
I take it for granted that the statistics are as
nearly correct as it is possible to get them. The
imperfect manner in which the census is taken
sometimes makes me wonder that the results are
as correct as they are. I regret to say that in the
selection of deputy marshals to take the census—
as is unfortunately the case in all the other opera-
tions of the Government—sufficient care is not
taken to appoint the most intelligent men. Polit-
ical preference is exercised in making the choice
of agents for that purpose, rather than a regard to
the ability"they possess, and it is therefore not to
be wondered at, that errors have occurred in pre-
paring the tables.
Another reason may, perhaps, be found in the
change of the Superintendent of the Census. I
do not pretend to say that it is so, because I do
not know it to be the fact; but I will say, without
arraigning anybody who thought proper to make
that change, that it did not meet the approbation
of my judgment. I considered the gentleman who
was first selected as Superintendent of the Census,
eminently capable for the performance of the du- '
ties of thdt office; and I took occasion to show, by
my vote upon this floor, how well convinced I
was of the entire fidelity with which he conducted
that important Department of the Government.
There are public libraries in my district to which
I feel it to be my duty always to send the public
documents which are given to me in trust for dis-
tribution. I make it a point to supply public insti-
tutions first, and individuals afterwards; and I
have answered almost every individual who has
written to me, asking for copies of the census,
that I cannot comply with the request unless Con-
gress adds to the number of copies placed in the
hands of members for distribution.
Speaking for my constituents—a part, and per-
mit me to say, a very important part of the people
of this nation—I have felt it my duty, m this humble
manner, briefly to state the reasons why I shall
vote for the largest number of these documents,
and to ask the House to vote the additional num-
ber, in order that this information may be properly
distributed among the people, to whom it belongs;
and if there are errois in it, they can be corrected
by the statistical papers made up in the different
States and counties in the Union. Certainly it
will afford a basis for a proper calculation of the
population, and the great manufacturing and agri-
cultural interests oftffis country; and when another
census comes to be taken, a knowledge of the
error committed in the making up of the present
table, will enable our officers to avoid the rock upon :
which they may seem to have split at this time. |
While 1 am up, I will, with the indulgence of J
the House, make a personal explanation. I was |
detained from taking my Meat in the Hall yester- j
day by an annoying and irritating indisposition, j
Had I been present I should have voted with the i
majority on the resolution tendering the thanks of:
Congress and a medal to Captain fn^raham for |
his gallant act of daring and humanity in the Bay i
of Smyrna.
_ Mr. HAMILTON.' I move to lay the resolu- i
tion and amendment upon the table. L
The question was taken, and the motion was
disagieed to—only 24 voting in the affirmative.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose that the proposi-
tion under consideration is understood by the
House, and as it is important for us to get on to
other business, I call for the previous question.
Mr. WALSH. I rise to a question of order. 1
would like to know whether it is in order for a
gentleman to remain standing on the floor with a
view of keeping it from other members?
Several Members. It is decidedly out of order
to do so.
The SPEAKER. In assigning the floor, it is
impossible for the Chair to tell who have been
standing or who have risen from their seats to
claim his attention. It is presumed that members
always rise from their seats to address the Chair.
The Chair decides that the gentleman from Ala-
bama is in order.
The call for the previous question was seconded,
and the main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Will the Chair be pleased
to state the exact condition of the question before
the House?
The SPEAKER. The question upon which
; the House will first vote is the amendment which
J was submitted to the resolution of the gentleman
i from Kentucky, [Mr. Stanton-,] by the gentle-
j man from Vermont, [Mr. Meacham,] to provide
■ for the printing of one hundred thousand, instead
| of fifty thousand copies of the compendium of the
j census.
Mr. HAMILTON. I demand the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and the amend-
ment was agreed to—yeas 114, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Willis Alien, Belcher,
Benson, Bissell, bridges, Campbell, Carpenter, Cai uther®,
Chamberlain, Chiv-e, Church well, Conk, Cor win, Crocker.
Thomas Davis De Witt, Dick, Dickinson, Disney, Eddy",
Edmunds, Elliott, English, Everliart, Farley, Florence,
Franklin, Guldings. Green, Greenwood, Andrew J. Harlan,
Wiley P. Harris, Harrison, lliester, Hill, Howe, Hughes,
Hunt, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kidwell, Kittiediie, Knox,
Kurtz, Lane, Latham, Lindley, L>on, McCulloch, Mc-
Dougnl, McNair, Maev, Matteson, Mayall, Meacham,
Middleswarth, Smith Miller, Morgan, Noble, Norton, An-
drew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Orr, Parker, Peckhum,
Pennington, John Perkins, Pratt, Putyear, Ready, Thomas
Ritchey, Rogers, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sevinour,
Shannon, Shower, SkeHon, Gernt Smith, Wilham'Sniuh,
William ft. Smith, George W. Smyth, Frederick P. Stanton,
Richard H. Stanton, lleMor L. Stevens, Stratton, Stiaub,
Andrew Stnaif, John J. Taylor, John L.Tayloi,Thurston,
Tracy, Trout, Tweed, Upimm, Vail, Vansant, Wade,
Walbridge, Walker, Walley, Warren, Elhhu B. Wash-
bump, Israel Washburn, Wells, John YVentworfh, Tappan
Wontworth, Westbrook, Witte, Hendnck B. Wright, and
Yates—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abercrombie, Aiken, Applelon, Ash,
Barry, Boeock, Breckinudgp, Brooks, Clark, Cljnpman,
Cobb, Coy, Craisje, Cutting, John G. Davis, Dawson, Dean,
Dowdeil, Dunbar, LLastman. Edmuudsnn, Elh<on, Ether-
ldge, Ewin<r, Faulkner, Fuller, Goode, Giey, Grow, Ham-
ilton, Sanij) on W. Harris, Hastings, Ilaven, Hendueks,
Henn, IJibbard, Hillyer, Houston, Inger^oll, George W.
Jones, Roland Jones, K>itr, Macdonald,' MeMulUn,
McQueen, Maco, Maurice, Maxwell, John G. Miller, Mill-
son, Morri-on, Murray, Nichols, Peck, Phelps, Preston,
Reese, Richardson, Robbins, Ituffin, Snodgra&s, Walsh,
Wheeler, and Zoilicolicr—64.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HILLYER. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution, as amended,
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was then taken; and the resolu-
tion was adopted.
Mr. STANTON, of Kentucky. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted, and that that motion be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call upon
committees for reports, beginning with the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, at" which the call
stopped on the last day.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back the petition and
papers of Y/ilham Biown, and moved their refer-
ence to the Committee on Claims; which motion
was agreed to.
Also, reported from the same committee, A
bill for the relief of Henry N. Haktead;" which
was read a first and second time by its title, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
made the order of the day for to-morrow; and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
Ah°o, from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition and papers of Samuel
C. Dickinson; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDRlCK_S,from the same committee,
reported the following bilU; which were severally
read a first and second time by their titles, referred
to Committees of the Whole House, and made the
order of the day for to-morrow, and, with the re-
ports accompanying, ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Benjamin IXdmmond,of
the State of New York;
A bill for the relief of Henry J. Snow, of Rome,
in the State of New York; and
A bill for the relief of Charles Staples.
On motion by Mr. STUART, of Ohio, the
Committee on invalid Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the following pe-
titions; and they were ordered to lie on the table:
The petition of Margaret C. Hanson;
The petition of Joshua Lewis; *
The petition of John Gallagher;
The petition of Fielding G. Brown;
The petition of the daughter of General Solo-
mon Yan Rensalaer, deceased;
The petition of Josiah Martin;
The petition of Elijah Armstrong;
The petition of the legal representatives of
Samuel J. Smith, deceased; and
The petition of R. It. Piatt.
Mr. STUART, of Ohio, from the Committee
I'on Invalid Pensions, to whom was referred the
r petitions of Lemuel Hudson, of Harriet Leaven-
worth, of George S. Clafhn, and of James P.
Green, made reports thereon, accompanied by
bills of the following titles:
House bill (No. 124) " for the relief of Lemuel
Hudson;"
House bill (No. 125) £t for the lelief of Harriet
Leaven woith, widow of the late brevet Brigadier
General Leavenworth;"
House bill (No. 126) " for the relief of George
S. Claflin;" and
House bill (No. 127) "for the relief of James
F. Green."
Which bills were severally read a fir ft and second
time by their titles, committed to a Committee of
the Whole House, made the order of the day for
to-morrow, and the bills and reports ordered to be
j printed.
j Mr. EDMANDS, from the same committee, to
; which weie referred the petitions of Thomas Fra-
! zer, of Cornelius H. Latham, and Samuel W.
; Brady, made reports thereon, accompanied by the
i following bills:
S House bill (No. 128) 11 for the relief of Thomas
j Frazer;"
House bill (No. 129) <( for the relief of Cornelius
i H. Latham;" and
i House bill (No. 130) " for the relief of Samuel
| W. Brady."
Which bills were severally read a first and sec-
j ond time by their titles, committed to a Commit-
! tee of the Whole House, made the order of the
j day for to-morrow, and the bills and reports or-
dered to be printed.
! On motion by Mr. EDMANDS, it was
j Ordered. That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
, dischai^ed from the further consideration of the petition of
; Levi M. Roberts, and that the same be laid upon the table.
I On motion by Mr. EDMANDS, it was also
i Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pennons be
: discharged fiom the fuither eonsideiatinn of the petitions of
1 Cotton Murry, ot the widow of William Flora, ot Jacob
I bailor, of .Tame* Shorey, of Levi W. Roberts, ot llolly
: Guile, of Cephas Cha-e, and oi Reuben Gaboon, and that the
! same be laid upon the tabic.
| On motion by Mr. YAIL, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
, dit-chaised from the further consideration of the petitions
1 of Hemy Miller, of the heii- of Uenry Dver, of Abra-
j ham Peueneill, of Pamel Ha«er, jr., of PaikiMin Mucht-11,
| and of Robert Stevenson, and that the same be laid upon the
| tdble.
I On motion by Mr. TWEED, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-ions be
, discharged fiom the further con^ideiation ot the petitions
of Aaron Tucker, of M' int';of George Babcock, of
; Michigan; ot Thomas B llaivev, and of John ftaird, and
; that the Pione be laid upon the table.
On motion by Mr. HOUSTON, it was
Ordered. That the Committee on Way*? and Means he
discharged fiom the timing consideration ofthe petitions of
William II. Winder, oJlenns for ^alo a build ma owned by him
and now m the ore upancy of the Government in this city,
and the pioee:'flm<rs of the citizens of Indiana relative to
. an appropriation for the building of a United States court-
house a;.d land office at Indianapolis, Indiana; and that
