1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
168
the same !>'■ referred to the Committee oil 1'ublie Buitdnigs
and Giuaiub.
[A message was here received from the Sen-
ate, by Mr. Miches, its Chief Clerk, informing
the House that the Senate had passed a bill (No.
Oi) entitled " An act for the relief of Priscilla C/.
Simonds," and requesting the concurrence ofydie
House therein.] y
disbursement of the senate's contin-
gent fund.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mute on Ways and Means to report back to the
House the Senate bill m relation to the pay of
members of the Senate, with amendments. I will
say to the House, that this is the bill which was
under discussion some week or ten days since.
We have made several amendments to it, and 1
think that we have obviated all the difficulties which
have bepn presented to it heretofore; but as these
amendments may not be very thoroughly under-
stood by the House, I propose that the considera-
tion of the bill may be postponed until some other
day,and that the amendments maybe printed. I
theiefore move that the further consideration of
the bill be postponed until Tuesday next, and that
the bill and amendments be piloted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise simply for the pur-
pose of saying that I think it is but fair to the Sen-
ate, that we should act upon this matter promptly.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is what I want to do.
Mr. CLIA'GMAN. 1 was about to inquire
whether the subject would come up as a matter of
necessity next Tuesday, if we postpone its con-
sideration Ui'til that day' While I desire that we
should act understandingly upon this subject, I
think it is but fair that in such a matter we should
act promptly.
The SPEAKER. If the Idouse agree to post-
pone until Tuesday, it will come up on thid day
m order, when the Committee on Ways and Means
are calk d for reports.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the House would
prefer postponing it until some day next week.
As far as I am concerned, I am anxious that the
bill should be acted on as soon as possible; and if
the House prefer it, I will move to postpone until
to-morrow instead of Tuesday.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I hope the House
will not postpone the consideration of this bill.
I know the fact that Senators, or a large number
of them, liase already suffered very great incon-
venience m consequence ot' the delay in passing
that bill. And I know more than that 
Mr. HOUSTON. In order to obviate discus-
sion upon that point, I will withdraw the motion to
postpone, and allow the bill to remain befoie the
House. I merely made (he motion to postpone
and print, because I thought the House would
prefer to have the amendments m their posses-
sion before acting upon them. If, however, that
is not necessary, I greatly prefer that the House
should act at once. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me, I will make a brief explana-
tion of the amendments proposed by the Com-
mittee on AVays and Means. It will not take
more than a minute.
In the first place, we propose to strike from the
bill all that relates to the contingent fund of the
Senate, and confine its provisions to the compen-
sation of the members of the Senate.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means,
if he will allow me, whether this bill, as reported
by that committee, will prove satisfactory to the
Senators themselves? i
Mr. HOUSTON. I believe it wul. But, to i
proceed: We have made the bill apply to the j
compensation of the Senators alone. We have
stricken from it the clause giving an extra compen-
sation to the Secretary of the Senate. We 'nave
made him a disbursing officer, subject, nowever,
to the supervision ot the proper auditing officer in
the Treasury Department.
We have stricken from the bill the entire third
section, which proposes that the expenses to be
paid from the contingent fund ot the senate,
be audited by a committee of the Senate, vv e
prefer to let them go to the regular accounting
officers of the Treasury.
Mr. BAYLY. If the chairman ofthe Committee
on Ways and Means lias eoi rectiy described these
amendments, I am, for one, prepared to ycr pretty
promptly m reference to them, without taking the
time to print. The Senate have passed a law pro-
viding for the administration, by themselves, of
their own contingent fund, and providing a mode
for paying their own officers. Now, I do not care
what they have put in the bill in reference to this
subject. I do not care what are its provisions.
I maintain that, m consideration of the relations
which exist between the two Houses of'Congtess,
this body ought liotto assume a guardianship over
the Senate as to the mode of auditing their own
contingent fund, or as to the mode of paying, or
amount to be paid, its officers. Our rules are so
jealous of any interference by one of the Houses
of Congress with the other, that it is not even in
Older here to refer in debate to what occurs there.
So far as the management of our own affairs
goes—the election of our offieeis, the expenditure
of our contingent funds, and our own payment—
these bodies ought to have nothing whatever to do
with each other. Ill feeling has already been cre-
ated by ail attempt to put a guardianship over the j
Senate in this matter. Gentlemen are not content :
with making the Secretaiy of the Senate a dis- |
bursing officer, and letting the Senators be paid j
their legal allowances through him, but the audit-
ing of theii contingent fund is to betaken fiom the
Senate and canied to the Treasury Department, i
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I hope the i
gentleman from Virginia will not press Ins view
m favor of sustaining this third section, because I i
think that by doing so he endangers the passage
of the whole bill. I want the bill to pass as the
Committee on Ways and Means propose, and I
think the Senate will be satisfied with it m that
shape. _ !
1 think the gentleman is slightly mistaken in the j
remark which he last made. We do not propose
to take the auditing of their accounts from the |
Senate at all. The vouchers and accounts for all
the expenditures they make out of their contin-
gent fund are audited now in the Treasury De-
partment, just precisely as the accounts of the
expenditures of this House are audited there.
The bill as it comes from the Senate proposes to
introduce a new rule and a new principle into our
legislation, and we propose to let the matter be
regulated hy existing laws.
Mr. BAYLY. I may have misunderstood the
action of the Senate, and I should therefore like to
have the bill read, so that we may understand it
properly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The third section of the bill
is the one that brings up this point. That section
proposes that the Committee on Accounts shall
audit all the\ouchers and expenditures growing
out of the contingent fund, and that the auditing
ot that committee shall be conclusive upon all
the auditing departments of the Treasury. The
Committee on Ways and Means propose to strike
out that section, und to let the Senate's accounts
 not for the per diem and mileage of Senators,
or anything that relates to them personally, but
for the expenditure of their contingent fund—go
to the Department, and be audited as ouis are.
Mr. WHEELER. Letusha\e the bill lead.
It will enable us tu understand the matter far bet-
ter than all these explanations.
The Clerk then read the bill, as pioposed to 1
be amended by the committee. I
Mi. BAYLY, of Vngmia. I am in favor of
the Senate bill precisely as it came to us, for two 1
reasons: in the first place, because 1 think that the
bill is right, and see no occasion for any amend-
ment; and m the second place, because I am op- .
posed to amending it by this House in the partic-
ulars proposed by the Committee on Ways and
Means, for the simple reason that I think the
Senate ought to be intrusted with the management
of their own contingent fund, and will, the selec-
tion of a depositary to hold that fund—not omy
of their contingent fund, but also the payment of
their per diem, without having to go through all
of the forms in auditing accounts at the Treas-
ury. Those amendments, it occurs to me, tire of-
fensive to the Senate. if I weie a member of that
body, 1 am perfectly free to say,! shouLUeel that
they were offensive to that body as a body.
This House impliedly undertakes to say to the
Senate, that m passing the In", it does propose
I proper guards in respect to its contingent tnnd
and the payment of the per diem and mileage of
its members; thai it has left o(ien oppoituoities to
fraud and corruption u^on the part ot one of its
| committees ana its officers. The Senate have
thought that they threw guards enough around a
matter which concerns themselves, and this House
comes in and says " Oh no ! your accounts must
go to one of the auditors; for it is not sufficient
that a committee of the Senate, composed of rep-
resentatives of sovereign States, and under all the
responsibilities of the senatorial character, should
have charge of the matter; it is not sufficient that
the accounts of your contingent fund should be
audited by that accounting officer; but you must
undergo the supervision of an appointee of the
Executive." I do not care so much about the provi-
sions of the bill, as I do about this attempt to in-
stitute a soit of guaidianship over the Senate in
the management of their own contingent fund and
other affairs.
The gentleman said, if I understood him cor-
rectly—and I do not always understand him cor-
rectly, it seems—thatthat was thelaw now. Well,
if it be the law—and I do not think it is—if it be
the law now, the Senate m this matter wish for a
more covenient and appropriate mode- 
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I interrupt
the gentleman from Virginia, because he really
does not understand me. I presume, however,
it is my fault that he does not. I said this: that
as the law now stood, all of the expenditures
of the Senate out of their contingent fund had to
undergo the scrutiny of the auditing Depart-
ment of the Tieasnry- That is what 1 said was
the law, and the third section of this bill proposes
a change in it. It proposes to take away Irom
the Treasury Department all control over the ex-
penditures of the .Senate in its contingent fund, and
to leave the auditing of them to the committee of
that body, entirely inesponsible to the ordinary
chitnnels'tlii'ough the Tieasury Department.
Now, sir, this bill proposes to make an inroad
upon the evicting law and usage, and to cut itself
loose, as far as the contingent (mid of the Senate
is concerned, from all responsibility; and thereby
to have one mode of passing on the accounts of
the Senate, and another mode for the House, such
as the gieat muss of the people, in getting their
accounts audited, would have to submit to. Now,
sir, I think the proper way is that we should have
one mode for the two Houses of Congress, and
one and the same mode for everybody else.
Mr. BAYLY. The gentleman from Alabama
complains that 1 do not understand his remarks.
I certainly have endeavored to understand him;
and if 1 did not succeed in doing so he must ex-
cuse me, seeing that it is not from any want of an
eiioi't to that eilecton my part. One thing is very
certain: the gentleman m his statements is very ob-
scure, or I am very obtuse. I tried to understand
him, sir; and I do not know how it was that I did
not.
Cut he says that this is a bill to change the ex-
isting law—and it is to change it—m what respect ?
It ism change it so as to allow a committee of the
Senate to audit their contingent fund. It with-
draws from tbeTieasury any leview ofthe manner
in which the Senate shall dispose of its own con-
tingent fund, and of the cluuuctei of the vouchers
upon which that fund is to be audited. I do not
think that this Hou^e ought to refuse to allow the
Senate to have such mode of auditing their ac-
counts as may seem convenient to them. There
can be no reason given why they should not have
I that privilege awaided them, except under the
j supposition'that you will find more honesty in an
; accounting officer of the Treasury, not responsi-
| ble to the Senate, than you will find in the Sen-
! ators themselves—the representatives of sovereign
i States, coming here not mdoised simply by Ex-
: ecutne nomination, but indorsed by the confi-
de,ice ofthe Legislatures of sovereign States.
I But there is a piinciple in this bill. As I said
i iust now, m that courtesy which ought to prevail
oetween the two departments of this Legislature,
one of them ou« ht not to undertake to control and
1 to dictate to the other how to manage their own
i atfairs. I go further than that. I say that m view
of that independence—not to say in view of that
necessity of acts of courtesy—which oiieht to
exist between the Senate and the House of Repre-
se.tta.ives, as well as between both of these two
■: le^isla.iN e bodies and the Executive branch of the
Governm ent —and which is necessary to keep and
nre-erve a proper feeling between these three great
departments of the Government—I think we ought
'• not to be inteifer.ng with each other in this way—
il Mr. PECKHAM, (interposing.) Will the gen-
