1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
878
even when amended as indicated by the gentle-
man from California, [Mr. Latham,] what will be
the practical effect upon the country? There are,
as you have been informed by the gentleman from
California, three or four routes over which the
mail may be carried. Do you mean to say—do
you mean that this Congress shall say—that you
will so frame the bill as to compel the Postmaster
General to give this mail service into the hands of
any particular individual or company?
I undertake to say, if you examine the practical
effect of this bill, that you will establish a monop-
oly in favor of the Tehuantepec route. And, sir,
it may cost this Government, annually, on that
route, from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000 to carry the
mail from. IN ew Orleans to the city of San Fran-
cisco. Is the House prepared to confer authority
on the Postmaster General to pay $1,500,000 for
carrying the mail from any one pointof this coun-
try to another?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to ask my
colleague a question, if he will permit me to do so.
Mr. McMULLIN. Certainly; 1 will yield for
a question to be asked.
Mr. SMITEI. Mr. Speaker, I wish the House
to understand, and I wish my collJague [Mr.
McMullin] to understand, that the object pro-
posed to be accomplished by this hill is to diminish
the cost of transporting the mail between New
Orleans and San Francisco, and to increase the
revenue to the Post Office Department from that
service. I ask my colleague if the reason why the
rural districts have been neglected—and I agree
with him in the desire to improve post office fa-
cilities in the rural districts—has not been on
account of the absorption of the income from the
Post Office Department by these great lines?
Now, Mr. Speaker, if by the project of this
bill—and I believe in my soul such will be the
result—the expenses of the transportation of the
mail be diminished, and the revenue of the Post
Office Department be increased, I ask whether the
natural effect of it will not be that the rural post
office business—to be a little facetious—will "smile
and blossom as the rose?"
Mr. McMULLIN. I have no doubt that my
colleague [Mr. Smith] is of opinion that this bill
will effect a reduction of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment; but I tell him that the bill will not effect
the objects which it professes to secure. I would
ask thegentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Church-
well,] or the chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads to have the letter of the
Postmaster General on this question read to the
House. I understand it is in ill's possession.
Mr. CHURCHWELL. And I ask the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. McMullin] to refer
to the Globe of yesterday, and he will see that
the letter of the Postmaster General, to which he
alludes, has been published at my request. j
Mr. McMULLIN. Mr. Speaker, I send the I
Globe to the Clerk's desk, and ask that the letter ,
of the Postmaster General, published therein, be
read for the information of the House. 1
Mr. LATHAM. I ask also that the sixth
section of this bill be read at the same time.
'The SPEAKER. The Clerk will proceed to
read the sixth section of the bill.
Mr. RICHARDSON. Mr. Speaker, is the
morning hour expired?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour is not
expired by three minutes.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the sixth
section of the bill, and afterwards the letter of the
Postmaster General on the subject, as published
in the Globe.
The sixth section of the bill is as follows:
"Sit 6. Jini he if farther enacted. That if at any time
dumn the ot this contract, anv other individuals
or co in nan v shall establish a more speedy conveyance of
the mails between New Orleans ami San Fianeisco, and
shall irive proof to the Postmaster General that said convey-
ance ha- been in successful operation for three eonsc-eutive
months, then and in that ease it shall lie the duty or ihe
Postmaster (Jeneial to transfer this contract to said individ-
ual or company, whereupon the former company or null-
vulmil shall not be deemed to have any claim tor damage,
or otherwise, against the Government."
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I desire to inform the
House that this letter has reference to the original
bill, and therefore it does not apply to the bill
under consideration at the present time.
Mr. McMULLIN. I flatter myself, Mr. Speaker,
of the Postmaster General in reference to this ques-
tion. Aregentleman prepared to say; is thegen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Churchwf.li.] him-
self prepared to say; is my colleague prepared to
say, that they understand this matter better than
the Postmaster General,agentleman who has been
placed at the head of that Department, and whose
whole time and talent have been devoted to it ?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. I would inquire of
the gentleman from Virginia how long that gentle-
man has been Postmaster General ?
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman knows as
well as I do; most of the time since the coming in
of the present Administration. I would ask the
gentleman how long he has had charge of this
bill?
Mr. CHURCHWELL.. I have had charge of
it for about two years; ever since the vote which
was had upon increasing the compensation of the
Collins line of steamers.
Mr. McMULLIN. I state, with all due defer-
ence to the gentleman from Tennessee, that it is
to be presumed that the Postmaster General un-
derstands the interests of the Government, in
its postal arrangements, as well, at least, as the
gentleman from Tennessee. Is this House, in
the face of the declarations of that letter; in the
face of the information given upon the call of the
committee, that under the former bill it would
cost this Government upwards of $2,000,000,
prepared to pass this bill?
Mr. CHURCHWELL. With due deference to
the honorable gentleman from Virginia, and with
all respect for the honorable the Postmaster Gen-
eral, 1 would remind the gentleman that that offi-
cer is but a man, fallible like ourselves, and just as
liable to err. Hence his opinion should be con-
sidered and weighed well, even if it be yielded to.
We are here a part of a coordinate branch of the
Government, and have a right to determine for
ourselves upon all the facts connected with the
case.
Mr. EDGERTON. Has the morning hour
expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. McMULLIN. The gentleman from Ohio
has not the floor to make a motion to go into com-
mittee, if that is his intention.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired,it is in order to make a motion to go into
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. EDGERTON. 1 move that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole
on the Private Calendar.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and I desire to ask if this is not objec-
tion day'
The SPEAKER. It is objection day.
Mr. EDGERTON. And for that very reason
we ought to go into the Committee of the Whole
upon the Private Calendar. There are several bills
upon the Calendar, the reports accompanying
which can be read, and perhaps some of the bills
be passed. It is due to those interested in private
claims that we should once in a while go into
Committee on the Private Calendar.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire that the gen-
tleman from Ohio will withdraw his motion for a
moment, and allow me to mike a report from the
Committee on Private Lands Claims, by the unan-
imous consent of the House, merely for the pur-
pose of reference.
Mr. EDGERTON. I should be glad to accom-
modate thegentleman; but I will say to him that
the Committee of Claims have a large number of
claims which they are very anxious to report at the
earliest possible moment; and if any favoritism
is to be shown to any committee, I think it should
be to ours.
Mr. LANE. I will say to the gentleman that
I think of going home shortly, at least I shall
probably be absent from the city, and I hope he
will allow me to make the report.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. Does
the gentleman withdraw his motion?
Mr. EDGERTON. No, sir, I will not with-
draw the motion; but if no gentleman objects to
the introduction of the report from the Committee
011 Private Land Claims, i will not.
There being no objection- .
/• i . n„,i, N„,Pnfil Mr LANE, from the Committee on Private
letter J Land Claims, reportedabill; which was read ahrst
and second time by its title as follows, referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, made the order of the day for to-morrow,
and, with the report, ordered to be printed:
A bill authorizing Robert Graham to locate six
thousand nine hundred and mnety-three acres of
land in lieu of the one undivided half part of cer-
tain lands patented to John Edgar and John Mur-
ray St. Clair by the Governor of the Northeastern
Territory.
Mr. PARKER. I desire the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to ask the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary upon a very important
subject.
Mr. EDGERTON. I will state to the House
that 1 am informed by the Clerk that the bills and
reports which have lately been referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House have not been printed.
This is objection day, and if, as I understand is
the fact, there are no bills upon the Private Calen-
dar which have been printed, except those which
were read the last objection day—about eight
cases—there can be no object in gjjjng into Com-
mittee of the Whole House. I will therefoie
withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. McMullin] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICHARDSON. There is a motion pend-
ing, made by myself, to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had not the
right to take the floor from the gentleman from
Virginia for that purpose. «*■
Mr. RICHARDSON. Is it competent for me
to arrest the debate for the purpose of moving to
go to the consideration of the business upon the
Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move, then, that the
House go to the business upon the Speaker's
table.
Mr. CULLOM. I hope the House will go into
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RICHARDSON. 1 now submit the mo-
tion that the rules be suspended, and that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
MARTHA WASHINGTON CASE.
Mr. PARKER. I now ask the indulgence of
the House to make a report from the Committee
on the Judiciary upon a very important subject,
requiring our immediate action, and to which I
am very sure there will not be an objection when
it is understood. It is in reference to the burning
of the steamboat Martha Washington. I ask the
gentleman from Illinois to. withdraw his motion
for that purpose.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I apprehend no with-
drawal is necessary, if the gentleman has the in-
dulgence of the House to make the motion. I
certainly shall not object.
There being no ob]ection,
Mr. PARKER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, introduced the following bill; which
was read a first and second time by its title:
A bill to defray the expenses growing out of the
burning of the steamboat Martha Washington.
Mr. LATHAM. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in having the bill put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it is in order,
I move to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole Oil the state of the Union. I understand
it makes an appropriation, and 1 think it should
go there.
Mr PARKER. It does make an appropria-
tion; but if the Bouse will listen to me for a mo-
ment, I think there will be no objection to paying
it, without being considered in Committee of the
Whole. This "is a matter growing out of the
burnmo-of the steamboat Martha Washington,
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary yesterday. That committee held a special
session this morning, to take the subject into con-
sideration ; and they thought it of sufficient import-
ance to warrant them in calling the attention of the
House to it to-day. _ _
It will be recollected, because it is a matter, 1
j believe, of universal notoriety, that some two years
I ago thissteamboat was burned on thelowerMissis-
i sippi, under circumstances which satisfy the public
1 mind, 1 think, that there was not only connected
with that matter one of the most stupendous frauds
