874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 7,
ever known in this conn fry, bur ov£r and above
that, the high crimes of ai bon and murder; for no
less than sixteen persons lost their lives in the
conflagration. The country has been at immense
pains during; these two years, for the purpose of
bringing these offenders to justice. Facts have
transpired recently to satisfy the Judiciary Com-
mittee that nine individuals now incarcerated at
Helena 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The rules of the House require that
a bill making an appropriation must have Us first
consideration m the Committee of the Whole. I
myself cannot see how this Government has any-
thing to do with the crime of burning that steam-
boat, or the payment of the judicial expenses in
prosecuting- the criminals.
Mr. PARKER. I will explain to my friend
from Tennessee, and am satisfied that he will
raise no objection, if he understands the matter.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the gentleman from Indiana shall pro-
ceed ?
There was no objection.
Mr. PARKER. Some four or five of the per-
sons who were supposed to be implicated—in fact,
there is no doubt about their implication in that
great crime—were arrested under a law of the
United States making a conspiracy under such cir-
cumstances highly criminal. They were tned in
the courts o-f the United States in the State of
Ohio. For the want of testimony, which has quite
recently come to light, those individuals were ac-
quitted. They havesince been arrested under the
requisition of the Governor of Arkansas, and some
nine of them, whom the committee deem unques-
tionably guilty, are m jail at Helena, m the State
of Arkansas. The preliminary examination cornea
on in ten days from this date, on the 17th of this
month; and it is a matter deemed of immense im-
portance to the country that those peisons should
be vigilantly and thoroughlypiosecuted. As I
said before, musder and arson, as well as a most
stupendous fraud, are involved in this matter; and
it is deemed unsafe to leave this thing in the atti-
tude in which it now stands, to be prosecuted by
a weak county—the county of Philips in the State
of Arkansas—without some aid it is the object
of tiie bill to affoid that aid, and make some re-
quital for those who have expended their own
means in the airest of these individuals, under the
requisition of the Governor of Arkansas.
i imagine, Mr. Speaker, that I have said enough.
I do not wish to detain the House further. This
matter isone of universal notoriety, and one which
has attiacted the attention of every member on
this floor.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say a word?
Mr PARKER. Certainly
Mr. STANTON. I will simply reply to the
rematk or objection of uiy colleague ovpi* the way,
that the hill repotted provides then no part of this
money shall be expended towards a prosecution
in State couits, unless the Secretary shall be satis-
fied that the enme and the circumstances of its
perpetration involve also a violation of the laws of
the United States, in order to meet the scruples of
some gentlemen who have a difficulty in reference
to such application of the public fund.
I will icmark fuither, which my friend from
Indiana seems to have omitted iri his statement,
that tins baud of confederates extends fiom the
city of New Yoi k, through all the eastern and
western States, a« far as New Oileans; and that
if has been necexsaiyto send to almost every
State )f the Union, or af least numbets of them, j
in order to an est these criminals. And there is !
an equal necessity to send to those different States j
for the purpose of getting the witnesses. ;
Now, when it is remembered that this crime was [
conceived in thecity of Cincinnati, persons having |
confederated for the purpose of effecting large in- j
surance on fictitious articles on board of this steam- |
boat, purporting to be packed in boxes which j
contained nothing but trumpery, and when this !
boat was fired m'the State of Arkansas, on her j
passage down the river, while incidentally or ac- I
cidentally passing through the jurisdiction of that i
State, it is very clear, as the Secretary of State I
says, that the local interests of Arkansas, and espe- |
cidily of the county of Philips, in this crime, bears i
no compaiison to the general interests of the whole 1
people of the United States, in bringing the orfen- i
deis to justice; and it was upon this view that the
Cunaniuee on the Judiciary thought themselves
justified in reporting this bill, under the urgent
cncumstances of the case.
Now, the county of Philips, on the Mississippi
river, is comparatively a poor county—rich inlands,
but sparsely populated; and this prosecution will
requii e an expenditure ot thousands of dollars for
the purpose of effecting justice. And what inter-
est have the people of Philips county, in Arkan-
sas, in bringing these parties to justice? Whatin-
terest have they in imposing upon themselves the
heavy burden of taxation which will be necessary
to meet the expenses of the prosecution? Sir, they
have no interest in it.
This crime was committed on the bosom of the
Mississippi river, which is agreat highway of the
nation, connecting together a number of the States
of the Union, and, therefore, entitled to be called,
in the language of Mr. Calhoun, "an inland sea."
If this enme had been committed on any of the
tide waters of the country, it would have been
within the jurisdiction of the courts of the United
States; but as the Mississippi liver is not affected
by the tides of theGulf, it is not within the juris-
diction of the courts of the United States.
Mr. PARKER. 1 do not think it necessary to
add anything to what has already been said. 1
hope the gentleman fi'om Tennessee will withdraw
his motion, arid allow the bill to pass.
Mr. JONES. I have heard no reason which,
1 think, should satisfy any one that this is a case
to which the United States should be a party, or
of which the United States should be made to pay
the expenses.
If this Government is to be made to take juris-
diction of all offenses that are to be committed
upon the rivers of the country, and upon the steam-
ers and other crafts upon the waters ot the country,
it will in a short time extend itself to all the rail-
roads of the country. Are not the railroads at
present as much highways of the country *\s the
Mississippi river is ? Sir, this Government would
be absoihing, in my opinion, the domestic con-
cerns of the States—things which legitimately and
of themselves belong to the States, and not to this
Government. The tendency of things is too much
to cennahzalion—to the absorption of everything
which pertains to the States within the power and
jurisdiction of the General Government.
I do not know what are the particular laws of
the State of Aikansas. The county of Philips
may be poor; but 1 do not suppose that, because
this offense has to be prosecuted in that county,
because it is there that these persons are to be
tried, necessarily, or under the laws of that State,
the county of Philips must pay the expenses of
the prosecution. In the State m which! live, the
county furnishes the juiy, but ail the other ex-
penses, for witnesses, attorney's fees, and every-
thing, save tiie per diem of the jurois, aie paid by
the State, in all cases of felony.
Mr. STANTON, ofTennessee. 1 have myself
practiced in the State of Atkansas, and 1 learn
this morning from one of the Senators from that
State, who, 1 know very well, is an extensive
practitioner in that State, that the expense of this
prosecution must be paid by thecounty of Philips.
And e\en if it did come from the treasury of the
State, the State of Arkansas has just as little in-
terest in this matter as the State of Massachusetts.
Mr. PARKER. If the gentleman fiom Ten-
nessee [Mr. Jonls] will aliow me, I will make a
Mi^cestion which 1 think will leheve him fiom
difficulty. It is a mere matter of form, af mo&t,
that this case is now in the State court. Although
there are some four or five of these individuals
who have been arrested for conspiracy under the
laws of the United States, there are some four or
five others who have never been arrested and
tried; and it would be the duty of the General
Government, in my estimation, to say that those
men held in custody should not go at large until
they are indicted for the crime for which they
stand committed against the United States. For
that reason alone, if there were no other merits
in the case, X think that the bill ought to be
passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is but one
reason, in my opinion, for coming with this cose
hete at all; and that is, that the United States have
a full Treasury, and are able to pay this expense,
and that these people may get the expenses of this
prosecution out of the National Treasury. Where
are the owners of this steamboat ? Where are the
individuals who suffered by this crime? Where
Hie all the interests—the steamboat interests—that
are involved in a crime of this character, commit-
ted upon these western waters? Those interests
li are certainly adequate and able to meet, to defray,
|| the expenses of this case. It would, at any rate,
be establishing a dangerous precedent, for this
Government to take the jurisdiction of, and defiay
! the expenses of, crimes and misdemeanors com-
i: mitted within the jurisdiction of a State. I insist
i: upon the enforcement of the rule which requires
that bills of this character should go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made by
the gentleman fiom Tennessee, the bill must go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. PARKER. If the House will indulge me,
I will move that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
for the purpose of taking up and considering this
bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done, as the
House can only resolve itself into the Committee
of the Wlfole on the state of the Union upon a
particular subject.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make a suggestion
to the House m relation to this bill. I have no
expectation that the House will pause in its evi-
dent intention to take means for passing this bill.
It strikes me that this is a very objectionable pro-
ceeding indeed. What is it?
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to a question of
order.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I demand the regular
order of business.
Mr. PARKER. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER, it is not competent for the
House to determine that it will resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon that particular bill. Itcan only go into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union generally.
Mr. PARKER. I hope that the bill will be re-
committed to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKER. Theieis a motion pending
to commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, which must be first
put.
The question was put; and decided in the nega-
tive.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Does not the bill go, as a
matter of course, to the Committee of the Whole,
containing, as it does, an appropriation of money ?
Mr. PARKER. I withdraw the motion I made
that the bill be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and will allow the bill to go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER, if no objection is made, the
bill will be so referred, and printed. The question
now pending is, that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
RELIEF OF HARRIET LEAVENWORTH.
Mr. HENN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled the following
bill; which thereupon received the signature of the
Speaker:
Act for the relief ofHai rift Leaven worth, widow
of the late Bi evet Brigadier General Leavenworth.
The House then agreed to the motion to go into
committee
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Air. Onitin the chair.)
CIVIL AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee, at its last
sitting, had under consideration the civil and dip-
lomatic appropriation bill, on which the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Caruthers] is entitled to the
floor.
NEBRASKA AND KANSAS.
Mr. CA RUTHERS said that lie did not pro-
pose to dwell on the necessity for organizing ter-
ritorial governments for Nebraska and Kansas.
He would content himself with remarking that the
last House of Representatives, m obedience to
the known wishes of the people, passed a bill for
this purpose.
The resistance to the proposed organization
