164
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 12,
tlernan from Virginia [Mr. Bayly] allow me to
propound a question to the gentleman from Ala-
bama, [Mr. Houston?]
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly.
Mr. PECKHAM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Alabama whether, as he understands
this law, the accounting officer of the Treasury-
is to look to the legality and propriety of the ex-
penditure of the Senate from their contingent
fund ? or is he to look to the mere fact of the ex-
penditure ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the ac-
count is to undergo the same scrutiny which all
other accounts that come to the Department are
obliged to undergo. And if it is not passed by
the Department, it is to be rejected in the same
manner as that of an individual account under the
existing law.
Mr. PECKHAM. Then the Auditor there
overrules the Senate?
Mr. HOUSTON. It overlooks the accounts
of the Senate, just as it does those of the Senate's
constituents.
Mr. PECKHAM. They revise, then, the
legislation of the Senate?
Mr. BAYLY, (resuming.) If I do not now
misunderstand the gentleman from Alabama,
[Mr. Houston]—and I think I do not—his idea
is, that the accounting officers of the Treasury are ^
not only to look to the fact of the allowance, but, 1
also, to the legality of it. You here purpose, by
law, to put the accounting officer of the Treasury
over one of the two branches of Congress, and to
do it without their consent.
I should not probably have given so much at-
tention to this bill had I not been here so long
that I know, I believe, every member of the Sen-
ate, and had not more than one half of them
spoken to me about this very bill. I know they
are sensitive about it, and they are properly sen-
sitive. This is an attack upon that body wholly
unauthorized by any action of theus. I hope the
amendments of the Committee on Ways and
Means will be voted down, and that the bill will
be passed as it is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that, as a
member of this House, I would be incapable of
doing a thing which would be discourteous to
members of the Senate. But, sir, when that body
asks me to do a thing which I think is contrary
to the principles which should govern us, I can-
not, for fear of being subjected to the charge of
want of courtesy to that body, do that thing for
them.
What is the rule prescribed by the laws of Con-
gress in the adjustment of the various accounts
of different persons with this Government? You
provide by law that you shall have a First and
Second Comptroller. You provide that you shall
have Auditors in the Treasury Department. The
Constitution provides that no money shall be
drawn from the Treasury, except m pursuance of
appropriations made by law. When these ap-
propriations have been made, and the disbursing
officers have discharged their duty by paying; out
these appropriations, they are required by law to
come to the Treasury Department and there pre-
sent their vouchers; and the accounting officers
are required to examine them, and see whether
they are in accordance with the laws making the
appropriations. Is there, I ask, anything wrong
in this? If there is, repeal the laws, and make
the proper corrections.
The President of the United States is subjected
to the surveillance of the accounting officer for his
salary. The members of both Houses of Con-
gress, and all the officeis of thecivil, military, and
naval Departments of the Government are sub-
jected to it. Why, J ask you, shall the contin-
gent fund of the Senate be excepted from the same
rule? Our legislation should be kept pure, and
the rules which direct us in the management of
the business of the Government should be strictly
adhered to. I do not think that either branch of
Congress ought to prescribe rules more lax for
themselves, in the adjustment of their accounts,
than those they prescribe for oilier persons in the
employ of the Government. The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Bvyly] says it looks as if we were
fearful that the Senate will not do right, and that
we wish to put guards over them. Wfj.it is the
amount of this fund 5 The civil and diplomats 1
appropriation bill, which the chapman of the :
Committee on Ways and Means has reported to ,
this Houuse, appropriates §278,000 for the con-
tingent fund for the Senate. If this third section
passes, that whole amount will be taken from un-
der the control of the accounting officers of the
Government, and a new board of auditors and
comptrollers will be constituted to pass upon the
disbursements of the Secretary.
Another question arises, which has already been
made here—and I think I have heaid my friend
from Virginia advocate it also—that the Senate
of the United States shall fix their own amount of
contingent fund, and that this House should never
inquire into the amount. If they send an estimate
for contingencies here, and I vote for them, am 1
not responsible for that vote as much as for any
other appropriation for which I shall vote? If this
House,as a matter of courtesy,is to vote whatever
amount of contingency may be said by the Sec-
retary of the Senate to be due, and then relieve
that Secretary from the ordeal of the accounting
officers of the Treasury, I ask you to what will
it not lead in the course of time? May you not
in that way put it in the power of one branch of
this Government to expend thousands, yea, mil-
lions of dollars, without its having been constitu-
tionally appropriated ?
Mr. BAYLY. Does the gentleman from Ten-
nessee mean to maintain that L ever supposed one
dollar was to be expended by the Senate, from
its contingent fund, which was not appropriated
by law? I have certainly never supposed any
such thing. The appropriation bills must specify
the sum beyond which no appropriation can be
made by the simple resolution of the Senate. All
I did say was that, ordinarily, we ought to allow
them such a sum for their contingent fund as they
may choose to specify as being necessary.
If they were to come here asking for millions of
dollars to be appropriated for their contingent fund,
then would be the proper time for Congress to in-
terfere; then would be the proper time for the
suspicion of members of this House to be excited
upon the subject. But, sir, that time will never
come until theie has been such a thorough and
deep corruption of the Senate, as will not long
precede the dissolution of the Government itself.
Mr. JONES. It is not my purpose to go into
an investigation of the question as to how the
Senate have spent their contingent fund heretofore.
If the gentleman from Virginia will look into that
matter, perhaps he will see how it has been done.
I am not upon that subject now. But, sir, I am
against making innovations upon the laws of the
country for the benefit of the legislators, who are
the law-givers of the country.
We sometimes find the example of the Senate
quoted as a reason for passing measures in this
House. For instance, we sometimes find that
when it is proposed to effect an increase in the
compensation of the employees about this Hall,
the example of the Senate is quoted as a reason.
And when members propose to vote newspapers
for themselves, we do not find them coming for-
ward and telling us how many they will be able to
read, or how many will be necessary to enable
them to discharge faithfully and efficiently their
public duties here; but we do find them coming
forward and asking for as many as the Senators
have voted for themselves, without reference to
any other consideration. And, again, we find
them recommending the increase of the salaries of
certain officers to the same amount paid to similar
ones in the Senate.
Now. sir, if we pass this third section, how
long will it be before we shall have a bill intro-
duced here proposing that the contingent fund of
the House shall be audited in the same manner?
That will be the effect; and if the rule is a correct
one in its application to one body, it certainly is
in regard to the other. But, sir, I shall oppose
the passage of a bill applying any such rule to
this House, whether it be introduced here before
or after its application to the Senate.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Will my col-
league allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. JONES. I will.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to know whether,
after the contingent funds for the Senate and House
have been appropriated, a resolution passed by
either, directing a payment to be made out of its
contingent fund, would not be valid ?
Mr. JONES. Certainly; I suppose so, if it
wpre properlv audited.
Mr. STANTON. Then the Senate can now
dispose of its contingent fund by simple resolu-
tion.
Mr. JONES. I suppose so; though I do not
know whether the Auditors of the Treasury would
regard such a resolution as a good voucher. But
I will say to my colleague, that were I one of the
accounting officers of the Treasury, and an ac-
counbj^ere presented to me which 1 believed to
be contrary to law, I would notallowit merely on
account ot its being authorized by a resolution of
this House, or of the Senate.
Mr. STANTON, My colleague does not un-
derstand the question 1 ask. I wish simply to
know whether a resolution of this House, or of
the Senate, disbursing its own contingent fund, is
or is not a good voucher ?
Mr. JONES. I do not know whether such
resolutions are regarded as good vouchers or not.
Mr. STANTON. But you think they ought
not to be.
Mr. JONES. I do, unless there is some law to
authorize them. That is my opinion.
Mr. STANTON. That is what I wanted to
know.
Mr. JONES. That is mjr opinion, certainly.
I have no concealment about it.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know ifithasnoi
been the uniform practice of the Government to
allow the resolutions, authorizing such payments
to be made, to be vouchers?
Mr. JONES. 1 do not know that, for I have
not been up to the Department to examine the
vouchers.
Mr. BAYLY. Certainly it has.
Mr. JON ES. I will tell you what f do know, and
what 1 think was very wrong on the part of the
Congress of the United States. A few sessions
ago, a provision was pressed through Congress
in the last hours of its session, as an amendment to
one of the appropriation bills, that the certificates
of the presiding officers of this body and of the
Senate respectively, as to the amount due to a
member, should be conclusive upon all the ac-
counting officers of the Treasury as to the amount
due that member. I urged the rejection of the
civil and diplomatic bill rather than' to have that
provision incorporated into the law of the country.
I think that the certificate of the officer who certi-
fies that a certain amount is due to a member of
this House, should be subject to the scrutiny of
the accounting officers of the Treasury; and if he
finds that that amount is not in accordance with
the services performed in the Hall, they should not
be bound to pass that voucher, merely because the
Presiding Officer has put his name to it.
Mr. STANTON. I do not wish to make a
speech on this subject, but 1 think that a few
questions answered by my colleague, who has
made himself familiar with all such questions as
this, will place the matter in a proper light before
the House.
If I understand my colleague's position, he
maintains that every expenditure made out of the
contingent fund should be in pursuance of a law;
and that it should not be allowed by the account-
ing officers of the Treasury unless it is in pur-
suance of a lav/. Then, sir, it would be necessary
to foresee and anticipate every expenditure from
the contingent fund of either House of twenty,
fifty, or a hundred dollars, that may be necessary
for any purpose about these Halls, and to pass a
law appropriating that particular item before it
could be allowed by the accounting officers of the
Tiesury. Instead of doing the thing, as we now
do, by resolution directing the appropriation of
particular portions of the contingent fund, we
should be obliged to pass a formal bill through
both Houses of Congress in every such case.
Mr. .TONES. Not at all.
Mr. STANTON. That is how I understand it.
Mr. JONES Not at all, sir. Included 111 the
contingent fund are various items for printing,
paper, and a great many other things—and then
there is an item of a few thousand dollars for mis-
cellanies. Well, suppose that there is a resolu-
tion that authorizes the furnishing of papers.
When the vouchers for that expenditure comes up
before the accounting officer, he has only to look to
the appropriations in that contingent fund, and see
if money has been appropriated for the purpose,
and if the money so appropriated has been prop-
erly paid; and if so, he passes the vouchers.
There are various small matters about these
two Halls, such as the repairing and furnishing of
