1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1733
Mr. WAS! fBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I regret that the gentleman who reported
this biil is not present to present this case himself.
But, srr, I am somewhat familiar with the facts
connected with this matter, and I regret that my
friend from Virginia did not listen to the reading
of ihe report from the Clerk's table; for if he had
he would have seen rhat the objection which he
has raised to this claim is wholly unfounded. The
claim made here by Mrs. Mackay, the widow of
a most meritorious and deserving officer, Colonel
Mackay, is for services performed by him for this
Government, which were outside of, and entirely
disconnected with, the duties of his office as quar-
termaster general, and which were performed be-
fore the passage of the act of 3839. I do not un-
derstand the gentleman from Virginia as objecting
to the justice of the claim. He does not pretend
that the service was not rendered. But he objects
to the passage of the bill upon the ground that it
would be establishing a dangerous precedent.
Now, sir, if the committee have listened to the
report, they will at once see that the passage of 'i
the bill cannot possibly establish any such prece-
dent as the gentleman claims. It does not, and
cannot, cover the class of cases which he has re-
ferred to. The report of the committee makes
this very clear.
I read from the report:
i: It appear*, by letter* addiescod to a member of tins
House by General Je^up, qiMUemm^ter gtm ral, and
\vl.iidi are made a part oi tins report, that such disburse-
ments were made by Colonel Mackay ptior to the 30th
September, lt<38, ami that lie claimed the usual commission
of two and a half per cent, for «ucii disbursements, the
set vice beniij cnn-)dered extra official The amount of ali
sueh disbursement* is very laige; but as Congiesc passed
an act 0111110 511) July, 1838, cu-ating addition, il quarter -
Blasters, anr' on the 3d March, 1839, also passed another act
providing thai ' no officer in any branch of the public ?ei -
vice shall receive any extra allowance oi condensation tor
1h(! dis!miscmeiu of public nionpj, unless the same be au-
thorized b\ law,' >our committee do not lee! authonzed
to take inm consideration any disbursements ot special
appropriations subsequent to ihe pas-age ot that act,oi to
the quarter ending 30tli September, 1838, except as herein-
after stated."
The gentleman will see that this does not in-
terfere, in any way, with the law of 1839, because !
thereportand the bid expressly Iimitthe compen- j
sation to the period previous to the time of the !
passage of that act. This report shows that
Colonel Mackay performed duties for which he
never received compensation. There are certain
duties which belong to the quartermaster's de-
partment. But the duties for which this compen-
sation ts asked did not belong to that department;
and this Government has no right to ask that
they should be performed without paying for
them. This claim is founded upon a just princi-
ple—a principle which I desire to see carried out
m every department of this Government; and if it
establish a precedent for doing justice by the
Government to the citizen, so much the better.
Sir, this Government is rich enough. It- is pow-
erful enough to pay all just and equitable demands
upon it. But it is contended that Colonel Mackay
was paid as an officer, and that he has no right to
pay for any other service while acting as an of-
ficer. The duties of a quartermaster are limited
and defined; and the officers in that department
are obliged to perform all duties appertaining to
that branch of the service, and can claim no extra
compensation for their performance. But if other
duties, responsible and delicate duties, entirely
disconnected with a particular office, and which
the party is under no obligation to perform, are
imposed upon him, then, sir, according to every
principle of justice, he has a right to compensation
for :• uch extra service. It was no part of Colonel
Mackay's duty to make these disbursements.
That is the ground taken by the committee in their
report, i read again from the report:
tl These disbursement^of special appropriations are con-
sidered to have been no part of the official duty of Colonel
Mackay; and such beinjj the case.it was reasonable for
bun to expect the usual compensation for lakins upon him-
self The labor and responsibility of maktng them.
u Your committee consider the claim, to the extent above
indicated, a just one, and in accordance with the precedent
established by Congress m the case of the late Captain
Hetzel, or' the Aiiuy."
In addition to the allowance which in made for
disbursements prior to 1838, there is an item in
the report of $1,115 97, which goes to make up
the amount allowed in the bill. That item cer-
tainly stands on a firmer basis, and General
Jesup distinctly states that there is no reason why
Colonsl Mackay should not b9 allowed for certain
disbursements he made as paymaster during the
Mexican war, the same as paymasters are allowed
for a similar service. In regard to that General
Jesup says :
" The responsibilities of the officers of the quarteraias-
ter's department are t qua! to the responsibilities of the of-
iiceis oi the pay department, arid their labors are much
inoie onerou-j there n no reason, therefor*, for allowing
esua compensation to paymasters which does not apply
v\  th equal or greater (orce to qua&termastcrs."
This is no trumped claim, brought here after
the death of Colonel Mackay for the purpose of
getting money out of the Treasury. When the
services were rendered, Colonel Mackay claimed
that they were extra services, and demanded his jj to the worth of Colonel Mackay, saying that he .
just compensation. General Jesup says he has h " disbursed millions of public money without the
unofficial information that he made a charge for j1 loss to the Government of a dollar."
these disbursements. j| But I do not desire to take up the time of the
The gentleman says that it was disallowed. I; committee in discussing this case at this late,pe-
Asa matter of course it was disallowed. If it nod of the session, i must confess to a great in-
had not been disallowed, his widow and children i; terest in the passage of the bill. The interesting
would not have been driven to Congress to get family of the late Colonel Mackay, who are to
j shall go for the benefitof the estajte. As a worthy,
! tribute to the memory of this distinguished and
i honorable man, let me read what General Jesup
! says of him: - <
1 " Colonel Mackay was one nf the most faithful, industrt-
f ou^, and correct otiicers in the Army. Every duty wuli
; which he was charged, throughout lus long service, was
, performed in such amanneras to secure for him the appro-
! bation of his superior officers, without, as far as f know or
| believe, a single exception. So well was President FrtIKr
I satisfied with his services in connection with the Mexican
i war, that he rewarded him by conferring on htm the rank
1 of colonel by brevet."
General Scott also bears the highest testimony
what was legally and equitably his due. I trust
this Congress will exhibit 110 hesitation in follow-
ing the lecommendations of the Committee on
Military Affairs.
A Voice. Why was it disallowed ?
Mr. WASHBURNS. The gentleman asks
me on what ground the claim was disallowed. I
do not know the reasons. 1 only know the fact
that it was disallowed, as is frequently the case
with the most righteous claims, for technical or
other reasons.
Mr. FAULKNER. I desire, with the gentle-
man's permission, merely to say that I was not
present at the meeting of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs when this case was taken up and
acted on. Therefore, I take no responsibility on
myself, so far as the recommendation of that com-
mittee ia concerned. 1 would inquire simply of
the advocates of the bill why this money, which
is here claimed, notas a bounty, riot us a. gratuity,
but as a matter of right, is made payable to the
widow, and not to the legal representatives of
Colonel Mackay? 1 infer from another case,
which was before me, and on which I have re-
ported, that if this money is due him as an indi-
vidual, U should he paid to his administrator, and
j be the subject of account m the proper department
; of the Government.
j Mr. WASLiBURNE. In answer, I will state
! to the gentleman from Virginia, that I do not
receive the benefits of this bill, are residents of
my own town, well known to me, and I feel the
strongest assurance that Congress will not-with-
hold justice from them.
Mr. GIDD1NG8. It was not my intention to
have participated in this discussion at all, but
there are important principles involved in it which
will apply to a large class of cases.- I contend
that an officer in the service of the United States
receiving a specific salary and full compensation
for all hie services, is bound to bring with him
into the service, under the presumption of law,
all the talent and time that he possesses. I repeat,
that a man accepting office is bound to bring with
integrity, his full time and diligence to the dis-
charge of his duties. I have no doubt that all
that has been said about the character of Colonel
Mackay is true. 1 have no doubt that he was
honest, honorable, faithful, and diligent in the
dischaige of his duties, that he lived economically,
arid that he performed all the duties of life. But
this is a question which we are called upon to
decide between the Treasury of the United States,
and the wijdow and heirs, who are the claimants in
this case.
It is readily to be perceived that every officer of
the Government will sooner or later be called upon
to discharge duties which did notcome within the
purview of his office. So palpable was this to be
seen, that as early as 1794 the Committee of
know the reason why the committee made the I| Claims in this House, after having investigated
appropriation payable to Mrs. Mackay, instead of i
to the legal representatives of Colonel Mackay. I
Mrs. Mackay is the executrix of her husband, 1 j
believe. |
Mr. BARRY. On what ground were allow- i
ances made previous to 1839, during which year \
a law was passed prohibiting them i \
Mr. WASHBURN&. I do not know all the j
grounds. Until the passage of the law of 1839, ;
allowances of extra compensation for extra offi-|
cial service were made at the discretion of the |
Department. They were made, as can easily be i
shown, until Congress, bylaw, in 1839, prohibited j
them. i
Now, further, in regard to the inquiry of the
this subject maturely and deliberately, resolved
that in no case should an officer of the United
States receive extra compensation for his services.
From the year 1794 to this day the Committee of
Claims, in this House, have, with one uniform
voice, so far as i know, refused all applications of
this character, upon the principle to which I have
referred. This man, accepting office and receiving
the emoluments of the office, which the law al-
lowed him, promised to bring with him to the dis-
charge of his duties, his full time, talent, and
integrity. In consideration of his services he re-
ceived the compensation which the law allowed
him. If I was to deviate from the rule w any
case, I would rather do so in the case now before
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr Faulkner,] I have i us than almost any other case that could be pre-
• • ' ' — -- -e  -:...: ;• gented; but it strikes me that we have nothing: to
do with the private character of individuals in con-
sidering these private claims. The merits and
demerits of Colonel Mackay do not come in ques-
tion here. The question is as to the discharge of
his duties, and the situation of his family, whether
rich or poor, ought not to enter into the consider-
ation of this case. AH these offices are sought with
great avidity by men, who were expecting to re-
ceive precisely the compensation which the law
allows and no more. And to this, it strikes me,
we are bound to adhere.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, X think that the
principle involved in this bill is a very irnpoitant
one. if the committee should determine to pass
the bill now before us, that action would involve
to state that I am not aware of any objection to
| the amendment of the bill as suggested. '
j Mr. FAULKNER, i will move, then, to amend .
1 the bill, so that the appropriation wili be made ;
| payable to the legal representatives of Colonel ,
! Mackay. ;
i Mr. WASHBURN E, of Illinois. Not being ■
j acquainted with the motives which governed the |
i committee in making this amount payable to Mrs. j
| Mackay, upon reflection I will not take upon my- 1
| self the responsibility of altering it in any way. !
1 think this committee, if they knew the circum- !
i starces of this case; if they had been familiar j
j with the life of Colonel Mackay; if they were '
j familiar with the discharge of the duties of his j
j office, as 1 have been, and as the gentleman from !
Missouri [Mr. Benton] has been, for so many ;[ us in the expenditure of a very heavy amount of
years; if they were familiar with his life, illus- j- money. If 1 understand the principle correctly,
trated, os it was, during his long public service, i| every military officer who now has, or who here-
by the most spotless integrity, and with the fact fcofore has had charge of the public works, can,
of his leaving a widow and children, after a whole ij with the same propriety as in this case, come be-
life devoted to his country, without adequate ij fore a committee of the House, and ask to be paid
means of support, 1 believe that they would not !| commission on the sums of money which he may
look with a very critical eye into the circumstance j-have expended; for I believe—if the gentleman
whether this money shall go for the benefit of the |; from Kentucky [Mr. Stanton] be right—that
widow and her children directly, or whether it |. these Army officers, who have charge of public
