876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
Smith, for compensation for a certain tract of land
at Sitico> Old Town, Tennessee, sold by the Legis-
lature of that State, under misrepresentations made
to them; which were referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
REPORT FROM A STANDING COMMITTEE.
Mr. BRIGHT, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to whom was referred the memorial
of the Ohio Falls Marine Railroad Company,
praying the aid of the United States in the con-
struction of a marine railway for the transporta-
tion of steamboats around the Falls of the Ohio,
submitted an adverse leport thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. MASON gave notice of his intention to in-
troduce a bill to authorize the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company to extend their railroad to a
point on the Potomac river, at or near the city of
Washington,
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BRIGHT, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide com-
Cematiori to such persons as may be designated
y the Secretary of the Treasury to keep and re-
ceive the public money, under the fifteenth section
of the act of (jth August, 1846, for the additional
services required under that act,"approved Match
2, 1 {&> '}; which was read a first and second time
by its title, and leferied to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
CUSTOM-IIOUSE AT DETROIT.
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committeeon Commerce be instruct-
ed to UKjUiie into the expediency of iii.ikm;: an appropri
aii'-n for the construction o! a ciHiom .iik] al-o an '
nppropii,mon for the eon^nuciion of a in.inne hospital, at j
Detroit, in the Hiate ot Michigan. i
MAILS IN UPPER PENINSULA OF MICHIGAN-. I
Mr. CASS submitted the following resolution; !
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on tin- Post OHiee ami
Pom iloiul^ he instructed lo impure into the expediency of
jik-i'mmiu.' the id.ul lacihiies in the Upper I'eniuMil.i of' the
tftatc ot Michigan.
CORRESPQNDEJVC1-: OF HON. I). D. BARNARD.
Mr FlSll .submitted the following resolution
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Pi evident of the United States ho re-
quited to (onnuUDieate lo the Senate, it not tit hi* opinion
incompatible vvilh Die public interest, copies ot tile cot re-
Kpondeiiee of Mr. Barnaul. I;i|e Minister of the Umhd
States hi Prussia, with the United States eoriHil at Hie-
men, and of thai consul with (lie Government of ISieinen,
ieluijv«- m the i use ot Mi. Comad Si hnudt, a naturalized
Citizen ol the United St,lie-,, nu''-J<'d at J!m men, and de- I
tamed there upon a iei|iii-ifion Iroin the Government of |
JIanover, claiming Schmidi as a Mibjtvi ot that kingdom. \
A!m., a copy oj'a i addrr s>«-.| Mi. I5.iin.ud, wlulo |
Minister ot (he United States at I5etlm, lo Iih MajeMv the '
Kingol Pin^Ma, m October, on tin; suhiect* of'reli :
gum* toleration, and of a di>pateli addres-ed by Mr. Barnard |
lo the Depai intent ot State, in leteienee thereto. j
Also, eopius ol the correspondence of the; Legation of the I
United States at Betlm, with the Minister ot the Giand !
Duke (.1 Bnd<>n, at Beihn, in regaid to the arrest and in U- !
trcatruent o( K T. Dana, \V. V,. |)u iirin, and l)i K,sm-.(.v, I
ciir/.ens of the United ritate- at Jleulellimg, in the Grand !
Duchy of Baden. j
iNOTAKiKS PUBLIC. !
Mr. T5ADGHK.. 1 nsk the unanimous consent '
of the Senate to allow nie to introduce a bill, and ,
have H passed now, of which no notice has been !
given; and 1 am suie thai, when I state what it
is, there will i>e no objection. We pissed an act :
in the year 1850, authorizing notaries public to
take and certify affidavits in certain cases. By a
second section of the hill, put to it, it was extended 1
and included the District of Columbia, In some
way or other in the engrossment of the bill, the
District of Colombia was left out. The object of j
the bill which I wish to introduce, is simply to
extend the provisions of that act to the District of
Columbia. It was an oveisight by which it was 1
left oat in the engrossment of that bill. I now
ask leave of the Senate to enable me to introduce
a bill supplementary to the net entitled, " An m t
to authorize notaries public to take and certify ;
oaths, affirmations, and acknowledgments in cer-
tain cases."
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a
first and second time, and con&tdeied as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. j
It proposes to enact that all the powers and
authority conferred m and by the act referred to,
approved September 16, 1850, upon notaries pub-
lic, m the States and Territories, be vested m no-
taries public within the District of Columbia.
Mr. CHASE. When this bill was before the
Senate on a former occasion, an amendment was
made to it authorizing notaues public throughout
the country to take depositions to be used in the
courts of the United States. I should be glad to
have that amendment made to this bill, and I hope
it will be passed over for the purpose of making
it.
Mr. BADGER. Let it lie over until to-morrow.
Mr. CHASE. I move to postpone Us further
consideration until to-morrow.
The motion was pureed to.
WILLIAM B. EDWARDS.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, i move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate on Friday last passed
House bill for the relief of William B. Edwards,
for the purpose of making an amendment which
ought to have been made but was overlooked.
The motion was agreed to; and the vote by
which the bill was ordered to a third reading was
also reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I move to amend by
striking out " four" from the words u eighteen
hundred and fifty-four " It was put in by a cler-
ical mistake, in the engrossment of the bill. The
pension wdl then commence m "eighteen hun-
dred and fifty "
The amendment was agreed to, and oidered to
be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read a third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. GW1N. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the bill reported from the
select committee " for the construction of a railroad
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean-"
Mr. BADGER. I had proposed to ask the Sen-
ate to take up, this morning, the bill which 1 indi-
cated on last Friday; but 1 am not at all disposed to
interfere with the Senator from California, who, I
know, is so situated as to make it highly import-
ant to him to be able to do to-day what he pro-
poses to do. I shall, therefore, give way to him
veiy cheerfully; but, as 1 am under the necessity
of leaving town, I hope the Senate will oblige me
to-morrow, by taking up that bill in the morning
hour.
Mr. EVANS, The bill to provide for the
claims of the officers of the Revolutionary Army
was made the special ord>T for to-day. I have no
disposition to miei fere wiih other gentlemen, but I
am afraid that if that bill is pushed out of its place
now, I shall have some difficulty m getting it up
ngam. I should prefer to have it considered now,
and I do not think'it. will occupy half an hour. 1
say to the gentleman from California, however,
that if it is likely to lead to debate, I will move
myself for its continuance, so as to enable him to
go on with his speech; but if we could dispose of
tli.it bill this morning, u would be \eiy desirable
to do so.
Mr. G WIN. I do not wish to intrude on the
Senator from South Carolina, but 1 should be
much obliged to him if he would permit me to
occupy some time this morning in giving my views
on the subject of the Pacific railroad. I shall be
necessarily away from the city in a tiny or two;
at least I shall he called out of my place in the
Senate. I will certainly aid the Senatorm getting
up his bill at any reasonable time.
Mr. MASON. The Senate are aware of the
necessity, on my part, as I conceive, to ask them
to proceed to the consideration of Executive busi-
ness m preference to any other. The Senator
from California, however, spoke to me this morn-
ing, and for considerations which I fully appre-
ciate, personal to himself, asked that he might
have the opportunity of being heard upon his
favorite railroad scheme for a short time, and 1 told
him that he should certainly have my consent,
with the assent of the Senate that after that was
done I should move for an Executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the hill for the construction of a railroad
from the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean.
Mr. GWiN. Mr. President, the history of the
country presents no instance of a measure of great
national importance m which there has been such
unanimity of public sentiment in its favor as the
project of connecting the Atlantic and Pacific
by means of Railway. We are left in no doubt
as to the judgment of the Ameiican people on this
subject. The agricultural, commercial, mechan-
ical, and manufacturing interests; our statesmen
who held, and who now hold high places m the
councils of the nation; our citizens in primary as-
sembhes, and Legislatures of Sovereign States,
have declared in its favor; and the Press, m ita
power, in terms not to he misundeistood, has
echoed and reechoed public opinion in its support,
from one end of the Union to the other. Yetnoth-
ing definite, thus far, has been done, although ap-
peals have again and again been made to the Con-
gress of the United States to take the initiative
in this great measure. Upon what pica can we go
before the tribunal of puohc opinion, and excuse
ourselves for longer dfiayr With an overflowing
Tieasury, whose annual accumulations aie a
source of embariassment, reversing the expei lence
of all other nations, and happy in the quiet, yet
progressive development of the arts of peace, with-
out a speck of war threatening our horizon, what
time more propitious than the present for us to act
m this matter, so earnestly pressed upon us by
public sentiment, and which the Chief Magistrate
has so distinctly recommended in his annual mes-
sage to Congress ?
Ask me 44 tor anything but time," said the great
Napoleon, " and you shall have it." Is theie any
Senator, friendly to this measure, who is insensi-
ble to the importance of immediate legislation m
regard to it? Individuals, for a few dieting years,
perform their part, and, one af'er another, soon
na>s off the theater of human affairs. Their use-
fulness in the role of life is then seen in the wis-
dom of their policy, of which posterity will best
judge. The necessity for this work, in a thousand
forms, crowds upon the mind as we survey our
piesent condition, our capacities, our wants. The
enriching power of trade, foreign and domestic,
and the piospect of our advance in greatness, are
the inducements to begin it now. The results no
one, at this time, can properly estimate.
The Select Committee charged with this subject
have given it that careful examination which its
importance demands, and have instructed me, as
Chairman, to report the bill now under consider-
anon. To secui e prompt, cordial, and, if possible,
unanimity of action, we have endeavored carefully
to exclude everything that might give rise to con-
stitutional doubt or objection, or tend in any man-
ner to cieate local orsectioual prejudices.
Jt proposes a grant, of land by the Government
similar to that repeatedly conceded from the days
of President Monroe,—thirty years ago,—down,
through every successive Administration, to the
piesent period, with a reasonable compensation for
carrying the United States mails. It establishes
no eastern terminus, itgivesno preference to any
State m the great valley of the Mississippi—no
advantage to any particular locality, exccpt that
given by nature herself; and assigns the contract,
on ample seem ity, to thereat bidder, after full and
fair competition. The means are no more than
adequate to secure the result, and not a dollar is
to be p.iid fiom the National Treasury except for
service performed. By this bill the mail will be
earned daily, both ways, in less than a week, from
our Atlantic and Pacific borders, for little more
than it now costs for a semi monthly mad, occu-
pying near four weeks in the transit. Without
the road, the lands are valueless; but with it the
alternate sections will bring millions of dollars mto
the Tieasury, whilst an enteipnsing and indus-
tiious population will settle, cultivate, arid rapidly
fill up the country on either side of the route from
the Mississippi to the Pacific.
' Is it not our clear constitutional right to con-
struct this great highway through the territory of
the United States? Could language be more ex-
plicit than the delegation of authority in the fourth
article of the Constitution, for Congress " to dis-
pose of, and make all needful rules and regulations
respecting the territory of the United States;"
coupled with the power given in the first article,
" to establish post offices and post roads;" saying
nothing of th ose powers naturally flowing out of
that instrument to carry out its great purposes?
The POSTA L STEiVI was stipulated for, even
under the Confederation. In the ninth article,
