1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877
Congress had the exclusive right of " establishing
and regulating post offices from one State to another
throughout the United States, and exacting such
postage on the papers passing through the same
as may be requisite to defray the expenses of the
said office." When the original draft of the Con-
stitution was prepared, it only proposed to give
Congress "the power to establish post offices,"
but it was subsequently amended by adding <• and
post roads;" in which form it was adopted with-
out opposition.
The Federali.it, in an article prepared by Mr.
Madison, in discussing the provisions of the pro-
posed new form of Government, declared ihat
*'the power of establishing post roads must, in
every view, be a harmless power; and may, per-
haps, by judicious management, become produc-
tive of great public convenience. Nothing which
tends to facilitate the intercourse between the
States can be deemed unworthy of the public
care."
The Articles of Confederation had been projected
before the date of our act of independence. On
the 11th of June, 1776, the revolutionary Congress
resolved that " a committee beappoin'ed to prepare
and digest the form of a confederation to be entered
into between the Colonies " Their ratification,
however, did not begin until 1778, and was not con-
summated until 1st March, 1781. From this period
until the year 1789, when, on the4th of March, the
First Congress met under the new Constitution,
the power given in respect to the postal system
resulted in the establishment of seventy-five post
offices, with a total exient of mail route of 1,875
miles, at a cost for mail transportation of $22,081.
The efficacy of the new and enlarged delegation of
powei in the Constitution appears in the fact that,
in the ten years immediately preceding the begin-
ning of the present century, a little over the period
in which the postal system had existed under the
Confederation, the number of post offices in the
Union rose to 903, with an extent of post route of
20 817 miles, at a cost of mail transportation of
$128,614 The succeeding ten years it increased to
2,300 post offices, with 36,406 miles of post route,
at a cost for mail service of $327,966 From that
period it has been steadily advancing, until, in the
year 1852, there were 20,901 post offices, 214,284
miles of post route, at a cost for mail transit of
$4,225,311. For the past year, (1853,) we have
22,788 post offices, 218,743 miles of post route,
and $4,989,758 paid by the people for organizing,
enlarging, and perfecting this mighty system,
which, like the nerves of the human body, is de-
signed to he extended over every part of our
country, carrying intelligence from the center to
the extremities of the Republic. Is it not uni-
versally admitted that intelligence is the vital prin-
ciple of popular institutions, the current of life that
is fo sustain them, and tenew, in its regular flow,
their health and power?
is not the authority which the Constitution con-
fers for promoting the arts and sciences, and the
policy established by the founders of this Govern-
ment in setting apart a portion of our public domain
to the cause of education, an evidence of the im-
portance they attach to the dissemination of knowl-
edge as the mainspring of progress?
The prompt, speedy communication of intelli-
gence is the great desideratum of the age. We
seek it, like the diffusive light.of day, as an ele-
ment, not merely of social enjoyment, of mental
improvement, but of industrial prosperity.
The telegraphic wires now stretching over the
Union, the British Isles, upon the continent of
Europe, even reaching Asia and Northern Africa,
pnssi.isr over rivers, and under inland seas, and the
millions that are paid for the service, confirm the
truth here asserted. .
The post horse and country road have yielded
to the post coach and turnpike; these to the rail-
way and steam-engine; whilst, in speed of trans-
mission, the Electric power has passed the summit
of human expectation, by its tiiumphs over time
and spare. Upon what ground can we withhold
from California direct means of intercommunica-
tion equal to those possessed by her sister States
on the Atlantic, when the Constitution declares in
its fourth article, that "the citizens of each State
shall be entitled to all privileges and immunities
of the several States ? "
In view of this constitutional obligation, will
you not extend to her a participation in^ that
wonderful system of inland transit and inter-
I course with her sister Slates which others enjoy
j without stmt or limitation? Will you leave us,
] separated and disconnected from you by half a
; hemisphere, and comnel us to seek our ancient
| homes, and mingle with you only by encountering
: the privations of an overland journey through an
■ Indian country, or the dangers of the sea in coming
ic pi i lailu lliluuf,u uij
nidian country, or the dangers of the sea in coming
; around the western and eastern slopes of the North
| American continent through foreign territory; or
\ in pursuing, for seventeen thousand miles, the
watery tra< k around Cape Horn? I have thus
considered this subject as part of a
i POSTAL SYSTEM, esteemed by every en-
i lightened nation so important to its prosperity,
' and in which we seek a fair participation. It has
, been operating in the political transitions of the
j country, from the Revolution to the present time;
i and the people of California ask to have extended
1 to them its full benefits, not as a favor, but as a
constitutional right. We ask the exercise of
no disputed power, such as the construction of
a road by the United States Government through
the limits of a Soveueicn State. We leave
the extension of the road through California
to the Stale hprself, and m addition to compen-
sation for carrying the United States mails, ap-
propriate public land, in limited quantities, and
with specified restrictions, in accordance with le-
gislative precedents, well established for nearly
a third of a century. It is, in fact, only neces-
sary to consult our statute-books for the last thiee
years, to see the unqualified manner in which this
congressional power has been exercised. I refer
more especially to the act of Congress, approved
September, 1850, to grant " the right of way, and
making a grant of land to the States of Illinois,
Mississippi, and Alabama, in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile." Also,
i that of June 10, 1852, "granting the right of way
'■ to the State of Missouri, and a for-Iion of the
j public lands to aid in the constmction of certain
| railroads >n said State;" followed by a general act,
I approved August 10, 1852, granting " the right of
way to all rail and plank loads and macadamized
turnpikes through the public lands belonging to the
Unitf d Slates " And the act, approved February
9, 1853, " granting the right of way, and making
a grant of land to the States of Arkansas and Mis-
souri, to aid in the construction of a railroad from
a point on the Mississippi, opposite the mouth of
the Ohio river, via Little Rock,to theTexas bound-
ary, near Fulton, in Arkansas, with brunches to
i Fort Smith and the Mississippi river."
j Upon these piecedents, and numeious grants of
public land to other Stales of the Union, which,
t unlike California, have been fosteied, nurtured,
and sustained by the National Tieasury from ter-
I ritorial infancy op to their political majority, and
j have, since received the benefits of large con-
cessions of the richest agricultural lands, we ask
; of Congress, and have a right to ask, upon the
i terms of even-handed justice, that our far-oft State,
exiled by a continent of territorial space, shall
be placed upon an equal footing with other States
of the Union; and who, ill justice, can stand up
here and deny us? The bill, it fs true, pro-
poses an increase in the number of alternate sec-
tions, but not greater in proportion than what is
- believed to be reasonable, when we consider the
! low cost of materials and labor, at the great centers
1 and thoroughfares of trade on and near the Missis-
! Sippi, in contrast with the enormous prices which
! thev command with us, and the expense of trans-
i porting equipments to the other side of the conti-
S "^hese considerations so fully justify the pro-
I posed increase in the quanity of land as to render
1 argument or comment almost unnecessary. It
seems, in fact, indispensable, in a relative point of
view, if we intend to place California on equal ,
terms with her sister land S'ates, who have been so i
liberally dealt with by Congress. j
In thus leaving the State of California to con-
struct the extension of the Pacific railway through ^
her limits, we avoid infringement of State sover- j
ei°*nty or any constitutional difficulties, i he diver ,
sky and essential difference of views held on this
subject by distinguished statesmen had not escaped
attention, but were deliberately considered m
framing the bill before you.
CONSTITUTIONAL POWER.
We find the opinion has been advanced with j
great ability, and eminent juridicaHearmng, that«
the clause in the Constitution respecting " post
roads," gave Congress an express, not implied,
power; and that the non-exercise of this power,
in its full extent, m regard to the construction of
" post roads," but merely designating existing
Slate roads as post routes, was not a surrender of
the power, and did not exhaust it; but that, under
the Constitution, it still exists as a full right, and
may be exercised whenever in the judgment of
Congress it may be necessary. This construction,
I. A /fi 11.^ Bit) t tl IV\   A VAd,1A V\ 1 V, M Vl n MVl rt l"* 1 ftl l"l rt
^ I Ooo lb llluj It I J ■ * III© I'UllQLiUVtlvl
however, falls withiri the reasoning and principles
that assert a still larger exercise of congressional
interposition in works of internal improvement.
Mr. Jefferson, in hisannual message of December,
1806, and his successor, Mr. Madison, m his mes-
sage of December, 1816, denied any such general
power in Congress.
President Adams, on the other hand, in his in-
augural of the 4th March, 1825, took a contrary
view, which sanctioned the principle, and favored
expenditures from the National Treasury for such
purposes. In 1827, the House of Representatives,
by a large majority, voted an appropriation for the
continuation of surveys of routes and roads. In
1830, that body took an opposite position, and
rejected, by a decided majtn ity, a bill to construct
a road from Buffato to New Orleans; and in that
same year President ^Jackson held that Congress
possessed no power, under the Constitution, to
construct roads, or vote money for internal im-
provements of a Local character, but admitted that
the right to make appiopiiations for works of a
national character had so generally obtained as to
warrant its exercise.
In his message of May, 1822, President Monroe
examined, with eminent ability, the constitutional
provision delegating authority to Congress respect-
ing " post roods " He analyzed the sul^ect by an
almost irresistible process of. reasoning, and by
his construction confined and restricted the power
in such a manner as to avoid the slightest trespass
upon the rights and jurisdiction of the sovereign
States. The power,'as thus defined, is held to
be the true constitutional doctrine; and, in accord-
ance with it, we propose that California shall
make her own portion of the Pacific road, from
its junction on her eastern boundary to the ocean;
and, make to her a grant of land, m strict and exact
obedience to legislative precedents, to aid her in
the construction of the same.
" Suppose," said a distinguished jurist who once
adorned the supreme bench, that " the State roads
do not furnish (as in point of fact they did not at
the time of the adoption of the Constitution, and
as hereafter, for many exigencies of the Govern-
ment in times of war, and otherwise they may not)
suitable routes for the mails, what is then to be
done? Is the power of the General Government
to be paralyzed ?" Such considerations doubtless
had their weight with Congress; for m 1806, during
the Administration of Mr. Jefferson, a law was
passed, by which the President was authorized
" to cause to be opened a road from the frontier of
Georoia, on the route from Athens to New Orleans,
till the same intersects the thirty-first degree of
north latitude," and " to cause to beopened a road
or roads through the territory, lately ceded by the
Indians to the "United States, from the river Mis-
sissippi to the Ohio, and to the former Indian
boundary line which was established by the treaty
of Grenville;" and to cause to be " opened a road
from Nashville, m the State of Tennessee to INat-
chez, in the Mississippi Territory. Here, and
in other examples which could be cited, wf find
Congress expressly requiring the Executive of the
General Government to have a road opened even
through the limits of a sovereign State; but waiv-
ing these precedents, and adhering to the sounder
constitutional doctrine, which forbids the exercise
of such powers by Congress within the boundaries
of a State, the provisions of the bill ore so drawn
that the strictest constructionist can take no ex-
ception to them in this respect. ,u„t
That there must be an ocean outlet fiom that
immense territory, extending from the Mississippi
valley on the east to the Pacific ori the west, must
be conceded by every member of tbe Senate.
is it to be supposed that theactive, restless, ana
enterprising u.ce of men already finding their way
for settlement in that direction, and soon to till it
up by millions, with their high capacities ot civ-
ilization, can be confined in their trade an usi
ness of life to expansive prairies and plains, or
walled in between the rocks of the Sierra Maura
