1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WALSH. I would ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether there is any law in exist-
ence which gives to the Secretary of the Treasury
a percentage on the $10,000,000 we have appro-
priated to Mexico for the Gadsden treaty' If
there is, I will vote for this biii.
Mr. SMITH. I presume there is no such law.
There was an set passed in 1839 designed to settle
such demands; designed to protect the accounting
officers of the Treasury from the annoyancc of
having illegal demands presented to them; de-
signed to protect this House and committee from
the consumption of time arising out of ;he pur-
suit of these demands, addressed to' the equity
and liberality, and frequently to the carelessness,
of Congiess. It is well known by every member
here how many claims of an unsubstantial char-
acter pass through Congress from the want of
proper investigation. The case now before us
seems lo be one of the experiments upon Con-
gress that are so much to be deplored, but which
bo frequently succeed.
Mr. STUART, of Michigan. Butafewweeks
ago the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith]
exhibited a very earnest solicitude in behalf of
Mrs. Greenhow,'the widow of the law agent of
the California land commission, Mrs. Greenhow
presented a claim to Congress for compensation
for the extra services of her deceased husband,
performed while he was acting as such agent.
That claim was addressed to the equitable consid-
eration of Congress. There was no law author-
izing its payment. The gentleman from Virginia,
was an earnest advocate of that claim upon this
floor, because he said he krew Mr. Greenhow to
have been a man of honor, learning, and integrity,
and who had devoted his life, if he had not indetd
lost it, in performing the duties of his office in
California; while, in point of fact, 1 believe he fell
over,a bad place in the street and broke his neck.
I voted with the learned gentleman from Virginia,
in favor of that claim, for the simple reason that j
1 thought it just and equitable that where a man >
had performed services which were outside of the
line of his specified duties, the Government should
pay him for those services. i
.Now, we have presented here ihe claim of
another widow—the widow of a man who has
served his country, according to the testimony !
onrecord, faithfully and zealously upon the tented ]
field. But this officer and his widow have not j
been so fortunate as to have formed the acquaint-
ance of the learned gentleman from Virginia; and
hence, instead of being the advocate of this bill, as
consistency, I hold, would compel him to be, we
find him arrayed in opposition to a bill addressed
to the equitable consideration of Congress, and
fortified not only by the recommendations of a
committee of this House, but by those of supe- ,
rior officers of the Army, who served with Colonel j
Mackay in the field, and were cognizant of his j
whole military career, and who testify to his
fidelity, industry, assiduity, and integrity in the '
disbursements of thepuhlic money made by him. I
It is a singular circumstance in the history of this
case, that through a long life of public service, ,
during which Colonel Mackay disbursed millions ;
of the public money, not a single dollar was ever !'
lost by the Government. Because, indeed, sir, ,
the accounts of this gentleman are not settled in '
the Department, he is now to be branded on this
floor as a defaulter. The record shows, the re-
port made by the Committee on Military Affairs
shows, that Colonel Mackay does not occupy
the position of a defaulter before the Government.
His accounts are unsettled, to be sure; but there
is no pretense that he is a defaulter in money to
the Government, or thathehas misapplied money
confided to him by the Government for disburse-
ment.
What I want to ask the gentleman from Virginia,
[Mr. Smith,] is this: I ask him to point out to
me, to this House, to the country, nay, to point
out to the widow of Colonel Mackay, when, she
comes here submitting this matter to his equitable
consideration, the difference between the claim
advocated by him a few weeks ago on this floor
in favor of the widow of hi-j friend, Mr. Green-
how, of California, for extra compensation dueto
him for discharging duties imposed upon him out-
side of the circle of the duties of his office, as
defined by law, and this claim of the widow of an
officer of our Army, which is submitted to our
equitable consideration. Both claims are made
for services rendered by the husband of the appli-
cant, outside of his public duties.
Mr, SMITH. I will answer the gentleman.
I ask the attention of the gentleman from Mich-
igan and the committee to the difference between
, the case of Mr. Greenhow and that of Colonel
' Mackay; and I am happy that the opportunity
, has been thus given me to presert that difference,
i because I am not satisfied with the judgment of
! tVje House in the question of Mr. Greenhow.
' Sir, on the statement of the gentleman from Mich-
• igaii himself I have got the judgment of the House
on the question now at its bar for adjudication.
He says the cases are alike, and it is for the House
to say whether they are or not. If the cases are
alike, the House has already pronounced judgment
against this claim, and how does he expect them
to reverse that judgment?
Mr. STUART. On the ground that
tC White tho lamp holds out to burn
The vilest sinutr may return." [Laughter, j
Mr. SMITH. Oh ! exactly. Very likely.
1 ask the attention of the committee to thebroad
difference that there is between the cases. Mr.
Greeahow was the assistant law agent in Cali-
fornia. The Government had a right to his ser-
: vices in that, character, and in that character only.
; We all know very well that where a lawyer is
engaged he is engaged in a particular duty; but
i this engagement does not in any resoect absorb
l the whole of his time. Nor is the obligation one
for his perpetual and exclusive services. Like
any agency in which a lawyer embarks, he era-
, barks in it to perform the duty connected with
' this employment—on employment which never
! absorbs the whole of his time. And in this par-
; ticular case of Mr. Greenhow, let me tell the gen-
, tleman, the duties required of him were of that
cnaracter that did not require the whole of histime.
Not so, however, in the case of Colonel Mackay.
He bore the commission of his country. He wore
her button on Ijis coat. His life was dedicated to
her service. And if he died in the public service,
his widow was entitled to a pension. The case of
Mr. Greenhow was this. He w;.s ihe assistant law
agent in California. He was not the law agent,
but the assistant; for the necessities of the public >
service, in connection with that commission, re-j
quired that there should be not only an assistant i
law agent, but a law agent to boot. Yfell, now, j
sir, a man might be an assistant law agent, and I
still give his time to a large amount of private j
business, as was the case in this instance. But i
when you devolve upon him the double duties of!
principal and assistant, 1 ask the committee, and j
1 ask the gentleman himself, if it is not calling I
upon him to perform duties which the Go\er.i- j
ment had no right to demand of him ? Now, sir, I
he came here and demanded nothing as assistant |
law agent. He came here and appealed, not to i
the equity of the House, but to their justice, and j
asked that he should be paid for the duties which |
he performed, right manfully and ably, as ctgerit ;
*or the Government. He acted in two characters,
when the Government had no right to require him
to act but in one. There is a difference between
that case and the case now before us. In the Cc.se
at bar, Mr. Mackay appears in the character in
which the Governmentis entitled to hi3 whole ser-
vices. We all know perfectly well thai this is the
fact. That makes the difference. Why, then,
should I have referred to his family3 Recollect
that the bill in that particular case involved an
amendment which gave the allowance that x sought
for him to his representatives. Attractive as the
widow was, I did not undertake to give it to her.
1 brought that in because I do love, I acknowledge,
to feel the glow which beauty and loveliness ever
excite in my bosom; and i thought that the allu-
sion to it might influence some of the young men
whom I see around me in this House.
Mr. STUART. I desire to ask the gentleman ;
one question. The gentleman says that the prop-
osition was not to pay to the widow of Mr. Green- ;
how the money which was asked to be appropri-
ated. 1 aek the gentleman if the bill, which was
introduced into this House by him, did not pro-
pose, in terms, to give this money to  he widow
of Mr. Greenhow, and if the proposition, by
which it was so changed as to direct the money to
; be paid to the representatives of Greenhow, did
i not proceed from another quarter, and a quarter
hostile to the bill ?
j, Mr. SMITH. Mo, sir. I did not introduce
ij the bill, and the change was made at my instance.•
!j i made it a sine quanon.
|j But, sir, the two cases are not analogous-. ' I
think I stand perfectly consistent. The whole;
question here is, whether an officer, to -whose'
whole services and whole time the Governmentis*
entitled, in the face of the law, and in the face"of
a failure to press his demand, shall be atlowetd,
through his representatives, at this late day, to
come here and claim it.
Mr. BENTON. I wish to call back the atteri-
ji tion of the committee to the case which is before-
|j them. A few words in rentier, to the set of Coiri- -
|j gress in 1833, which has been so often quoted
;i here. Now, sir, neither the words themselves
upon their face, or upon their history, will bear
the construction or the application which has
been given to them. Neither upon their face, nor
upon the history of the times, is there any sort
j of relation to ihe construction which is sought (o
I be put upon them.
| Thf words of the act are:
<( N'o extra compensation or ailowar.ee j.bat! rar.de to
j any oincer in any !:rUK'h of tiie public service, except the
j petrtp be authorized hv taw,"
j Now, sir, what was the evii which that act was
; designed to remedy? What was the evii? Sir, I
I was cotemporary with that act. 1 donotclaim to
! understand it better than others because i drew it,
! but 1 leave it, to explain itself. I say 1 was co-
I temporary with that act; and what wos tile design
1 of it? It was not made as a restraint upon Cori-
| gress. No, air; it was made as a restraint upon
departmental allowances; iht't, and nothing els®
| under God'a heaven, but departmental allowances
; arbitrarily made, mmetimea one per cent., some-
; times two, someti r.es two and ? half, and some-
j times, ! believe, four and five p«i cent. Sir, if
j you will look over their accounts during that pe-
j riod, you will find that they are full of these allow-
' ances. W 'l, sir, what did Congress say ? Why,
| tiiis is lighting the candle at both ends; we pay a
i percentage to ccllect the money, and that is fixed
' by !nw; wo pay a percentage on paying it out,
and i hat is not fixed by law—it is fixed by depart-
mental discretion. Therefore they said, we will
stop this departmental allowance founded oil die-
< cretion.
i Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman will
! allow me, 1 desire to ask him a qi'Tuon. I take
| it for granted that he is familiar with this law of
; 1839, and I ask him if it was not intended with
I a view of putting doww these allowances, these
: claims, these demands?
(! Mr. BENTON. No, r.ir. Nut these claims;
p not these demands The grudoriiaii used the right
| word first, when he said "allowances,"and allow-
j anres are very different from claims. It was de-
! signed to prevent the use of discretionary power
i ut the Departments in these allowances. They
'had n way of aliov.ir.g, more or less, different
[ sums to different persons, according to their
fancies; and we stopped that. The law was to
j apply to them, and not, to single individual casee.
; The law applied to departments discretion alone,
< leaving Congress to do as they please.
| M>. SMITH. But  he language of the law
; indicates thai it was intended to prevent just such
demands as this.
I Mr. BblNTON. Read the law.
Mr. SMITH. I will. It reads as follows:
j "No officer in any bntren ufthe p.nice shall re-
1 ceiveany extra allowance oreompensaiion fortlsedi tmrse-
i .,;,:nt of'pubhc money, unless the saris1 be authorized by
law."
I think this law intended ;.i prevent these de-
mands from being made to Congress, as well r<s
i to the Departments. Of course 'Congress hns
• power over the whole question. Nobody dis-
I putes that.
Mr. BENTON-.- I now tptt this subject, har-
, ing shown that that act was made to operate upon
; departmental discretion, and act upon r.ny cxi&t-
I ing law. It does not reoeal any existing law
■ under which extra allowances inijht be made. It
I does not undeitake to prevent Congress from
; making such allowances as they may think proper
| hereafter. £t leavep tho whole matter open to Con-
; gress. Instead of permitting these officers to get
; their allowances at the Departments, it permits
j them to come here and get their allowances by
| law.
Now, ou# word with respect to Colonel Mas-
