1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
on the subject before the House. I will occupy j!
but a moment's time. I say, at the outset,that if
I v/ere a Senator i should vote against this bill.
I think it is a bad bill; and 1 have heard no reason ;
assigned, either upon this floor or from the little
inquiries i have made from Senators—I have heard i,
no reason whatever assigned for passing it. On jj
the contrary, I have no doubt that the Senate and ],
officers can be paid as they are at present paid in !,
this House. After the genLleman from Indiana
[Mr. Mace] offered his amendment, some weeks j'
ago, to this bill, I took it upon me to inquire of
the Speaker, and I learned from him that there
was no difficulty whatever in the payment of the
members and officers m the way they are now
paid,and that there is no necessity for any change.
As it no.v is, the money remains m the Treasury,
where it is perfectly safe, and the payments are ;
made from time to time, as we all understand. |
If this bili passes, then theSecretary of the Sen- !
ate may obtain money from the Treasury to any ,
amount he wishes—to the extent of seveial hun- i
dred thousand dollars—and, as it is suggested, he !
would probably deposit it for safe-keeping in some
one of the banks of the city. Well, then, if this I1
bank breaks, of course the money is lost, because, !j
though the Secretary may give a bond, neither the j
Senate nor the House wouid be likely to collect it
from him, if there were no default on his part. I
am not disposed, therefore, to have the public ;
funds placed in that situation, because I think there 1
is no necessity for it, viz: to put them m peril un- •
necessarily. Nevertheless, 1 stand in a very [
difficult position on this matter. The Senatemay j
have good reasons, which they do not think i
pruper'to give us, for their desire so to place a
portion of the public funds, as a matter of conve- i
nienee, in a state which may be more agreeable to
them than if it were in the Treasury. I say that,
for their personal gratification, or convenience,
they may desire this thing to be done. AVell, sir,
if I vote for the bill, I shall vote against my own ,j
judgment, very decidedly formed, to gratify the 'j
'Senate. I rather think that I will vote for the bill, jj
if amended as proposed by our committee, and yet, jl
even then, I am placed in a situation of embar- jj
rassment, caused by a conflict between a feeling j
of courtesy to the Senate, and of doubt as to the jj
propriety of the measure. h
Again: i have objections to the salary of the Sec- '
retavy of the Senate. He has heretofore performed
the like duties for his present salary of 4,3,000 a ,
year, with the aid of a clerk, who, 1 am told, gets
$1,500 a year to attend to this very business of'
paying Senators,&c.; and it is proposed to give the ;
Secretary $1,000 a year more for doing the same j
duties that he has aheady been doing. I dislike '
that. I do not agree with my friend from Ohio, ^
that'we have nothing to do with the pay that the j
Senate may choose to give their officers. Sir, the 1
officers of the Senate are officers of the United ^
States, and we may very well inquire what com- j'
pensation they ousht to have. I will tell you, |
in effect, what will probably result from this ,
thing. If we vo'e the Secretary of the Senate |
000 additional for no additional duty—for /
he'performed this branch of his duties heretofoie, 1
and had a clerk with a salaiy of $1,500 a year
to help him to perform this identical duty of'
disbursing the funds of the Senate, besides a ;
number of other clerks to aid him in his duties— ,
you will find some gentlemen coming into this
House, perhaps before the end of the present ses-
sion. and saying that the Clerk of the House has ,
just as arduous duties to perform as the Secretary
of the Senate, and therefore his salary should be
increased to S4,000. I have observed these things j
carefully; and I am glad that this debate has
sprung up at this time, because I hone it will in-
duce those who are new membeis upon this floor
to take occasion to examine into the matter. We
shall see, I say, dunng the course of this session,
probablv, a number of propositions brought be-
fore us for the increase of salaries, and the paying
of extra allowances to officers who are already
well ind. I hive carefully noted how these mat-
ters io on. Somebody presents to the House the
case of an officer who, he says, ought to have an
increase of salary, on the ground that he has great
trouble in the discharge of his duties, and is,
withal, a very meiitoriousindividual. ^ ou,theie-
fore, increase his compensation: and, upon the
strength of that action of the House, somebody
else brings ill another bill lor the meiease of the
salary of another officer of the same grade of
office. You push him up also; and then follows,
as the next step, a general bill to raise the sal-
aries of all the officers of that class; and they will
remain so raised for a few sessions. Then, after
awhile, some one will represent to the House that
a certain officer, A, for instance, does more work
than B, and that he should receive a still further
increase of salary; and so it will go oil.
Now, in my experience in Congress for mnny
years, there has never been an office abolished by
Congress; and never an instance in which a
salary has been reduced. When, therefore, we
shall come to the matter of the increase of the sal-
aries of officers, it is well to look about us, and see
the general consequence. I think there is no reason
for an increase of this salary of the Secretary of
the Senate. I shall therefore.vote for the amend-
ment which strikes out that provision of the ori-
ginal bill. I think I shall vote for the bill under
protest, if it be amended as proposed. I shall vote
for the bill to gratify the Senators. They think
they have a right to the control and disposition of
their contingent fund 
Mr. CllAlGE, (interrupting ) Will thegentle-
man vote to giatify the Senators against his own
judgment'
Mr. CLINGMAN'. If I vote for it at all, I
can put it upon 110 other ground than a desire, as
a matter of courtesy, to oblige Senators. The
members of the Senate are, perhaps, a more digni-
fied body than the House; and, perhaps, for that
reason, they do not like the idea of going down
to the Treasury Department, fiom time to time,
for such little sums as they may happen to need.
This is a mere matter of taste: yet 1 am willing
to gratify them, if we can do so without putting
the public funds m-peiii. 1 wish, however, that
this bill had expressly provided—and 1 regret that
the chairman of the Committee on Ways and
Means did not lecommend that amendment—that
the Secretary should not draw out over $20,000
at a tipie. I would inquire of the gentleman from
Alabama whether, if this bill passes, and theSec-
retary of the Senate gives bonds for $20,000, he
is authorized to diaw from the Treasury a larger
sum than that >
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no restriction m
the lull as to the amount-which he shall draw.
If this bill passes as it came from the Senate, he
will have the control, not only of the pay for the j
mileage and per diem of the Senators, but of the j
entire contingent fund of the Senate. j
Mr. CLINGMAN. If that be so, and I pre- I
sume the gentleman from Alabama is right, he
may draw several hundred thousand dollars, and j
deposit it in one of the banks of this city. 1 do
not know whether the Secretary of the Senate
would take six per cent, for the use of it while
there, and I have no reason to think that he will.
Hut it is not improbable that, when he comes to
1 choose between the banks, some of them may
make hbeial offers, and those banks which are the
least secure will be ready to ull'er the greatest in-
ducement to him to put the money in their hands,
and he may. in that manner, realize an immense
sum annually, if he chooses. Now, 1 do not like
to expose any officers to temptations of that sort.
I believe Mr. Dickens is an honest man; but I
regret that there is not a limitation, as I would
vote for the bill cheerfully with a limitation of the
kind I have pointed out; and I am in doubt
whether I ought to vote for it without such a limi-
tation, even it' it be amended as the committee
propose. Would it be in older to move an amend-
ment providing that the Secretary should not, at j
anyone time, receive a larger amount than the !
amount to be paid ' 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman can accom-
plish his object it he will vote for the amendment ,
which separates the two funds, and leaves the con-
tingent fund of the Senate just where it is. If he
will vote for the amendment to keep the funds
separate, and guarded by proper restrictions, there
will be no difficulty about the matter; and then this
bill will apply alone to the pay and mileage of ^
Senators.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I understand that; but at ,
the same time I am willing that some portion of the ;
contingent-fund of the Senate should stand upon j
the same footing with their per diem and mileage,
so that, for instance, their little dally expenses may
be paid off also. If a member's chair or desk is :
broken, I am willing that they should have aie I
means of arranging such matters, without being
obliged to go to the Treasury. I should rather
have an amendment which limits the amount in
the hands of the Secretary, and then reject the last
amendment of the Committee on Ways and Means,
though we may possibly attain the same object
by agreeing to the amendment. I make this sug-
gestion, because f have some difficulty about the
matter, and because 1 hope also that gentlemen
will join me in looking into some of the proposed
expenditures which will come before us during the
session. 1 promised my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Taylor] to renew the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The first section of the bill reads as follows:
<• That all moneys which have been, or may hereafterbe,
appropnated toi the compendium ofnmnbers and otlicers,
and lor tin* contingent expense*: of the Senate, shall be paid
out oi the TieaMiiy on requisition drawn by the Secretary
ot the Senate, and ^hali be kept, disbuised, and accounted
for bj. hun aceoidmg to law; and the "aid Secretary t-hiill
be de'emed the disbui&ing officer, and shall be allowed the
sum of $1,000 per aruiutn as a compensation, over and
above his salaiy as Secretaiy ot the Senate, for tiie duties
lieieby imposed upon him."
The SPEAKER. The question first in order
1 will be upon the first amendment proposed by the
committee, which is to strike out after the word
u members" the words, " and officers, and forthe
contingent expenses."
Mr. 13AVLY, of Virginia. As there is to be
a quarrel between the two Houses, I want to see
1 who will make it, and 1 therefore call for the yeas
j and nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
! The yeas and nays were not ordered.
| The question was then taken, and the amend-
i ment was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The question next in order
; will be upon the second amendment proposed by
I the committee to the first section, which is to strike
| out the words " and shall be allowed the sum of
#1,000 per annum, as a compensation over and
above his salary as Secretary of the Senate, for
; the duties hereby imposed upon him."
| Mr. WHEELER. I call for the yeas and
! nays upon the adoption of the amendment.
i The yeas and nays were not ordered.
i The question was then taken, and the amend-
! ment was agreed to.
The second section of the bill reads as follows:
"And he it fuilhcr cnacted, That in lieu of the bond now
rennn <*d bv law to be given bv the Secretary of ihe Senate,
he shall yiVe bond to the United States, within ten days
after the p:i o<ce of this act, with one or more sureties, to
be appioved hv ihe OoinptioUers of the Treasury, in the penal
i sum ot with condition fo^lhe faithful application
! ,tnd dif-burM'ment of mu-Ii fund* as may be drawn irom the
1 Tp'iiMirv under tins act, which bond shall be deposited in
I the Comptrollers'nthoe; and it *ha  be the duty of each
! and everv Seeietary of the Senate who may hereafter be
! chosen, to give bond as afoiesaid, within thirty days after
lie enters upon the duties ot his office, and before making
any requisition as aforesaid."
The SPEAKER. The third amendment pro-
posed by the committee is to strike out of the
I second section the words " in lien of," and insert
' in place thereof the words " in addition to."
I The question was then taken, and the amend-
! ment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment was the following:
i « Pa.'c 1, line S3, after the words 'by the,' insert the
word "first,'  o as to make the clause read 'to be ap-
' pioved by the Fast Comptroller of tile Treasury.' "
jj The question was put, and the amendment
II was agreed to.
j; The fifth amendment was the following:
!' 1, hne 29, after the words 1 of the,' insert the
word 1 iirst.' "
| Mr. HOUSTON. This amendment makes the
j. same change as the last.
! The question was put, and the amendment was
1: =The sixth amendment was to strike out the
^Mr? BAYLY. I call for the yeas and nays,
and, that there may be no mistake, J ask for tell-
6r TeUeTswere ordered; and Messrs. Haiu-a*, of
Indiana, and Wheeler were appointed.
Several Members. Read the section.
The section proposed to be stricken out. was
read by the Clerk, as follows:
« And be it further enoctcd, Tlmt the accounts of the
p"""a h\V 'wm'imw audit and control tuch
gCm expenses, and < eitifi.d to have been so pa^ed b> the
