1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
kay. It is a hard thing for a man like him—a jj
man who fought his country's battles, and lived p
an honorable and patriotic life—now in his grave, !j
to be called a defaulter. Sir, it will not stick. \\
An honester man never was created in the world; ;!
nor one more patriotic; nor one who lived more ji
void of offense, before God and man, more punc-
tilious in discharging every duty that belonged to
him, public and pi ivute, social and political. To
call such a man "a defaulter" m the Congress of
the United States, is to use woids that will not
suck; there is no power that can make them stick.
1 duve them back with the indignant feelings
which a man ought to have when he sees the dead
attacked in this way—-the dead to whom he was
attached in life, and whose memory he respect?.
Now, ae for his widow, her name and person
have been lightly handled here. She is not a wo-
man to be lightly handled anywhere. She is a
mation, an aged. woman, the mother of a numer-
ous family.to whose care she hns devoted her life.
She is entifled to be spoken of respectfully, and
not with levity anywhere, but especially in the
Arneikan Congress.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 am one of those,
Mr. Chairman, who make it a rule, if 1 can,
always to be in the right; and in the right not only
in fact and principle, but in feeling. This commit-
tee and the gentleman all heard me make an ex-
planation, which wos wholly unnecessary m refer- i
ence to the chaiacter of these defaults. Does not !
the committee remember that I went into a state- i
ment as to how defaults appeared to exist and be ,
outstanding against a party, when in truth ihere I
was really no default. For instance, if I, as dis- ;
burning officer, ieceive $.100,000 fiom one of the !
accounting ofnccrs, I am charged with it, and until ;
I settle my accounts, I am debtor to that amount. •
If any item of my account is dhsallowed, i am a
defaulter in the technical language of the day. I
made this explanation because it was not my de-
sire to see the slightest injustice done the dead.
Every member of the committee will i em ember it.
Very few persons wouid have resorted to that :
prtcutUton. I did not say one woid against the1
chaiacter of Colonel Mackay. I assumed that j
he was all that vvms claimed for him, a gallant,
faithful, uptight officer. Still I said that there .
wa-i no law authorizing the claim, nmie whatever.
M r. j A iNT DL HY. \ rise to a quest ion of order, j
1 believe that the gentleman has spoken once or ;
twice on this subject ah eady.
Mr. SMITH. 1 hope 1 may be allowed to ;
proceed.
Mr. LINDLEY. I desire to s^e our business
progiess. ,
Mr. ORR. When the gentleman from Vir- |
gin id io.u, nobody cUe sought the lloor, and he
16 now entitled to it.
The CHAIRMAN". The Chair decides that >
the gendeiinni is entitled to the flour. ;
Mr. SMITH. I am surprised that the gentle- .
inau from Missomi [Mr. Lindlky] should have !
come into the piay at so late a day. '
Now, the act of 1839, Mr. Chan man, expressly
says that no officer m the public service shall re- :
ceive any extra compensation for disbursements of'
public money, unless the same be authorized by i
law. (Jan human language be more compre- !
hensive? ,l No officer shall receive any sum of :
money for any extra service, unless it be author- '
ized by law " This, unquestionably, is the law.
The gentleman from Missoun informs us that
that law is no restraint upon Congress. Why, 1
am very much obliged to the gentleman for telling
me thai. It put me in mind of an old judge, who
was fond of a good dinner and a bottle of wine
undt'i' his belt afterward, who, being called on to
hold a scouon of the court after dinner, and see-
ing some "young lawyers emptying their green
U'gs', said sigmfkantiy, "Well, young gentlemen,
pickle reniesnber that we know something." 1
would say to the aged gentleman from Missouri,
I hat s 'Ktiiy thought when he told the committee
it was not bound by this law, that, it couid pass
this I ili notwithstanding; that this was a matter
;i'!d'es-ed to our discretion, over which we had ,
cot'.iol: that he might remember we knew that
f;ct. No member of the committee is so badly !
enltg!,>rned bs not to know that. Nobody raises ,
a tpi' s'lon or- it. But [ ask him if he imagines fur
a iiuiiiifril, that when this law was passed, it
"was intended to transfer this question of the :
al'ov/uncss of accounting officers to' this Hall, i
Congress has been struggling for years, to the
utmost ofits capacity, to manage so as to get clear
of these demands. According to the logie of the
gentleman from Missouri, this law of 1S39 was
intended to transfer this troublesome business
back to Congress, it was not the purpose to set-
tle this thing, to lay down a rule that should effect-
ually settle these questions of allowances, but it
was simply the purpose to transfer them from one
department of the Government having charge of
such matteis, to ar.othei—the most cumbersome
: and the most unfit of any in the world to decide
■ them.
j One word moie, and I will conclude my re-
! marks, i mvne the attention of the committee to
: the following letter of General Jesup. appended to
' the report made m this case:
I (it'ARTUnMASTtR GeSFRU.'i OkXICF, )
Wamijnc.ton City, Dcrcmhci 23, 18.i3. $
. Sir: f have leceived your letter dated yesterday. Time
j no official evidence in tin-- office, rhatthe l.ue Colonel
■ Mackay oh«iig<■ <1 si pei ccnta^i: for di-bur^uic -pecuil appio
j pnati'ins tor carrying on the Florida ami Greek ; but
i I have unofficial mfnimauon Jn>m iheThnd Auditor's nl
i flee, thai In* rhfuiicd a per centre t<w di.-lmiMPjj 9^0
| 02, during the cfiiiifiaiuri ni Georgia and Aiabdin i,
I wlucli it appealed w.^ dtsnPoweri. I5*'i ig then m iIn* lirld
■ myxHi, m command of the annv operating no; unst the Ure< k
] Indians, I know the Colonel vva-* iluro, and tlnu lie dis-
, Imivcd tnr<* > sums ot monev ; and that he performed ins
! dimes liKKt faubiuHv and etiieientiy.
1 I have the honor to be,  ir, vour tno<T obedient ^rrvant,
] TH S. Quartermasfcr Genera!
| Hon. Ei.lihp f*. Washbwrnk, House oj Representutna,
j Washington City.
! That brings me to the consideration of another
j point. If a man is faithful, according to the logic
: of the gentleman from Missouri, in the perforrn-
; ance of h is duties, he is to have extra allowances;
: but if he is faithless, then of course he is not to
! have them. What is the difleience between the
! gentleman from M'ssoun and myself m respect to
this? He mollis to establish a ^cale of rewards:
• and if a public officer appears to be faithful, why
j he is to have extia aliownnee, but if he is not
: faithful, then he is not to have it
Permit me hereto say, that I would not cast one
j word of reflection upon the lady of Colonel M ackay;
> and I would not utter om~ woid which would bring
! a single regret to the bosom of any one Is it a
fact that Colonel Mackay is a defaulter to the
! Treasury ?  Sir, itisso.
j Mr. f>ENTON. It is not so.
[ Mr SMITH. The gentleman fmm Missouri
] says it is not so. But, I appeal to the reeord tor
: the fact. The record tells you that the fact is as
j I have stated.
| Mr liRNTON. Then the record is false.
Mr. SMITH i hope from my soul that it is
false. Rut the very character of this hill shows a
I disposition to get rid of the lesposibility, good or
: bad. That in itself is sufficient, i say, to satisfy
j us that the rccoul is not false.
j But the gentleman from Missouri tells us that
■ Colonel Mackay was a man to whom this thing
j could not stick. He [Mr. Benton] has certainly
i exhibited heiea degree of feeling, vety amiable
I and praiseworthy in a fiiend, but not exactly ger-
1 mane to one who is engaged in legislation. I am
| one of those who have always listened with
' pleasure to the gentleman from Missouri. I
i always love to do so. But still, T wi?h to be dis-
tinctly understood, that I am not to be driven from
I the position I take, through a sense of duty, by a
1 display of passion or an affectation of indignation.
Mr. BRNTON. Mr. Chairman, I have suc-
ceeded in getting hold of a work which pioves my
; assertion. It tells the whole story. I know the
, astonishment with which the committee will look
i overit. 11 is the" Biennial Register of the United
! States, for 1838." It is a list of officeis and
agents, civil and military, employed in the engi-
neer and other departments of the Army. Here
■ you find allowances made to officers at the rate of
; six dollars per day, and one per cent, on money
I distributed by them; ten dollars per day, and five
j per cent, on money distributed; two and one half
i per cent, on disbursements, live per cent, on dis-
bursements, and so on, page after page. And it
■ was to prevent all this that the act was passed
I cutting off allowances.
Mr. SMITH. . One word will dispose of this
| evidence. There is not the name of a military
; officer in the whole list. They are all agents,
• civilians employed to do this duty. And yet the
: gentleman from Missouri parades this before the
committee, as if the names in that Register were
those of Army officeis.
[Cries of " Question !" "Question!"]
Mr. FAULKNER. I move to amend the bill
by making the appropriation payable to the legal
representatives of Colonel Mackay, instead ot to
his widow.
Toe question being on the amendment of Mr.
Faulkner,
Mr. fcji'RATTON". I a-k for tellers.
Telleis vveie ordered; and Messrs. Preston
and Wheeler were appointed.
The question was then taken; and the tellers
reported—ayes 41, noes 81.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WASI:lBURNE,of Illinois. I move that
the bih be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a lecommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
DAVID C. CASH AND GILES U. ELLIS.
House bill (No. 171) "for the relief of David
C. Cash and Giles U. Ellis,"
The bill and report weie read through. The
bill provides that the Secretary of the Treasury
be directed to pay, out ofany money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, to David C.Cash,
late lieutenant, and Giles CJ. Ellis, private, in
the Seminole war in Floridu, whatever may be
due them on the muster-rolls for military seivices
m said war.
if appears from the report, that the memorial-
ists served in the war with the Scminoles in
Florida, the former as a lieutenant, and the latter
as a puvate. That they were deputed, with the
concuirence and approbation of their respective
commanders, to assist the regimental quartermas-
ter and commissary of subsistence, Richard R.
Crurn, in the receipt and disbursement of sup-
plies; the foimerat Fort Crane, and the latter at
Fort Giililand.
That they received supplies from time to time
from the acting quartet master of the United
Stales Army and the acting commissary of sub-
sistence, and placed the same in the public More-
houses of their respective stations, signing re-
ceipts and vouchers for the same. D. C. Cash
signing as "acting assistant commissary," and
c*lies IT. Ellis as " assistantquartermaster at Fort
Giililand.'1
It oUd appears, that although signing receipts
in this form, they considered themselves as acting
merely m the capacity of agents of Crurn, and
responsible to him alone.
it also appears that they well and truly dis-
charged their duties as the agents of the said
Crum, i eceivmg the supplies, and disbursing them,
upon regular requisitions, to the troops m ser-
vice, and (in pursuance oi law) to the suffering
inhabitants: and that, at the expiration of the
performance of their duty, they accounted to R.
R. Crum, the regimental quartermaster aforesaid,
delivering to him all the receipts, invoices, requi-
sitions, and other vouchers covering their issues,
and which vouchers were made out in his name.
That they had not supposed themselves liable for
the propeity to any one other than Crum, alleging
that they had received no authority whatever to
act m their own names as agents of the Govern-
ment, either in the quartermaster or commissary's
department.
And yet, when, after the war, they applied for
the pay due them on the muster-rolls for their
military services, they were met by an offset of
this very public property which years before
they had disbursed under orders from a regularly
recognized quartermaster, and to whom, as before
stated, they had fully accounted.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the committee
do now rise. -
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MAXWELL. I do not know what was
the ground of objection to this bill when it was
up before; but, taking it for granted that it was
made because of the state of things existing atthe
time, and because members were not aware of the
facts of the case, I now move that it be laid aside
to he reported to the House, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass.
The ra >tion was agreed to.
BALANCE DUE NEW YORK.
House bill (No. 110) "authorizing the pay-
ment of balance of the property accounts between
the United States and the State of New York, for
