1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
miluary stores in the war of 1812," was taken
up. _ _ i
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to the Governor of the
St.ue of New York the sum of $11,929 45, that
bt-ing the balance due said State arising out of
jsMies of milirary stores by said Slate to officers of
the United States Army, and to volunteers and ,
militia in the sprvice of the United Slates during
the war with Great Britain, declared in the year i
1812.. ;
iVlr. FAULKNER. I have had that bill very '
carefully examined at the War Department, and I
I can state that there is due to the State of New <
York, as appears by the records of that Depart- j
nient, the sum of <511,928 45. In order to a per- j
feet understanding of the case, I ask for the read- |
ing of a letter from Colonel Craige, which 1 send i
to the Clerk's desk. j
The letter was read, as follows: j
Ordnance Office, ?
Washington, February, *23, 1853. \
Pik : In answering the letter addres ed to you on th** 19th
iiM.uil by the Hon. Mr. Fish, of th<j Senate, in relation to
hh account between theUiuted State® and the State ofNew
Yoik, for aims and ammunition furnished durum the war ^
of 1810, and which letter you have referred to iht« office for
a icport thereon, it seems necessary to go briefly into the
liMmy of the account.
It appears fiotn the recoids of this office, that Major
of the Ordnance Department.having been directed,
2Ut July, 1817, to settle the accounts of tne States of New
Yoi k, Connecticut, and Vermont, tor arms due those Slates
uu'tci the law of 1808, reported that the State of New York
elm-god against the United States arms and stores delivered
by the State during the war of 1813 to mthtia in the seivice
o! the United Slates. That he wa> then directed to state
the account in two part«; fiist, of arms delivered to the
State under the act of 1808; second, of arms and stores dehv-
or received by either party, with the apparent balance,
and M-rnark-*.
In 1818 Major Daliba made a report under the second
heftd. On the 4th of September, 18*22, he was informed
that matenal errors had been discovered in his statement,
ni l lie was required lo make a reexamination Abstracts
of the articles embraced in the accounts were at the same
tune sent to him, among which was one embracing stores
capuned by the enemy; and he was directed to c <mmuni
fan* with the agent acting for the State of New York.
Nothing, however, appears to have been done under these
j >*tnietions by Major Daliba ; and all the papers were re
turned by him upon his resignation.
On the 25th ot May, 1825, Major Talcott was written to
fi mi this office, sending him the abstract that had been sent
_-to Major Dahba, informing him of all that had been done in
relation to the. settlement, and authorizing him to s ettjethe
account. No definitive settlement, however, appears to
have been made.
Among the papers in the case, there i<3 a rough draft of
the proceedings fit several meeting* on this subject m 1831,
b. tween Major Talcott and General Muir, commissary
genera! of the State of New York, which is authenticated
bv their signature*, agreeing to the allowance of various
item*, and su*pending other* for further evidence.
But it i* said that General Muir died before the matter
va.- clo-cd. I learn that in the -Mwnner of 18o0 General
J*>ainel Lee, commissary general of the State of NewYork,
came to this office with authority to act for the State in ef-
fr< tii)<  a settlement. That General Talcott. then head of
the office, put all the papers in the hands of Major Pender,
the chief clerk, to be examined between him and General
Lee. That they agreed upon a statement of the account,
n- d a statement of the balances on each Mde to be valued
in money, in order to oflVet one by the other, as far as it
would go, and with the understanding that the balance thus
found due the Stan * should be paid in mu-kets, at the
psiabhs-lied rates. But the statements thus agreed upon
were never examined by General Talcott, or submitted by
htm to the War Department, and still remain unacted
upon.
i am, sir, with great respect, your very obedient servant,
II. IC. CRAIG, Colonel of Ordnance.
Hon. C. M. Conrad, Secretary of War.
"$11,929 45, equivalent to 917 8 13 muskets.
Mr. FAULKNER, ft wilt be for the commit-
tee to determine whether the act shall be executed,
by ordering the guns to be surrendered to the State
of New York, or whether an equivalent shall be
surrendered in money. I will only state that we
have a large surplus of muskets—something like
seven hundred thousand.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to make a few re-
marks on the bill under consideration. Early in
the present session, I appeared before the Secretary
of War, in company with the inspector general
of the State of New York, for the purpose of
making some investigation, and inquiring in rela-
tion to this matter, and, if possible, draw the
amount from the Treasury that should appear due
and unpaid said State.
I then learned that in 1850 and 1851, the com-
missary general and adjutant general of the
State of New York had been delegated by the
Executive, under legislative authority, to appear
before the Secretary of War, and adjust this matter
between the State of New York and the Uni- i
ted States—for property balances due said State, !
arising out of the issue of military stores and I
munitions of war during the war of 181*2, to the i
Army of the United States and the miliua of the
State of New York, then in the service of the
United States.
The adjutant general, in his report to the-
Legislature of the State of New York, says,
after a thorough and protracted investigation, it
was admitted and agreed upon by the officers of
the Ordnance Department, on the part of the
United States, that there was due to the State of
New York a balance of $2l,86J 85; but that the
Secretary of War doubted his authority to settle
this balance without a special act of Congress.
This act was then the authority required on the
part of the Secretary of War to terminate this
long delayed payment. Failing to then make
application to Congress, Governor Seymour, in
December last, deputed the new inspector general
[W. L. G. Smith] to proceed to Washington,and
endeavor to bring it to a close.
I accompanied the inspector on that mission,
and on appearing before the colonel of the Ord-
nance Department, [Colonel Craig,] we found, to
our great surprise, that the sum had been adjust-
ed, or rather the balance struck, $11,892; and
the adjutant general, after some delay and much
hesitation, came to theconclusion, that as the mat-
ter had been examined on the part of Major Ben-
der, Colonel Lee, and the Secretary of War, and
satisfactory conclusions arrived at, so far as the
War Department was concerned—however sevei e,
and perhaps unjust to the State of New York—it
was better to let it remain so, and to ask Congress
to pass an act authorizing the Secretary of War
to pay the amount thus agreed upon.
It is unnecessary, perhaps, for me to inform
gentlemen of the committee that the mthtia laws
of the Stateof New York have recently undergone
thorough and complete revision, and that the mili-
tary force of the State is under entire reorganiza-
tion and reconstruction, not only in discipline, but
in equipments, arms, &c.; so that a payment of
this sum in muskets would be utterly useless to
our military force, and entirely lost to the State.
We have already a large quantity of antiquated
arms and munitions; and, inasmuch as this debt
was incurred forty-two years ago, and the State
has been, for the last twelve years, makmg inef-
fectual efforts to procure a settlement, the commit-
tee will see the propriety and justice of disposing
of this matter at once, by authorizing the Secretary
of War to pay this sum in money, it is not asked
to increase the amount—though far less than the
amount to which she is entitled in all probability—
but simply authorize the payment of a sum en-
tirely satisfactory to the War Department.
1 hope, therefore, no.gentleman will interpose
an objection; hearing none, I move the bill be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
PAMELA BROWN.
House bill (No. 176) " for the relief of Pamela
Brown, the widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
late of the United States Army, deceased."
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the interior shall place upon the roll
of pensioners the name of Pamela Brown, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month, &c.
Mr. KNOX. I desire to offer an amendment
to the bill. Perhaps it may not be improper to
say, so that the committee may understand it
more fully, that the amendment which I propose
is, in substance, a bill, which I am told passed the
Senate without opposition, and which gives to the
widow of the late Major General Brown a larger
pension than that reported by the committee, and
that which is contained in this bill. I beg the
attention of the committee to the facts which are
set forth in this leport, because, if the committee
will listen to if, the case will be fully argued.
Mr. BRIDGES. The gentleman who reported
the bill [Mr. Hendricks] is absent. I have had
some conversation withhimupon the subject, and I
believe I stand in the same relation to this bill as
the gentleman who offered the amendment. I
believe the pension ought to be increased, and I
shall be with him upon that question whenever it
comes up in committee. But out of courtesy to
the gentleman who reported the bill, I was going
to ask that the bill be passed over informally utitil
that gentleman's return. ' , *
[Cries of " No!" and " Let the amendm'en&be
read."] ' \ -
The amendment was reported, as follows: , . >
Strike out all that part of the bill which relates* to'tfte^
amount of pension, and insert m lieu theieof thu following:
And to pay her a pension at the rate of one half th« ftfty,
I per month to whieJh her said husband was entitled Hi ihtf
' time of his death : said pension to commence on timers
day of January, 1838, and continue during he* natural life.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TAYLOR^ of Ohio. I move that the bill
be laid aside to be reported to the House, with.a.
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. Hi ESTER. 1 move that the committee
do now rise.
The question was put; and the motion was
agreed to—ayes 62, noes 42.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, the Chairman reported that a
Committee of the Whole House had had the Pri-
vate Calendar generally under consideration, and
had directed him to report back bills of the folio w-
ing titles, with a recommendation that they do
pass:
H. R No. 63. A bill for the relief of Charles
Lee Jones;
H. R. No. 99. A bill for the relief of Captain
George Simpton, of Galveston;
H. R. No. 131. A bill for the relief of the heirs
of Joseph Gerard;
H. R. No. 173. A bill for the relief of Mrs.
Helen Mackay, widow of the late Colonel ./Eneas
Mackay, deputy quartermaster general United
States Army;
H. R. No. 174. A bill for the relief of D. C.
Cash and Giles U. Ellis;
H. R. No. 110. A bill authorizingthepayment
of the balance of the property accounts between
the United States and the State of New York, for
military stores in the war of 1812, without amend-
ment;
H. R. No. 107. A bill for the relief of Robert
Grignon;
H. R. No. 176. A bill for the relief of Pamela
Brown, the widow of Major General Jacob Brown,
late of the United States Army, deceased, with
amendment; and
A bill of the following title, with the recom-
mendation that it be rejected:
II. R. No. 108. A bill for the relief of George
G. Bishop and the legal representatives of John
Arnold, deceased.
NEW YORK STATE TEMPERANCE ALLTANCE.
Mr. SMITH, of INew York 1 ask the unani-
mous consent of the Hou^e to take from iheiable
the petition of the New York State Temperance
Alliance, praying Congress to give authority to
the authorities of the city of Washington to pro-
hibit the sale of intoxicating liquor, that it may
be referred
Mr. WALSH. I object.
COINAGE.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 ask the unanimouR con-
sent of the HQUse for leave to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. 380) "toauthorize
the coinage of gold pieces of the value respectively
often eagles and five eagles, and for other pur-
poses, " in order lhat it may be referred.
There being noobjection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time by its title; and, on
Mr. Latham's motion, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. BARK3DALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 would ask the gentleman
to withdraw his motion to adjourn, to enable me
to make a personal explanation. I assure the
gentleman that it will occupy but a short time, and
give rise to no difficulty or d ibate. It is an ex-
planation, however, which I deem it due to myself
and to the House to make.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. FAULKNER. When my friends asked
on yesterday to have the Army bill postponed
until I should return to the city, a remark fell
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Houston,] as reported in the
Globe of to day, that is somewhat calculated to
involve me in an official delinquency as chairman
