1738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
of the Committee on Military- Affairs. That gen-
tleman is reported to have said, in referring to the
Army bill:
" There is no other bill except this which I can take up
this morning, and I told the gentleman irotn Virginia [Mr.
Faulkner)*that at lh« first moment f could do so I should
insist on taking up this bill."
Now, I feel it due to myself to state that, before
i left this city on Tuesday morning, I took every
proper precaution to ascertain if there was any
possibility of this Army bill coming up during the
two days of my expected absence; and I had sev-
eral conversations with the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means on the subject, and
certainly no impression in all those conversations
was left on my mind that the Army bili would be
pressed within the time indicated for my absence,
3But, on the contrary, I left fully under the belief
that it would not be pressed for consideration on
Wednesday or Thursday. It is true that, on the
evening of my departure, the gentleman did make
a remark to me to that effect; but it was under
circumstances—and I will notdetail thesecircum-
stances unless required by him—that led me to sup-
pose that it was wholly a jocular remark, and
without any serious purpose of doing what he
said he meant to do. i will further state, because i
I wish it understood that I am duly impressed
with the responsibilities which devolve upon me
in connection with the duties of that committee,
that I should have been here yesterday morning,
although I had no idea the bill would have been
called up so soon, but for a detention of twelve
hours caused by an acccident to the cars on the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad.
distribution OF JEFFERSON^ works.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up fiom the Speaker's
table Senate resolution (No. 22) "providing: for
the distribution of the works of Thomas Jeffer-
son." They ate printed, and are depoPUod in the
library, and we are anxious to get clear of them.
There being no objection, the joint icsolution
was taken up and rend a first and second tune by
Us title. Jt was then lead in txiVhoo, and passed,
Mr. CHANDLER moved to leconoider the
vote by which the resolution wna passed, and to
lay the motion to reconsider on the rabin; which ,
latter motion wms agivtd to.
ACCOMMODATION OF THE UNITED STATES
COURTS.
Mr. STANTON, of Tenno.&ee. i ask leave
of the House to report n, lull which in of veiy
pressing impoitance. kptovides for the accom-
modation of the courts of the United States in
the district of Boston, New York, and Philadel-
phia. I will merely state to the House, whnt is
known to the gentlemen representing tho-^fi cities,
that the courts me u< tually turned out of doors.
In the city of BoMon it sr. impossible to hold these
courts. The court-house m (he cay of New
York——
Mr. "WASHBURNE,  f Mmwin. i wish to
Know if the gentleman from Tennessee is in oider ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee asks the unanimous consent of the House
to report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary Senate bill " fo provide for the accommoda-
tion of the courts of the United States m the dis-
trict of Massachusetts."
Mr. WASUBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. COBB. I shouid like to hear the bill read
through. The title of a bill does not always con-
vey what there is in n.
Mr. STANTON. It, is & Senate bill reported
back with amendments.
Mr. LETCHER. I would hKt* to km-^v it the
design is that this bili be now put opon  U pay-
sage }
Mr. STANTON. Thai u my object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object.
Mr. McMULLlN. I move that the House Jo
now adjourn.
Mr. iVIcNAIR. On that motion 1 demand tell-
ers.
Tellers were oi deied*, and lVlessia. macs and
Hiester were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 63, noes 22.
So the motion was agreed to.
The House thereupon (at forty minutes past
three o'clock) adjourned till to-morrow at eleven
o'clock a. m.
IN SENATE.
friday, July 14, 1854,
Prayer by Rev. Henry Smcer.
correction of the journal.
When the Secretary read the following portion
' of the Journal of yesterday:
; " Mr. Wbller presented the petition of John A. Sutter,
j a citizen of California, praying ttie confirmation of his title
; to certain lands held under Mexican grant-, and indemnity
: for losses sustained by him in consequence of tlie forcible
| occupation of the laud, and figure of hi* property
! Mr. WELLER said: The Secretary, I think,
, has fallen into error in stating; the concerns of that
' paper, which, in justice to General Sutter, ought
to be corrected, i understand, from the reading
, of the Journal, that it represents that he pray.; fo*
i the confirmation of his laid title in Cahkunia.
, Such is not the fact. He expressly states thut he
j has an abiding confidence in the judgment of the
| courts there, and has no doubt that the land com-
j missioners will ultimately give him what he sr.
: entitled to under the treaty. He asks indemnifi
j cation for the losses which he has sustained. I
, move, therefore, to amend the Journal by striking
S out that portion which represents him as praying
j for the confirmation of his land title.
j The motion wa3 agreed to; and the Journal, os
I amended, was approved.
j petitions, etc.
| Mr. FISH presented the petition of William
i G. Donahoe, praying to be allowed an invalid
| pension, he having been rendered totally blind by
■nun-stroke while on duty as a sentinel at Fun
; Leavenworth; which was referred to the Oonimit-
i tee on Pensions.
Mr, BENJAMIN presented the memoual of
A. C. Ramsey and E H. CarmHc, paying foi
! an appropriation for carrying the mmta oetvieen
1 New Orleans arid Sun Francisco; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
| Post Roads.
| Mr. ALLEN piesented a memorial of citizens
of Rhode Island, praying a repeal of tl e fugitive
inSavelsw; which was refem-d to the C<-inintuee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SEWARD presented the report of a Con-
vention appointed by the National lr.dust.lal Con-
greys, held at Trenton, New Jejs-y, censuring
; the Senate, in consequence of uh refusal to act on
j the homestead hill during the last session; which
s was ordered to lie on the tabic,
j reports from 3tanding committees,
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
j Relations, to whom wa3 refericd the petition of
| John P. Brown, principal interpreter of che Turk-
' n-di language to the United S'pte^ legation at
; Constantinople, praying compensation f<-r acting
' as chargS d'affaires, submitted a repoit, accom-
panied by a bill for his relief; which was remand
> parsed to a second reading The repoit was
i ordered to be punted.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Prin-
I mg, reported m favor of printing one hundred
1 additional copies of the ieport of the Secretmy of
j the Treasury on the revision of the revenue ! iws,
1 and accompanying documents- The icport wns
agreed to.
! gaston t- raoul.
Mr. SLIOELL. As this is regulai ly p;ivate
;; bill day, I ask the consent of the Sena;« to take
!l up a bill which I presume will meet with no cy-
■ position. It is a " bill for the relief of Gaston T.
, Raoul," which has been renoited from the Com-
mitter on Private Land Claims.
The motion was agreed to, and tht bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it proposes to authorize
1 G. T. Raoul to enter, free of cost, six hundred
;1 and forty acres of iand, according; to legal subdi-
visions, on any of the public lands of the United
' States subject to entry at private sale; which
amount of land, when so enteied, shah be in full
; compensation of claim 4.">G, of the report of James
0. Coaby, of June 7, j 853, for which a certificate
of confirmation, No. 168, was issued January
24, 1838, by the proper register and receiver in
f; the parish of Livingston, Louisiana.
,; The bill was reported to the Senate without
, amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CAIRO A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. SHIELDS. A bill was reported yester-
day from the Committee on Commerce, to consti-
tute Cairo, in the State of Illinois, u port of
delivery. There is a great deai of railroad iron
coming1 to that place, and it is kept back in con-
sequence of its not being a poit of delivery, I
wi«.h to call up the bill this morning, and have it
passed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair ) i understand that the bill has not
yet been returned from the printing office.
Mr, HAMLIN. I reported it yesteiday morn-
ing.
Mr. SHIELDS. The reason why I wish it
passed is, that there is a great de<tl of iron coming
to that place which ought to be landed very soon
Ir theiefore, a matter of great interest to have
ihe bill passed as speedily as possible
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the bill has nor yet
been returned from the printer, and cannot be
considered.
A. G. PENN.
On the motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Sen-
P ate, as in Committee of the Whole, pioceeded to
J consider the bill reported from the Committee on
[j Private Land Claims, for the relief of A. 0% Penn.
!! It proposes to authorize A. G. Perm, of the parish
!; of S'. Tammany, Louisiana, to enter, by way of
i;'preemption, the southwest quarter or section
'■ twenty-three, of township six south, range ten
; easts I[1 the Greenburg hind district, Louisiana,
;■ upon his paying therefor to ihe proper officer one
; dollar and twenty-five cents an acie, but the act
i in not to be construed' as to interfere with any
■ adverse churn.
Vhe bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a thud time, and passed.
DISTRIBUTION OF JEFFERSON'S WORKS.
Mr PEARCE asked, and by unanimous con*
, Sent ob;«iued, leave to introduce a joint i esolution,
providii'g for the distribution ot the works of
! jfhomaa Jeifercson; which was read a first, time by
, its title, and ordeied to a second reading.
Mr. PEARCE, An this resolution has been
'| matured by the Comrmtue on the Library, it will
be utm&cessary to make the usual reference lo
I j that committee. I ask, therefore, that the Senate
;i will proceed, and act upon it at once.
:! There being no objection, the joint resolution
■ | was lead a second time, and consideied as in Com-
H mi'te« of the Whole.
b piopoaes to d'rect theSecretary of the Senate
and Cieilc of the House of Refjresentativea, m the
distribution o? the woika of Thomas Jefferson,
now hemg published bytheauthority of Congress,
to distribute them m the f{ !lnwlng nianx er;^
Tothe Presidentof the United States, one copy j
j To t fie libraries of the different Departments, and
,| of thp Postmaster General,and Auorney feenerai,
■ ; one copy each;
j To each member of the present Senate and
!! House of Repiesentativps, one copy;
;! To the ofHci? of the Secretary of the Senate.
.1 five copies:
II Tothe library of the Houae or' R^preaentiifiw,
ten copies;
To ihe library of Congress, six copies^
ji To ihe lib.-rtntu of the States a:.d Territories of
ij the Union, each one copy;
■ ; To the Smithsonian institution, the Military
| Academy, and the Naval School at Annapolis, one
> copy each;
m To the Joint Committee on the Library,for the
i| purpose of international exchange,twelve copies;
|i arVd(
;} _ Co such colleges, literary, and scientific institu-
|! tions or associations as shall be designated by the
'j present Committee on the Library, three hundred
;j copies.
i: The joint resolution waa reported to the Senate
. without amendment, ordered to be eng'rossed for
.j a third readme read a thud time, and passed,
:l enrolled bills signed.
A message was received from the Houae of
|j Representative-), by Mr. mckean, Chief Clerk,
i; announc<ng that the Speaker had signed the fol-
|l lowing enrolled bills:
•X An act to change the name of the American-
