170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 13,
Mr. CUTTING. I desire to explain to the
House the legislation that is necessary for the pro-
tection of this very interesting portion of what is
supposed to be our population; and in order to do
so, it will be necessary for me to advert to the state
of the law upon this subject as it exists, inde-
pendently of any legislation.
By the common-law, the better opinion always
was, although there were some few dicta to the
contrary, that the children of subjects born out of
the allegiance of the crown, and under the alle-
giance of another dominion, were aliens to the
former, and were subjects of the latter, or not, ac-
cording to the municipal regulations of the country
in which the births might have happened to take
pla^e.
At a very early period, as early as the year
1350—the 25th of Edward HI.—England, with
that foresight which'has always characterized her,
for the purpose of extending the trade and com-
merce of the country as much as possible, and
therefore to take away any embarrassment or
difficulty to her subjects in planting themselves
over the world, passed an act by which, reciting
that there were some doubts upon this subject, it
was declared that the children of British subjects
born out of allegiance, where their mothers had
gone by and with the consent of their husbands,
should be deemed natural-born subjects of Eng-
land. That provision continued in full force, with
some alterations, until the reign of George II.,
when an act was passed which was similar—al-
most identical, indeed, in phraseology—to the
first section of the bill that I have been instructed
to report. If provided that m ail cases of children
born of British parents out of the allegiance of
England, they, and all thereafter to be born, should
be taken to be subjects of England.
In the reign of George III., in the year 1773,
that act was extended so as to give the same priv-
ileges to the children born of the second genera-
tion; that is to say, the children of fathers whose
fathers were English subjects were naturalized,
and made equivalent to natural-born subjects.
In the reign of Victoria, in the year 1844, the
English Parliament provided that the children of
English mothers, though married to foreigners,
should have the rights and privileges of English
subjects, though born out of allegiance. I have
not, in this bill, gone to that extent, as the House
will have observed from the reading of it.
The same condition of statute regu lation prevails
in France, and, so far as my information extends,
in every civilized country—protecting the children
of their subjects who happen to be born abroad.
In the year 1790 Congress legislated upon this
subject, and in the act providing for the natural-
ization of aliens, there was a section introduced
, protecting and securing the rights of American
children born abroad; and the provisions of that
section were entirely sufficient to have met every
exigency that existed, because it applied not only
to the children of parents then living, but to the
children of all parents thereafter to exist who
might be born abioad.
This act of 1790 continued in force as respects
this branch of it until the 14th of April, 1803,
when the whole series of the naturalization laws
were by one blow repealed,and a substitute passed
by Congress; and in legislating upon what seemed
to be the minor consideration in reenacting that
small portion of the original act of 1790, which
was designed to provide for the security of the
children of our own citizens, it was embodied in a
form of expression so iooseand so ambiguous that
it was exceedingly difficult ever to gather its true
sense and meaning.
But a more fata! difficulty existed. By the
phraseology of the act of 3.902, it seems that only ■
those parents are embraced withm its provisions ;
who existed on the 14th of April, 1802, when this |
act was passed; so that while that statute • ivesto j
the children of all persons born abroad on the 14th i
of April, 1802, or anterior to that time, the rights j
of American citizens, it so happens that every j
citizen born a minute after the expiration of the
14th of April, 3802, and who, with their families, \
have traveled abroad, either upon visits of pleasure 1
or for the purpose of trade or business, or for the .
higher purpose of spieading the Gospel and shed- 1
dmg the lights of Christianity upon darkened '
countries—the children of all or* these persons, no
matter what their objects and motives may have1
been in traveling abroad, born to them abroad, are 1
aliens to this country; so that the children of a man
who happened to be in the world on the 14th of
April, 18U2, born abroad, are American citizens,
while the children of persons born on the 15th of
April, 1802, are aliens to the country.
Well, now, this injustice, this inequality was not
manifest for a long period of time, because it only
created or left this disability to the children of
those persons who were to be born after 1802, and,
of course, you had to go forward a quarter of a
century before you found the parents, and then
you had to advance nearly another quarter of a
century before the children of these parents were
placed m a position to ascertain what their political
and civil rights were.
Some ten or twelve years ago, the embarrass-
ment arising out of this defective legislation was
ascertained and perceived. Of course it created
great anxiety in the minds of those of our citizens
who had been and are still abroad; because though
away from the soil, they carry with them that
love, that affection for their fatherland, that those
who remain in it constantly have, and perhaps in
a greater degree. Those persons who are out of
our limits look back to the country of their child-
hood and their early homes, with a degree of en-
ergetic affection that perhaps does not exist, or is
not aroused within us while we are here, scarcely
feeling the glory and the advantages that we de-
rive from the fact of bearing the proud name of
American citizen.
Now it seems to me that this is a case of de-
fective legislation, which ought to be immediately
acted upon. We find, by looking at what has
been done, that in 1841 a bill, substantially the
same in legislation as the one I have the honor to
propose, was introduced into the Senate, and imme-
diately ordered to a third reading, but then seemed
to have been forgotten, and remained in that con-
dition. So, too, I observe that the Committee on
the Judiciary in this House have, at another ses-
sion, reported a bill, but, unfortunately, that bill
thus leported for the purpose of correcting this
great evil, took its direction to that committee which
is the receptacle—it seems to me—of all things
which are to be lost—I mean to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union. And, un-
doubtedly, the chances are that if this direction be
given to this proposed correction of that great evil,
it will not again be reached.
Now, it appears to me that there is no matter
of legislation which can appeal more strongly to
the sensibilities of this House. It seems to me
that there is no more interesting portion of our
people than those who leave this country for the
purpose of extending the trade and commerce of
the country, or for the purpose of carrying the
great principles of our institutions, and of the insti-
tutions of Christianity, ir,to foreign lands—that
there can be no subject brought to the attention of
this House which will more earrrestly address
itself to their bosoms and to their right feelings;
and, in this expectation, believing that the House,
and each member of the House, will feel that this
is a subject interesting to himself individually, and
that each member of this House will desire to ad-
vance and carry it through, I throw myself on
each one of them to assist m at once correctiri°"
this evil, the existence of which all admit.
One word more, Mr. Speaker, as explanatory
of the second section of the proposed bill, and I
have done.
The second section of this act provides that |
where an American citizen marries a woman—a
foreigner—that by the act of marriage itself the I
political character of the wife shall at once con- i
form to the political character of the husband. !
That section was taken in so many words, or m
nearly so many words, from the recent act of 1844,
Victoria. And it is a remarkable fact that where
England has been a power antagonistic as it were
to that great principle of legislation which has
prevailed with us—namely, that honorable liber-
ality by which we naturalize foreigners—although,
I say, the legislation of Great Britain up to 1844
has been the reverse of this, yet, to the honor of
that country be it said, they have been always
foremost m promoting the interests and m pro-
tecting the rights of its own subjects. And they
have said, that where a wife—a foreigner—is mar-
ried to a subject of England, it is better that she
should understand that she is an English subject,
so that she may at once inculcate in the minds
of her children those principles of that coun-
try to whose political fortunes she has become
united. And the House will perceive, sir, that
there can be no objection to it, because women
possess no political rights; and where you con-
fer on her the political character of her hus-
band, it is a relief to the husband, it aids hrm in
the instilling of proper principles in his children,
and cannot interfere with any possible right of a
political character. And therefore, sir, it is that
the section, in my opinion, ought to be immedi-
ately passed. For there is no good reason why
we should put a woman into the probationary
term required by the naturalization laws, nor to
the inconvenience of attending at the necessary
courts, or places for the purpose of declaring her
intentions and renouncing her allegiance; nor,
again, put the husband to the expense of the pro-
ceeding; nor, yet again, to the embarrassments
connected with the transfer of real property. I
ask the House, therefore 
Mr. FULLER. Will thegentleman from New
York permit me to make an observation?
Mr. CUTTING. Certainly.
Mr. FULLER. The gentleman from New
York has brought forward a bill in which the peo-
ple of my district—which is bounded by the Prov-
ince of New Brunswick for two hundred miles—
are deeply interested. And I hope that the bill
will be considered.
Mr. CUTTING. And let me say to my friend
from Maine [Mr. Fuller] in addition—and I will
add it to his remarks—that this subject has recently
attracted the notice of a great many very worthy
and respectable people, who feel that this great
evil ought to he relieved by the speedy and prompt
action of the Government. In the State of New
York it has been an object in our legislation to
pass special acts for the relief of persons, m refer-
ence to property, coming by descentfrom children
who should be escheated in consequence of their
birth abroad.
We cannot, of course, in the State of New
Yoik, regulate their political rights—that must be
done by Congress; but to the small extent to
which we can go, you will find upon the statute-
book from year to year, for five or six years past,
special acts of legislation designed to provide
against escheat of property, by reason of the alien-
age of the children born abroad of American citi-
zens.
I have had sent to me a pamphlet written by
one of the most eminent lawyers in the United
States, whose fame is known from the northern
extreme to the southern boundaries of our coun-
try—I refer to Horace Binney; and gentlemen
who are acquainted with his standing and position
before this country, will perceive that I have not
overrated him. He has recently published an
elaborate pamphlet, intending thereby to draw the
attention to the subject to which I have now in-
vited the attention of this House.
I beg leave to close the remarks which I have
made—and which have been much more extended
than I intended—by simply appealing to the indi-
vidual feelings of patriotism, and sense of right
of every member of this House, to put this bill
upon its passage, so that there may be no delay.
It is a reproach to us that it has not been acted
1 upon before.
Mr. McNAlRj (interrupting.) I wish to inquire
i of thegentleman from New York, if this section
of the law now upon the statute-book does not
meet his case ? It is this:
" That the children of person1? duly naturalized under any
of the laws of the United States, or who, preuous to life
pas^incof any law on that subject by the Government of
the United States, may have become citizen:- of an\ one of
said States under the laws thereof, being under the a<£e of
twenty one years at the time of their paient* being so natu-
ralized, or admitted lo lli« rights of citizens-hip, shall, if
dwelling in the United State*, be considered as citizen* of
the United States; and the children ot persons who now
are, or have been, citizens of the United States, shall, though
born out of the limits! or jun^'lietmn of the United Stale?*,
be consideied citizens of the United States."
Mr. CUTTING Does not thegentleman see that
the very vice which I have referred to is contained
j in the language which he has read ? The phrase-
! ology is, 44 that the children of persons who now
' are," that is on the 14th day of April, 1802, " or
' who have been citizens of the United States, shall,
j though born outof,"&c. Does not the gentle-
' man see therein the very lamentable fact of which
! I have spoken? The diiftcuhy is, that the act is
j not prospective in its terms.
! Mr. HAVEN. An there seems to be no neces-
