880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10.
commercial people, seeking markets throughout
the world, and attaining supremacy in this respect,
from the abundance and value of our commod-
ities, and the cheapness with which we are willing
to supply them, by our shorter and more direct
means of communication.
During the wars of Napoleon, England exerted
all the powers of her empire to strike the most
formidable blows against that system of the French
Emperor which shut her out from the markets of
the continent. We have no such enemy in the field
to intercept our pathway to commercial greatness
and power. We want the Pacific railway as a
great inland communication, essential to our pros-
perity. individual enterprise, fostered by State
legislation, has already constructed more than
15,000 miles of railroad all over the Atlantic coast
and Mississippi valley, at a cost of more than
$500,000,01)0. These run in almost every imagin-
able direction, radiating from every considerable
point m the Union, and bending in such diversi-
fied directions as to make them susceptible of a
junction with the great continental track contem-
plated in this bill, at whatever point it may be
commenced. The importance and value of our
home trade is estimated at over £500,000,000 an-
nually, and its prospective increase is beyond esti-
mate. The population of the Union is now twenty-
five millions. It will be fifty millions in a quar-
ter of a century, by the natural law of increase,
and the steady flow of immigration. Within the
limits of this immense region of public domain,
]ymg between the Mississippi and the Pacific, if
this bill becomes a Jaw, the greater portion of this
increase of population, m the twenty-five years
that are to come, will, in all probability, establish
then homes. It will form a great base line of con-
nection which, in time, will be intersected in every
direction by individual enterprise and capital, re-
sembling the railway web that now stretches far
and wide over the Atlantic States. Citizens in
remote parts of the Republic will no longer be
aliens by re^on of distance and natural obstacles
separating and dividing them, and which we now
seek to overcome.
The laws of contact and association, like those
which give to man, as an individual, the full play
■of his sympathies, his attachments, and moral
powers, will bind society together in all its parts.
They will widen in their effects from the family
cucle to Cities, Counties, arid States, and will be
coextensive with the boundanes which embrace
the American family.
They will unite and bind the whole together as
one great moral being, whose purposes and ener-
gies will be directed m the noble cause of progress
and civilization,
The object of Columbus in his exploration over
the then Western Ocean, was to seek a direct
route to lining On his last voyage he arrived at
the Isthmus. I lis successors went beyond it,
reaching the Pacific Ocean ; and Cortez, ever
alive to the importance of carrying out the expan-
sive commercial policy of his nation, by seeking
a more direct route to Asia, sought and obtained
from Montezuma, and dispatched to his sovereign,
Charles V., a chart of that pait of the Mex-
ican coast, embracing the river Coatzacoalcos, the
natural and political boundary between the pres-
ent departments of Vera Cruz and Tabasco, and
watering that region now known as the Isthmus
of Tehuantepec. The sagacity of that great but
bloodthirsty conqueror saw the necessity of an
interoceanic communication, and that the inter-
ests of European trade, overcoming all obstacles,
would m time open a passage from ocean to ocean.
And now, after the lapse of three hundred and
thirty-four years since Ijp declared this measure
as essential to trade, we find a railroad nearly
completed across the Isthmus of Panama, whiUt
the three great maritime Powers, the United
States, England, and France, are engaged in an
exploration in that region, as preliminary to a
consummation of the project of a ship canal, which
had been entertained at a period almost coeval
with the discovery of our continent.
The trade of India, centuries before the Chris-
tian eia, had attracted the attention of the nations
of the earth, and in every a^e from the opening of
traffic between the East and the West, itimparted
its enriching- and civilizing influence to those na-
tions which enjoyed it.
Tne ancients who dwelt on the eastern shores
pf the Mediterranean, on the northern coast of
Africa, and on the Red sea, at the dawn of social
organization, showed their appreciation of the pur-
pose for which nature had provided her rivers and
arms of the sea and the ocean.
The earliest commercial intercourse commenced
in the Mediterranean and m the Arabian Gulf,
which laid open the continents of Europe, Asia,
and Africa. The Phasnecians and Egyptians found
means to navigate those waters, and soon a com-
mercial8pirit extended from the West, reached the
Indies, that land bearing its name from the supposed
indefiniteness of its extent, and in every age rich in
spices, tiopical commodities, in pearls, diamonds,
and silks, and all that can add to the luxury and
refinement of the human family. The Phccne-
cians, inhabiting a small strip on the eastern shores
of the Mediterranean, embracing the sites of Tyre
and Sidon, have left a record in the sacred Book,
of what commerce did for them, in which they are
mentioned as the " merchants of Tyre, princes,
and her traffickers, the honorable of the earth."
Their trade extended from the Mediterranean to
harbors at the extremity of the Red Sea or Arabian
Gulf, where it debouches into the Arabian Sea,
and from thence they worked their way until they
reached the shores of India. Prom their harbors,
near the present straits of Babelmandel, they also
traded with the coast of Africa. Their commodi-
ties from the East were brought up the Arabian
Gulf, and thence by overland carriage, transported
to the nearest port on the Mediterranean, from
which, by water, they were taken to Tyre, and
distributed over the ancient world. It is the pro-
vince of the historian, and not the political econ-
omist, to trace the expeditions of Darius and
Alexander, who reached the Indus, and sent back
such glowing accounts of the riches and fertility of
the East. Yet it will not escape the notice of the
most casual inquirer what importance the great
Macedonian conqueror attached to the trade of the
East, from the efforts he made to monopolize and
wrest it from theTyreans. A fter conquering Egypt
he established at one of the mouths of the Nile, as
a preferable site to that of the merchants of Tyre,
the city of Alexandria, which became the entre-
pot of commerce with India, for eighteen hundred
yeai s.
Reexamined the course of the Euphrates and
Tigris, directed the cataracts that obstructed them
to be removed, in order that the commodities of
the East might he carried through the Persian
Gulf, and up those nveis, for distiibution in-the
interior of ins Asiatic dominions, whilst a portion
of the Eastern Uade would pass through the Aia-
bian Gulf, as the other channel by which it would
reach Alexamhia, and thence find its way to the
remainder of the known world. j
In the rise and fall of kingdoms, and until the .
decline and fall of the Roman Empire, the eastern |
trade had been regarded as an unfailing source of j
wealth and powei. The extension of Mohamme- ■
danism over western Asia brokeoff all direct rom- j
merciai intercourse between Europe and India, !
and the commerce of the East then reached the ,
shores of the Mediterranean only by means of
caravans.
At the close of the fifteenth century Europe be-
gan to arouse from the commercial lethargy of the
middle ages; and, quickened into life by the inter-
change of social elements in the wars of the cm- .
saders, a gradual and progressive change came
over the Governments of that continent, and the
spirit of inquiry and exploration was renewed.
Yet the smallest kingdom in Europe led the way
in that maritime career which changed the rela-
tions of nations and began a new era in civilization.
At the dawn of the fifteenth century, the Portu-
guese timidly adventuiiiig along the northwestern
shores of Africa, were driven out by a tempest to
a small island adjacent to Madeira, and thence ,
continuing their explorations by bolder enter-1
prises, they discovered that the African continent |
contracted towards ihe east. The reigning mon- !
arch of Portugal, six years before Columbus left
Spain, dispatched Diaz on a further exploration,
with the object steadily in view of discovering a
route to India. The Portuguese navigator reached ■
the high promontory which forms the southern
boundary of Africa, and there terminated his
vovage.
The success of the discoveries in the West by ;
theSpamards had electrified Europe; and Emanuel, ;
who had .succeeded to the crown of Portugal,
eagerly pursued the great purpose of effecting a j
passage by the Cape of Good Hope to the Indies,
which was finally realized by the expedition of
Vasco de Gama. Pie doubled the cape, reached
the city of Mehnda, on theea&tern coast of Africa,
near the equator, m whose harbor he found ves-
sels trading from India, and thence pursuing his
course arrived at the Malabar coast, on the Indian
peninsula, where the barbarism of Africa disap-
peared, and the active elements of commerce were
in operation.
At this period the commercial prosperity of Por-
tugal was founded, and for a century it was at
the summit of its grandeur. From Malacca,
which they had seized midway between the west-
ern and eastern confines of Asia, they opened
trade on the west with the merchants of Malabar,
Ceylon, Coromandel, and Bengal, and on the east
with China, Japan, the Indian Archipelego, and
other portions of the Asiatic continent.
The Italian States of Genoa and Venice had
risen in the middle ages to commercial wealth and
power. Their maritime importance had been in-
creased by the transit of troops and supplies in
the wars of the crusaders and the interchanges
that took place. Their trade extending to the
shores of the Black Sea and the Peisian Gulf
brought back to Western Europe the products of
the East.
The Venetians, seeing at once the ruin of their
commercial prosperity by the new route, sought
an alliance with the Soldan of the Mamelukes,
who threatened the King of Portugal and the sov-
ereign Pontiff with the death of all Christians in
his dominions unless the new route was aband-
oned. He fitted out a squadron in the Red Sea,
and, with the cooperation of the Venetians, at-
tempted to intercept and destroy the Portuguese,
This union of the discordant elements of Christi-
anity and Mohammedanism to avert the fatal con-
sequences to their prospeiity in trade, resulted in
ruin to them. The scepter had departed. The
Soldan \s fleet perished in the convict, and the
Portuguese remained masters of the India seas.
The facilities of the new route enabled them to
undersell all competitors, dislodge and put down
all competition, and the full tide of commerce,
flowing to the cheapest market, carried with it all
the elements of prosperity.
The Dutch, as an energetic, trading people,
sought India products in the great commercial
market of Lisbon; but the harbor of the Por-
tuguese capital was closed against them. They
then unsuccessfully sought a new route by the
northern seas to avoid collision; but finally, to-
wards the close of the sixteenth century, they
entered the India seas and laid the foundation of
their commercial power m the east by settlement
at Java, and on the islands of Nangasacki, which
they hold to this (lav, having driven the Portu-
guese from the Moluccas, Japan, Malacca, and
Ceylon. France and England also became com-
petitors for this trade; the latter, arousing from
the domestic discord and lassitude m winch the
contest between the houses of York arid Lancas-
ter had left her, began a commercial career at the
commencement of the seventeenth century, when
Ciueen Elizabeth conferred, for a limited period,
upon an association of merchants in London the
exclusive right of the commerce of India. With the
usual energy of that extraordinary nation, now our
great commercial rival, we see her, upon hei en-
trance into this new field oftradearn! wealth, found-
ing settlements upon the coasts of Malabar and Co-
romandel, foi ming establishments at the mouth of
the Persian Gulf, and obtaining the control of the
commerce in ^old stuffs, carpets, and silks. Great
Rrttain pursued her conquests down to modern
times, when political tempests shook to its foun-
dation the colonial system of Europe, and soon
biought within her capacious sweep nearly the
whole of the commensal establishments of the
East. There she stands now, in all the plenitude
of her power, ruling, directly or indirectly, m the
Enst, one hundred and twenty-seven millions of
people. The wealth which she has poured m
upon the British Nes from the East is beyond
estimate. It has made the seat of her power a
city of palaces, and ad-uned its inhabitants with a
profusion of wealth and luxury to which there is
no parallel in the hi&torv of the world. It has
coveied the ocean with her fleets—consolidated the
national power, so that, whilst she defied the conti-
nentof Europe inarms,it hasgiven thatstiength by
which she has hitherto been able to keep unbroken
