THE CONGEESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
33d Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12, 1854.
New Series.....No. 56.
the chain that binds her numerous colonies, dotted
around the great circle of theearth,and on which
the sun never sets. It has given her means by
which representatives of her strength are placed
upon every sea to assert her power, and defend her
interests. Not only so, but she has done all that
a nation could do to bring herself in the most direct
communication with the great bulk of her Asiatic
possessions. As shown by me in discussing this
Bubject during the last session of Congress,—
and its importance justifies a repetition,—she has
established no less than three overland routes to
India, one from Southampton down the English
channel across the Bay of Biscay, along the coast
of Portugal and Spain to Gribralter, thence through
the Mediterranean, along the northern coast of
Africa to Algiers, Malta, and Alexandria, Cairo,
and across the Isthmus of Suez, from which, de-
scending the Red Sea and through its straits at the
southern extremity, the route lies across the In-
dian ocean to Point de Galle in Ceylon, and from
thence branching across the Bay of Bengal down
the straits of Malacca to Singapore, and up the
China sea to Hong Kong. Prom the same point
in Ceylon there are steam communications on tile
western side of Hindostan, and alor.g the Mala-
bar coast to Bombay, whilst on the eastern side
there is a like communication to Madras and Cal-
cutta.
There is then another route connecting with this,
from London, by the way of Folkstone, Boulogne,
Paris, Marseilles, and Malta, to Alexandria.
Then they have a German overland route con-
necting with the first by way of the Elbe, Leip-
sic, Dresden, Vienna, Trieste, and down the
Adriatic, by the Ionian Islands, to Alexandria.
There is another and still shorter route, which has
engaged attention, and is proposed, being the
same by which the troops of Alexander the Great
returned from the Indies, by the Persian Gulf and
river Euphrates to Bassorah, at the head of the
Persian Gulf, upon which the passage from Bom-
bay to the Mediterranean can be made in twelve
days. She also proposes to connect the British
East India possessions by steam navigation from
Ceylon or Singapore to the Australian settlements.
But, as if not content with all these facilities,
another stupendous scheme for a more direct and
speedy communication with the East by railway
has been contemplated, by which London and
Calcutta, the capitals of the western and eastern
worlds, will be brought within a week's journey
of each other. The proposed route is from Calais
to Ostend, thence to Cologne, through Augsburg,-
Lombardy to Trieste on the Adriatic, thence along
the valleys of European Turkey to Bassorah on
the Persian Gulf, passingalong the northern shores
of that gulf through Persia and Beloochistan to
the Indus, and thence to Calcutta, on the eastern
coast of Hindostan. This route from London to
the capital of the Bengal Presidency would be
about five thousand six hundred miles in length,
and, it is supposed, can be constructed in fourteen
years.
Look at the measure before the Senate in con-
trast with what England has done to further her
commercial interests, and will any one say that our
Government is not as capable of extending equal
benefits to our people as Great Britain is to hers?
The beauty and perfection of our institutions con-
sist in their eminent capacity for good and its
general diffusion; and, under enlightened popular
control, this Government cannot long be misdi-
rected, nor remain quiescent or inactive when the
public interest demands its interposition.
No Senator can say that the measure is not one
of the highest concern to our present interests and
our future prosperity, if indeed it is not indispen-
sable to prevent territorial dismemberment.
Have the people of the United States no claims
upon their Government? Shall we sit here list-
lessly with arms folded, virtually denying them?
Or shall sectional jealousy, that destructive can-
ker of national happiness, be suffered to paralyze
and destroy our energies and usefulness, or wire-
drawn political theories of power, defeat this im-
portant object!
56
There ia a point of time ia the dealings of
men with each other, when " forbearance ceases
to be a virtue." So with the public mind aroused
on a question of momentous importance, when
every public man is held to a just responsibility.
Recognizing that responsibility, how will we stand
justified betore our constituents, if, by failure now
in the discharge of duty, we permit a continuance
of the trade of the world through foreign chan-
nels, when it is in our power to bring it under the
control of our own people, whose indbstry and
enterprise have set afloat upon our waters and
and upon the ocean more than eighteen thousand
vessels, with nearly half a million of tonnage.
We ask in the name of our trade, domestic and
foreign, that a direct means of communication
be given through our own territory. The geo-
graphical center of the Republic is almost unoc-
cupied and uncultivated for want of the road
we now seek. Intersect it as speedily as you
please by an indefinite number of highways
when the public inteiest and business of the
country require them, but give us note one rail-
road as a practical measure to begin with, and
the settlement of the country will speedily be ac-
complished, the foundation laid for the building
of many roads connecting this with all parts of
the Union. For all postal, military and commer-
cial purposes, the intervening territory between
the Mississippi and Pacific now presents an im-
passible barrier, forcing all our intercourse through
foreign territory, and placing California at a dis-
tance of seven thousand miles,from New York—
the time occupied in making the transit being
more than double that required for European
communication; whilst Egypt and Turkey may
be reached sooner than our Pacific possessions.
There, too, we can go by an uninterrupted voy-
age under our own national flag. But in going
to, or returning from the Pacific, we are indebted
to the courtesy of foreign Powers for the privilege
of a passage, unless we undertake the voyage by
Cape Horn, which we might be fortunate enough
to accomplish in between two and three months,
by steam, or from four to six months in the ordi-
nary sail navigation.
That such a state of things can long continue,
either in peace or war, is impossible.
California now points you the way to the
commerce of Asia, and to secure it she asks a
continental railroad, not only for her own use, but
for the benefit of all, yet appealing to you m vir-
tue of the high claims she has upon you. Already
she has more than doubled your metallic capital,
in pouring her golden treasures into the lap of the
Union. Hold back for a single quarter of a year
her returns to the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico,
and another commercial panic will involve you in
speedy bankruptcy. Your stocks will fall, prop-
erty will decline in value, banks perish; industry,
agriculture, navgation, and manufactures will be
prostrated. Go where you will, and your money,
coined from her gold, will be found in every
dwelling, the lowly cabin as well as the lordly
mansion, in all the States and Territories. Every-
where it has stimulated your industry, and.given
to labor increased employment and more ample
reward. What has it done for the commerce of
the country and your National Treasury ? It has
doubled your exports, and nearly tripled your re-
ceipts.
Look at results. Twenty-three millions of rev-
enue from duties in 1846—nearly seventy millions
from the same source in 1854. Who doubts that,
with the enlarged commerce growing out of a more
liberal policy, this incredible increase of revenue
is mainly attributable to the yearly supply of |
California gold? No merchant, manufacturer, i
banker, or statesman of any party, will contro- j
vert this. Your receipts from customs and the '
sale of your public lands are increased from this
swell in the volume of currency. Forty mil-
lions in the aggregate increase of your annual rev-
enue from lands and customs are the consequence.
Yet you hesitate about a reasonable appropriation
 the effect of which will be to multiply a hun-
dred fold your revenues'and sources of wealth.
Is this wise, just, or expedient? California fur-,
nishes the element of national prosperity in peace,
and the sinews of war. Yet for the want of this
road you keep her in distant and dangerous iso-
lation.
The people from the Atlantic to thePacific,from
the Lakes and the St. Lawrence to the Gulf of
Mexico, demand this measure. They look to
Congress during this session to lay the foundation
or its commencement. If we accomplish the ob-
ject, it will be in vain for Great Britain, in her
efforts to maintain commercial supremacy, to carry
out her scheme of a great continental railway from
Halifax through British territory to the Pacific,
now so warmly advocated by many of her states-
men and engineers, or to undertake her Asiatic
railway from the Mediterranean, by the Persian
Gulf and India, to the ports of China.
But if local jealousies or sectional prejudices
should defeat our present action, she will arise with
renewed vigor to the prosecution of these great
workf, and new avenues of trade will secure to
her the undisputed command of the commerce
of the world. It is a question between London
and New York, between Calcutta and San Fran-
cisco, between England and America, by land and
sea for the supremacy; and we surrender it, with-
out an effort, to our great rival, if we now fail in
the performance of duty.
Do not defeat this bill by any illiberal, parsimo-
nious policy, which would pro\ide means inade-
quate to the undertaking, and subject it to sneers,
as theoretical, inefficient, and leave it a dead letter
on the statute-book; nor embarrass it by throwing
the apple of discord among us m regard to different
routes; nor weigh* it down by overloading it in the
form of several projected routes at a time, as if one
was not stupendous enough to engage all our ener-
gies, until population, the increase of tradeand com-
merce in this new channel, had so far advanced as
to show their necessity. No intelligent business
man ever intentionally met a demand by a re-
dundant supply; but, on the contrary, the latter is
always regulated by the former. This is a too
well established doctrine of political economy to
be denied. The foundation and growth of cities
and of nations, ancient and modern, rest upon it.
On this same principle, within the present half
century, steam navigation and the railway began
with us—the one with a single vessel, the other
with a single route. Now more than three thou-
sand steam vessels float upon American waters
alone; and our lines of railway are equal in length
to two thirds the circumference of theglobe. We
run no risk from the very outset of monopoly or
imposition in the construction of a single route, for
already we have our splendid clipperships making
quick passages around Cape Horn, and our steam
routes by the Isthmus to the Pacific, which will be
uninterrupted m time of peace, and afford an active
and healthy competition, making it an object with
all concerned to cheapen the tolls of their several
routes.
In seeking the Asiatic, and especially the Chi-
nese trade, which has been coveted by every civil-
ized nation that has preceded us as a source of
affluence, we resort, not like our great commercial
rival, to the strong arm of power, to coerce a trade
in poison to the amount of twenty-five millions of
dollars annually, but to deal with them by an inter-
change of commodities for thebenefit of all. Since
the war between Great Biitainand China, in 1842,
which resulted in opening the five poets to foreign
trade, our commerce has rapidly increased, until
now it reaches annually from sixteen to seventeen
millions of dollars, employing two hundred vessels.
Who can estimate its inci ease and effects upon our
ship-yards, and the business of our commercial
cities and depots throughout the country, if this
bill should become a law ?
Our recent acquisitions on the Pacific have revo*
lutionized our commercial relations with the world
—what to ancient, and even to modern Europe,
was " India beyond the Ganges" is " India within
the Ganges" to us. In creating this new route,
move important to us than the Portuguese discov?
ery of the route around the Cape of Good Hope
