1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
built brig Hallowell to that of James Rose, and
to grant her a new register;
An act to amend an act approved September
37, 1850, to create the office of surveyor general
of the public lands in Oregon, &c., and also the
act amendatory thereof, approved February 19,
1853;
An act making further appropriations for con-
tinuing the construction of roads in the Territory
of Minnesota, in accordance with the estimates
made by the War Department; and
An act to authorize the President of the United
States to cause to be surveyed a tract of land in
the Territory of Minnesota, belonging to the half j
breeds or mixed bloods of the Dacotah or Sioux j
nations of Indians, and for other purposes. !
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the above .
named bills. !
CHARLES STAPLES. j
On motion by Mr. HAMLIN, the Senate, as j
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider i
House bill for the relief of Charles Staples, of i
the State of Maine. i
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place liis name on the pension rolls at eight j
dollars a month, from January 1, 1853, to con- '
tinue during his life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without '
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read a third
time, and passed. I
PUBLIC BUILDINGS. i
On motion by Mr. BAYARD, the Senate, as j
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill " to authorize the extension and
completion of the Treasury building," and also the j
construction of a building for the War, Navy, and !
Interior Departments."
The bill was reported to the Senate without |
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read a third time, and passed.
CAIRO, ILLINOIS, A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. SHIELDS. The bill to constitute Cairo, '
in the State of Illinois, a port .if delivery, is now i
here. I ask for its consideration.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
accordingly proceeded to consider the bill.
It contains the usual provision for a port of
entry, for the appointment of a surveyor of cus-
toms, and annexes Cairo to the collection district
of New Orleans. , •
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third j
reading, read a third time, and passed. !
HOUR OK MEETING.
On motion by Mr. RUSK, the Senate proceeded
to consider the following reaoluiion, submitted by
him yesterday:
Ordered, That on and uOet Monday mm, tlit- daily hour '
of meeting of tho Senate «hall bo eleven nVlook, a. in., until I
otherwise ordered.
Mr. DODGE,of Iowa, 1 move to insert " ten"' ,
instead of " eleven."
Several Senators. Oh, no ! let it stand as it is.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. I withdraw the amend- i
ment. i
The resolution was ogieed to.
RAILROAD FROM NEW ORLEANS TO MOBILE.
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. The Committee on ]
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill grant- 1
ing to the States of Mississippi, Louisiana, and j
Alabama, the right of way, and a portion of the
public lands, for the purpose of locating and con- I
structing a railroad from New Orleans xo Mobile, j
have instructed me to report it back with an amend- j
ment. As the time which is left us of this ees-j
sion is now short, I ask for the consideration of
the bill. |
The Senate accordingly proceeded, as in Cum- II
rnittee of the Whole, to consider the bill.
Mr. DODGE, of loiva. 1 move to dispense'
with the reading of it. I,
Mr. EVANS. I should like to hear it read. I1
Mr. CLAY. 1 would suggest that it is in the
usual form of such bills.
Mr. EVANS. Is it only a right of way which
you ask?
Mr. DODGE, of Iowa. It grants the right of
way, and a portion of the public lands.
Mr. CLAY. It grants the right of way, and
land, which has bean conceded to all the other
roads.
The Secretary commenced to read the amend-
ment, but was interrupted by
Mr. STUART. Certainly it cannot be worth
while to spend the time of the Senate in reading it.
| It is like all the others which have been up be-
S fore. 1 suggest that the reading bedispensed with,
i The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
i in the chair.) That can only be done by unani-
| mous consent.
I Mr. EVANS. I desired to ascertain whether
: it was a grant of land, or only a grant of the right
of way.
| Mr. STUART. 1 will say to the Senator that
: it is a grant of land for the construction of a rail-
| road; but if the Senator wishes to have it read
further, I shall not object.
Mr. EVANS. I withdraw my request for the
, reading of it.
j The amendment of the committee was agreed
to, the bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
the amendment was concurred in, and the bill was
' ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. It
was read a third time, and passed; and the title
was amended, so as to read:
A bill granting land in alternate sections to the
States of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama,
to aid in the construction of a railroad from New
Orleans to Mobile.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. STUART. I am anxious, if possible, to-
day and to-morrow, to dispose of the homestead
: bill; and 1 hope the Senate will now proceed to its
consideration, so as to perfect it this week.
Mr. GWIN. I suggest to the Senator to wait
until one o'clock. A great deal of morning bus-
iness could be got thiough with by that time, and
it will riot interfere with the bill. I am as anxious
as he is to pass it, and I will sit it out to-day and
to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. 1 will say to the Senator, that
he and I cannot do much at that business. We
have tried it every day; but at half past three
o'clock the Senate will adjourn. If the Senate
will agree tacitly, that on to-day and to-Wrrow
we shall dispose of this question, certainly i ask
nothing else; but I hope we are not to be thrown
into the next week witli the bill, and thereby come
into competition with the appropriation bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator withdraw his motion?
Mr. STUART. I do not like to do it.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the Senator to permit
■ me to introduce a resolution, upon which there
will be no debate.
I The PRESIDING OFFICER, Does the Chair
understand the motion of the Senator from Mich-
igan to be withdrawn ?
Mr. STUART. I withdraw it. for the purpose
of allowing the resolution to be introduced; unan-
imous consent would permit that to be done with-
out withdrawing the motion.
CHARLESTON AND HAVANA MAILS.
Mr. MALLORY submitted tile following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con- !
sent, and agreed to;
Resolved, Thai tile Cuimmttoe un the Post Office find
Po=t Road* In' directed tn inquire inlo the expediency of (
providing lor tile transmission of the maild between Charles- i
ton, Havana, and Key West, during the month*, of August 1
and September, as tie y are new transmitted during the
other months of the year.
CALIFORNIA, ORECON, AND VVAS11INGTON
POSTAL SERVICE.
Mr. GWIN. Nov/, Mr. President, I ask the
Senate to consider the postal bill.
Mr. STUART. I submit a proposition to my
friend from California I will withdraw my
motion to allow lus bill to be considered, pro- i
vided it does not give rise to debate, or if it does,
then that it shall go qver.
Mr. GWIN. I will agree to that. I move thot ;
the Senate take up for consideration House bill
making provision for the postal service in the
State of California, and in the Territories of Ore-
gon and "Washington.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in 1
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider .
the bill. ,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill has
been reported from the Cemmittee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, with amendments.
Mr. GWIN. I will state to the Senate, that to ;
all the amendments of the committee, except the
two which propose to strike o.u£ the two last sec-
tions, there is no objection at all. l.hope all but
those two will be agreed to, and then the commit-
tee have agreed to withdraw the amendment pro-
posing to strike out the two last sections, which
are important to California, and which, on. .con-
sultation with the delegation from that State, the
committee are in favor of withdrawing. The other
amendments we wish acted upon.
Mr. RUSK. The two sections propose to give
the discretion to the Postmaster General to allow,,
out of the proceeds of the offices in California; a
sufficient amount to pay the annual expanses of
the offices. Upon reflection, we think that it is,
; perhaps, better to give the discretion to the Post-
master General. As a matter of course, Congress
' could not be well informed of what the actual ex-
penses of the offices in California were, w§ are so
far from there. Perhaps it will be better to trust
the discretion to the Postmaster General.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator modify the amendment?
Mr. RUSK. I cannot do so without the con-
sent of the whole committee. The plan will be
to take a vote, and reject the last one.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out ** fifty" and insert " twenty-five," in
the following proviso, contained in the first sec-
tion:
I Provided, That not more than fifty cents shall he charged
1 for any letter, newspaper, or ounce of other mailable mat*
! ter.
! The next amendment of the committee was to
j add to the first section the following:
Provided, Thai no letter or letters, or other mailable
' matter, shall bo delivered by any postmaster to said carrier,
unless requested, in writing, by the person or persons to
whom said letter or other mailable matter may be directed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the following sections:
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted. That in consideration
of the duties he. peiformed under the third section of this
act, and of all other special duties performed and to be
performed under tlio orders of the Postmaster General, the
Postmaster General tnay increase the annual compensation
of the postmaster of San Francisco from commissions, al-
lowances, and emoluments, from the 30th of June, 1853,
to a puin not exceeding double the compensation now
I allowed by law: Provided, That the surplus of commis-
, allowances, and emolument5:, accruing at his office,
; shall be paid over as required by the forty-first section of
; the act entitled "An act to reduce into one the several acts
establishing and regulating the Po« t Office Department,"
! approved March 3,1825 : Provided farther, That the Post-
. master General may allow to the postmasters in said State
i and Terriiones, from the 1st day of July, 1853, such sums
j out of th« postages collected at their respective offices as
I will, in addition to the commissions, allowances, and emol-
1 ument*, be sufficient to defray the actual and necessary
! expenses of their offices.
Sto. 5. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
i General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed, in
\ the settlement of the accounts of postmasters in the Sjate
' of California and Terntoiy of Oregon, serving as such pre-
j vious to the 30th of June, Anno Domini 1853, to allow to
| such postmasters all just and reasonable expenses incurred
I by them in and about the business of their tespective
' offices and the discharge of their official duties: Provided,
; That no-rillowance shall be made whereby the United States
; shall be charged with any indebtedness whatsoever."
I Mr. RUSK. I am authorized by the committee
\ to withdraw those amendments.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
, the amendments were concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed. The bdl was ordered to a third
reading, read a thiid time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON ENROLLED BILLS.
On motion by Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
! Oi tiered, That two additional members to the Committee
- on Enrolled Bills be appointed by the Chair,
RAILROADS IN MISSOURI.
1 On motion by Mr. GEYER, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads in the State of Missouri by a grant of a
' portion of the public lands; which had been re-
ported from the Committee on Public Lands .with
| an amendment.
I The amendment was agreed to.
I The bill was reported to the Senate as amended, ,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
; read a third time, and passed.
SLAVERY IN THE TERRITORIES,
Mr. CHASE. Some days since I gave notice
of my intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
