1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
171
sity that there should be further discussion upon
this bill, I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was then ordered to he put.
The mam question being, " Shall the bill be
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time?"
was put, and decided in the affirmative.
The bill was subsequently engrossed, and read
a third time.
A Member. Let the bill be read through.
There being no objection, the bill was read, ass
follows:
lie it enactcd hythe Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America i>i Congress assembled,
That petrous heietufore born, or heieaUei* to be horn, out
ot'tho limits and jurisdiction of the United States, who>e
fathers were or s-lia.ll be, at the time of their birth, citizens
ot lite (Jmted States, shall he deemed and con^ideied, and
are h<- rehy declared to he citizens of the said United States :
Provided, ho  ever, That the rights ot citizenship shall not
descend to persons whose fathers never resided hi the United
States.
Pfc. 2. Be it further enacted, That any woman, mar-
iKid, or who shall he married, to a citizen of the United
States, shall be deemed and taken to be a eitizcn ot the
United States.
Mr. DRUM. I move to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
I approve of the bill, but the natiuahzalion laws,
in many particulars, besides the one already under
discussion, need amendment.
Mr. CUTTING-. I rise to a question of oi der.
Has not the previous question been oideied ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has j
been exhausted.
Mr. DRUM. Because the naturalization laws1
need amendment, I think the only chance of
amending them would be to amend a bill of the
kind now before us, which is preeminently woithy
of adoption; and for the purpose o( procuring an
amendment of these laws in many other paitieu-
lars, some of which are quite as lamentable as the
cases ptovided for by this bill, and which ha\e
come under my personal notice, I move that the 1
bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole on |
the state of the Union, for the purpose of geneial 1
amendment. ,
One case I will relate, and it arises out of a very i
similar State law to the one complained of by the |
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cutting:,] and !
provided for in this bill. The case to which I re- 1
fer is this: There are many cases of foreigners who
have come to this country, left their homes and ■
children, became naturalized citizens heie, and
whose children have subsequently, aftet the lapse |
of a few yeais, been brought to this country; but j
they are not naturalized citizens under the act of j
Congress which 1ms been read by my colleague.
That act of Congress has b*en considered not to j
embrace cases of this kind. There are many such !
instances in which persons have grown up behev- 1
ing themselves to be naturalized by the naturaliza-
tion of their parents, but they are not citizens of
the United States, i could mention vaiious other ■
instances in which the naturalization laws need ;
amendment, besides the special case provided lor ,
in this biii.
Mr. ORE!. I think there is no necessity for
refernng this bill to the Committee of the Whole. 1
The bill has been reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, and it remedies a very glanng defectin,
the existing law. f move the previous question ■
upon the passage of the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DRUM. I will withdraw the motion f
made to refer the bill tu the Committee of the
Whole.
The question being upon the passage of the bill, '
it was taken, and decided in the affimative. i
So the hill was passed.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to reconsider the ■
vote bv winch the bill was passed, and to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was then taken; and it was decided ;
in the affirmative.
■ROBERT G. WARD.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, reported "A bill for the
relief of Robert G. Ward," which wasieadthe
first and second time by Us title, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
JUDICTAL DISTRICTS IN ARKANSAS-
Mr. STANTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report the following bill,
with an amendment:
"A bill to amend an act, entitled 4 An act to
divide the State of Arkansas into two judicial
Districts/ approved March 3, 1851/'
Mr. STANTON. That is a bill providing sim-
ply that the courts in the western judicial district
of Arkansas shall be authorized to sentence per-
sons who may be convicted to confinement in
the penitentiary, which is in the eastern district
of that State. It is a very important provision,
but one which can give rise to no debate. The
amendment I propose is to remedy an omission
which was in the original bill.
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
It provides that the courts m the western judicial
district of Arkansas shall have authouty, upon
conviction of persons of offenses for which pun-
ishment by confinement in the penitentialy is
annexed, to sentence such convicts to undergo
imprisonment m the penitentiary in the eastern
judicial district of the said State,
The following amendment is proposed by the
committee, to come in at the end of the bill:
"And the counties of Sevier ami S( baMitm, m ^aul Slate, \
are hetei>y added to and made a part ot the s>aid second j
western distiid.'' !
Mr. STANTON". These two counties lie j
upon the extreme western border of the State, '
and weie amittefi by accident in the bill creating
that district. I suppose of course there will be j
no objection to its adoption. j
The amendment was agieed to. ;
The hill, as amended, was then oidered to be 1
engtossed and lead a thud time; and having been ;
engrossed, was read a third tune, and passed.
Mr. HILLVElt. 1 desire to know if the morn- '
iour has expired^
he SPE A K ER. It has not yet expired. ;
DISTRICT COURTS IN CAL1FOKMA- I
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee, from the Com- ,
m it tee on the Judiciary, repoiled back, without
amendment, the following bill, with a recommen-
dation that it do pass:
"An act concerning the district courts of the
United States in California."
The bill was then read through by the Clerk.
It provides that there shall be appointed by the
President of the United States, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, a district judge
for the southern judicial district, heretoloie estab-
lished m California; and that the sessions o( the
distnet couit of >San Jose, Stockton, and Sacra-
mento, shall be abolished. It also presences
that in case of the sickness or inability of the said
district judge to hold the terms of the disti id court
at the places prescribed bv law, or either of them,
it shall be lawful for the disfi iet judge of the noith-
ern district of California to hold the said sessions
of 1 he southern disti iet; and that m case of the
sickness or inability of the distnet judge for the
noithem district to hold the sessions of said
court at the times and phtce-5 prtsri .bed bylaw,
or either of them, it shall be lawful for the judge
for the southern district to hold said sessions for
the noithewi district.
Mr. STANTON. The original bill passed in
1851, extending the judicial system of the United
States over California, established two judicial
districts, and provided for the appointment of two
judge*, in 1*52—in a general appropriation bill,
'on account of some difficulty, as I understand, be-
tween the Senate and President, in regaid to the
nomination of a judge—the law was so altered as
to requite the puige of the northern district to per-
form the duties of both. I have been informed by
the Senators and Representatives from California,
that the duties of that judge ate so onerous as to
render it almost impossible for him to perform
them. They inform me that he is engaged con-
stantly, from the beginning of the year to the end,
without any intermission of his duties. I can
readily believe this to be true, from the fa'-t that
all the cases before the land commission in Cali-
fornia are generally taken by appeal to the United
States district court of that State.
Under these circumstances, this bill becomes
necessary, not only for the purpose of enabling
these judges to interchange with each other,.but
for the purpose of reinstating the law as it origin-
ally stood in 1851, when the judicial system of
California vvas established.
Mr. HOUSTON. I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary a ques-
tion. I think I understand the statement he has
just now made. It is true that the act of last Con-
gress devolved the duties of both districts upon one
judge. It was done, however, with the assent,
and, I believe, at the suggestion of the Representa-
tives or Senators from the Stateof California. But
my recollection is that the salary of the judge who
has been acting was increased—that he either re-
ceived the sahuies of both judges, or that his own
was increased. Am I correct in that?
Mr. S TANTON. He did not receive the salaries
of both, but his own salary was increased from
$3,5011 to £5,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I recollected the general fact
that the salary was increased upon the express
ground that he was required to discharge a double
duty, and I should like the gentleman from Ten-
nessee now to teil me whether he proposes to in-
terfere with the salary which was appropriated by
the last Congress ?
Mr. STANTON. The act of 185] established
the salaries of these judges at £3,500. The act
of 1*59 devolved the duties of both of the judges
upon one, and raised his salary to $5,000. i have
not examined the phraseology of the act ot 1851,
but I presume that it controls the salary of this
judge. At the same time,] should be glad that
the salary should be raised to $5,000, because I
think that £3,500 is entirely insufficient. The
commissioners m the land commission get £8,('00,
ami they are an inferior tribunal to the district
court, because ca^ts are carried by appeal from
that commission to the distnct court.
Mr. HOUSTON". I do not intend to throw
any obstruction in the way of (he passage of this
bill. But I desired this information because I
think it would he as well, at once, to throw back
the salaries of these judges to the amount they
weie fixed at by the original lav/. As the duties
ate again to be separated, I think the foimer sala-
lii.s ought to be lestored.
Mr. EATrTAM. I think I can satisfy the gen-
tleman ftoni Alabama that it would be wrong to
thiow tlussalaiy back to ^3,500; and I will state
the reason: It was supposed, when the duties of
the two districts were devolved upon ;one judge,
that one judge would be able to dischaige the du-
ties of both. Experience has satisfied all persons
m that .State that thai is a matter of absolute im-
| possibility. The couit is in session, almost with-
out intermission, from th e fii st day of January to t he
hist day of December. ] je lias the revision of the
acts, of the California land commission, which is
composed of three commissioners, besides the or-
dinary jmisdictiou which belongs to the Uniied
States distnct court, and a mautmie jurisdiction
i extending o\er about one thousand miles of our {
| Pacific coast. It is an absolute impossibility for „
i one judge to dischaige" the v hole of the business
! imposed upon him. Now, then, this bill simply
j pio\ide« that, under the provisions of the bill of
I 1^51 the President may appoint a judge for the
j s- onlhei 11 di.sti  et, in oi d^r to relieve this judge of
i the northern disitict fiom a pmtion of his labor,
j The annual sahuy of the new judge will be 5*3.500.
j The salary of the judge of the northern Uistnct
j will be what it is at piesent. He certainly earns
it, for theieis no judicial officer who woiks moie
j laboriously than he does, and \iho is so pooily
! compensated.
I Mr H1LLYEP. 1 move that the House re-
; solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
. on the Private Calendar.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would remaik
I to the House that there are at present but few
; private bills on the Calendar. Some of them,
■ however, ate of a very important character, and
, involve considerable amounts of money. The
reports have only recently been made, and mem-
bers have not had an opportunity to look into th< m
j and to inform themselves of the character of the
' claims. If we go to the Private Calendar, we will
make but little progress to-day; and, if the motion
: of the gentleman from Georgia be withdrawn, I
i shall move that the House lesolve itself into the
' Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
j Mr. HOUSTON. J do not wish to be the
i means of causing the bill reported by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to be put out of its plnce,
'and, therefore, would mqui) e of the CI aii what
i would be its condition if now passed o\er;
' The SPEAKER. No motion being made to
i recommit, it would go to the table.
