882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
was to them, the question of maritime ascendency
will no longer be in doubt. The trade of Asia
and the Indies will pass over it through the center
of the North American continent, and its stimu-
lating influence in settlements, not only along the
route, but spreading all over the vast region be-
tween the Mississippi and the Pacific, will be
incalculable; whilst its enriching benefits will per-
vade and invigorate every department of the social
system, and impart a strength and power to our
Government that will defy all opposition or re-
sistance.
I have thus briefly ami most imperfectly referred
to the commercial considerations which commend
the subject to our attention. If time wereallowed
to enforce them, a picture could be presented of
the greatness and glory of the Republic, the result
of these vast commercial advantages, to which no
legislator could shut his eyes.
Napoleon, when no longer the Emperor, but the
philosophic statesman and dispassionate observer
at St. Helena, discoursing upon the purposes of
Government, and in special reference to our coun-
try, said: "Look at the United States, where,
without any apparent force or effort, everything
goes on prosperously, every one is happy and
contented; and this is because the public wishes
and interest are, in fact, the ruling power." " Place
the Government,'' said he, "at variance with
the will and interest of its inhabitants,"and then,
as he contemplated such an event, he drew a pic-
ture of the mischief that would follow.
This measure is one not only involving the
diversifiedinterests, which I have presented to the
Senate, but requires to be examined as to its
POLITICAL KFFKCT UPON THE COUNTRY.
The duty imposed upon us to maintain and pre-
serve our territory in its utmost extent, is not to be
denied. No man will confront the American people,
hesitating or mtimatinga doubt on this point. Our
institutions, in their very nature, aie expansive
and progressive. The Pacific cifast and important
Islands of Polynesia, have at different times been
the object of desire and envy of European States.
Captain Beechy, of the royal navy, examined the
port of San Francisco, and i eported it to be of im-
mensp compass, " sufficiently extensive to contain
all the British Navy," having excellent harbors
and anchorages, and surrounded by a country
varied by hills and valleys. In 1840, the British
captam, Belcher, was also charged with the care-
ful examination of the harbor; at\d at the same
time the Hudson's Hay Company,relying on the
support of the British Government, stretched her
line of foits towards this tenitory, in the hope
that negotiations which had been commenced in
.London for a cession of Mexican territory in sat-
isfartion of the English debt would result in the
acquisition of California. The views of England
respecting the Sandwich Islands have been well
known. In 17HH Captain Meares, of the English
Navy, did not hesitate to declare that the inhabit-
ants of those Islands would, one day, be ranked
among British subjects. In ihe year 3843, under
the pretext of redress of grievances, and the pros-
ecution of existing claims, Lord Paulet took pos-
session of these Islands. The energetic interposi-
tion of our Government resulted in the disavowal
of the act by Lord Aberdeen, as communicated by
the British Envoy,Mr. Fox, to Mr. Upshur, our
Secretary of State; and the British Commodore,
Thomas, hauled down the British Hag in the sum-
mer of the same year, and restored King Kehama
the Third to all his functions.
The importance of the Sandwich Islands as in-
termediate points between the Russian Asiatic
and Russian American possessions attracted, in
3312, the attention of the Imperial Company of
St. Peteisburgh. In that year, BaranofT, the gov-
ernor of Russian America, founded a settlement
at the port of Bodega, on the Cahfornian coast,
and sent a ship to Honolulu to establish a factory.
In 1814 he renewed his efforts to open commer-
cial relations, and repeatedly afterwards; but his
attempts were discouraged, and finally proved
abortive.
Ihe port of San Francisco has ever been re-
garded as the key to the northwest coast of Amer-
ica and the Pacific ocran.
"The future of these Islands," says a pro-
found observer once connected with the French
legation in Mexico, "is ultimately bound to
that of California; and the nation which will be-
come the mistress of the one ought to possess
the other; they seem, in fact,designedasarallying
point for vessels of every description that furrow
the Pacific ocean north of the equator, placed, as
they are, between California, the contested Ter-
ritory of Oregon, the northwest coast, Russian
America, and the numerous archipelagoes of the
great ocean and of Asia." These Islands, it will
be remembered, lie in a direct line, or nearly so,
between San Francisco and Hong Kong, and in
the 20th degree of north latitude, being the parallel
of the Island of Cuba.
During the last forty years, our Government
reflecting the public will, has been alive to the im-
portance of commercial position and ascendency on
the Pacific. So impressed with this fact was the
Spanish Minister at Washington, that in a dispatch
of the 1st April, 1812, to the Viceroy of Mexico,
he forewarned that functionary to be on his guard
and arm the frontiers, as the Government of the
United States proposed to fix its limits at the
mouth of the Rio Bravo del Norte, and ascend to
the 31st degree of latitude, and then draw a line
direct to the Pacific, which would bring Upper
California into the American Union.
During the presidency of General Jackson, Mr.
Forsyth, in his dispatch of the 6th August, 1835, to
theUnited States Charged'Affaires in Mexico, in-
structed him to treat for a line th?it would give us
the harbor of San Francisco, with an offer of five
millions for it; and Mr. Calhoun, as Secietary of
State, sent, in 18*14, a secret messenger to the Presi-
dent of Mexico, with an offer of ten millions for
this harbor. The sequel of public events which
finally led to our acquisitions on the-Pacific are
before the world.
Recent negotiations foreshadow, and the law of
political affinity seems to indicate the period as
not far distant when Sonora and Lower Califor-
nia, with an aggregate area of over two hundred
thousand square miles, and two thousand nine
hundred of sea coast around the peninsula and
along the main land, will be embraced within the
boundary of the Union.
The obligation upon the political departments,
in the exercise of legislative poweis to bind
together this nation, is a solemn and paramount
obligation. This measure appeals to us in this
point of view, and from the responsibility of
neglect, indifference, or delay, we cannot escape
before the tribunal of public opinion.
If California were some distant, dreary region,
like the Orkney or Shetland Islands in the mist
of the Northern Ocean, or some barren strip of
land, unfit for culture, and shut out fiom com-
merce, still, as a part of the territory of the Union,
your political power must reach it.
The principle established by those who founded
and matured the institutions they have bequeathed
to us as a sacied trust, and for which they staked
their fame forever, was, that not an inch of the
territory of the Republic should be disintegrated
or dissevered. For this, the mistress of the world
battled in the days of her glory, and maintained it
until she sank under an accumulation of social
disorders, and the wounds which misgovernment
had inflicted. It was to maintain this principle,
that induced Washington, amidst thickening mis-
fortune, to declare that he wouid never give up the
contest for the independence of the united colonies,
or the territory they claimed, even if driven to the
fastnesses of the Alleghany mountains.
If there was nothing attractive in our Pacific pos-
sessions, and they were valueless in all that makes
the earth valuable to man,yetns a part of our ter-
ritory, you are bound to defend them. But in
contrast with sterility, or even the fairer portions
of our other States, what a picture does California
present! Look at her in her immense propor-
tions, stretched out on the shores of the western
ocean, with a line of sea shore equal to one half
of the whole extent of the Atlantic coast, and
an area of one hundred and eighty-eight thousand
nine hundred and eighty-one square miles, equal
to one hundred and twenty millions, nine hun-
dred and forty seven thousand, eight hundred and
forty acres—more than four times the area of the
State of New York; and capable, from her com-
mercial position, and agricultural and mineral re-
sources, of maintaininga population equal to that
now held by the whole American Union. With
the coast range of mountains, in its beautiful un-
dulations from lofty summits to irregular hills on
the west, and the snowy mountains and Colorado
river on the east, and Lower California on the
south its center intersected by the rivers Sacra-
mento and San Joaquin, whose magnificent valleys
alone contain millions of acres of the most fertile
soil, stretching near the entire length of the State,
each flowing a distance of some tht ee or four hun-
dred miles in contrary directions from the north
and from the south, and uniting in thesame estuary
to discharge their waters into the bay of San Fran-
cisco, dug out, as it were, by the hand of nature
herself, for the noblest of human purposes.
Here we have a harbor and port, the natural
receptacle of the produce of our extensive valleys,
and at no distant day to be the Pacific seat of
trade, and an equipoise to the Atlantic emporium.
| It will be the entrepot and storehouse to which
1 the coasts of the Western ocean, of Northwestern
I America, and of the Asiatic regions, will send their
| products. From this common center of trade will
i be furnished in exchange the grain and other
| of our products required for subsistence bv the
; people of the Southwestern coast, of the Mex-
| lean and Central American States, down to the
| equator, to Peru, to the Southwestern coa3t of Asia
( and islands of the Polynesian group. The serenity
! and mildness of our climate, the mammoth growth
i of our vegetation, the capacity of our soil for wheat
! and the smaller grains, extending its adaptation
also to the vine, give advantages not surpassed, if
equaled, within the limits of anyoneof the States
of the Union. A few short years ago she was
held by a sparse and apatheticpopulation of some
few thousand souls, with limited wants, and these
almost supplied spontaneously by nature. From
the moment the American flag rose upon her hills
the scene was changed. Western settlers entered
her limits, those pioneers whose strong hands and
patriotic hearts have everywhere laid the deep
foundations of our prosperity. Apathy m Cali-
fornia ceased, and was succeeded by the activity
of industrial pursuits. The golden discoveries
were first made in seeing a few glittering particles
sparkling in the sunlight in a mill-iace on a foik of
the American river, a tributary of the Sacramento.
This discovery was followed up in our rivers,
which, rushing from the Nevada chain, liberate
and sweep down to their beds the hidden treasure,
and point the way to the sources of mineral
wealth, hitherto illimitable in extent, and exhib-
iting no si^ns of exhaustion. The opening, ex-
panding veins of our rocky structure have been
reached, and their golden deposits unfolded by the
ingenuity and enterprise of that indomitable band
of immigrants, whose tireless energies mock at all
difficulties, and defy all obstacles. The rush of im-
migration extended, energy and enterprise flocked
to our shores. Labor, that makes man what he
is, and without which gold is as valueless as the
dust of the earth, did its work. Industry, that
" intangible, abstract commodity/' directed our
energies, and we rose in the full proportions of a
sovereign State, unprecedented in growth, and
unexampled in its career in the history of nations.
Her mineral discoveries, which the press had
announced from one end of the globe to the other,
until the news even penetrated the isolation of the
Chinese dominions, were first looked upon as ori-
ental fictions, then doubted, then believed, and
finally realized beyond all anticipation.
In ]82U we had a metallic currency in theUnited
Stales, according to Mr. Gallatin's report in that
year, of thirty-two millmis five hundred thousand
dollars. The products of all the mines in the Union >
from that year until 1848, furnished an additional
sum of twelve millions seven hundred and forty-one
thousand six hundred and forty-seven dollars, being
an average annual yield of between four and five
hundred thousand dollars. Our net specie imports
over our exports for that,period were eighty-two
millions eighty-six thousand four hundred and sixty-
one dollars, and immigrant supplies, at an average
of a million a year, gave us twenty-seven millions,
making an aggregate of specie in the United States
at the beginning of the year 1848, of $154,328,108.
In that year the aggregate products of the mines
of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Georgia, Tennessee, Alabama, and New Mexico,
fell below the general average I have stated, having
only reached about two hundred thousand dollars,
to which California, just then beginning to open
her treasures, contributed an additional sum of
more than one fifth the product of all our mines at
that time. She has, since that period, increased
her product in almost a compound ratio, u ntil he
