1740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 14,
prohibit slavery in the Territories. I now present :
the hill, and ask that leave.
Leave was granted, and the bill was read a first
time by its tide.
Mr. CHASE. The bill which I have just in-
troduced is \ety brief. It enacts'that there shall
be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, oth-
erwise that) tn the punishment of crime, in any
Ten itoiy ot the United S'ates. Its words of pro-
hibition are those proposed by Jefferson in 1784.
Their scope is ihe same, in 1784 Jefferson pro-
posed to prohibit slavery in alt the tenitoryof
the United States. This bill proposes the same
prohibition. The prohibition of Jefferson was
mcoiporated in the ordinance of 17^7, and thus
became a lav/ throughout the w hole territory then
subject to Federal legislation. It was renewed
in the act for the admission of Missouri, and ap-
plied to the vast region west, of the Mississippi,
north of 36° 3U'. At this session this ancient
policy of prohibition has been reversed, by the
repeal of the eighth section of the Missouri act.
The Kansas and Nebraska act substitutes the pol-
icy of slavery allowance for the policy of slavery
prohibition.
I have no wish to renew the discussion of this
great question at tins time. 1 merely wish togive
notice, by the introduction of this bill, that the
legislation which repeals the Missour i prohibition,
and reverses the policy of Jefferson, is not ac-
qmesced in, and that there is a settled purpose tn
the country to reinstate the prohibition, and ex-
tend it over all national territory.
i do not ask that the bill shall be referred; nor
do I invoke any action upon it atthts session, now
nearly expired. The Senate is fresh from the dis-
cussion of the subject, and its decision is fixed.
At the next session, it I shall then haveihe honor
of a seat here, I propose to submit it to di^-ussion
and a vote. In the mean time I invoke the judg-
ment of the people.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the special order
•—the homestead bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. With the permis-
sion of the Senatoi from Michigan, I desire to
make a motion to lay the bili of the Senator from
Ohio on the table.
Mr. CHASE. It is upon the table now.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee, if so, I have noth-
ing to say.
Mr STUART. 1 understand the bill sub-
mitted by the Senator from Ohio was laid on the
table.
Mr. PRATT. No vote was taken on it.
The PRES! DliNU OFFICER, [Mr. Wei.lku.]
The e bus In en no question put on lay ing it on the
table.
Mr. STUART. I atn willing that the Senator
from iV'hne>sff should submii his motion.
The PRESI DiJNG OFFICER. The question
i«on the motion to lay the bill of the Senator from
Ohio on the table.
Mr. OH ASF. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion is
not debatable.
Mr. C11 ASK. I know it is not, but I rise to a
question of order. When a bill is received, it is
ot cotnse laid on the table. I stated distinctly
that 1 should not ask its refeierice, and that I
should not atsk for action on it now. I submit
that the bare le^eipt of the bill takes it on the
table, as a matter of coutse. If the Senator
u ishes a formal motion for that purpose, there
c n be no objection tn any quarter. That is the
very dixposiimn i propose to make of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did notbearthe
remaiks o! the Senator from Ohio, but 1 under-
stood the object he had in view; and my purpose
it! making the motion to lay on the table, was to
bring the matter to a test now. I want to know
how ninny Senators on this floor stand with the
Senator on the question.
Mr. CHASE. It the Senator desire that, his
object can be attained to-motrow. In the ordi-
iiKiy course of business, the bill will come up to-
nioirow for its second reading, and it can be
rejected upon its second reading, if the Senate
choose to do it. I do not ask tor ac'ion upon it
at present; but if other gentlemen desiie action
upon it. I certainly shall not shrink from it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. For one 1 desiie
action upon it now. The presentation of a prop-
osition of that sort, to be over until the next ses-
sion of Congress, is intended fur effect. I desire
to know how many Senators upon this floor are
willing1 to agree to the proposition of the Senator
from Ohio; and if he will put it m a position in
which we can test that ques ion now, I shall be
satisfied. He says it has been debated. I have
no desire to debate it; but i want a direct vote
on it. 1 want to know how many Senators are
in favor of it. I will move to lay it on the table,
if the Senator will put u in a position in which I
can do so.
Mr. STUART. In the present condition of
things, under the rules, the bill of the Senator
fiorn Ohio cannot be subiect to any such motion.
It cannot he read a second time to day, and until ^
it be read a second time, no such motion is in i|
order. !j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion j;
can only be entertained by unanimous consent, as •
the Senate has already determined to proceed to j
the consideration of the special order, which is the jj
homestead bill. !'
Mr. S I UART Let us go on with that. \\
Mr. SEWARD. I rise for the purpose of 1
making what may be, perhaps, a personal expla- :!
nation. I learn that the bill of the Senator from
Ohio may perhaps come up to-morrow, and as I j1
shall be absent then, I desneit to be understood \<
that if I were here, I should vote for the bill of p
the Senator from Ohio.
POST OFFICE AND LIGHT-HOUSE APPROPRI- ;i
ATION BILLS. jj
A message was received from the House of!!
Representatives, by Mr. McKean, Chief Clerk, ;j
announcing that they had passed a bill making j
appropriations for the service of the Post Office '
Department during the fiscal year, ending the
30'h of June, 1855; and a bill making appropria-
tions for light-houses, light-boats, buoys, &c., ;
and providing tor the erection and establishment j,
ot the sa/ne, and for other purposes. jj
^7 HOMESTEAD BILL. !
On motion by Mr. STUART, the Senate, as !j
in Committee ot the Whole, resumed the consid- h
eration of the House bill " to grant a homestead
of one hundred and sixty acres of the public lands ;!
to actual se'tlers." ;;
Mr. Clayton had moved to amend by striking !!
out the sixth section, which is m the following .
words:
(i £t:c. G. Jinfibeit further cnaifed, Tlintifanyindivid- |
mil now a ot any ono of ihe ur Tennories, 1
and not a te.-idcnt ot tin; United Slates, hut .U the tune of
making such ai-qniMtioii lor the In-m fit of tins act, shall
Kivr filed a (i< i l.ir.ition of intention n-qiur< <! by the nat-
ui,iljy.,tuon l.tw* ui Mm- United Mates, ami shall becme a
cui/.en ol the sunn hefom ihe i-.-tJanrc ot the (latent, as
in.uli* .nut i>iovid< d lor :n tin- .id, shall he placed upon .in
ifjiiai footing vviih the liaiivu born citizen ot the United
Stales." !
Pending this motion, Mr. Chase moved to
amend the section by striking out the words "now
a resident of any one of the States or Territories,
and," and inserting the word 44 who" between the
words " but" and " at;" and this is the pending :
question.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say a few words be- '
fore the amendment of the Senator from Ohio is
voted upon. It is a proposition to vary the re-
! stnetion of the bill as to persons, so as to allow
| any foreigner coming in hereafter, to aval) himself
| of the privileges of this act That is the substance
j of the amendment. I shall vote against it, al-
< though in the abstract I am not opposed to that
! proposition. I shall also vote against the prop-
i osition of the Senator from Delawaie. [Mr. Ci ay-
i ton.] If those propositions shall be rejected, I
i will submit to the Senate,^ no other Senator does
! it, this provision, in respect to the qualifications
i of persons who shall avail themselves of this law;
[ that they shall be, m the States, persons who are
: entitled m the particular States to hold land.
' The effect of that will be to leave if in the power
| of any and every State in the Union to prescribe, ,
i by its own laws, who shall be entitled to avail :
! themselves of this homestead provision; so that, i
; if m Alabama they do not choose to have foreign-
j ers, they can exclude them under this law. In
I Michigan we desirethem. We have a great many
I of them. We have a large colony of Hollanders,
i we have Germans, we have liishrnen; and they
! are as good citizens as we have in the State. ;
j At all events, without taking time to discuss 1
this matter,-I will simply say that that proposi-
tion will leave the question of State-rights perfect.
Every State can then determine for itself, v. ho
shall be holders of real estate within its borders
under this bill. They cannot und( r other pi ovis-
lons of the existing laws, because any man, as i
said before, can enter lauds at ten shdl.ng* an
acre, and any man can take lands by preemption.
But if there is any such particular danger as some
Senators suppose may arise under this provision
of the homestead bill, they can provide against it
under the proposition which I have said t intend
to submit.
Mr. CHASE. Mr. President, there are cer-
tainly arguments which commend the proposition
which the Senator from Michigan has intimated
his intention to submit to the Senate very strongly
to favor; but it is by no means certain that we
shall ever reach that proposition. I presume that
the fi lends of the homestead bill desire to pass it
with as little amendmentas practicable; and, here-
after, if future circumstances shall require a mod-
ification of this legislation, it will be quite in the
power of Congre:-s to adopt such suggestions*as
have been made by the Senate.
The present question, and the only present ques-
tion is, whether there is any reasonable ground
for discrimination between those who arrive here-
after, and those who arrived yesterday or may ar-
rive to-day. Senators, geneially, upon both sides
of the general question, seem to concede that there
is no ground lor this discrimination. The Sena-
tor from Michigan says that he is m favor of the
punnple of the amendment which I have sub-
mitted. I knew he could not be otherwise con-
sistently with that regard for right and justice
which characterizes that Senator; but if he i.s m
favor of n in the abstract, I hope his vote now
will manifest that he is in favor of it also m the
concrete, as a practical, and not as an abstract
question.
Mr. WALKER. The lull before as is a House
bill, and until some breach shall be made upon its
present form, I shall vote against all amendments.
If, however, the Senate shall determine to change
the form of the bill, 1 shall then have some amend-
ments to offer myself; but until 1 see such a dis-
position indicated by the Senate, I will vote
against all amendments, however I may feel upon
the principle of those amendments.
Mr. CLAY. Yesterday I stated that I con-
curred fully in the view of the honorable Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] that the bill m its
present form was calculated to produce a great
many frauds and perjuries, and that yon would,
by the practical wotking of the measure, admit
all who might come hereafter to the benefits of this
act, at all events; and hence I announced that I
should vote with him for the amendment. But
on subsequent reflection I have concluded, that
inasmuch as I shall vote against the section, if it
be amended as proposed, or if it be not amei ded,
1 will vote against the pending amendment. I will
not help to amend the section at ali. I think it is
a folly to be patching a garment that i will not
wear and mean to throw away.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment of Mr. Chase, resulted—■
yeas 13, nays 30; as follows:
YE.AS—Messrs. Bayard, Bmdbenrl, Chn-e, Dou-jln*,,
Foot. Gillette, Not/is, Stvvard, Shields ..-Sum-
ner. Wade, iuid W< I It* r—13.
jVAYrf—-Mes-r*.. Adams, Alien, Atelii-on, Badger, Bell,
Benjamin. IJn ht, Brown, Huth'r, ('a^-, Ulav. Diuv-nn,
Dixon, l)ods£«' of Wi.-eon- in, Dodge of Iowa, Kvan°. Fi-h,
FitzniUrick," Gf-yer, Hamlin, Hunter, Johnson, Jone< of
Iowa. Join", of Tennessee, Mailoiy, Mason, Pearee, Peint,
Piau, Rockwell, Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart. Toucev, Walk-
ei, and Wiliiams—36.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is now on the amendment of the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon,] to strikeout the word
l< individual," in the sixth section, and insert, m
lieu thereof, the words " free white person." This
amendment being to perfect the section, the ques-
tion must be taken on it, before taking the vote on
striking out the whole section.
Mr. DIXON. The object of theamendment is
simply to confine the operation of the law to white
persons. As it now stands, I suppose free ne-
groes would hav e a right to the benefit of the sixth
section.
Mr. SHIELDS. I wish to ask the Senator
whether there are any white persona in this coun*
