1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
173
Shaw, Shower, Singleton, Skelton, George W. Smyth,
lienor L. Sre\«;t >. Soatton, Stiaub, John J. Tavlor,
Thin-ton, Tiour, Walker, V Tiinen, Wells, John Went-
wonh, We !hrook, Darnel 13 Wught, and Hendriok B.
Wii«ht—96
XAYS-—Messo?. Aberetonibie, Appieton, Thomas H.
liflV! v, Benton, Caipentei, Caruiher>, Chandler, Chase,
Cook, Convui, Cox, Cioeker, Culioni, Cutting, Dick,
Dickinson, Hasimari, Evi*ii:-irt. Lwmg, Fhuder, Pranklm,
Haven, Hn-^'r, Hill, Hunt, Keir, Knox, .LuHiley. Lnids-
ley. McCulloch, McMuMni, Matt<;<on, M.iurH'c, Middles-
warth, John U. Miller, Moi«ari. Norton, Andrew Oliver,
Paiker, Pet k, Peckham, Pentiin<.'tou, Powell, Pringle,
Ptuyc<.ir, Read}. Ree>u, David Rucme, Rogers, Russeh,
sabri, Sace, Shannon, Cemt Smith, Snodiiia^. Frederick
P. Stanton, Andrew Stuart, John L. Tavloi, Tiacv, Up-
liain, Wade, Walhnd«e. Walh-v. Wahh, Elhhu B. Wash-
Innne,'I appan Wentworth, Wheeler, Witte, Yates, and
Zolheofi.'i—70.
So the substitute was adopted.
The SPEAKER.. The question now is upon
ordering the hill to be read the thud time. Upon
that question the previous question is not ex-
hausted.
Mi. WHEELER. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of New York. Is it now in or-
der to make any remarks?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the substitute was adopted, and to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. Upon that
motion I cal! for the yeas and riavs.
Mr. WHEELER. I ask for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Bridges and
Whkuli-.r. were appointed.
The House was divided upon the demand for
the yeas and nays, and the tellers repoited—ayes
50, noes not counted.
So the ye<is and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will withdraw my motion
to reconsider and lay upon the table.
The question upon ordering the bill to a third
reading was then put.
[Considerable confusion prevailed in the Hall.]
Mr. WHEELER, i moved to adjourn before
the Chair put the question upon ordering the bill
to a third reading. I insist that the motion be
entertained.
The SPEAKER. pro tempore, (Mr. Jones.) The
gentleman could not have made the motion, tor he
was certainly not recognized by the Chair.
Mr OR.lt. Has the result of the vote upon
ordering the bill to a third reading been an-
nounced'
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair will
consider the question as not having been put.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. HILLYER. I move that when the House
adjourn, u adjourn to meet on Monday next.
[Cries of " No !" " No !" and "Yesp']
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. 1 ask the indulgence
of the House to make a single remark, suggested
to me by the Doorkeeper of the House. I never
made a motion to adjourn over since i have been in
Congress; but I am informed that such an ad-
journment, upon the present occasion, is® absolutely
necessary, in order to ad just the jjfas fixtures about
the Hall, to render it tolerable and healthful
The question was put, and carried in the affirm-
ative
Mr. SAGE. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to fuljourn
The question then recurred upon orderm ,
bib to be engrossed and lead a third time; and ,
having been put, was a£ieed to. j
TIip bill was then read a third time by its title.
Mr. ORR. I move the pievious quesiion upon
the pju'sajre of the hill.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. 1 move that the
House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the House refused
to udjoui n.
Mr. BAYLY. I move that there be a call of
the Mouse; anu upon that motion 1 demand the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The previous
quetfion having been seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put, a motion for a call of
the House cannot be entertained.
the
Mr. TAYLOR, of Ohio. Upon the passage of
the bill I demand the yeas arid nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
negative—yeas 70, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, Willis Allen, Baiks-
dale, Bany, Belcher, Benton. Biv-eli, Boeoek, Brook*,
Carpenter. Churehwell, Chngman, Craige, John C Davi-,
Thomas Davis, DeWitt, Di.-nev, Dunbar, Eddv, Edmund
son, Eihoti, Ewlnv, Farley, Gieemvood, Giow, Sampson
W. Harris, Wiley P Harm,, Ilaven, Hendricks, Henn,
llibhard, Hi liver, linu>ton. How Iluuhes, h><iei>oll, Keitl,
Kidwell, Kiutz. Lamb. Lane, McUuecn, Mawveil, May-
all, Meacham, Smith Miller, Mom:-on, Murray, Noble, Orr,
Bi>hop Perkins, Phelp-*, Piatt, Ready, Riddle, Robbing,
Rufhn, Sejmoui, Shaw, Singleton. Skelton, Ceoure W.
Smyth, Hector L. Stevens, Straltou, Thurston,Tiout,Vail,
Wauen, Daniel i?. Wii^bt, and Zoiheotlet—70
NAYS—Abeicionibie, Aiken, Appleton,Thomas
H. Bajlv, Bieckimidjje, Budges, Chandlei. Cha-e, Ciaik,
Cobb, Colquitt, Cook, Coi wmi, Co\, Crocker, Cnllom, Cut-
ting, Dawson, DnJv, Die kin-on, Dow dell, Drum, lv.i>-tmaii,
Kdgerton, Elh-on, jjifh^li, Uthendge, Everhart, Flagler,
Fluicnee, Fiankhn, fuller, Green,Giev, Hat-ting-, liie.stei,
Hill, Hunt, George W. Jones, Roland Jone«, Ken, Knox,
Li!l\. Lmdlev, .Lmdsley, McCulloch, Macdonaid, McDou
gall, MeMiilhn, AkV.iii, Mace, Matte-on, Mannce, Mid
dleMvarth, John G. Millei, Milton, Morgan, XielioL- Nor-
ton, Andiew Olni'i. Mordeeai Ohvei, Paiker, Peek,
Peckham Pennington, loin. Pel kmc, Phillips, Powell,
Pi ingle, Pun ear, Reese, Richardson, David Ritchie,
Thomas Kitehey, Rogeir,, Rowe, Rus-a-ll, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Sewaid, Shannon, Shower, <*o« i if Smith, Snod
gia--, Fn-detiek 1'. Sianlon, Suaub, Andiew Stuait, John
J Ta\loi, John L. Ta> ioi, Tracy, Tweed. Uph.im, VYade,
W.ilhi ulge,Walkei. W.ilh \, \A*al-h, Elnhu Wasliburne,
Wells, John WentvvoiJil, 'P.ippan \\reiit vvorth, W  silimok,
Whei-'Jer, \Yitte. llendnek B. Wiiijht, and ^'<Ues—1U^.
So the bill did not pass.
Mr. MAC-DONALD. 1 move to reconsider the
vote by wlucli the 1 Louse refused to pass the bill,
and to lav the motion to reconsidei upon the table.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. On that mo-
tion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mi. CHURCH WELL. I call for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
,Mr. McMlJLLlN. 1 move that this House do
now adjouin.
[Loud cues of " No !" " No r'j
Mr. ROB BINS i call for telleis on that mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Sapp and
Churchwf.ll were appointed.
The question was then put; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes H, noes KL
So the House refused to adjourn.
The House was then divided on the demand
for the yeas and nays on Mi. M\ci>o\\liA mo-
tion; and theie wete 2G m the aJiirniative.
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. I cal! for tellers on
the yeas and nays. They were called for before :
the vole on the adjournment.
Telleis were not ordered, only 23 memheis 1
rising in the affirmative. |
Mr. TA YLOil, of Ohio. Count the other side. ;
The SPEAKER pro temporet(Mr. Joxls, of |
Tennessee ) It does not make any dilfeieiice. It j
leqiures one filth of the members ptesent to order
the yeas and nays; and, in the opinion of the pi e^- ,
ent (ircu| i«nt of the chair, the yeas and nays have
already neen oidered—Jib members having voted
for them. 1
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjourn. i
The Sl'EA KER pio tempore. The Chair holds '
that th it motion is not m oider, the House having
just decid'd that question by refusing to adjourn, i
Mr. STANTON. The yeas and nays have
been ordeied on ihe motion of (he gentleman from
Maine Mnce the last motion to adjourn was made
and vot.ed on.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not think
that that is such action as would authorize him to
entertain another motion to adjourn now.
Mr. BAYLY, of Vn^inia. J move that there
be a cull of the House; and upon that motion I
demand the yeas and nays. I want to have a full
vote upon this question.
The veas ami nays were oidered.
Mr. STANTON, of Tennessee. I move that
the House do now adjoin n.
[Ones of "Yes!" "No"' "Pass the bill
first."]
Mr. WHEELER. 1 demand tellers on the
; question
: 'fellers were ordered; and Messrs. Richardson1
i and Wheller weie appointed.
1 The question was taken, and the House refused
1 to adjourn; theie being, oil a division—ayes 77,
i noes 79.
t [Crhs of Call the roll !" " Call the roil!"]
The roll was th^n called; and there were 32 in
the affirmative, and 1*28 in the negative.
' So the motion to order a call of the House was
not agreed to.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question now
' is on laying the motion to reconsider on the fable.
On that question the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
'Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order.
The SPEAKER. State vour point of order.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 'The point of order is,
■ that the Clerk ought to have caller] the names in
1 time; and that if he had called the names in proper
1 time, the House would have been saved this
, trouble.
The Chair decided against the point of order.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, but was
, interrupted by
Mr. BAYLY, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, does
the Chair decide that the call for a division was
not made before the ayes and noes were ordered ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair decided that the
call was not made until after the decision had
been announced, and the calling of the roll had
, commenced.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I rise to another ques-
; tion of order, and it is, that during: the calling of
the roll no point of Older can be raised.
Mr. WHEELER. What is the question be-
fore th* House, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER The question is on laying
the motion to reconsider on the table.
■ The roll was then called; and there were—yeas
' 100, miys 30; as follows:
Yi:AS—Me->rs. Aiken, James C. Allen, Willis Allen,
B.nksdale, ILiriv, Bekhei, Boeoek, BiecKmridge. Budges,
Brook-, Caipentei, Churchv\ «>IL Clmk, Chngman, Col.-jmu,
i 'orwm, Craige, John G Davi-,Trminas Davis, Dawson. De
1 Witt, Dow deli, Dnim, Dunbar, FdummLon, Milton, ftver-
hari, F.uley, Faulkner, Florence, Fuller,(biddings, Gnodn,
' Gieen, Gieemvond, Sampson W Ham- Wiley Hams,
I Listings, Haven, Hendncks, Hibbard, Flotiston, Howe,
Hughes, [ugersoN, Johnson. Daniel T. Jone^. (ieorge W.
Join--, Roland Jones, Kent, Kerr, Kittiedge. J,nml>, Lane,
i Latham, Lillv, Lmdlev, Macdonakl, MeVair, Macv, Max-
1 well, Ma vail, Smith Millei, 31ill.son, Morrison, Murray,
' Nichols, Noble, Oi f, Bishop Perkins, John I'erkiijs, Pheljxs,
, Phillip-, Pratt, Pnryenr Rich.ird^on, Riddle, Thomas
: Ritehev, Roblun^, Kowc. Rutfin, Sabjn. Sapp, Seward, Sey-
mour, Shaw, Shower, Sm«;lrton, Skelton, Genir Smith,
(Jeoige W. Smyth. Hestor L. Steven«, Stratioa, Andiew 
Sin.ul, John J. Taylor ThurMon, Trout, YaiJ, Wade,
Walker, Warren, John VYentwoiih, We-ibiook, Darnel B.
Wnght, and llendnek B Wright—H)fi.
\TAYS—Messrs Appleton, ('handier, Cov, Crocker,
Di< k, Fa-tman. Fddv, F.theiulge, Fwnig, Grey, (irovv,
II M'sji'i, Hill, Hillyei, Knox.. MeMullin, .Maite-on, Moi-
dlc-warih, John Ci Miller, Moigan, P* nnm^tori, Readv,
i ku-seil. Sage. John I.- Ta\lor. Traey, VVal&h, F.lhhu B.
j VV.ishbui ne, Wlieelei, and Yates—3U.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
, table.
; Mr. PERKINS, of New York. I move that
, the House do now adjourn.
The question was put; and the motion was
ui^i eed to.
Thereupon the House adjourned, (at four p. m.,)
to twelve o'clock, m., on Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 16, 1£54.
Prayer by Rev. Willi ym II. Milisurn'.
The Journal of Thursday was read and approved.
THE STEAMSHIP SAN FRANCISCO. ^
Mr. PEA ROE. Mr. President, I ask leave of
the Senate at this time to submit a resolution, to
which 1 am sure there will be no objection:
Jlcioh-ril, That the Committee on \aval Affairs be in-
r-trticted to report upon the expediency of making suitable
acknowled-'.neuH, and presenting fe-tunomaH to The eom-
liiandeis and ciews of the Bnti-h .ship Three Bell-, the
Aineiican haik Kiiby, and tlx' -Inp Antaretic. ioi the hu-
niaiutv and ga-'iantry di-played in the reseue of the sur-
viMiig oilieeiv, passengers, and crew of the steamship s>an
Franeiseo.
By unanimous consent the Senate proceeded to
consider the re^oiutioii.
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. President, I he? leave to
SAV a very tew u-ords upon the snlij( n, of the res-
olution. The recent catusfrophe of the steamship
Sail Francisco was so nnnsu.it—the pei its of those
1 who were 011 honrd of her Mere so imminent, and
prolonged amidst such variety and nitensny of
sulTenns 'they were so connected with the iJov-
i ejnment, and their rescue was achieved by efforts
