1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
883
annual contributions to the metallic currency are
one hundred miliums, being two and a half times ;
freater than the aggregate avfya^e annual yield j
etween the years 1829 and 1848, of the Uralian,
Mexican, Peruvian, Bolivian, Chilian, and,in fact,
of all the mines in the world together?
Look back at the commercial crises at different
periods of our history, and especially those within
our recollection, from 1837 to 1840, when we suf-
fered from a dram of our then very limited supply
of the precious metals, and reflect upon the disas-
ters which pervaded the country in every depart-
ment and business of life. What is it but the
gold of California that has held in equipoise our
commercial balance, and furnished us with a re-
dundant supply of bullion, notwithstanding the
immense expansion of our trade and increased
importations, whilst at the same time it has im-
parted wide-spread prosperity over the face of the
whole country, by which mendicity has virtually
been extinguished within our borders?
Did she clutch at and hold this massive treasure
for her own benefit? No; she sentit back to your
constituents; she dispensed it all over your terri-
tory. It reached your manufacturers of New
England; it found its way to your farmers of the
middle and western States, and to the cotton,
rice, and sugar planteis of the South; it gave un-
exampled activity to your workshops in every
nook and corner of the land; it increased employ-
ment in your dock-yards, and gave new impetus
to your shipping interest, until its stimulating
influence was felt in the nerves of your whole
industrial system.
We now come before you asking an appropria-
tion of your domain, for the construction of this new
means of intercommunication, indispensable not
only to consolidate us at home, but to guard against
the shock of foreign war, and consequent danger
of political dismemberment.
The utmost stretch of your interposition will
not exceed, under the bill before you, forty mil-
lions of acres for a line of two thousand miles,
that will unite the Mississippi States with the Pa-
cific. Its value does not equal by one half our
annual supply of gold, and its concession wilt be
more than reimbursed by the enhanced value im-
parted to thealternate residuumof your land. The
measure, Senators, is one demanding your serious
consideration.
For the maintenanceof our claims upon Mexico,
we expended far more than double the cost of the
project before us. To recover and retain any
fraction of territory within this Confederacy, we
would exhaust the treasure of the country, and
place posterity under tribute for centuries to
come.
Home, after the lapse of centuries, from her
foundation, and in the peaceful reign of the An-
tonines, claimed the proud distinction that one
hundred and twenty millions acknowledged her
laws a degree of population probably exceeding
modern Europe in the eighteenth century, and
supposed, by an enlightened historian to be
" the most numerous society that has ever been
united under the same system of government."
A people whose cities were connected by public
highways issuing from the seat of empire, travers-
ing Italy, pervading provinces, and terminating
only with the frontiers, forming a great chain of
communication from the wall of Antoninus to the
capital, thence to Jerusalem, and stretching in dis-
tance over four thousand Roman miles.
Senators: Our progress as a nation has com-
paratively but begun; the immeasurable future
lies before you. It is for us to do our part as pat-
riots to and legislators, under the mandates of the
Constitution, to devise those means which will
overcome geographical separation, and give unity
to every part of this ocean-bound Republic.
By the natural law of increase, aided by a swell
of immigration which the shock of European war
and the reconstruction of nationalities will send
to our shores, the new century that approaches,
even though we are yet in the springtide of na-
tional existence, will find within our limits, now
greater in territorial extent than Imperial Rome,
a population equal to what she possessed in the
zenith of her glory, after the growth of a thou-
sand years. .
Let the measure under consideration be con-
summated, and an act, vital to the integrity of our
territory, and to the perpetuity of our undivided
Union, will have been accomplished; and then,
as a united people, WHO CAN PREDICT OUR
FUTURE DESTINY ?
On motion by Mr. MASON, the further consid-
eration of the bill was postponed until to-morrow.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion by Mr. MASON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of Executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and
Ihe Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, Jlpril 10, 1854.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. William H. Milbdrn.
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The business first m older
is a motion lying overfiom last Monday, made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Flor-
ence,] to suspend the rules for the purpose of
introducing the following resolution;
Resolved, That the President of the United States be
requested to promote Commander Duncan N. lngraham to
the grade of captain in the Navy of the United States, and
that the Secretary of the Navy be requested to tender tltR
command of one of the six first-class steam fiigates provided
lor in tile bill that passed the House on the 3tst March, to
Captain Duncan N. Ingrahani, wlieu feuch vessels may be
rt.ady for service.
Mr. DEAN. I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania if he will not withdraw the resolution for
the present, and allow me to bring forward a mat-
ter of very great importance?
Mr. FLORENCF,. 1 have no disposition to
press this resolution upon the consideration of the
House at this time; and I am perfectly willing,
with the consent of the House, that it should lie
over to be considered at another time, as the tlouse
is exceedingly thin.
The SPEAKER. Does the Chair understand
the gentleman from Pennsylvania as withdrawing
the resolution ?
Mr. FLORENCE. For the present I will with-
draw it, that the gentleman from New York may
introduce his resolutio-ns.
Mr. DEAN. I desireto bring before the House
at this time a matter of very great importance to
the commercial interests of the country; and for
that purpose I ask the unanimous consent of the
House to introduce two resolutions. The Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs have recommended the
adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire,
Mr. Speaker, whether this is not resolution day,
when the States are to be called for resolutions?
By pursuing the regular order, we will get a great
many more resolutions through than we can in
this informal way.
Mr. DEAN. Well, I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to introduce the
resolutions.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Reiohed, That m the war which now seems impending
in Europe, it k the duty, as well as the manliest interest of
the Government of the United Slates, to observe and man-
tain a strict neutrality between all Ihe belligerents. And,
in the event of a war. the lights of our citizens and the secu-
rity of our commerec demand the mantenance of the prin-
ciple heietofore asserted, and strenuously contended for by
this Government, but not hitherto admitted or established
as a law of nations—that free ships make flee goods, except
as to articles clearly known as contraband of war ; and that
the neutral fla" protects from unreasonable search and
seizure the ships bearing it. And also, that neuir.il properly
on board a vessel ofany of the belligerents i>, notsubjcot to
seizure and confiscation.
Resolved, That the President of the [Tinted States be re-
quested, if, m his opinion, not incompatible with the public
interests, to communicate to this House whether any, and
if any, what arrangements have been made, or what corre
snondence has taken place between this Government and
ativ of the Governments of Europe to establish the foregoing
principles as international law, and to protect the-neutrai
commerce of the United States in the event of a war be-
tween any of the Powers of Europe.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, is the introduc-
tion of these resolutions in order at this time?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. WALKER. Then I object to it.
Mr. DEAN. Then, Mr. Speaker, I move to
suspend the rules of the House, so as to enable me
to introduee it.
BOOKS FOR NEW MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. Before the House proceeds
to act on the motion of the gentleman from New
j York to suspend the rules, I beg leave to submit
I to the House a communication from the Clerk.
The following letter was thereupon read:
Clerk's OmoB, House of Representatives, >
Jipril 6,1854. \
Sir : To enable me to proceed to the execution of the
joint resolution approved February 24, 1854, ordering cer-
tain books for new members of the House of Representa-
tives, I addressed letters to the publishers earlyin the month
of March, inviting them to furnish the books voted. Hav-
ing received replies from all the publishers written to, it
appear* that they can furnish " Annals of Congress," " Sen-
ate Land Laws,"" Statutes at Large,"" Adams's Works,"
"Congressional Globe,"" Finance Reports," " Constitu-
tion," "Elliott's Debates," and {< American Archives,"
and that they cannot furnish the "State Papers," " Reports
of Debates,""Contested Elections," "Diplomatic Cor-
respondence," and " Alexander Hamilton's Works.''
The book* which the publishers cannot furnish, a book-
seller of this ciiy, who has supplied large numbers of the
same books to Congress, has made a written offer to fur-
nish at former prices and m a specified time, except the
"Diplomatic Correspondence" and "Alexander Hamil-
ton's Works;" but as the resolution seems to confine the
Clerk to purchases from the publishers, I have not felt at
liberty to give him positive orders withoutexpressauthortty .
of the Holtse.
The book known a«? "The Opinions of the Attorney#
General," specified in the resolution, embraces no opinions
of later date than 1841; and as there is? a very general desire
to have an edition bringing them down to the most recent
date, no inquiry lias jet been made of the publishers con-
cerning it. I respectfully ask further instructions from the
House on this point.
The resolution is understood, by the publishers of" Mayo'#
Treasury Regulation**," " Mavo & Moulton's Pension and
Bounty Land Laws," and " Hickey's Book of the Consti-
tution," to vote to the new members of the House the same
numbers of each of'the>e works as were received by the new
Senatois in the last Congress; but as this is doubtful, I
have declined giving orders for thein; and on this point,
also, respectfully await the action of the House.
' JOHN W. FORNEY. *
Hon. Linn Boyd,
Speaker of the House pf Representatives.
Mr. FAULE^NER. It is my purpose to ask
to have that communication referred to the Joint
Committee on the Library. But I suppose it
will meet with the general desire of the House to
have such a resolution adopted as will enable the
Clerk at once to execute the joint resolution for
the delivery of books to new members. With that
view I beg to offef the following resolution:
Resolved, That tlie Clerk of tlie House of Representa-
tives turnish, and deliver to each ot the Members and Dele-
gates ot the present Congress who have not already received
them, and pay for the same out of the contingent fund of
the House, the following books, being a portion of the
books voted to the members of former Congresses, viz.
" State Papers," " Register of Debates," " Contested
Elections," and "Alexander Hamilton's Works:" Provided)
The prices do not exceed those heretofore paid; and that,
instead of the "Opinions of Attorneys General," hereto-
fore supplied, he shall furnish and deliver the latest pub-
li-hed edition that can lie procured for fifteen dollars per
eopv, that beini; Ihe amount paid for the Attorney General's
Opinions in the Thirty-First Congress.
Mr. FAULKNER. It will be seen by the
House that the only effect of this resolution is this:
The joint resolution which passed the House of
Representatives and the Senate provides thatthesa
books shall be obtained from the publishers. The
publishers, as I learn from correspondence now
before me, have declared their inability to furnish
them, and the only effect of this resolution is to
enable the Clerk, at the same price, to obtain them
elsewhere, otherwise the joint resolution will be
nueatory.
Mr. HAVEN. I think this resolution and the
communication from the Clerk ought to take a
different direction from the one that has been in-
dicated. I submit a motion that the said commu-
nication be printed, and that the resolution and
communication also be referred to the House
members of the Joint Committee on the Library.
The reason why I make this motion is, that there
is a law against furbishing certain books, and the
effect of that law is only avoided by the joint res-
olution passed by the House and the Senate at
the present session, and in the mode pointed out
by that joint resolution. I submit that we snail
run against and counter to that law ot the last
session, if we undertake to furnish these books,
out of the contingent fund. I suggest to the
House that this communication had much better
be so referred, that the House may be put m pos-
session, through a report of that committee, of the
price and terms on which purchases can be made,
! and be enabled to take such action as may be
' necessary, and'be deemed proper when such re-
port is made. _
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is one sub-
ject which the Clerk refers to in his communica-
tion which I think is not referred to in the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Faulk-
,ner ] It is as to the number of copiesof Hickey s
'Compilation of the Constitution, and some other
