884
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 10,
books, which are to be famished to members by
the Clerk, 3Now, there never has been any extia
copies of " Hickey's Constitution," or of those
other books, furnished to members of the House
for distribution. Each member, up to the piesent
Congress, has received one copy of that book to
make out his set of books ordered to be distributed
to him by the House.
The joint resolution which passed last Congress
is so worded that there shall be furnished to the
new members of the Senate and the House of the
present Congress, such books as were furnished
to the new members of the Senate and the House
of the last Congress. Under that reading of it,
the publisher of that book claims that he has a
right, as I understand, to furnish the same number
of copies of that Constitution for each new mem-
ber of this House that was furnished to the mem-
bers of the Senate during last Congress. Such,
sir,'i conceive, was not the intention of the reso- ;
lution, nor was it the understanding of the House, !
at the time it passed this House. The object and 1
intention of the joint resolution which passed at |
the piesent Congress, was to furnish to each mem-
ber one copy of such books as have heretofore i
been distributed to members for their own use. j
Mr. FAULKNER. That was precisely the ,
object which i had in view when T asked a lcfei- •
ence of that communication to the Joint Commit- J
tee on the Library. 1 concur entirely with the 1
views of the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. 1
Jont.s,] and desire to obtain fiom that joint com-
mittee an explanatory resolution, which will leave |
no room for controversy, nor any doubt of Us cor- |
rect interrelation, as contended for by that gentle- 1
man and myself. • j
Mr. JONES. Then I hope the resolution and
communication will be referred as proposed; and ,
with the further suggestion, that whatevei the com- 1
mittee may report hack upon (his subject, they
will riot repoit that the^e books shall be paid fur
out of the contingent fund of the [louse.
That, sir, has not been customary. I think, if
you will look back at every Congress since the
Twenty-Eighth, you will find that there has been
a specific appropriation, either in a deficiency or
general appropriation bill, to pay for these books.
The item for furnishing the e hooks to the new
membeis of this Congress will alone amount to,
1 suppose, .it least $150,000. The Cleik has not
furnihhed the pieci.se sum; but I suppose it will
amount to at least that. 1 think it ahoul'l appear
in a general appropriation bill, as a specific appro-
priation for that purpose. 1 hope, therefoie, that
the provision contained in the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia, piopnsmg to pay this
amount out of the contingent fund, will not be
adopted.
Mr. RICHARDSON. I move the previous
question upon the resolution.
Mr. WASUJUJRNE, of Illinois. 1 hoj^ my
colleague will withdiaw that motion for a moment,
to allow me to offer an amendment.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The motion is to refrr
the resolution to the Committee on Punting, and
any amendment that may be necessary can be
made there.
Mr. WASflBfJRIVE. It was with reference
to that motion that i wished to oiler an amend-
ment. I wished to pi ovule that the committee
have leave to report at any time.
Mr. RICHARDSON. The Committee on
Printing is a privileged committee, and has the
right to repoit at anytime, Without any special
order upon the subject. I insist upon my demand
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was taken, and the resolution
referred to the Committee on Printing.
THE RIGHTS OF NEUTKU.S.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Deal's
motion to suspend the rules to enable him to in-
troduce his resolutions.
Mr RICHARDSON. I ask that the resolutions
may be again read.
The SPEAKER, They will be again read,
unless objection is made.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I object.
The SPEAKER. The question will be put to
the House whether they shall be read.
The question was put, and the reading of the
resolutions ordered.
The Cleik again read the resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is it in order to say any-
thing in favor of the adoption of the resolutions?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Debate is not in
order upon the motion to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and, upon a division,
G5 rose in the affirmative.
Mr. WENTWORTH, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Upon a 'division, on the call for the yeas and
nays, 27 rose in the affirmative, and 70 in the neg-
ative.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I demand tellers on the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first ascer-
tain whether a quorum is present. The Chair
counted the number present, and found there weie i
]53—a quorum. i
Tellers on the yeas and nays were ordered; and |
Messrs. Phillips and Campbell were appointed. ,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DEAN. Before the Clerk proceeds to call '
the roll I would state to the House that the reso- i
lutions meet with the unanimous assent of the I
Committee on Foreign Affairs. |
The question was then put; and on a division, !
there were—yeas 103, nays 41; as follows: ,
YEAS—Messrs. Apploton, Bank-*, ilark^Ulii, Belcher, j
Benne!!, Benson, Bi^-< II, Burork, Carpenter, Ca^kie,:
r 'hamhei lam, Chandler, Cha^-tain. Chtirehwell, (.'lineman, i
Cobb, Cook, Ciotker, ('mil-., John (J. Davi*, Thomas ,
Davi-. Dean, Dent, Df ney, Ihinb.u.Dunham, Cddy, Kd*_'ei- 1
ton, Krhnauti-. Kdmmrd.-on, F.rliendi'P, Fnrl< y« Faulknoi, |
Fenlon, FJoience, Fuller, (Jreenwood, Oiey, Grow, An- !
drew J. Marian, Sampson \V. Harris, Wiley P. Harris, j
Miuunjrs Ilenn, Ihbbatd, l!ie-.tei, Howe, Hu^he-., lngei- j
soil, Daniel T. Jones, Kerr, Kiitied^e, Kmlz, Lane, l,.i- 1
iham, JLiiuMey, Maedonald, MeDon^all, Mac\, Maxwell,
Muhlleswaith, John (J. Millei, ATont-.on, Mnoa\ , Nieholi-, ,
Mordot a 1 Oliver, IVnni m, John I'ei k I'lnlii , I'ow
ell, I'uiyear, David llticlue, Thomas ililehev, ilohlnn.-,
Rowe, Kulfiti, Sapp, Sewatd, Sewnom, Shannon, Sliaw,
Shower, Simmon^, Singleton, Skelion,(Jerm Snmli, Sam-
uel A Stnslh, Snodyra---, Fiederiek P Stanton. Bu'lnnd II. ;
I Sianion, He^toi J.. steven--,Siratton, Amlrew Smart, John ]
I J. Ta> loi, John L. Taj lor, Thin - ton, I :pliam, \ ail. Van- i
i suit, Walbinine, Im.h 1 Washburn, John Wentworth, and |
! Daniel B. Wrmht-IM
NAVS—Me-srs). Willi* Alio*, Bail, Boyee, Budges.
Biijjji, Campbell, Chn-inan, Corwin, Co-\, Uulloin, F,ver-
Inirt, <Joode, Hamilton, Aaron Hailan, llatre-on, Il'ivon,
Hunt,(Jeoij;e \V. Jone^, Knox, l<t leliei, McMnllin, Mace,
Matte^on, Meaehiun. Noiton, Old-, Pnrket, Peck, f'eek-
ham, 1'i.tttj Wilimm ft. Smith. (Jeoiye W. Snivth,
Nathaniel (  Ta\lo), 'i'rru Pweed, Wade, Walker,
Kllihu H. Wa^hlnune, Wclh, and Zollicoilei—11.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. DEAN. The resolutions are now before
the 1 louse, I believe.
The SPEAKER. They are regularly before the
House.
Mr. DEAN. 1 do not intend to detain the
House by advocating the passage of these resolu-
tions, but I desire to htate whnt they contain.
Mr. WASHBU"RNE, of Illinois. I desire to
inquire if the resolutions are before the House?
The SPEAKER. The resolutions aie before
the body.
Mr, WASHBURNE. If debate arises upon
them, will they not go over under the rules?
Mr. DEAN. The rules have been suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules have been sus-
pended; and, among them, the rule requiring the
resolutions to ^o over if debate arises.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE. I supposed the rules
were suspended only to admit the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The rule to which the gen-
tleman refers applies only to resolutions intro-
duced upon a call of the States. These resolutions
are reeularlv before the body, and the gentleman
from New "JJork is properly on the floor.
Mr.W ASHBURNE. And are open to debate.
T he S P E A K E R. Th ey n re.
Mr. DEAN. 1 was saying, when the gentle-
man from Illinois interiupted me, tluU i did not
desire to debate these resolutions at this time, but
to state only to the House what they contain, and
the principles they are intended to enunciate.
The first resolution isa plain and distinct state-
ment of our duty to maintain neutrality in thewsr
between the different Powers of Europe, ft then
reasserts the doctrine that has been so often as-
serted by the people and Executive Deportment of
this Government, but which the judiciary of the
country has failed to sustain; for Chancellor
Kent says that international law, as understood
in this country and in Europe, establishes a con-
I trary rule. The Executive branch of our Gov-
| eminent irom its foundation, beginning with the
| Congress of the Confederation, and fiom that time
I to the present, has constantly, in its action and its
diplomacy, endeavored to establish the rule that
free ships make free goods, and the additional
proposition that the goods of neutrals on board the
ships of belligerents are also free from seizure or
confiscation. This the first resolution contains!
The importance of this subject at the present
crisis, when all Europe seems about engaging in a
destructive war, cannot be expressed or scarcely
estimated. The subject has been very recently
discussed in the British Parliament. The Minis-
try have been called upon to state what they in-
tend to do in reference to it. They have evaded
meeting and disposing of the question, and avoided
answering definitely what would be the action of
that Government.
The second resolution calls for the correspond-
ence between our Government and the Govern-
ments of any foreign Power upon this subject; and
I may be permitted to state here, what I think
will prove to be correct, that our Government has
been for the last nine months engaged in endeavor-
ing to get this principle established and admitted
as the law of nations, and that our representative
near the Court of St, James, in particular, has
ably and, I believe, successfully accomplished it,
so far as its recognition depends upon that Gov-
ernment. And it is admitted on all hands, that if
Great Britain, which is the Power that has at all
times prevented its being established, will unite
with us in saying that it shall hereafter be the law
of nations—not by a tieaty, but by a proclama-
tion, and by action during this war—it will here-
after be placed upon the firm basis of precedent aa
well as of natural right and justice.
I am informed that from the fact of its being
unknown to the mercantile community what our
Government inrends to do, and what will be the
action of the Government of Great Britain, insur-
ances in all our large ports have increased, and
that much anxiety is felt in reference ta-it. It is
due to our merchants at this time to let them know
what the action of the Government has been, and
what Congress intends to do—whether it is our
determination to carry out this doctrine at ail haz-
ards, or whether our meichant vessels must pro-
tect themselves, in the event of the war which
seems threatening and inevitable.
I have no particular choice as to the language to
be used, but 1 think that the Executive branch of
the Government and Congress ous;htnow to take
it* stand and say to the world, that this is our
principle, that we will not be driven from it, that
we will legislate to assert it, that we will negotiate
to secure it, and if need be that we will fight to
maintain it. If we can establish this doctrine, it
will be one of the proudest days in the annals of
American histojy, for it is emphatically our doc-
trine—one that we have contended for from the
days of the Revolution to the present time. I do
not desire to move the previous question.
Mr. BOCOCK. It strikes me that this is an
exceedingly important proposition, one that un-
dertakes to define the position that this Govern-
ment will occupy m regard to the war which is
impending in Europe. That ought to be done with
due deliberation, and after mature consideration.
Positions rashly taken are easily abandoned.
To give them weight and authority, these resolu-
tions ou<rht to have about them all the sanctions
of matured action upon the part of the Congress
of the United States. They are designed, as the
gentleman has said, to make known to our mer-
chants what they may rely on. They are intended
also to produce effect upon the action of other
countries. Will that result be produced by reso-
lutions introduced here in the morning hour, and
hurried through, without consideration? Ought
they not to be sent to the Committee on Foreign
A flans, and there discussed, examined, and care-
fully guarded in their wording ? If they take un-
tenable positions—which J by no means mean,
upon the slight consideration which I have given
them, to intimate, or if they are not strong
enough—that committee ought to have the oppor-
tunity to modify them, or make them stronger,
and if they are incautiously worded, that com-
mittee ought to have an opportunity to change the
phraseology. Whatever is done ought to be done
with care and deliberation.
I desire to make another suggestion before I take
