1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
175
cedent hereafter. I am willing to £oas far as any
gentleiium can fro in imiknig a suitable testimonial.
1 therefore think that if the honorable Senator
from Illinois will withdraw his resolution fur the
present, and permit the resolution of the Senator
from Maryland to go to his committee, it will be
the proper reference. 1 say again, I do not sug-
gest, this from desire to make any distinction be-
tween the two committees, but because it seems
to me that the subject belongs more properly to
the one than to the other.
Mr. G WIN. 1 have no pride about this subject,
and 110 desire except to do justice to those 'par-
ties tor whose benefit the resolution is intended;
but I will state to the Senator from Virginia, that
he is mistaken in regard to the chartering of the
San Francisco. The War Department shipped
on bonid of it a portion of a regiment arid provi-
sions; but the vessel was open to other passengers,
and received other passengers, and had other
passengers on board. The great loss has fallen,
it is tine, on the officers from that regiment, be-
cause a majority of the passengers belonged to it.
The vesse., I repeat, was not chartered l.y the '
War Department; it was open to other passengers
as other vessels were; hut inasmuch as this per- 1
tams to the ocean, and the subject has been
(nought before the Committee on'JN'aval Affairs
this morning by other members—not by myself— 1
I thought it was an appropriate reference, or I •
should have said nothing on the resolution of the •
Senator from Maryland. But as this js one of i
the smallest portions of the duty imposed on Con- !
gress, in consequence of this disaster—the making
a complimentary return to the officers and crews
of t hose ships who gallantly rescued our officers 
it is a matter trmmumal to rue where u shall  o. :
Mr. SHIELDS, It is wholly bo to me; and I ,
hope the Senator from Viigima will permit the :
resolution to remain as it stands. I agree with '
my honorable friend from Virginia, that this mat- j
ter proneily belongs to the military department; :
hut it matters very little to which committee it
goes. I will therefore withthaw my amendment, i
and permit a vote to be taken upon the resolution !
of the Senator from Maryland, and submit mine !
aftenvaids, as an independent proposition. !
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Senator I
from Maryland has modified Ins lesolution so as
to make the lelerence to the Committee on Mil- .
itury Als'ina. ;'j
Air. SHIELDS. I hope not. [|
Mr. MASON. I ho^e, with all respect to the
chairman ot that committee, that it will be done. '■
Mr. PEAUCE. It is of co-use a subject in-
different to me, whether the resolution to the 1
Committee on Military Allans, or the Committee
on Naval Affairs. 1 believe that I should have
acquiesced in the suggestion of tlie oen,Jt<>r fioni :
Virginia, but I find that the Senatoi from Illinois, ■
who is chairman of that committee, does not wi-di
it to go to his committee; for tlut leason i decline 1
to aiter the reference '!
Mr. BUTLER. I des're to make a smirle sug-
gestion. I understand from the Senator from lib- !
nois, the chaitman of the Committee on Mibfaiy
Affuis, that lie has had a communication on this ,
subject with the War Department. He has stated ,
so to the Senate. It then appears to the Senate,
that the War Department has aheady instituted ;■
inquiry upon this subject, and the information to ,
lie cornmimi< ated muM come through that Depart- ■
mem*, and when that much is announced to us—
that the Secretary of War has already taken the 1
initiative on this subject—it necessarily must be ;
under his official cognizance that we are to leceive
the information; and it, therefore, does seem to j
me that both parliamentary couttesy and propriety
require that tlie subject should go to the Commit-
tee on Military Allans.
I do not intend to go into some of the topics ,
which have i'een touched upon here; but the in-
fomicitio'i which shall be afforded mav disclose
mm.h tlmt we know nothing oi, and may touch
delicate questions of obligation upo > the part of
tins Government—may touch, sir, the liahnifies of
the owneis of the vessel; and I have no doubt that
it will show a very different decree of merit, so far
as regards the conduct of the ddieient officers
whom we intend to honor. It is presumed—and
I hope very properly presumed—that they are en- ,
titled to all that has been indicated; but how far
the owners of the vessel may be subject to habil-
ity, i cannot undertake to say. That will depend ii
upon the information furnished, and upon the
severe judgment of the Senate, in connection,
however, with that, I must say, whatever may be
the liability of the vessel, I cannot withhold here
the common opinion which was expressed to-
wards Us captain—Captain Watkms. Sir, the nine
cheers which were given to him on that occasion
Were the best language that can he pronounced on
any occasion so tar as regards himself.
Mr. BADGER, Mr. President, 1 have only one
regret in connection with this subject—that on a
resolution, oflered under such circumstances, and
with such purposes, there should appear to be
any difference of opinion 111 the Senate. I do not
thmk it a matter oi much importance whether the
resolution be directed to the Committee on Naval
Allans, or the Committee on Military Allaire. It
would be very proper for either committee. Nor
do I thmk that the consideiation should at all in-
fluence us^that the Secretary of War has instituted
mqunies for the puipose of ascertaining tke facts
of the case. Our committee can obtain the in-
formation, wherever it should be. Even if in itself
it were a little more deniable that the Mihtaiy
j Committee should have been named, 1 would not,
: (or one, alter the resolution from what it is as ;
! offered. With regard to the relative amount of
j t'nent, what may be the relative meritorious ser-
. vices rendered by the different persons connected
with the achievement, there is nothing m the reso-
I iution prejudging it.
| It is a simplediiection to theCommitteeon Na-
{ val Affairs tu imjuiie what would be a proper ac-
1 knowledgment of those services m respect to the
I seveia! parties connected with them. U the Com-
mittee on Naval Afkius fmd that no acknowledg-
ment is dur to ;oiy one of them, they will say so;
it they find that more is due to one than to another,
they will say so. 1 thmk it is a great deal bc-ttei,
fheief( te, tiiotu;li in itself not a matter of much
importance, to puss the resolution as it is offered.
iv'lr. HOUSTOA'. Mr. Piesident, I did not in-
tend to occupy a moment of the precious time of
the Senate this morning by any remarks; but it
seems fo me that these resolutions are distinct,
and piesent separate dutiesfor the respecfivecom-
mittees contemplated m them. It will be a matter
of some labor ioi each committee to examine all
the facts connected with the case. It will occupy
some tmie on the part of the Committee on Na-
val Affairs. It will also occupy much time 011 the ;
pait of the Committee on Military Affairs, if the ;
resolution of the honorable Senator from Illinois'
he referred to it. If I undei stand it, they are dis-
tinct 111 their chaiaeter, and sepaiate entirely m I
the puipose whn-h dictates them. Jn the first
place, the proposition was to impute what houoi
was due to ihe civilians, or maiitime gentlemen,
who interfered m the rescue and salvation of the
uew, ami to leheve, if possible, the vessel. It
is to ^certain what honor, on the part of this
Government, would be considered either compli-
mentary or lennumruhve to them. Th.it is one
distim t bianch of the subject, and 1 thmk a very
impoifant one. for we have no example of a case
so extiaoidmaiy as this—as to the fidelity of pur- ;
po.se with which these mere-mule gentlemen lay to, '
suttonnded the wieck, and iesr,ued the ciew. 1
believe, thet cfui e, that some honor worthy of this 1
Go v eminent, worthy of the humanity, and worthy
of the daring gallantry of these men, ought fo be
rendered to them Whatever remuneration is
necessary to he made to the soldfers on boaid,,
and whatever provision is mcessary to be made 1
for them, or for the survivors, and the heirs of!
those who perished, is another distinct pmt of the !
subject, separated and disconnected from the other !
entirely.
tiy referrng these subjects to different commit- 1
ties they will have an opportunity of making more
rapid pio'_rress, and the consequence will be, that
it will meet with more re)dy dispatch. We shall
thiw show the promptitude of this Government on
occasions of 1 ;is kmd.m giving expression to its 1
sense of obligation. and how it feels for the gen- i
trous conduct of t-iose ,vho rescued the ill-fated
bemgs who weie found on that wreck. It will
siio\v that this Government is never laggard in :
discharging us duty as the tenresentative of a i
generous people: for whatr-vet may be the action, |
no m.i'ter how generous and liberal towards those '
who arc to be lemuneratcd for their conduct, or
whatever may be the expression of Congress, I >
am satisfied that the American people will cheer- ii
fully respond to it. Well, sir, believing that it
will hasten the objects contemplated in this reso-
lution more rapidly by referring the resolution of
the honorable gentleman from Maryland to the
Committee on Naval Affairs, and the other to the
Committee on Military Affaus, and that it will
 <* be offering disrespect to either the Navy or
the War Departments, but will be simplifying
! matters and presenting them to the Senate more
, clearly, with less delay, and enable them to
ascertain with more dispatch, and perhaps with
equal justice, in the end, 1 am in favor of refer-
ing the resolution of the gentleman from Mary-
land to the Committee on Naval Affaus, and the
resolution of the Senatorfrom Illinois to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. 1 hese are the views
which I entertain. 1 insist that they are ri^ht. I
have confidence m the capacity and investigating
powers and industry of both committees; and I
hope they will harmonize in their acts. In my
humble opinion, this matter, to some extent, con-
cerns the public honor.
The question whs then taken on the resolution;
and it was adopted unanimously. '
Mr. bHIiiLDS. I now offer my proposition
as a distinct resolution, and hope n will be con-
sideied at this time.
The resolution, no inserted above, was consid-
ered by unanimous consent, and agreed to.
NEBRASKA TERRITORY.
Mr. DIXON stated to the Senate, that when
the bill to establish a territorial government m the
Teriitory of Nebiaska should come up for consid-
eration, he should offer the following amendment:
Sr.T. jhu] hp it further cnact ,'v I1.1t wo miieh of the
8th Mvtion of an act approved Match G, 18\?0. entitled
"An act to HUtlKHizi* tin- pi ople oi ihe Missouri Ten not v to
form ,1 eon-iitiiiion and Sun-  <.ven>mem, and j<>r the ad-
1111^-1011 ot Midi State into tin- Union on an equal looim"
with (lie oiimnal Suites, and to piolnbit -daveiy 111 ceit.tm
'i'eiri iics," asiieclatcs5- Til-it in all tint tcintoi y reded by
Fiance to the Tinted States, unde? Hie name of LoniMana,
which lies north ot ; (, degrees 30 luumles north latitude,
daveiv and involuntaiy mm v midc, otherwi.>c than in the
piumhmeut ot ernn^ w hcieofthe parties shall hav been
dulv convicted, shall be forever prohibited," shall not lie so
construed as to apply to the To ntoi y e«n!e )pJated by |Jns
ael, 01 lo any olliei Territory of the United S?ales ; but (hat
the citizens of tiie <e\era! States or Terntorie^ s-hail be at
iibei ty to take and hold their slaves within any of the Ter-
ritoi ics of the United State.s. 01 ot the States to he formed
thereiiom, U thcf-aid act, entitled as aforesaid, and ap-
proved asafoiosutd, had never been passed.
That Senators might be afforded an opportunity
to consider it, he moved that the amendment be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received fiom the House of
Representatives, by Mr. McKevn, Chief Clerk,
announcing' that it had passed the bill from the
Senate to re^uh'te the disbursement of the contin-
gent fund ot the Senate, and for other purposes,
with various amendments, in which it asked the
conrurienoe of the Senate.
The bill, 011 motion by Mr. HUNTER, was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, that it had passed a bill to secure the
riohiK of citizenship to the children of citizens born
out of the limits of the United States. Also, that
it had passed the bill from the Senate to continue
in force the act entitled "An act to ascertain and
settle the private hind claims in the State of Cali-
fornia," and for other purposes.
Also, that it had passed a bill to amend an act
entitled t( An act to divide the State of Arkansas
into two judicial districts," approved Match 3,
lbol.
A ho, that if had passed Senate hill changing the
name of the Ameiican-bmlt steamer Falcon to that
of Q,ueen City; and had 1 ejected the bill prescrib-
ing the manner of appointing the Assistant Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
COMMITTEE ON PENSIONS.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore appointed Mr.
Ai.len an additional member of the Committeeon
Pensions, in accordance with a motion by Mr.
Jones, of Iowa, adopted January 5, 1854.
PETITIONS, ETC.
Mr. G-WIN presented the petition of the Sac-
ramento, Aubu-n, and Nevada Railroad Compa-
ny, pruying the right of way and a donation of
land in aid of the construction of their railroad;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
