1744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
July 14.
courts of the States in which the land may hap-
pen to he; and that if the right of the negro to
the~tand, under this act, depends upon his right
to citizenship, a court believing in the doctrine of
the higher law power, as well as of the equality
of negroes with white men, will not only decide
in favor of the legality of such title, but also of
the right of the negro to citizenship. If the hon-
orable Senator would not make" citizens of ne-
groes, or enable others to do so, and thereby con-
cede to the Abolitionists a right which they have
contended for so long, and so zealously, and
which has been resisted with so much firmness by
those who would keep up a distinction between the
white and black races, it would be well for him to
vote for the amendment. Senators opposed to
slavery contend that the amendment is unneces-
sary, and that the object intended to be attained
by iris accomplished without it; but this,.as 1 said
before, may or may not be, but of one thing I
am certain, that in caution there is safety, and
that it is unwise to trust those whom you know
to be your enemies, and who are " armed to do
you to death."
Mr. STUART. The Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him. 1 am very anxious to save
time upon this bill as far as we can; and I believe
1 may say that the friends of the measure will i
consent to the modification which he proposes, '
though the section means without it what it will do
with it.
Mr. DIXON". I want no controversy about it;
but I wish to say to the Senator, that I do not be-
lieve it means without it what it will with it, and
believing that it does not, I shall vote against the
section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered upon the amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not think that the argu-
ment of the Senator from Tennessee answers the
objection made to this section, as it stands, with-
out the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky. The right to become a citizen of the
United States is prescribed m the naturalization
laws, and is given only to white persons, but a
general declaration of intention may be made by a
party who will never become entitled to become a
citizen, who may not comply with the subsequent
requisitions, who may become incapacitated by
some subsequent event from carry ins out his dec-
laration of intention. Well, now, by a declara-
tion of intention a person does not renounce his
allegiance, because the renunciation of allegiance
is only made when he is admitted to be a citizen
The declaration of intention may be made before
any clerk of a Slate court in this country. Under
this law, as it stands, as I read it, if any individ-
ual  
Mr. STUART. I suggest to the Senator from
Delawaie that the friends of the bill will agree to
the amendment.
Mr BWARD. If that is the case, I will not
detain the Senate longer.
Mr. CHASE. I shall vote against the amend-
ment, in the first place, because i regard it as nu-
gatory. It has been demonstrated upon this floor
that the change proposed will effect nothing at all.
The naturalization law, as it now stands, confines
the ri«ht of naturalization to free white persons.
Upon that policy, at this time, I express no
opinion; but the law as it stands is explicit. I
shall vote against the amendment, in the second
place, because if the law were otherwise, and the
amendment could have any practical effect u would
be inhuman and unjust. There is hardly a State
in this Union in which colored persons are norper-
rmtted to hold lands. To extend to them the full
benefits of this hi'1 would only recognize in them
that capacity to hold real estate, which is secured
to them by the laws of North Carolina and of
Virginia, just as much as by the laws of Ohio and
Massachusetts. I shall therefore vote against the
amendment, in the first place, because it is nuga-
tory, and in the second place, because it is inhu-
man and unjust; and I doubt whether the friends
of the bill will promote its chances by agreeing
to it.
Mr. CASS. I think myself it is a great deal
better to agree to the amendment. The bill wants
support; it wants aid; and here are gemlemen
who, unless the amendment prevails, will vote
a£«inst it. Now, Mr. President, the first section
of the bill confines its provisions to free white
persons. The provision that operates upon every
person born in the United States, operates upon
white persons only. No colored person born in
theUnited States can take advantage of it. Should
we extend to foreigners a greater privilege than to
our own citizens r I am very clear, in my mind,
that the provisioriis unnecessary. I believe my-
self that the latter clause excludes every person
who is not white; that a colored person cannot,
as has been justly contended, take advantage of
the naturalization laws, and therefore cannot take
advantage of this law. It has been said that he
can file a declaration of intention. I say a decla-
ration is a void act if the person has no right to
become naturalized. It is perfectly void; it gives
no right; it is a mere piece of waste paper. But i
repeat, we ail agree that the two provisions should
be the same. Some of us contend that they are
so-, others say they are not; but I believe every
man on the floor contends they should be. That
being the case, and doubts being raised by some I
gentlemen, I am willing to vote for the amend- ]
merit and remove the doubts; and I am the more
willing to do so, because I do not want to lose
a single vote to the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. The honorable Senator from
Ohio [Vlr. Chase] objects to theameodment upon
two grounds. The first is, that it would be nuga- '
tory; the second is, that it would be eminently
unjust. It would be unjust, as he intimates, be-
cause it is unjust io deprive negroes of holding
property in the Teriitories. Does he mean to say
that the clause, as it stands, will permit them to
come in under the bill? Is that what he means?
Mr. CHASE. I said that the amendment, in
my opinion, was nugatory, and in that respect the
honorable Senator correctly represents me. 1 said
that if it was effective, it would be unjust; that is to
say, if it were to accomplish this object—if the
present bill did allow colored persons to participate
in the benefits of the enactment, and theamendment
should exclude them—that operation of it would
be unjust. I do not suy that it has that operation;
on the contrary, I said quite the reverse.
Mr. JVxALLORY. i t strikes me tlmt it is emi-
nently proper to insert the provision here, as it is
in the first clause of the bill. The States, by
their own legislation, have determined what are
the disqualifications of colored persons. There
are certainly many classes of colored blood who
do become naturalized citizens of the United
States. We witness every day in the courts, that
persons with negro blood in their veins have be-
come citizens. If the objection be made in south-
ern States to their coming into the witness box,
or to obtaining other privileges, that they are col-
ored persons, they are set aside. In such a case,
when it should be discovered that they were im-
properly naturalized, under this clause of the bill
they would, notwithstanding, hold a patent to the
lands, although they might not be citizens of the
United States in the courts for any other purpose.
Mr.CLAYTON. Although I have a fixed and
settled opinion upon this question, as to whether
a black, or any other than a white person, can
become a citizen of the United States, yet as by
many it is regarded as an exceedingly interesting
question,! desire to make a remark. I remember,
sir, very well, that in the year 1849, applications
were made to the Department of State for pass-
ports for other than white persons. I refused
them, on the ground that a passport contains a
certificate that the person who receives it is a citi-
zen of the United States; and as I did not concur
m the opinion that any but a white person could
be a citizen ofthe United States,I declined giving 1
the passports. But, sir, I found immediately that ]
I was assailed by a great portion of the northern ;
press, and by many respectable persons at the
North, who seemed to thmk that the point was
not correctly settled at the Department. I have
never changed my opinion upon the subject; but
that opinion to which I refer, that colored persons
can become citizens of the United States, and are
citizens of the United States, is entertained by a
very respectable and considerable portion of the
people of the northern States. A provision in the
Constitution of the United Statesdeclares that " the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." If, then, it was argued a colored man
could be a citizen of Massachusetts, he is a citi-
zen of the United States; and so they held he was
entitled to a passport. My opinion is now as I
said it was in 1849; but the very fact that such a
question was raised then, and that the Depart-
ment was extensively assailed upon that ground,
shows the necessity and importance of the amend-
ment proposed. If there be any doubt at all upon
this subject, it is the duty of the Senate to amend
this bill, to make it as clear as possible, and to
declare that none but white persons shall enjoy
the benefits of this act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, I shall vote for
the amendment because the friends of the bill want
it; but 1 do it with the express declaration, that I
do not admit thereby that it is possible under the
Constitution of the Urfited States for a negro to
become a citizen of the United States.
Mr. SHIELDS. I really think it makes no
difference whatever how i vote in this case; bat
as i see how my friends are voting, I shall vote
" yea."
Mr. PETT1T. I decidedly concur with the
Senators from Tennessee and Illinois, that it is
utterly impossible that a negro can become a citi-
zen, and consequently that it is utterly impossible
for him to enjoy thebenefitsof this bill; but 1 shall
vote u yea."
The question being taken by yeas and naya, re-
sulted—yeas 37, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Atehi-on, Badger, Bayard, Bell,
Benjamin, Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Cap* CUv,
Clayton, Dawson, Dixon, Dmigfae, fivans, Fitzpatriefc,
Gcycr, Houston, Hunter, Johnson, Jones of Tennps-ee,
Mallory, Mason, Pearce, Pettft, Pratt, Rusk, Sebastian,
Shields, Slide)!, Smart, Thompson ot Kentucky, Toucey,
Welter, and William*—37.
NAYS—Messrs, Alien, Chase, Dodge of Towa, Fes«en-
den, Fi?h, Foot, Gillette, Hainlin, Jamesj, Jonei of Fowa,
Norris, Rockwell, Seward, Sumner, Wade, and Walker
—16.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEN'S name was, in the first'place,
recorded "yea," but he subsequently said: I
wish to have my vote changed. There was a
mistake in it. J intended to say " no;" I see it
is entered 14 yea" on the list. The name of my
colleague [Mr. James] is not entered at all; he
votes the same way.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The change
can only be made by unanimous consent.
There was no objection, and the vote was
changed accordingly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is still
another amendment pending, offered by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [Mr. Dixon.] It is to add
at the end of the sixth section the following:
Provided* That tho benefits of this act sh-tl! not extend
to tUe chi'dren, heirs, or devisees* of aliens hnrn out of the
United State*, and not entitled to citizenMnp.
Mr. DIXON. I think that every Senator who
will examine the second section of the bill, in con-
nection with this section, will see that an alien,
who, having obtained the benefit of the act, on
the declaraiion of his intention to become a citi-
zen, dies, he may, if he chooses, devise his lands
to any person; and if he makes no dense, the
operation of the two sections together would cast
the lands upon the children of the alien. I am
not myself in favor of giving the benefits of this
bill to persons who are not citizens, or who will
not become citizens. I am in favor, when an
alien declares his intention to become, and does
actually become, a citizen, of giving him the full
benefit of it; but if he does not become a citizen,
I am not for extending to his children, who at e
not citizens, rights which they would not other-
wise have had. I think every Senator who will
examine the two sections will see the propriety of
the amendment as I do.
Mr. CASS. I see a hardship in this case. It
is this : A man enters upon his land, remains on
it for four or five years, makes it valuable, and
dies, leaving minorchildren who would have been
citizens by our law on his becoming a citizen, but
who are not so by his death; what is then to be-
come of this properjy? Is it to be forfeited ?
Mr. DIXON. I would say to the honorable
Senator that the provisions of this act will extend
its benefits to aliens, who are grown persons, if
they should happen to be children of an alien
who has made his declaration of intention to be-
come a citizen, and who dies without becoming a
citizen. I presume rhe honorable Senator would
not be in favor of extending- the provisions of the
act to a person living in England or anywhere
else, at the time of the death of his ancestor, he
being an alien who has entered upon the public
lands.
Mr. CASS. I suggest to the Senator whether
