1854.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
iron, imported within the period of two years from and
afser the passage of this act, may declare, under oath, on
the entry thereof, that the said iron is exclusively designed
and mtendod t<  be used in the construction or repairs of a
road or roads within the United States, or the Territories
thereof, and thfsaid iron shall be entered for warehousing,
and may he withdrawn, in any quantity not less than one
ton, on due entry for that purpose to be used as aforesaid,
at any time within five years from the date of importation,
or payment for such charge for storage as may have accrued
thereon: Provided, That the owner, importer, or con-
signee, shall, with one or more sureties, to the satisfaction
of the collector of the customs at the port of entry, be-
come bound to the United States in double the amount of
the dunes theteon to pay the legal duties and charges on
said iron, with interest thereupon at the rate of six per
cent, per annum until paid, on or before the expiration of
five years, from and after the date of importation, and to
furnish within that period proof, to th« satisfaction of the
Secrrury of the Treas-ury, that the iron so bonded and
withdrawn has been actually us*d iiuhe construction or re-
pairs of a road or roads, as aforesaid; andif such satisfac-
tory proof cha!I not be so furnished within the period afore
said, the whole penal sum named in said bond shall be for-
feited and paid to the United States : And provided farther.
That if the iron bonded and withdiawn from warehouse as
aforesaid, shall, at any time within the said period of five
years, he used for any other puipose than the construction
of a road or road* within the United States, or the Territo-
ries thereof, the whole penalty of the bond shall be at once
forfeited to the United States, which foifeiture may be en-
forced by due process of law in any court of competent
jurisdiction.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the owner, im-
porter, or consignee of any railroad iron now hi waiehouse
under bond may, at any tune within the period allowed by
exi-ting provisions ot law for such iron to remain in ware-
house, file with the collector of the customs having the
chargc and custody of the iron, the declaration, and execute
the bond prescribed in the first section of this act, where-
upon the bond given on the original entry shall be canceled,
and the said owner, impoiter, or consignee, shall become
entitled to all the privileges and be subject to all the require
ments, conditions, and penalties specified in this, act: Pro-
vided, That where a raihoad is wholly owned b> a State,
no other security shall be required tlvan a bond binding the
property in said road for the payment of the duties a> herein
piescnbed ; and in all ca>es those representing file railroad
may elect to give either the pert-onai security above men-
tioned, or a lion upon the railroad and its property at their
pleasure.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That before the owner,
importer, or consignee of such railroad iron shall be entitled
to the benefit of this act, the president and duectors of the
road oi road<, for which the benefit" of this act aie claimed,
shall entoi into an agreement to tram-putt the mads of the
United States, upon the terms and conditions now pre-
scribed by Jaw.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to strike out all that
portion ofthe bill which forfeits double the amount
of the duty. It will be perfectly useless to make
such a provision, if any unforseen event should
occur, and the company could not pay the amount
to recover double the amount as is proposed by
the bill. In such a case it seems to me that Con-
gress would release it. 1 think the provision for
the payment ofthe debt and interest is amply suf-
ficient.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
from Mississippi that I havean amendment which
I design to offer to the substitute of the commit-
tee, and which, if it meets with his approbation,
will dispense with the necessity for his amend-
ment. . ,
Mr. ADAMS. Then I withdraw the amend-
ment. _ , . . _
Mr. DOUGLAS. The substitute that I offer
is to this effect: instead of giving a credit on rail-
road iron for a limited time, we suspend the duty
on railroad iron until the 1st of July, 1857; be-
cause if you give a credit I am not certain that
you render any substantial assistance to the rail-
road interest under the bill. You will have an
uncertain debt suspended over the company in,
perhaps, the expectation that Congress may remit
the penalties and duties when they become due,
withoutany certainty of such remission. You tell
the railroad companies, therefore, to be ready to
meet a debt when they hope not to be requ'red to
meet it; and i am afraid you neither benefit the
TrcVsury nor the railroad interest of the country
by a proposition of that kind. We have now a
surplus of money m the Treasury. _ We have a
larger revenue than we desire. It is our duty,
if vve intend propeily to reduce the revenue within
the necessary demands of the Government, to
adopt some such measure as this. Between this
and 18.57 I do not think we shall need tne revenue
arising from importation of railroad iron I know
of no item upon which you can take on the reve-
nue with greater facilities and advantages to the
great material interests of the country than upon
this item. For that reason I propose, instead ®r
giving; a credit of five years, that we suspend the
duties until the first day of July, 1857. I\ien,
when the period expires, the duty is again to be
levied as it now exists without any other legisla-
tion, unless Congress in the mean lime determine
to extend or change it. The substitute which I
offer provides for this and for nothing else. It is
to strike out of tjje substitute reported from the
committee, all after the word "that," and insert
the following:
Where it shall be satisfactorily proved to the Secretary
of the Trtasury that any railroad iron imported since the
first day of July, 1853, and prior to the passage of tins act,
tor the purpose of being applied to the construction or re-
pair of any railroad, has been actually laid down on any
railroad, he shall allow a drawback of the duties on such
railroad iron, so laid down, or if the duties shall have been
actually paid, lie shall refund the same to the company or
party thus laying down said iron.
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That so much of any
law now in force, as imposes a duty oil tmpoited railroad
iron, be suspended from and alter the passage of tins act,
until the l.-t day of July, 1857; and no duties or revenue
shall be collected on railroad iron from foreign countries
prior to the said 1st day of July, 1857 : Provided, however,
That at the time of such importation, the importers shall
execute to the United States a bond, with such sureties and
such penalties as the Secretary of the Treasury shall direct,
to be approved by said Secretary, conditioned that said iron
is bona fide imported for the purpose of being used tor rails
for railroads, and for no other puipose, and to be laid down
and actually used by the person or companies so importing
the same, within two years from the time of importation,
and upon due proof furnished to the said Secretary of the
Treasury that said iron has been so laid down and used, the
said bonds shall be given up and canceled : Jlnd provided,
faither, That no iron shall be considered as railroad iron,
vviihm the meaning of this act, except such as is prepared
to be laid down as rails upon railroads, without further
manufaetuie.
Mr. WALKER. There is a case for which the
bill, as reported by the committee, provides, which
1 do not think is provided for by the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois. It is that contained
in the second section of the committee's amend-
ment, where an importation has already taken
place, and bonds have been given. It provides
that those cases shall have some relief.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will state to the Senator
that the proposition which 1 make provides for
all importations since the first of July last.
Mr. BADGER. Allowing a drawback of the
duties.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Giving a drawback of duties;
otherwise it might operate injuiiously on import-
ations made within a short time past.
Mr. BADGER. I desire to say that I very
decidedly prefer the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Illinois to the substitute reported by
me from the Committee on Finance. 1 think it-
has every recommendation, and 1 do not see that
it can lead to any material debate. In the first
place, it applies to railroad iron which is to be
used for rails, and to no other species of railroad
iron. In the next place, it applies to that railroad
iron which is imported ill such a condition as that
it can be laid down without further manufacture.
In the third place, it proposes a suspension for
I three years of the acts of Congress levying duties,
I and by giving it a retroactive effect, it becomes,
j in fact, the proposition which the Senator from
1 Illinois submitted last Congress giving a suspen-
sion of these duties on railroad iron.
I think it has manifold advantages. In the first
place, as he has said, our revenue is now ample, j
To give a credit, in the terms proposed by the !
substitute, upon the importer or company giving 1
bonds for the payment of the amount of duties and |
! interest, is to give nothing to the company except j
; the mere delay of payment; but under the provi- <
■ sions of the Senator's amendment there will be a j
real, beneficial encouragement extended to this [
great and iraooitant enterprise. There is scarcely :
a possibility'that within three years the Govern- .
ment wili need the revenue derived from the duties
on railroad iron, for any of the purposes of the
Government. Confining the suspension to that
short period, we may be sure that no injury will
be done to the Government; arid if in the mean
time any change shall lake place which makes it
necessary that the Government shall receive the
advantage of revenue upon imported railroad iron,
as the Senator from Illinois has said, we will have
nothing to doatthe expiration of the time; but the
duties will be levied as if this act had not passed.
It seems to me, with the fieasury oveiflowing,
that this is as small a benefit as Congress can be
expected to extend to these great enterprises all
over the country, which tend so much to the pros-
\ perity, not only of individual portions, but to the
1 advancement, the connection, the cultivation of in-
I tercourse, the exchange of commodities, and the
I establishment of good^feeling, and of united, patri-
otic friendship among the different members of
this great confederacy. I hope that my friend,the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, [Mr.
Hunter,] will have no objection to this amend-
ment, but that he will prefer it to the substitute
reported by the direction of the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to this bill, I vote
under instructions. I regard the proposition of-
fered as an amendment by the Senator from Illi-
nois, as nearer to the instructions than the other;
and I incline to think that it is a good financial
expedient, as our revenue is greater than the
wants of the Government demand.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to ask the honorable
Senator from Virginia, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, whether he can give me a
general idea of how much the revenue derived
from the duties on railroad iron amounts to?
Mr. HUNTER. The duty on railroad iron,
manufactured, rolled, or otherwise, is about
$4,600,000.
Mr. SEWARD. I suppose that is correct. I
have not now access to the tables to verify it. t
shall not now detain the Senate by discussing this
subject as fully as I intended to do. The propo-
sition offered by the Senator from Illinois is simi-
lar to the one which he offered at the last session,
and vfrhich was withdjawn.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was withdrawn not be-
cause of objection to it, but because it was deemed
improper to attach it to a general appropriation
bill.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator from
North Carolina [Mr. Badger] will introducea bill
giving credit for, or even suspending the duties
upon the railroad iron imported«for thecompletion
uf the railroad in that State which he has espe-
cially under his care, I will vote for it with the
greatest pleasure in the woild. I will do so, be-
cause I think that a very necessary,a very useful,
and a very great work; and 1 think that the region
of country where it is to be made, requires and
ought to receive such a favor at the hands of Con-
gress. 1 am free to say that I would vote for that
as an exception to the general law which is now m
force; but 1 cannot agree with the general policy
now proposed. The proposition of the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Docgi.as] is to remit the duties
on railroad iron for three years. I think that worse,
in one respect, than to remit them indefinitely; be-
cause it will, for the future, render everything, in
regard to the manufacture of railroad iron in this
country, uncertain and unreliable.
It will, so far as it goes, discourage the estab-
lishment of manufactories for the making of rail-
road iron; and will probably have the same effect
now as if the measure were the abolition of the
duties on railroad iron altogether. Then, soon
after we shall have got into this period of three
years, those who are interested in the construction
of railroads, and those who are interested jtl the
manufacture of railroad iron in this country, will
be brought to the consideration of the question of
what will probably be the action of Congress—
whether they will, at the expiration of the time,
remove the duties altogether, or whether they will
1 suffer them to be restored ? Here will be a field
| of perplexing and dangerous speculation, amount-
I ing almost to gambling on the policy of the coun-
try. . . . ,
I think, therefore, that the proposition is ob-
jectionable on the ground that it introduces uncer-
tainty into the financial system of the Government,
so far as it operates upon the importation and on
the manufacture of railroad iron—great and exten-
sive interests in this country. Again, 1 do not
see that because there is, at this moment, a sur-
plus in the Treasury of the United States, we are
able to say with confidence that it would be safe
to reduce our revenues at this particular junctuie.
Sir, this is a moment of great interest and fever-
ish anxiety throughout the commercial world.
We cannot contemplate the aspect which Europe
presents, without seeing that there is to he, m all
human probability, a general war pervading the
continent of Europe, and reaching even into the
continent of Asia. We see that "a vast amount of
capital in Europe has already been begun to be
withdrawn from its accustomed investment.-, and
converted into loans for the support of the armies
aud navies of belligerent nations. VVe see that
loans have been made by France, by Turkey, and
by Austria; and that loans are attempted to be
made by Russia. We know, also, that England
