178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jan. 46,
painful suspense which for a period of ten days has hung
over the fate of those on board the ill-starred vessel, that
suitable action should be had by an American Congress, in
consideration of the gallant and heroic conduct of those
who, governed by the generous impulses of brave hearts,
risked their lives, and periled the safety of the vessels in
which they were embarked, m affording comfort and suc-
cor to the officers, crew, and passengers of the San Francis-
co, by which act of daring and praiseworthy humanity five
hundred souls were saved from an awful and painful death
which stared them in the face, and to which, but for such
providential intervention, they would have soon been has-
tened: Beit
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled,
That the sincere and heartfelt thanks of an American
Congress are extended to those gallant men who com-
manded the American bark Kilby, the British ship Three
Bells, and the American ship Antarctic, for their heioic,
humane, and gallant conduct, asdisplayed in their untiring
efforts to restore to their friends and country the unfortu-
nate persons for whose safety the liveliest interest has been
f&lt wherever the disaster to the steamship San Francisco
has been made known.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be au-
thorized and requested to have suitable medals struck off,
commemorative of this sad event, to be presented, with
copies of these resolutions, to all who were engaged in the
act of safety afforded to theolficersand troops of the United
States.
Resolved, That in view of the sad effects of the calamity
to the San Francisco, and the pecuniary loss sustained by
the survivors and those who met a watery grave, the Sec-
retary of Wai is instructed to afford such relief to the sur-
vivors and their families, as shall, in his judgment, seem to
be just and proper; and report such action, at an early pe-
riod, to this Congress.
Pending the reading of the above,
Mr. WALSH, rising to a point of order, said:
There is so much noise in this part of the Hall that
I cannot possibly pay proper attention to those
soul-thrilling resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen must resume their
seats, and preserve order.
Mr. CHANDLER. I accept the addition sug-
gested by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Cutting.]
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow all these propositions to be
referred at once to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. That would be the best ref-
erence.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; we want a special
committee. The Committee on Military Affairs
has nothing to do with the subject.
Mr. FAULKNER. This subject has already
in one form been referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and the proposition of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cutting] directly
calls for the action of that committee in another
and more extended form. I suggest, therefore,
whether it would not be better to let the whole
subject go before them, and let them make an early
report upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is necessary that it
should go to a joint committee, and there is no
joint committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a point of order.
I hold that the gentleman from Pennsylvania has
no right to yield the floor to others for the purpose
of reading essays on the subject, nor has he a
right to yield it for the purpose of debate, nor has
he a right to debate himself. If he will present
the question upon his own proposition, discon-
nected from any proposition to pay for services,
and to give pensions, and all that sort of thing, I
shall vote for it very cordially; if not, I am in fa-
vor of the reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. FLORENCE. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order.
Mr. BISSELL. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me a moment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BISSELL. I only desire to make a single
remark. I wish to say that it is clothing and food
that these poor fellows want; and they want them
now. They arrived in New York without a
change of clothing, with icicles dangling from
their garments. They want food; they want
clothing immediately. They have drawn three
months' extra pay, and used it up. I think that
when we have attended to the matter of supplying
them with food and clothing, that we may then,
if we choose, adopt the resolutions giving medals
and votes of thanks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I will remark 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to the gentleman from Ohio ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I think that gentlemen
are taking too much advantage of my good na-
ture this morning.
At the request of several members, Mr. Chand-
ler's proposition was again read.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 move, Mr. Speaker, a
reference of the whole subject to the Committee
an Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that my proposi-
tion will not take that course. In the first place,
the Committee on Military Affairs is not a joint
committee; and in the next place, it does not
officially and professionally know anything about
the risks which have been incurred—not only risk
of life, but imminent risk of property—and of
danger incurred by violation of charters and things
of that kind. All this should go before a special
committee. I move, therefore, that the resolution
be adopted. I accept, as a modification of my
proposition, if it be thought proper, the resolu-
tions which were read by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Cutting.]
At the request of several members, and by
unanimous consent, the resolutions of Mr. Cut-
ting were again read.
Mr. HAMILTON. In my judgment, this
whole subject should be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. Will the Chair be pleased to 1
state whether the resolutions are before the House |
for consideration?
The SPEAKER. They are before the House
by its unanimous consent.
| Mr. CHANDLER. The gentleman from New
I York [Mr. Cutting] authorizes me to say that
I he withdraws his resolutions, which were accepted
by me as a modification of my proposition.
Mr. CUTTING. I desire my resolutions to go
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of my resolution.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I would appeal to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to withdraw his
call for the previous question but a single mo-
ment.
[Cries of "Withdraw!" "Hold on to the
call!" &c.]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that all of the
resolutions presented touching this question be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. It
was my purpose to have requested that they be
sent to the Committee on Commerce, and there-
fore had prepared a couple of resolutions with
that view. I know that the patience of the House
is now exhausted on the subject; but, if it be the
general pleasure, I will read them.
[Cries of " Read, read!" "Object, object!"]
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I can only assure gen-
tlemen that they are infinitely briefer than any of
those which have already been presented.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman objecting to
the reading of the resolutions will please rise in
his place and object.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the reading of
the resolutions.
Mr. CHAN DLER. I have not withdrawn my
call for the previous question.
Mr. WALSH, i simply desire to ask a
question for information. Will the motion which
J has just been made carry all of the propositions
, to the Committee on Military Affairs?
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
; York [Mr. Cutting] has withdrawn so much of
, the proposition as was included m the proposition
: presented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Chandler] as he himself presented; so that
, the resolutions originally offered by the gentleman
, fiom Pennsylvania, are alone before the House,
I and upon their adoption the previous question has
I been called, which cuts off all amendments and all
i debate.
! Mr. WALBRIDGE. I understood that the
! gentleman from Pennsylvania withdrew his call
' for the previous question in my favor.
! The SPEAKER. He declined doing so.
| [Cries of " Question !" "Question!"]
! Mr. WALSH. 1 desire to make a remark.
' Mr. CHANDLER took the floor.
! The SPEAKER. Is it the unanimous consent
I of the House that suggestions be made by the
. gentleman from Pennsylvania or the gentleman
i from New York touching the matter now under
consideration?
| [Cries all over the House of " No!" " No !"]
| The SPEAKER. The Chair is then compelled
to rule everything out of order until action has
been taken on the call for the previous question.
Mr. WALSH said, (amidst much confusion:)
If I understood the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Florence,] it proposed
that, besides votes of thanks and medals, copies
of his resolutions should be presented. Now,sir,
I am opposed to accompanying an act of charity
with, the infliction of the reading of all those reso-
lutions.
Mr. ORR. I trust that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania will allow a motion to be made to
refer this whole matter to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I decline to withdraw my
call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. No discussion; no motion
is in order, and the Chair must hold gentlemen to
the rules.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Has my colleague [Mr.
Cutting] entirely withdrawn his resolutions?
The SPEAKER. Pie has.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Chandler] then to al-
low my resolutions to be attached to his own by
way of amendment?
Mr. FAULKNER. I rise to inquire whether
my proposition to refer this whole subject to the
Committee on Military Affairs does not take pre-
cedence of the call for the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It does not, for the reason
that, at the moment the gentleman proposed to sub-
mit the motion, the gentleman from Pennsylvania
was upon the floor; which the Chair stated at the
time.
Mr. FAULKNER. He,however, yielded the
floor to me, as the Chair is aware.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, as the Chair understood at the moment,
declined to yield the floor. There was a good deal
of confusion at the time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a point of order,
which is, that this whole debate is out of order,
the previous question having been demanded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from North
Carolina is quite right. No further proposition is
in order, nor any further debate. As many,
therefore, as second the demand for the previous
question, will rise.
Mr. ORR demanded a count; and there were—
ayes 105, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded; and
the main question was ordered to be now put.
The question was then taken on the adoption
of the resolution; and it was decided in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. HAMILTON. I now call for the regular
order of business.
^ Mr. DEAN. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his question.
Mr. DEAN. I move to reconsiderthe vote just
taken, and to lay that motion upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Hamilton, and it was agreed to.
DUTIES ON RAILROAD IRON.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the following resolution, which will be read by
the Clerk:
Resolved, That the Committee on Ways and Means be
requested toieport a bill giving a credit of four years to
railroad companies, to pay duty upon iron imported by them
for railroad purposes.
The SPEAKER. Upon the adoption of this
resolution the previous question was demanded
and ordered; and a motion was then made to lay
the resolution on the table.
Mr. CHURCH WELL. Upon the motion to
lay the resolution upon the table I demand the
yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to suggest
to my colleague the propriety of so modifying Ilia
resolution as to instruct the committee to inquire
into the propriety of such a resolution. This
resolution, with the whole subject of the tariff,
has been referred to that committee, and I think
it would be quite as well 
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to this debate.
We have already two resolutions before the House,
and the previous question has been ordered.
Mr. JONES. Will my colleague take a sug-
gestion from me ?
